Apr 20 2009 	So farewell then . . .	How sad - the Royal Adelphi was an absolute Godsend, convenient for my office and amazing value for Central London. I last stayed there earlier this year and it was its usual shabby, friendly, welcoming self. Yes, the furniture, carpets and TVs all belonged in the 1970s (or in a skip) but the place was clean and for GBP55 including breakfast, who's complaining? Well done to all the staff who were always friendly and welcoming and kept the place clean and decent. RIP.	
Apr 4 2009 	Sad Demise	I have enjoyed staying there since I discovered it in 1998. Yes the rooms were somewhat old and tired, but the atmosphere was friendly and safe. And a perfect location, particulary as I come up via Charing Cross. Alas the Credit Crunch seems to have bitten and the hotel is now closed :( If any of the staff read this review- thanks for many comfortable stays and I hope the future brings better fortune.cheersbill	
Mar 5 2009 	does the hotel still exists?	Hi,Two years ago, two colleagues of me, went for business to london and stayed over at the royal adelphi hotel!End of this month, they need to go back for some more businessmeetings.They loved the hotel, but apparently the website, email, telephone aren't working anymore?Anyone knows if the hotel is still open or did they close their doors????thanxsophie	
Feb 24 2009 	Great location friendly staff comfy if not fancy	Disregard the date that I was forced to check on this website. I first stayed at the Royal Adelphi in 1986 and the last time in 2002. I found it simple, clean, friendly and the greatest location for the price in all of London. Right on the Thames, behind Charing Cross station. It's walking distance to everything I want to see in London. Anything else I can reach by tube. I will be staying there again this year.	
Jan 29 2009	Cheap	I stayed at royal Adelphi hotel in October 2008. The hotel was not fantastic but it was clean. However... the furniture, bathroom, and carpet must have been installed before the 2nd world war. Despite the perfect location of the hotel I would NOT recommend it to people that enjoy London’s nightlife and need to sleep in the morning until late. The cleaner will disturb your sleep a lot of times. They start around 10:00 to knock your door and enter the room. From 11:00am to 12:00 you can be disturbed and woke up 6 times at least. I asked for a “Do Not Disturb” card at the reception desk but there were not any available… I left a message for the cleaner not to enter my room on the next morning but again it didn’t work. You can’t escape from them. At 13:30 they usually finish work but it’s over… they had already ruined your sleep.	
Aug 31 2008 	great location	I have stayed at the Adelphi a few times before, but my latest visit was the first time for a number of years. The place is still the same, a little tired, a little shabby but its clean and for £55 a night for a single room with a breaksfast thrown in you cant go wrong if you a single traveller on a bit of budget and want a central place for the night. My room was a little old hat, no ensuite but a small sink and a tv 80's. The bathroom was next door so no real problems. Pleasant friendly staff and a 24hrs bar.	
Aug 31 2008 	Brilliant location kinda grubby basic	The location really is outstanding - you step out the door and are in very close walking distance to the theatre district, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, and Soho. Embankment and Charing Cross train stations are a minute away. Other conveniences are super close (supermarket, chemist, net cafes), and it's safe to walk around there at night because it's so busy - a plus for a lone traveller. However, the place itself is pretty old and dusty and a little bit firetrap-ish! I stayed at the Royal Adelphi twice with three weeks between and got two different rooms. And I found the quality and size of the rooms varies significantly. The first room was tiny and the window was right near the building's air-con unit or something that made a really loud whirring noise all night. Plus, the shower was pretty low water-pressure and fairly grimy. But the second room I was in was much quieter and larger - especially the bathroom, which was also much better quality. Go figure.Breakfast was fine - nothing fancy. The staff were friendly enough - especially compared to what I was expecting after all the warnings I got from people about how surly London is meant to be!Like most big cities, London is a pricy, pricy place. So, while 75 pounds is pretty pricy in my books (thank you exchange rate!) - especially for a place so old and unkempt - I was hard-pressed to find better accommodation for this price in such a perfect location. And when it comes down to it, if you're in town to see the sights, you're not really gonna spend all day in your hotel room. And it really helps to be close to all the things you're going out to see - you can come and go as you please all day to drop off your shopping or to have an afternoon nap before the theatre. Provided it's inhabitable and safe - which the Royal Adelphi is - the location maketh the lodging.	
Jul 14 2008 	Disgusting	Dear fellow travellers, your reviews led me to book this hotel but I was severely let down. It is London afterall so my expectations were low but this place is really dreadful. Sticky carpets, threadbare bedspreads, curtains and lumpy mattresses that haven't been changed since the 50s. Totally unacceptable standard for a hotel operator. Mould on the bread at breakfast. We fled as soon as we could lock in another hotel, and then took a very long hot shower.	
Jun 12 2008 	Does The Biz Every Time	This is my second review of this hotel. Via my user name read this in connection with my earlier review save me repeating myself.This was the 5th time in 12 months I have stayed at the Royal Adelphi and I love it. This hotel is about location not 5* luxury. Work colleagues have also now started to stay at the Royal Adelphi due to it's fantastic central location for the room rate.Jackie the receptionist as always was very pleasant as are the other reception staff, it is just that I have forgotten their names.Ask for a room at the rear, the front of the hotel can get noisy. Their is no air conditioning but the in room fans seem to do a good job once you fathom out how to use them.The hotel has internet access and I recommend you visit walkit.co.uk which you can the see where the sights are from your hotel. Print out the route and save tube and bus fares. The hotel is so close to all the main sightseeing attractions if only you knew how to walk there by the shortest route.A pub right next door to the Royal Adelphi called the Princess of Wales has an excellent restaurant on the first floor open between 12 noon and 10pm. Well worth checking out for a pre-theatre meal.If you accept this hotel is a bit down at heal for decoration and furnishings, for price it cannot be beaten especially with a continental breakfast included in your room rate.	
May 29 2008 	Outstanding location at a great price	My wife and I stayed at the Royal Adelphi Hotel on Villiers Street in London from May 22-May 26, 2008. We had a room with a private bath and double bed. The location was absolutely perfect - across the street from Charing Cross station, about 150 yards from the Embankment tube station, and a very short walk to Trafalgar Square. The hotel was clean, the complimentary continental breakfast was very good (assorted breads, bagels, muffins, fruit, tea, coffee, cereals, juice) and a full English breakfast was available for a charge of 4 pounds per person. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was somewhat small and it certainly wasn't a 5 star hotel in terms of amenities; but our bathroom was very clean, sheets and towels were clean and fresh each day. One suggestion, ask for a quiet room when you make reservations. Our room was located on the front of the hotel (on Villiers Street) and our window overlooked a local bar (the Ha Ha bar and grill) which was pretty noisy into the early morning hours (especially Fri and Sat nights). In spite of this, for the money this was an excellent hotel at an outstanding location in central London. We would stay there again without hesitation.	
Feb 15 2008 	Fantastic Location	Not the most fabulous hotel I've ever stayed at....probably one of the more basic.The hotel is not fantastic but it is clean with a comfy bed and fresh towels each day. Soap/shampoo are provided but we didn't use themThe breakfast is just ok, just a range of breads, croissants, preserves and cerial with orange juice and tea/coffee.We only had beakfast the first day then gave it a miss Tea and coffee provided in the roomsThe best thing about the hotel is the location. It in a small street with Embankment Station at one end and Charing Cross Station at the other. A 5-10 minute walk will take you to Trafalger Suare, London Eye Covent Garden, Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey. The stop for the open top Original Tour Bus is 2 mins away at Embankment. The Strand is located at one end of the street with a huge range of shops, bars and restaurants not to mention the theatres!!Plenty of places to eat and drink including Starbucks, Costa Coffee, Princess of Wales Pub, a wine bar, Italian restaurants, a bistro, Jpanese fast food and loads more are located in the same street, In saying that we were never disturbed at night and slept very wellStaff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful, looking after our luggage when we checked out. Would definitely stay here again on our next visit	
Jan 2 2008 	Best Place Ever!!!	If you're expecting the Ritz-Carlton at this price and location.... don't go to the Royal Adelphi Hotel! As for the realists, if you need a place to rest, take a shower and want to be in the heart of the city so that you can easily walk anywhere... this is for you! Clean, Very Friendly Staff and location, location, location! Stairs and cigarette burns are worth complaining about... please! There is not a better place in London for the price and location!!! Think of all the $$$ you save by being in the perfect location to walk the entire city! After all, who on earth goes to a beautiful city like London to sit in a hotel!	
Dec 7 2007	Very Good Location	The Royal Adelphi is in a really good location for exploring the city. The train station is just across the road with the underground just a short walk away which means you can get to almost anywhere really easy. Trafalgar Square is about a 5 minute walk, if even that, and buses etc are in abundance. The hotel was in a busy street but there was no noise or disturbances at night. Jacqui in Reception is great and really helpful providing lots of information on the area. Main attractions such as Buckingham Palace, London Eye etc are a very short walk away. I would stay there again no problem.	
Oct 1 2007 	Stairs	This Hotel is very clean but if you have problems with stairs go somewhere else , no lift and loads of stairs even from the street to reception. We stayed for two nights and couldnt get in to breakfast any day,the room is so small very few people can get in at a time and most tables were for two.The Bar is a fridge in a plain room with 3 stools and dont try to get served while the receptionist is talking on the phone to her friends it may take a while. Some Staff were lovely but we were berated for daring to open our cases in the room assigned to store cases once youve checked out and given 2 minutes to get it sorted ,which was indeed timed.The Hotel is central but very tiring.	
Sep 28 2007 	Very Disappointed	We needed an interim place to stay for 2 nights during a recent trip to London. The pictures of the rooms posted in the hotel lobby were very deceiving and must have been taken quite some time ago. Although we found the staff to be quite friendly and informative, our first room had cigarette burns in the comforter and carpeting, tears in the curtains, cracks in the wall and ceiling, and paint peeling from the wall. The only thing between us and the mattress was a paper thin sheet (no mattress protector). We were offered a second room which was a little bit better, but not much. Overall, we found the 2 rooms that we viewed to be extremely rundown and did not feel the rate of 95 pounds per night was justified. Since we were already in the area prior to booking, we regret not asking to view a room prior to making this reservation, having relied solely on the pictures posted in the lobby.	
Sep 25 2007 	Visit Regularly ... And I'll be Back	I have stayed at this hotel on a number of occasions over the last few years.The staff are great, especially the Irish Lady on Reception, it is as central as you can get without being charged a congestion charge on top of the cost of your room :o)It is basic, but i've always found it clean and felt safe there, even as a solo traveller...okay i'm over 6ft 3 but you get the idea.I will continue to use this hotel for my semi-frequent visits to London.	
Aug 8 2007 	Location Location Location	Great hotel for a citytrip! The location is great. You can do a lot of London by feet and the subwaystation is in the street. The hotel is in a lively street (2 Starbucks, pubs and restaurants). But thay all close at 11 p.m. Nice helpfull people. Only the rooms are very small. But clean en the price is really worth it.	
Jul 25 2007 	Superb location rather poor accommodation	I was not really impressed by the Royal Adelphi, but then again, I didn't expect to be. For a very short stay in London I selected one of the cheaper hotels my travel agent had on offer, and one of the most &quot;central&quot; ones because I wanted to be able to relax and stroll down to Covent Garden and Picadilly Circus without having to use a lot of public transportation. Indeed, the location of this hotel is absolutely superb (if you don't mind the noisy street under the window) but my single room was of quite poor quality. It was a closet, really, quite old and not what you would call &quot;squeaky clean&quot;. I found the absence of an elevator, or rather, the presence of very steep and run-down stairs, a drawback as well. Overall impression? Do not go there with children or for a romantic getaway, but if you are a budget traveler and/or value location over comfort: book now.	
Jul 15 2007	stayed at the R/A 3 times a year since 1976	I have stayed at the R/A on over 100 separate occasions and it is the best hotel of its kind in central London. It is right in the middle of everything and all the action and there is nowhere in that area location that is better in price. It is safe, coming straight off the Strand down an always busy road, no back streets, it is cleanand you do not need a bus or a taxi to reach any of the major sites of London. All around are good pubs, restaurants, theaters, buses, tubes stations and main line railway. The staff I know fairly well and have always treated us with great care and respect. The continental breakfast is enough for even the most greedy, the rooms are clean and cleaned daily. Anyone complaining about that place should go to some of the neighbouring hotels at £50.00 a night dearerand see what some of them are like and their cheeky staff. Been there, done it and there ain't no better on price and let's face it. All hotels are only a bed for the night and I have never had any trouble sleeping in theirs, good on you R/A, be back soon/ Barry Hunt.	
Jul 1 2007 	Royal Adelphi Hotel	We stayed at the hotel for one night as I was celebrating my 24th birthday with my friends at covent garden and wanted a cheap hotel to stay the night. I had a twin room shared bathroom for £75 which included breakfast. This hotel is in a excellent location for all local transport with buses and underground and overground trains right next door to the hotel, shops, restaurants, theatres and all local attractions are within easy reach. I went to covent garden which is within 5 minutes walking distance from the hotel. If you are looking for a budget hotel to stay one or two nights then this hotel is for you. If you are wanted more then book the thistle hotel which is next door but the twice the price. The hotel staff are really friendly and I did not have to pay anything for my room until I checked into the room. They looked after our luggage whilst we went to the theatre which was very kind of them. I would stay at the hotel again if I needed to stay in London again.	
Jun 13 2007 	Very satisfied	We stayed here for 8 nights in May. This is the best location for those who travel to London. It is close to everything. All major attractions are walking distance from it. We loved it there. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms and furniture are not the newest, but clean. For this part of London and for this price it is just excellent. The continental breakfast is pretty good; however English breakfast is available for reasonable price. Definitely will stay here again and recommend it to our friends.	
Mar 13 2007 	Excellent location good hotel	I stayed here for 3 nights last summer. This hotel is close to...well everything. Train, tube, bus, shops, monuments.... Staff were very friendly and helpfull. Reception is on the first floor but there is no lift. I had a single room. Not too big, but okay. Bathroom was clean and large. New towels daily. I would stay here again and recommend it to others.	
Dec 27 2006 	Not Bad At All!	I have stayed at this hotel numerous times over the past several years and while it may not be the most &quot;user friendly&quot; (stairs, no elevator and room keys rather than keycards) you simply CAN NOT beat the value!!! The location is PRIME for easily getting around greater London and you can quite easily walk to many of the more popular tourist destinations.For those on a budget, this is DEFINITELY a place that should be checked out! ** ONE NOTE ~ Each time I've made a reservation at this hotel, I simply called and asked for the specific type accomodation I wanted to reserve. The staff gladly confirmed the room with me before I hung up and I have NEVER had to guarantee the room with a credit card! Each time, I've been asked to simply &quot;give us a call&quot; if I need to cancel the reservation. This is almost unheard of in this day and time and should be remembered for those traveling on a budget!!!	
Oct 5 2006 	poor hotel	This hotel has quite a good location opposite Charing Cross station and just off The Strand.The hotel reception seemed a little casual in terms of smartness of staff and checking in procedures. We had to go up a some stairs and round corridors to our room, the door was in a little lobby area with 2 other doors off it as well. Old fashioned key to open the door and the room itself was very small. Although the window was open, the room was very stuffy and it was the end of September when we stayed, so not the height of summer. The bed was a standard double and quite low down with the softest mattress I've slept on for years. The pillows once slept on flattened into nothing, almost like you have no pillows. The furniture was very old and the small portable tv was on a slightly broken shelf. The carpet was very grubby and stained.The en-suite shower room was adequate but I didn't fancy using the shower as it didn't look quite safe to me. When we returned to the hotel at 10.30pm, we got a drink from the bar and went to our room. We re-opened the window because the room was extremely stuffy and warm and then had to live with the constant loud noise of people shouting and yelling through the night, followed by dustcarts and drills very early in the morning. Breakfast was included (continental) in the £92.00 we paid but it was served between 8.00-9.30am, a bit too early for us on a Sunday morning, especially as we had been disturbed several times during the night. We got a cursory goodbye when we checked out and my husband &amp; I agreed we wouldn't stay there again. We were really not impressed at all. This is supposedly a 3 star hotel but I've stayed in cleaner and nicer 2 star hotels. We're glad we only stayed there one night after an evening out with friends in Covent Garden, it's probably most suitable for those on a budget and need to be close to The Strand/Covent Garden and those areas.	
Jun 15 2006	Faded but friendly	Yes, the location is fantastically convenient. We walked to Trafalgar Square and to the west end and across the Thames. We bought a day train pass at Charing Cross Station across the street and used it to take buses and trains all over town. The downside is that there is no elevator and lots of stairs and rooms that are on the very small shabby side with stained carpeting. The bathrooms while small were updated and acceptable. Everyone at the reception desk was super friendly and the free continental breakfast is served in a very charming room with a lovely view, a great savings and timesaver in the morning. There's probably not a better value in London if you can get past the room quality and carrying your luggage up the stairs.	
Nov 13 2005	Location budget and saves money 	I've done a fair amount of travel to London and have stayed in some good and some bad budget hotels. For a budget hotel, in this location, this was the greatest! Located off the Strand, across from Charing Cross rail staton, 1/2 block to Embankment tube station, one block from the Thames. I didn't spent my day on the tube, fighting crowds, I walked everywhere or took the bus, thus saving money and valuable touring time. I had a larger sized single room, about 8 x 12 ft (large by London standards) with full normal sized (not small) bathroom, including a large deep tub for soaking my old bones, after a day of walking. The furniture is alittle old and worn but the hospitality was great. Breakfast was the standard fare but enough to get your day started. They have a tiny small bar which draws some locals and a great &quot;gay&quot; evening manager, internet access in the lounge. I loved this place and will stay there again! For London on a budget, this is absolutely the best I've found in 5-6 yrs of traveling there.	
Oct 3 2005	Location location location.	£90 for a twin/double is a great price for this friendly central London hotel. The rooms are basic but clean, with small bathrooms and a good hot shower. The staff were excellent, even when fifteen of us rolled into the hotel bar at 3am. I got a free birthday drink and had a great time drinking into the early hours with the staff. The bar is small and sells bottles and cans as apose to draft beer, but at £2 a lager in london its the cheapest drink I had all weekend. As for location, nobody could ask for more, less than five minutes to Trafalgar sqaure and just off the Strand there are shops and bars aplenty. I would deffinately stay here again.	
Sep 22 2005	Location Location Location!!	This hotel is alllll about location! Charing Cross Station - follow signs for Villiers Street, turn left at the exit, and there it is! Embankment station is also 2 minutes away. It was extremely easy getting anywhere, and it's within walking distance to Leicester &amp; Trafalgar Square, and also situated just off the Strand (lots of shopping and restaurants!). Staff are very friendly, and price is reasonable. Cons- it is a busy location, so don't expect a peaceful night. It is old, so while it's clean, it's very worn- ie. carpets stained, tiles cracked, bedsheets a bit rough round the edges. No A/C (so avoid in summer). No non-smoking rooms. Would stay there again just because of the location.	
Jul 22 2005	Avoid in the summer!	I stayed at the Royal Adelphi for two nights in July. It was hot in London and my (tiny) room was even hotter. Actually so hot that I felt I would suffocate any minute. Of the two windows only one could be opened. But even during the night, not the slightest cool breeze could make it through the high and tight channel of walls opposite to the window. I asked if I could change to a cooler room but was told that, so sorry, there is no AC in the hotel and that all rooms were as hot as mine. So, if you are not really interested in dozing (Sleep? Forget it!) through the night lying on your bed soaking wet with sweat, avoid the Royal Adelphi in the summer!Person who have difficulties in climbings strairs for whatever reasons should also avoid this hotel. There is no elevator and the staircase is extremely narrow and steep. Even for healthy persons it is not easy to climb the stairs, when they are at he same time loaded with a big suitcase. On the positive side of the hotel are its great location and the very friendly and helpful staff. You are right in the middle of London with two subway stations barely a one minute walk away. Located in a small street only a few meters from the Strand, the hotel is very quiet. It is surrounded by dozens of restaurants, shops etc. Many spots of interest like Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, Houses of Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Royal Opera House, St. James Park, Buckingham Palace etc. are all within walking distance. Also, within one minute you can recover form your hot room in one of the beautiful small parks along the river Thames - all of them are exquisite little green gems and wonderful oases to relax and recover.Also on the positive side are the rates. I had a single room with bathroom of my own for 68 GBP (about 100 $), which is rather cheap for London. The room (with TV/telephone (hairdryer) was tiny, the carpet looked very worne, but room and bathroom (with a very small sink, but reasonably sized and well functioning bathtub/shower/toilet) both were clean.Bottom line: I would stay at the Royal Adelphi again, but only in the spring, fall or winter.	
Jun 2 2005	Perfect location and non-expensive	We've stayed in Royal Adelphi hotel for a weekend. I have chosen it through TripAdvisor and was a bit concerned if it wil turn out alright. Certainly one might say that the carperts should be clearner and the furniture is a bit shabby. I should confess that I expected it to be much worse taking in to account that it was not very expensive. I would like underline the terrific location of the hotel - right in the center, close to Trafalgar Square and Covemt Garden. Though it is in the center it was very quiet. The staff is very friendly and helpful. And there was a possibility to choose either continental breakfast or a full English breakfast.	
Jan 19 2005	The BEST Hospitality!!!	The Royal Adelphi's great location and incredible value in downtown London are enough to make this a top choice for any budget minded traveler – but when money is no object, do yourself a favor: treat yourself to the sincere and unmatched hospitality you’re sure to experience from the rare gems who comprise the Royal Adelphi staff.I stayed at the Royal Adelphi for 3 nights in early Dec. '04. Although my traveling companion and I had originally planned to stay there 6 nights, we decided to spend a few days in Bath, England. When I called to change our reservation, the folks at the Adelphi graciously volunteered to keep our bags for us while we were gone on our side trip -- no charge. James Sowerby, the manager, was prompt and humorous when responding to my e-mails. The first time I saw James in person, he was rushing down the stairs to oh-so-gallantly relieve me of my 80-pound suitcase which was filled with a month's worth of African mementos. After long flights from different continents, my colleague and I were due to arrive hours before our room was ready, and, as promised, we were directed to the breakfast room to load up on the caffeine we'd need to make it through the day. Ah, breakfast: a great selection of cereals, assorted breads and jams, fruit, milk, juice, coffee, and REAL hot chocolate -- YUM! And the warm, friendly folks maintaining the cozy spot kept everything stocked and tidy.  James and Jaqui, who manages the front desk during the day, included my traveling companion and me in their warm and friendly banter with each other and truly made us feel welcome. Jaqui and Abdu, who manages the desk in the evening, gave us great suggestions on what to do during our visit to London, and they seemed genuinely interested in catching up at the end of our daily excursions. Abdu even joined me for some light conversation as I relaxed in the lounge with a cocktail at the end of the evening. It was so kind of him to keep me company instead of letting me drink alone in front of the television.When I had trouble downloading the software I needed to access e-mail from a UNIX box in the states, James and Abdu even offered their personal computing resources to help me out.  Our room was modest and clean, as was the bathroom down the hall. And although our door was right in front of the stairwell access, it was remarkably quiet. The beds were made daily, and having the hair dryer, coffee/tea pot, sink and telephone in the room made it very convenient.Any employee can be taught to master the skills required for a job, but real hospitality is innate -- and these folks have it in spades. Being a stranger in a city can be intimidating, so if you want to feel like you're staying with friends, the Royal Adelphi is for you.	
Nov 2 2003	A Real Experience	Certainly one may find a cleaner[read sterile] a quieter[read isolated]a more modern[read generic]a larger[read boring] accomodation.....however, for one who wishes to actually experience London in all it's diversity and freedom, there is 21 villiers street. A few blocks to watch the pidgeons get hawked...nearly next door to two underground stations...sit outside and watch the commuters striding up the street.....you can nearly throw a rock into the Thames....assuming one wished to throw said rock......the staff is Irish and black and gay and English...yes, they are Londoners..in all their glory and frailty...but they are authentic as is The Royal Adelphi...home to businessmen, vacationers, partiers.....anticipating my return...Wendell	
Oct 16 2009 	bien situé		
Mar 25 2009 	Fantástica relación precio-calidad-ubicación		
Mar 12 2009	très bien située!!!		
Aug 30 2008 	Eine schreckliche Erfahrung		
Aug 26 2008 	Pas mal d'avantages et quelques inconvénients		
Aug 6 2008 	EPOUVANTABLE SALE ET VIEUX		
Mar 31 2008 	recepcion		
Sep 28 2007 	bof		
