Oct 27 2009 	Beware The Bedbugs	Do not visit this Hotel!It´s the worst and dirtiest place I´ve ever seen in my entire life and I was a Punk Rocker when I was young!We catched at least 100 stiches of bedbugs.If you are desperate finding a place to sleep in London, better search a bridge!	
Aug 14 2007 	Worst stay of my life so far!	Worst hotel stay of my life. Where to begin ... the first thing that we noticed was that the sink was permanently running. I asked the man running the place at the front desk (sadly, I did not catch his name, but he worked the night shift on August 11th, 2007) about what he could do. He lied to me on several occasions about what could be done. The story changed each time that I asked. We later noticed that the heater could not be turned off and that the room was permanently at a temp. approaching 80F (on a cool London night of about 55-60F). He replied that it is a UK thing that people like to have their rooms at that temperature and that it is that way in every room. Having stayed in the UK the two months leading up to this visit, I knew that he was simply continuing with his morally bankrupt manner as he was with the running sink. When I mentioned the sink again, he said that no one had actually ever complained about it before. I find it hard to believe that no one had ever complained about a sink running, that is 3 feet from your head as you sleep in a room that is 7 feet by 7 feet. The next pleasant surprise came at around 2am when the heater began making a load moaning sound. My girlfriend and had to wake up about every half hour for the rest of the night to kick the thing to make it stop.Long story short, avoid staying here at all costs. If London has anything similar to a better business bureau, this hotel should be reported and the deceitful man should be fired, fined and shunned from decent society. How he sleeps at night is a mystery, both with respect to the horrific conditions of the hotel and his complete lack of moral character.If no other place is available, as was the case in my situation, I would suggest sleeping at the Queensway Underground stop, or in a park, or on a sidewalk. At least you wouldn't have to be angered by blatant lies, unpleasant heat, and moaning noises all night. I'll risk being robbed over that any day.	
Aug 3 2007 	Awful awful awful.. Don't do it!	It is a long time since I stayed here but I feel compelled to write this review so that others can avoid the experience we had. We were in London for a wedding in August 2006 and the groom very kindly arranged accomodation for all the guests..at The Queens. When we arrived the outside looked nice enough, however the receptionist was grumpy and sour. We were made pay cash on arrival which should have been the first clue. I had to change for a wedding, however as we arrived at 11.30 we were told that I would have to change in the cubicles in the toilets. My partner put his foot down and we were grudgingly given a room on the ground floor, we had explained that we didn't mind if the room wasn't made up and would be willing to wait.On the way we passed a trolley full of linen. The room smelled of smoke, the decor was peeling and the carpet was dusty. We returned later that night after the wedding. The bed was lumpy, the numbers were missing from the room doors and it was just not clean.We didn't bother staying for breakfast for the next day as we just wanted to leave. The only good thing about the hotel is that it is located to some nice cafes and shops so we found a lovely place for breakfast, but please, do NOT go here. Friends of ours had another room and noticed that there was an active trade going on at 2am...so be warned.	
Jun 13 2007 	Just a dump!	I stayed at The Queens Hotel in Bayswater in May 2005, because i was deperate to find a cheap hotel in the area.I only stayed one night here, but that was enough.It was just £20 with a shared bathroom, but I wish I paid £20 more and stayed somewhere decent!!The outside of the hotel is ok, and the reception is at least habitable. There is a strong horrible smell which is undescriable through out the hotel.As i made my way to my room, I noticed the old warn down stairs that were about to collapsed. The hotel looked liked it hadnt been decorated in years.The rooms simply are disgraceful.I have never seen anything like it - the sink was full of mould, the cupboard was nackered, the wardrobe looked like it was nicked from the wreck of Titanic, the bed was old and broken ,the floor was filthy, the bed covers was disgusting, the walls had holes and pen marks all over, and even the ceeling had holes. The window has mould and dead flies across it, and even the small bedside table has a dead spider in the draw.The only thing that worked was the TV. The bathroom was tiny, shower didnt work, toilet was thilthy and the door didnt lock. It was shared between 4 or 5 rooms, although when ever i needed the toilet it always seemed avaliable. The bedroom door could have been easily kicked down - the lock was broken but closed (just).I could go on, there was so much bad things about this hotel! The noise was annoying, you could here people in the other rooms. I noticed a large family were staying in the room downstairs, it seemed they lived there because there was no room number on there door. PLEASE PLEASE dont stay here - YOU WILL BE DISSAPOINTED!Honestly spend £20 extra and stay somewhere at least clean.	
Jun 11 2007 	Nightmare in Queen's Hotel	You can hear the toilet flush next door in the middle of the night. The bed is the worst you can get, no springs, dirty, etc etc. Toilets with no hot water, flow of water very very very slow. Surroundings very very dirty! Not recommended!	
Mar 20 2007 	Your worst nightmare	Well, if your looking to stay in a value for money hotel in the heart of London I would strongly recommend not staying here. The door mat caked in dirt should have made the penny drop that this hotel wasn't value for money. The reception area is dirty and the clocks on the wall informed us of the time in New york, Hong Kong, Sydney etc etc. This would have been all the more informative if the actual clocks had been present.As for the room.....specks of blood all over the bed headboard, the bathroom smelled similar to a public toilet, holes in the carpet and just generally dirty. It is a truly awful hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	No está mal		
Oct 7 2008 	FUnzionalebuona posizione		
