	GOOD LOCATION	Although the room was small, and a little stuffy, it was clean and the the beds were comfortable and the showers hot. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Good atmoshphere in the local area, very close to Earls Court tube. Plenty of eating places for both young and older generation. Will go there again.	
Oct 25 2009 	no free internet or breakfast...and a very very small room.	this hotel is deffinitely not like its advertised. the room was very, very small. i didnt see where they had done any remodelling. the website said breakfast was included, but it definitely wasnt, it cost 5 pounds, when every resturaunt in the area had better food for the same price. we ended up getting charged twice because the booking website charged us, then when we got to the hotel they did have any record of us paying. the second day we were there, when they cleaned our room they opened the window. our room was on the ground floor....so it made easy access to possibly steal our stuff. luckily it didnt happen. the only good thing about the hotel, was the staff was friendly and helpful other than the first guy that checked us in.	
Aug 21 2009 	DIRTY BAD SERVICE 	My wife had stayed at this hotel a couple of times before (3-5 years ago), and recomended it for our stay this time around as well. But sadly the hotel has developed in a negative direction from last. We got the room 007, and already on our way to the room we noticed the bad smell. Later that evening we found out that the source of the odour was a very bad attack of mold in the walls and floor. Tha bathroom specially was, due to bad refurbiration job, really bad. See the pictures. We complained about the smell the next, but the only response we got was a brisk remark about why we pointed this out now and not on the first day...and that we could forget about getting another room since the hotel was fully booked. The guy at the reception wouldn't even join us into the room to inspect the mold. Another detail is the lack of safety at the first floor. The windows at the end where rooms 006-008 are almost directly opening to the sidewalk outside. A simple job to climb in for anyone with ill intents. We had to have our only window closed during nights, in the midst of an hot summer. No air-con avaliable. It's important to point out that the other couple we travelled with got a much nicer room, with NO odour or mold. But the lack of understanding/service by the staff makes the overall experience a very bad one! We would not recomend this hotel to anyone, sadly...it was a good place to have as a base during a London vacation...but not anymore:( RegardsMY from OSLO, Norway	
Aug 13 2009 	Very Clean very helpful and very nice	A superb hotel, well positioned and very good for London sigth-seeing. Very friendly and cheerful staff from the moment you walk into the hotel until you leave, great 24-hour cover at the desk. This hotel is great value, the rooms are very clean with nice bathrooms.I would highly recommend this hotel to people wanting a great value hotel in a nice part of London, close to all the attractionsBravo!	
Aug 4 2009 	Good quality/prize relationship and well located	Georgian (?) house. I was in a double room with a bathroom with shower.The room had also a desk and a strongbox. Clean and quiet. Service: gentle. Close to Earl's Court tube station Warwick Rd. and to a victorian (?) square. At the end of the road I was able to find shops, restaurants and fastfoods.	
Aug 3 2009 	OK place to sleep for small people	My husband and I stayed at this hotel with friends, booking two rooms. The good points of the hotel: clean rooms, close to public transport; some staff friendly and helpful; very adequate breakfast included in price. Not so good points: very small rooms with teeny, tiny bathrooms; no air conditioning; very noisy street (human and vehicle noises); no internet access although website claimed there was.This may be a good choice if you can deal with very small spaces and you are only interested in a reasonably priced place to sleep.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very good hotel	We have just returned from Londona. We were there 9 days and all the time we were located in this hotel. When I was looking for a hotel I was afraid would it be clean. I was very happy when I entered the room and saw the new furniture,clean linens and towels.Room have been cleaned every day. Hotel is on excelent location, but in a very quiet street so no noise which would bother you. All the staff were very kind and ready to halpe us. Brekfast were very good. The room is small. However I think that one hotel room and should not be greater. This hotel is really my recommendation for all those who need a decent and above all clean accommodation in the Londonu. I would stay again in this hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	By London and UK standards the hotel represented reasonable value for money.	Our visit was for both business and leisure purposes. Our room was very small, but quite satisfactory for our purposes. The big plus for this hotel is its superbly convenient location for the City and the West End	
Jul 13 2009 	big disappointment	Stayed in this hotel which is convenient to Earls Court Underground. That was the only good feature .Hotel was being refurbished and the smell of paint was everywhere. No apology was expressed by the owners.  Room very small and if you are over 15 stone it would be impossible to enter into the en- suite, which was a portaloo with a shower in a bed room. Totally overpriced and I could not agree with earlier reviews.	
May 9 2009 	Okay...if you've booked	A standard small london hotel, currently under lobby/reception renovations, but the dust is kept apart. The lift is functioning. front desk man was unhelpful one day and seemed to shoo us away while the next he was very kind and welcoming. Odd, but people will be people. The breakfast option was 5 quid but we chose not to take it any day. My girlfriend acted as the tour guide for the week, having lived in London for years. I would say the rooms are acceptable. The bathroom was absolutely tiny. I stand 6'2&quot; and my knees were firmly against the wall when sitting. Small shower. But all clean, good linens, etc. No internet. Close to Earl's court (2 mins walk) tube station on the District line...and that means if you are touring you are not more than a short ride away from the sights. Try something else if you can find it. It really was not so horrible though I would not stay here again simply because I would want to try a new location.	
Apr 25 2009 	If you're looking for a great location at a fantastic price--consider the Oliver Plaza Hotel at Earl' s Court.	If you are looking for a quiet location on a charming street just off of Earl's Court Road, you will be pleasantly surprised by this little gem of a hotel. The room was immaculate and highly efficient, perfect for the kind of traveler who would rather spend his or her money on other aspects of a vacation budget than a larger room in which he or she simply sleeps. I highly recommend it. JS	
Mar 2 2009 	Good location for Earls Court 	Very friendly, caring staff; clean bedding and towels changed daily. Room rates were very fair as London rates go. Excellent location for visiting exhibitions at Earls Court and /or Olympia. We would certainly stay there again.	
Feb 7 2009 	Best Bang of the Buck	Excellent choice for the money. The hotel was safe and clean, and the staff was efficient and professional. This is quite close to the tube and convenient fo business. Althougg the room was somewhat small, I was quite pleased with the decor and view. The staff tended to my needs and suggested historic entertainment for a foreign businessman curious about England's history! Will definitely put this hotel on my company's list of approved/preferred hotels.	
Oct 4 2008 	loved it	very cheap place to stay down to earth staff, small rooms but you cant expect everything for the price you are paying clean rooms, towels changed everyday ,what do you need when u go on holiday when you only use it to sleep in p.s good breakfast	
Sep 15 2008 	Do not stay at the Oliver Plaza	This is the most disgusting hotel in the history of the planet. I was absolutely horrified at the state of the place. The walls had large holes in them and were stained. There were stains on everything, the blankets, spreadsheet and the showercurtain. The bathroom was to small to move around in and there were no shelves in sight. It was mouldy and dusty and in general a horrible experience. We checked right back out of the hotel and at least we got a refund for the second night. I am still trying to get a full refund. It is a disgrace to call this a hotel.	
Sep 13 2008 	surly staff tiny and dirty rooms.	I recently stayed here with several other colleagues. One girl was given a room which did not lock at all, only changed after 15 minutes of arguing with the extremely surly &quot;manager&quot;. Another girl was given a room on the ground floor which had an sash window that was open and closed via a screw on the very top which she could not reach even when standing on the bed! All the rooms were very small, my bathroom was so small I couldn't fit in with the door closed and had to sit sideways on the toilet. The sheets were not changed once during our three day visit. The towels were changed but did not smell clean, smelled of cooking fat. The bathroom was dirty and mouldy. There was damp up the wall in the bedroom. The blanket was very old and filthy. Also the TV only received 5 channels and was black and white.Breakfast was extra money and was very poor, even the toast was vile. They charged £5 on top of the breakfast surcharge for a cooked breakfast. The stairs down to the basement where the breakfast room and some of the bedrooms were, were collapsing on the tread and had duct tape holding the carpet together. There was a small &quot;lounge&quot; next to the reception with 2 filthy sofa's in, one of which was ripped.Worse than faulty towers!!!	
Aug 13 2008 	If you check in you'll want to check out straight away ... I did!	This is an awfully disgusting hotel. I checked in and basically checked out straight away - except they had a 48hr cancellation notice unlike every other hotel with a 24hr cancellation.As you check in they require you to pay the whole amount up front!As you ascended the steps the roof was on the floor and wasn't cleaned up for 2 days! They gave me a double bed but that is no use when you can't open the door because of it and leaves no room for a suitcase. If it is hot in london good luck getting any air into the room. The very small window is near the roof and probably the length of a ruler. The Bathroom - it's a joke.. it's been ripped out of a caravan and stuck into a hotel room. You have to stand sideways in the shower and there is no way you can feel comfortable.My recommendation - there is much better hotels in the area for the price.	
Jul 26 2008 	Awful	We just finished a month long trip around Europe and this was the worst hotel we came across throughout the entire trip. We choose the Oliver because it was cheap and seemed comfortable enough. We paid 82 pounds (after they added additional 17% tax - all other hotels we researched included this in their price). We did not have high expectations knowing that London is expensive, however the hotel was terrible. The room was small, which would have been fine except it was dirty. The walls, carpets, etc. were just dingy and gross. Do not stay here. We ended up leaving after our first night and staying down the street which was MUCH MUCH better (Mayflower, in case you are interested).	
Jun 17 2008 	Bog standard	A CHEAPISH HOTEL FOR LONDON. Basic rooms,shabby but clean. continental breakfast. european staff and guests. staff not friendly.close to earls court tube. WORTH a stay if on a budget.	
May 31 2008 	Bargain prices for London However!	During the Half Term holidays, thought it would be good to take my 13 year old to London and do the sightseeing thing. Found this hotel via internet search and booked.Paid £39.00 for the twin room (no breakfast included, that was an extra £5.00 each). I was not expecting much due to the price and the fact that London hotels are usually so expensive.To be honest the room was Small but functional, the bathroom was compact (thats the nice word for it), you have to use the toilet side saddle as you can not sit straight due to a wall being in the way. The shower was OK.The hotel itself is in need of a makeover however you do not spend much time there, so no real issue.For £39.00 a night this place is a bargain. The beds are OK the rooms, small they may be but are fine for one or two nights. The hotel is very close to Earls Court Underground Station. My tip is to use the Warwick Road exit (opposite the exhibition centre) turn right out of station and take next road on right, the hotel is about 250 meters on left.All in all a nice little find and £39 cant be bad. If you can get booked go for it.	
May 23 2008 	Cramped but cheap and friendly	I thought this hotel was excellent value for money. My daughter thought our tiny room was verging on daughter abuse. But she agreed that it was clean and quiet.Good points: very convenient to Earl's Court tube station, good restaurants in the area, a grocery on the way to the tube station, quiet street, quite good Continental breakfast, clean and safe (all incomers must show a room key, and no guests allowed past the reception area) and very friendly staff. Bad points: the hotel is a bit shabby in the public areas (duct tape on the stairs, paint not quite fresh) and the cramped rooms. Oh, and the web page says that there's internet access in the public areas. I was able to get a signal, but I wasn't able to get online.This hotel seems to be quite popular with US universities who have short-term courses in London, as the majority of the guests while we were there were from two US universities.	
May 14 2008 	Cheap Hotel and Excellent location	I stayed at the Oliver Plaza Hotel for 4 days. I chose the hotel for its cheap price and location. It's a cheap hotel more 1 star than 3 star. However, it wasn't horrible the room and bathroom was decent. I didn't have breakfast there as you have to pay 5GBP. The location excellent. The Hotel is in a great area-it's within walking distance of the underground, local and franchise restaurants, as well as at least 3 supermarkets and one open 24hours. If your looking for a cheap hotel in a great location I highly recommend this hotel. The location and price can't be beat. The Earl's Court area was rich in diversity of peoples and foods. If you stay there try the local places for a real English breakfast, or how about some Thai for lunch, and maybe Indian or Lebanonese for dinner. It was relatively safe-as two girls traveling and walking about at night we didn't get harassed. The area is also a good mix of tourist and locals. The added bonus is that police officers are always posted near the underground.	
Dec 10 2007 	convenient location	If you are looking for an affordable, quite and conveniently localed accomodation in central London, Oliver plaza could be an excellent choice.It is situated at 3 minutes walk from Earls court train station and village. The area is clean, safe and plenty of very good restaurants and clubs.We stayed for a weekend in a double room, clean but extremely small. If you have a big luggage you won't be able to move around, or close the door.Do not expect staff being friendly though. No one said &quot;welcome, good morning or thank you&quot;.	
Apr 27 2007 	Dont Stay Here	we booked the hotel for one night so we could watch a wrestling matchat earls court. the location of the hotel is excellent and is a moments walk away from earls court and earls court road, so is very good for places to eat (just as well as we didnt risk eating in the hotel) or if you watching a show at earls court. when we arrived the outside looked good and the reception was nice. the lift is really tiny and you can barely get two people in. as soonas you get out of the lift onto your floor, the standard drops as it is tiny, cheap and disgusting. the decor is terrible, the carpet is old and frayed, and for £80 per room you would expect it to at least be decent.the room itself was really tiny, you can barely move, the bed and bedding was old and worn, with strange stains on it, there were tea facilities but i didnt want to risk using them. the decor was terrible and everything looked really old. the bathroom was even smaller and old and mouldy, we didnt use the shower as it looked horrble. i would not advise anyone to stay here, as it is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at, and my standards arent that high. it definately isnt worth the £8mper might. we didnt eat the breakfast, from seeing the hotel room, i didnt want to risk it. im justglad i was only therefor one nite. also, the hotel only has three parking spaces, for which they charge an extra £20 per night. you can park on the street for free after 6.30pm and 8.30am, but the streets near it were very full so we would have had to park a few blocks away. outside of thesetimes it is expensive to park on the street, we used the hotel parking.	
Mar 11 2006	Very disappointed with the Oliver Plaza	We booked the Oliver plaza for a weekend in London with some family members visiting us from abroad as a surprise treat. We thought the hotel looked quite reasonable judging by the photos on the ‘capricornhotels’ website featuring the establishment.Upon arrival, we were taken to our rooms, which were so small we could hardly move. The bedding was stained and I have seen better beds, bedding, furniture and carpets in the local dump. The toilet/bathroom was so small you could barely move making it difficult to use the facilities provided and was also filthy. There was no curtain or blind in the bathroom allowing full view from adjacent properties.Breakfast consisted of cheap tinned mixed fruit, toast and jam in a glum atmosphere amongst guests, none of who had anything good to say about the place.All in all, I was disgusted at the quality, and at £80 per room, a complete rip-off.I do not like leaving negative comments, but I do not want anyone else to pay to stay at such a poor hotel.The only positive comment I can offer is that the staff were quite pleasant, but that is all. My advice is to avoid this place at all costs!	
Dec 6 2005	Great bargain but not if you're tall or stout	After reading the reviews, my partner and I were unsure of what to expect, but were both pleasantly surprised. PLUS: The staff were smiling, friendly and helpful. The room was comfortable, warm, and quiet. Breakfast was plentiful. TV reception was good. Shower was wonderful with great pressure! Location is less than two minutes walk from tube station in decent area.MINUS: Small lift (says 4 people but they'd all have to be slim with no baggage!). Not enough space between toilet seat and wall(!) - this made us giggle, one can use the facilities, but definitely easier for those 5'5&quot; and under! Small room (not for the stout).PROVISIONS: TV, kettle with tea/coffee etc., hairdryer; basic soap/shower gel. Extra bedding in wardrobe.All in all, a great bargain for the location. A note: open the windows without worry, they will stop, though you may have to get onto the window sill to close them. A nice touch though was the email a couple of days after thanking us for our stay.You get what you pay for, but I've paid far more for far less. (Room 207)	
Oct 13 2005	Dishonest arrogant and unethical	We [wife &amp; self] booked 7 nights thru a travel agent who glowingly described it as 3 star. Upon arrival we were taken to a twin room [we had booked a double] which was the smallest room I've ever been in - so small the two of us couldn't get our suitcase each into the room!! After complaining we were offered a slightly larger room which had a double bed but it was set against the wall so that whoever was sleeping on that side had to climb over the other person if they wanted to get out of bed during the night. After speaking with the manager the next morning he agreed to refund our money, less the night spent there, but as he had not yet received his payment from the travel agency he would have to forward it to us after being paid by them. Fair enough.Over the next few months all emails and letters were ignored by Oliver Plaza and no refund was forthcoming. Yesterday, eleven months later, I have obtained a partial refund after employing a London based debt collector to persue the matter. I've recovered A$600, not a huge sum of money but very important to a disabled pensioner traveling on a budget. My advice - avoid OLIVER PLAZA.	
Jul 10 2005	Excellent support during bombings	At the moment the bombings were happening, I was at the front desk talking with the clerk. He was extremely helpful, sketching maps for me to get to Heathrow, placing calls for me. As things unfolded, the staff provided free coffee and was very helpful to guests. We felt very cared for during this tragic day.	
Jul 9 2005	poor customer service	If you need some advice with directions or transport they are very reluctant to help you	
May 2 2005	Good for the Budget-Minded	For those trying to find a well located hotel that is close to shops, restaurants and the underground that is also conservatively priced, the Oliver Plaza Hotel might be the place for you. While the rooms were very small (especially the bathrooms), they were clean and fresh towels and linen were put out every day. This is an older building (built in the 1880-1890's) and could use some updating but everything was in good working order. Free newspapers and an adequate continental breakfast were available every day. If you're looking for something that won't break the bank and leave you with enough money to do some of the fun things London has to offer, this might be the place for you.	
Jun 22 2004	Ok for a budget hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed here 3 nights at the beginning of June. Location was fine, close to Earl's Court tube station, which is connected to the convenient District line. You don't stay here for fun, although there are a few good pubs, but because it's the cheapest option: we paid 55 pounds a night for a double room with private facilities. Of course there were a few, expected, drawbacks: having the breakfast once was more than enough, it was truly some of the most disgusting food we'd ever had, so we preferred to buy a sandwich on our way to the tube station after that. The room, including the bed and the bathroom, was also extremely small, and much too hot. On the plus side, reception staff were very friendly.	
May 13 2004	Shell out a few extra bucks somewhere else	While the staff makes a great effort to make sure that your stay is pleasant, it doesn’t make up for the fact that this budget hotel is just that, budget. The Earl Court neighborhood is sketchy to say the least. Full of random hotels all over the place and locals preying on tourists. One guy kept following me and asking if I had a place to stay. The hotel itself was adequate, but very small. The rooms were clean (particularly the bathrooms) but I can’t say the same for the carpet, comforters, etc. which had more than seen their day. My room smelled terrible. The walls were paper thin, so I could hear people fighting on one side of me, and guys snoring in the next. Ultimately, as a woman traveling alone, I didn’t feel terribly safe and regretted not spending the extra money to stay someplace nicer. The staff was nice enough, but that didn’t make up for the run down facilities. Save yourself the heartache and spend a few extra bucks. You’d be much better off in South Kensington, just one tube stop away. 	
Apr 7 2004	Stay here if you value location and price not size or luxury	Location: This place is located in Earl's Court and is only a short walk to the underground. You have access to three popular underground lines and can virtually get anywhere in London.In addition, there are some nice places to eat, some coffee shops, and a couple nice pubs within walking distance.Rooms: The rooms are small--real small. If you are a bigger person, you should look for another place. The bathrooms are so small and the showers are so tiny that you cannot even turn around.Overall: You should stay here if you value location &amp; price (less than 50 pounds/night) over plush accomodations.	
Mar 9 2004	Clean! I recommend this accommodation	I'm italian and I'm 26 years old. I stayed here from 27 of february to 1 of march. My room was the number 307. The room is small but clean and gives you good comfort. Also the bathroom is small but useful and clean with box shower. Bed is very good and hard. The heating in my room was excelent but my brother said me that his room number 103 was a bit cold because the window didn't close well. Hotel is closed the tube station, restaurants, markets. Very good and quiet location. When I arrived, the staff asked me to pay immediately all the 3 night! Breakfast is poor but clean (coffe, tea, toast with butter and jam, orance juice,...) and the room where you eat is small. I paid for a doubleroom with bathroom, tv, hairdryer, tea and coffe making facilities 45 pounds, 135 pounds for 3 nights at all, not for person. Very good price for a clean room in London!!! I recommend this accommodation.	
Feb 24 2004	clean but frosty reception	On arrival, I thought the hotel looked extremely nice, with a welcoming exterior which is more than I could say for the reception staff. When I walked in the receptionist didnt even look up from his desk and I stood there for a good minute before he acknowledged me. When I went down to my room, I couldn't believe the size of it (no room to swing a rat never mind a cat!) I was also down in the basement right next to the lift and the kitchen. It was SO noisy, im also a vegetarian and the smell from the cooked breakfasts was coming into my room. I eventually got my room changed (On Thursday, I arrived on Sunday). On the plus side though, the breakfast staff were really friendly, the room was cleaned with fresh towels put out every day. If you are going to book this hotel, ask for a room above the ground floor and don't be offended if the reception staff are rude.	
Feb 19 2004	an Earl's Court gem	What a fine hotel! Clean, quiet, and very friendly! We arrived very jet-lagged but very early in the morning...but no problem! our room was ready, so we checked in and took a well-needed nap and felt great. Breakfasts are basic--toast and cereal and cold cuts and always yoghurt--but you could order--for 5 pounds extra--a cooked breakfast...We'd stay here again, as it's very handy to tube and bus... B Berch	
Jan 13 2004	Good clean budget hotel in Earl's Court	This place is about 1 1/2 blocks from the Earl's Court tube station which is right on the Piccadilly line which goes to Heathrow. It is a lively little neighborhood near the tube station.While most web sites were listing a Jan. rate of L40, I found one site listing L35 single and went for it. I was a bit concerned when the site emailed a confirmation and it was some travel agent in Malaysia!When I arrived, the desk clerk gave me a friendly smile and said that I got a good rate.The room was small (2 twin beds with about 30 inches between them) but with a small desk which had a tea/coffee maker. The room and bath were impeccably clean. (A rarity in London budget hotels) I'd certainly stay there again.	
Nov 22 2003	If you a small person	This was the smallest hotel room I've ever seen. Way too small, you could touch the side walls while seated on the bed. The shower was 18&quot; sq, so if you are a person of any size, you may not fit. The room was clean, the breakfast just the basics. But it was cheap but uncomfortable because of the size.	
Mar 25 2002	Excellent hotel at excellent price	I have stayed in Oliver Plaza twice this year. What made me choose the hotel in the begining was its proximity to Earl's Court station and street, which was supposed to give me easy access to other london locations.The hotel lived up to my expectations. The staff are surprisingly prompt and nice, everything was smoooth .... really nothing dissaponted me. The rooms are v clean, the bathroom and shower are exellent.The only thing that I did not like about the hotel was the breakfast, although it is clean, well, I did nt fancy the limited choice.In short , I highly reccomend this hotel	
Sep 10 2009 	buona permanenza all'Oliver Plaza		
Sep 5 2009 	Olivier Plaza Hotel : Genial !!		
Aug 11 2009	Posizione ottima e buon servizio		
May 12 2009 	Un buon hotel per visitare Londra		
Mar 30 2009 	Hotel rata!		
Dec 1 2008 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo.		
Sep 15 2008 	Non lo consiglierei a nessuno		
Aug 21 2008 	per persone che si adattano molto facilmente..		
Jul 12 2008 	da paura........		
May 27 2008 	Fattibile!!		
Jan 24 2008	Hotel a recommander		
May 10 2007 	War OK		
