Oct 14 2009 	Does Not Earn Any Stars...	We've been staying in this hotel for four nights. Our expectations weren't too high, but not even basic service was provided. We would definitely NOT recommend this hotel to anyone... you're better off sleeping on a bench somewhere in the park.- bath was very small, couldn't imagine having someone bigger in there. It was actually not even a real bath, just a caravan toilet. There was no holder for the shower and on the last day the water was boiling hot, no cold water...- [--] HAIR of at least 50 other guests are still gathered in the sink... terrible...- floor was NEVER hovered - room service was ridiculous, the only thing which had been done is emptying garbage and bedding. We were out of toilet paper, even AFTER room service it had NOT been filled up. When we asked for toilet paper they were quite rude telling us it was late and we couldn't expect any service at that time of day, which was very ironically not necessary if they had done proper room service! - we had cockroaches in the bed! yes, [--] cockroaches- you could hear everything outside even with closed windows and they were not airtight either- towels had never been changed one single time...- it says free wifi but we had to pay and it didn't even work from the room...- breakfast was very poor and the room smelled dirty - check out time was 11am, but they already wanted to start room service at 10am and annoyed us with telephone rings and knocking BEFORE 11am... still can't believe this, the staff was quite rudeAgain, I would not recommend this obnoxious hotel to anyone, do yourself a great favour and GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!	
Aug 16 2009 	worst hotel ever	Don't go!Overpriced, rude staff, very dirty rooms/bathroom, there was even hair on the bed sheets. Floor was dirty.Room was very small, beds were shorter than regular-sized. Bathroom was minisculeThe owner didn't make us feel safe or welcome. Would not recommend it to my worst enemy's dog.	
Feb 12 2009 	Not as bad as the reviews imply!	Well, having read the reviews I was expecting an awful lot worse! The person I booked with was very helpful. He gave us a discount and was very pleasant on the phone when I advised we would be checking in late. On arrival we checked in very quickly, he booked us a taxi for our early morning start and told us where to leave our bags for the day until we needed to come and pick them up.The room was a triple. Clean and perfectly fine. Larger than I expected, though agree the bathroom is a little small. There was a TV and tea making facilities. Everything was clean.My only criticism is the bed covers - if the room had been cold, it would not have been enough to keep us warm. As it was, despite below freezing temperatures outside, the room was surprisingly warm.We didn't have breakfast, so cannot comment on that.Overall the hotel is a cheap and cheerful place to lay your head for a night. The price indicates that it's not going to be luxury, it's not going to be the most comfortable room you've ever slept in, etc, but we needed somewhere near Covent Garden and this was a perfectly reasonable hotel in a good location. I have stayed in much worse budget accommodation in London!!	
Dec 7 2008	unbelievable experience	Having booked this hotel on the internet for one night to spend some quality time with my family including two children, I booked a family ensuite room, when we arrived was told they never had a family room available. I have it in writing and will be taking this matter further.We was told we could stay in a room that had three beds in it already and was told they would put a bed in the middle of three beds. probably there idea of a family suite.The staff are arrogant, rude, and unhelpfull and to top it all couldnt speek english.I do not understand how they can get a two star rating. We have stayed in better hostals. stay well clear of this hotel, we have learnt our lesson and next time will be checking reviews before booking. It wouldnt surprise me if this hotel isnt here next time we come to london.	
Nov 19 2008	Embarrassing	We booked one night for a special function nearby and passed the web address on to a colleague, which was the most embarrassing point. The room was small (which I expected for the price) but was filthy (which I certainly didn't expect). Coffee cups in the room were unwashed with dried out coffee in the bottom. The wash basin was dirty. The bed seemed clean enough but was uncomfortable with single big, hard pillows (all or nothing). The staff were unfriendly, most didn't speak English, and breakfast was minimal. One table had milk served which had gone off. All in all, the expectation of a budget room with reasonable service didn't even come close.	
Nov 2 2008 	Don't Stay There!	We were a group of 5, one triple room and one double. Rooms weren't clean, hair all over the floor and blankets, dusty in WC and furniture, very very small rooms, during the night they turned off the heating, not friendly people, poor breakfeast with cold milk and no capacity for more than 15 persons. Dirty WC (smaller than an airplane wc and is not a joke!), we clean it ourselves, next to our room there was a closet with towels and detergent that we use to give a minimum of cleanless. We didn't stay in Guilford's but in Grenville. It's a pity that there are no local authorities to check quality in London hotels, cheap may not mean bad. We don't need internet or tea bags in our room, but clean and little bit more spacious would be enough.	
Sep 29 2008 	what a dump	Terrible place. Dirty rooms, substandard breakfast, unpleasant people.	
Mar 31 2008 	Really poor hotel with really really unfriendly staff	I booked my stay at this hotel through a theatre tickets package before checking it out on here-should have known better! I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and actually went hoping to find good things to say but unfortunately the good points are far outweighed by the bad. The location is ok-10 mins walk from a tube station, 20 mins to the British museum. It was quiet, relatively clean and also handy for Euston train station, we walked it in about 20 mins. Ok, that's all great if you are willing to overlook everything else. The rooms are old and tired, the bathroom a complete joke-just a weird plastic cubicle thing in the corner where you shower and go to the toilet in one tiny space. I'm not exaggerating this, if i was any weightier i'd still be trapped in there! Don't even get me started on the staff. They were really rude-does it kill you to say hello/welcome? We came back at night and were let in by the 24 hr reception people (you don't have a key to let yourself back in) and he just chucked the key across the desk at me and turned away. Same at breakfast, no polite conversation here. Oh and the breakfast! It was economy yoghurts a cup of tea and two slices of toast chucked at you-we wern't asked whether we wanted it or not. I am generally a person who likes to find the good in things and decided to give this place the benefit after what others have written. Don't make my mistake-believe them and believe me, do yourself a massive favour and stay away!	
Mar 3 2008	We didn't stay beause it was so bad	The 'Guildford House Hotel' was in fact not an hotel but a set of rooms, in terraced houses. The rooms allocated to us were in the basement and ground floor. On viewing the rooms we found that we could not stay in them because we did not feel safe or comfortable. The bed covers were dirty, the rooms very small and the tiolet and shower cubicles even smaller (we could not imagine how you could possible use the shower).However, the Receptionist was very helpful and directed us to another hotel.	
Feb 26 2008 	Problems with Reservation	Please note: I never actually stayed at the Guilford House Hotel, but when I returned from my trip and looked at my credit card statement, I was charged for one night. Be careful when booking a reservation at this hotel (or any hotel for that matter), especially when bookings are made via e-mail and the hotel you're dealing with doesn't get back to you, whether to confirm your actual reservation or the cancellation of the reservation. I actually never received a booking/confirmation number, so when I wanted to cancel, it was difficult to do so, and now I have been charged.	
Feb 19 2008 	It'd be cleaner to cleaner and walmer to sleep in the bins	Myself, Husband and 4 friends stayed at the Guilford House hotel for 2 nights in February. To keep the cost down we opted for a triple room.We were greeted upon arrival by 2 members of staff who barely spoke a word of English and was made to pay for our room up front (now we know why).The room its self was spacious enough but its cleanliness left a lot to be desired.The en-suite bathroom was a plastic box in which you could use the toilet, clean your teeth and shower all at the same time. That would have been fine but the fact the shower cubile hadn't been cleaned since its previous occupants and a sprinkle of pubic hair had been left in not just the shower but also in the sink!! Even after we had cleaned it ourselves, showered and had the &quot;en-suite&quot; cleaned by the hotel more still appeared, we decided they had a secret stash of pubic hair just to refill their bathrooms with.While out in the day, we returned to find our room had been cleaned but they had also left our door open.We had no heating and even after 3 complaints we still had no heating and reverted to sleeping fully clothed with scarves and gloves. The idea of snuggling under the bed clothes to keep warm was not a pleasant thought. We had a kind of white sheet, then a very old blanket, complete with woven pubic hair and one had a rather large blood stain on it and a throw over the top of that which also had some rather suspect white stains on them.Under one of the beds we found the remains of someones KFC, a least we hope it was and not a previous occupant. Up one of the walls an egg had been thrown and a spalttering of yolk had been left behind. Out one of the windows just below was a ledge to another extension, on this we discovered a plastic bag, the contents of the bag remain undiscovered but whatever it was had turned into a brown mush.The tea and coffee making facilities were poor, while they provided you with a kettle, cups and stirrers, they only provied you with sugar and oddly a sachet of tomato sauce.With the sate of our room you can understand why we never ventured down for their breakfasts!!!All in all this hotel is disgusting, it is cheap you but even in the cheapest of accomadition you expect a certain standard of care and cleanliness.Its a case of wiping your feet on the way out!!!	
Jan 16 2008 	our stay at the guilford	A group of five of us recently stayed at the guildford for one night! The hotel was easy to find, and near to the tube station. When we got to the hotel, there was nobody there and we had to stand out outside ringing the bell for a while.We were checked in next door at the Grenvlle hotel which was a bit strange. When we went into our room we were pleasantly suprised, it was plently big enough for us. Appeared clean, apart from a mystery bag in the yard, which we still havn't decided whether was a pizza or a bag of sick!The room was comfortable, however did go a little cold during the night! The bathrom was very small, but adequate.Overall we searched the internet for a budget hotel in london which was easy to get to. This is what we got, and for the price we paid compared to the other hotels we cannot complain-and will definitely consider staying there again.We didn't get up in time for breakfast so we cannot comment.	
May 20 2007	good buget price hotel	good budget price hotel, clean, continental breakfast was adequate small rooms and a bit of a walk from the underground but you get what you pay for and it was good value.	
Oct 16 2006	This hotel is Dangerous dirty and bad location!	Apart from the fact this hotel is appalling- dirty, tiny tiny rooms with hospital beds, cupboard size ensuite, 'breakfast' is two pieces of white toast, man's underpants drying on the radiator in the breakfast room- it is also miles from nearest tube stop- 15 mins to Russel sq, kings cross, holborn- there is nothing in the way of restauarnts or anything near the hotel. Most importantly the place is a FIRE TRAP it is a very narrow building with a central staircase there is no fire escape and no smoke alarms. It is also very badly priced you will get MUCH BETTER value for money elsewhere- after staying in London for holidays and business for 20 years this is the worst place I have stayed.	
Dec 30 2005	Good position	Good position, we found the hotel clean and the staff friendly, do not expect full english breakfast, the room was a good size but, the en-suite was tiny, good for price paid.	
Sep 20 2005	Stay Away...	This place was pretty bad. It was filthy, the room was small, the place was noisy - you could hear every person who entered and left the hotel. We didn't try the breakfast, but I'm sure the smoke-laden hallways made it a culinary delight. Best of all were the loud-speaking, door banging cleaning staff. The came around at about 9am to clean up, which was okay, because you couldn't sleep any later than 6:45am, when people start clamoring around in the hotel. I'm also pretty sure that they offer many different rates to many different guests. If you do stay, drive a hard bargain. They need your business.	
Apr 12 2005	Pretty grim place	Had us check in to the Guilford, rather than the Grenville House (next door) where our original reservation was made. Bathroom looked liike it had been stolen from an RV...single unit, plastic thing with poor lighting and cramped space. I am now in a fight about being double charged for a night I did not stay! Very pricey for the accomodation. I would not recommend.	
Jan 6 2004	Awful	I have to travel to London for medical reasons and due to low amounts of money we did not have a huge choice of hotels to choose from.At this hotel despite confirming our room weeks before hand the owners did not know who we were. Eventually we were given a room that had been booked with someone else. The room was of ok condition with a decent sized en suite.Because I thought this was a one off I did go back on my next trip. Again they had no idea who were and another group of confirmed tripped who arrived seconds after us were also told that they didnt know who they were.We were put in the hotel next door that had no heating and we were the only people in the enitre building. It was an awful experience.The owners inist on taking your credit card details over the phone despite not knowing who you are when you turn up, they also ask for the credit card details AGAIN on your arrival. They also do not have a great grasp of the English language which can make it very hard to know what is happening.	
Aug 20 2009 	???????????????		
