	Believe the reviews we didn't	This hotel leaves a lot to be desired. There is a reason this place is so cheap! The rooms are nothing like what are advertised. Normally when you stay in a hote, you have complimentry shower gel/shampoo that kind of thing but not here - there was nothing. The toilet was situated so close to a wall, you had to sit at an angle. What I will say is the bed was comfortable and the TV was alright but thats about it. Breakfast was shocking - you had tea and coffee from urns, two toast machines which on the first morning, only one was working. They only offered white bread, coco pops (or something simular) and cornflakes - nothing really continental about it. I would seriously suggest re booking if you have the chance, I would definitely do so if I could!!!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Quite Possibly Worst Hotel Stay Ever!	Admittedly, this was a last minute reservation made through Hotels.Com website. When we arrived, it was immediately obvious that there was a problem. The room we had supposedly reserved, was not available. The lady at the desk, somewhat apologetic, informed us that instead of an ensuite room, we were getting stuck with what could only be described as the &quot;Dungeon Room.&quot; It took forever to sort things out, as she was on the phone with the Hotels.Com(Expedia) site trying to sort the situation out. Even after a lengthy delay, it did not seem anything was accomplished from her call.I told her that I had seen that room as an option, and I intentionally avoided it, because I refused to stay in a room without a bathroom. We were exhausted from a long red eye flight from New York, some time at the airport searching online for a room, and then a long subway ride into the city, complete with all our luggage. We had few options, and were forced to settle for what they had available. I did not feel like traipsing around London, so we took the room. I was told that my rate would be credited, since the non-ensuite room was $30-$40 US cheaper than what I had reserved and paid for. As of now, Hotels.Com has not issued a credit, and I plan to dispute that difference, if not the entire rate paid with my credit card company.The bed in the Dungeon room, was from the dark ages, and the springs pushing through the &quot;mattress,&quot; gave your back an invigorating massage, whether you wanted one or not. The &quot;tv,&quot; was a nice 9&quot; model, and may not have even had a remote. As already stated, there was no bathroom in the room. You had to walk down the hall, and in the morning, past the breakfast room, to find the shower &amp; toilet. I think we might have been the only unfortunate souls to use the bathroom.What made the Dungeon room so unique though, was the constant feeling that you might somehow die at any moment, if the ceiling caved in. Everytime someone walked up above you, the entire ceiling creaked Loudly. The room above was the reception area, so there was continued walking into the night, but thankfully eventually stopped in the later hours, before starting up again the next morning. This was the beginning of our trip, and we thought it might be over before it started, should the ceiling collapse upon us. Regardless, it was impossible to get any rest, with the constant creaking.My fiance checked out the breakfast, which I think was supposed to have some cooked to order stuff, and she said it didn't look like anything special, with not much really cooked to order. Can't really comment though, since I didn't check it out myself.So other than the screwup with the room reservation, the box springs from H*LL and a ceiling in desperate need of attention, our stay at Queens Hotel, at 33 Anson, London, was fantastic. There is a reason why the last 14 English ratings at Trip Advisor breakdown as 8 One's, 4 Two's, and 2 Three's. Save Yourself While You Can!!	
Jul 17 2009 	Cheap - helped me get a foothold in London	These days I'd never stay in a hotel like this because I'm used to the comfort of 4 star and above hotels, however when I first moved to London I booked a month in advance (Mon-Thurs - heading back home every Friday) at just £25 a night. In the end I think I stayed four months at the place, the low price meant I was saving money compared to getting my own place in London so I waited to make sure I was totally settled in to my new job before committing to renting my own apartment.The price tag should give the game away, don't expect too much, although I was told that I had been given one of their better rooms as I'd booked a block of weeks. I had no problems with the bed at the time, but these days I'm used to more comfortable beds and can imagine not being as happy. Back then I could sleep happily on a mates floor without issues.There were some odd retro touches in the hotel such as a very old poster of a tube map on the wall that had the Jubilee Line listed as under construction and known by it's original name, the Fleet Line and no Heathrow Terminal 4 on the map. I hope it was put there for historical value rather than to help their customers find their way around London.Location was fine, Tufnell Park station is on the Northern Line and it's also on the route of the 390 bus that runs by Kings Cross. My job was in Moorgate so getting to work was easy from here.Breakfast - I usually preferred to get something close to work so I could maximise sleep (I started at 8am), therefore I never tried the hotel breakfast.Rooms - they had both en-suite (i.e. either a bath or shower in the room) and regular (shared bathroom). My room had a shower. There's still a lot of small independent hotels in the UK like this.I had no problems with the staff, the ones I encountered were talkative and friendly.I'm a bit worried about some of these more recent reviews though, has maintenance been slipping? With prices as low as they charge I can imagine that there's not much budget for renovation.So would I recommend it? Well if you're starting a job in London and don't have much of a budget the hotel is worth checking out. When I expressed interest in booking this hotel as a temporary place to stay when I started my first London job they showed me the room they'd allocate me before I made any commitment. I think this is worth doing to ensure that you're happy staying there.If you're just visiting London for a couple of days holiday I'd say it's worth paying a bit extra for one of the cheaper chain hotels if you're on a budget (e.g Premier Inn) and if you're not on a budget then London has some really nice luxury hotels.	
Jun 17 2009 	You get what you pay for	The hotel is one hour by bus, and half hour by train. It is in south east london. Its 39 pound for a single and 49 pound for a double. Bring your own sheets because the linen has stains, as well as the towel. They donot have wi-fi. However its better then the hostels. If you need somewhere to stay try the princess B&amp;B, great place. They have there own website and their location is in king's cross.	
May 25 2009	appalling - should be closed	Part of a group, I saw such things as hairs in the bed, rather strange stains on the sheets and covers, holes in the walls, overall disgusting Luckily I brought handtowel from home to put on filthy and greasy pillowSome rooms in basement are even worseBreakfast is a further disgrace - hotels like this should be closed in a country like UK	
Apr 28 2009 	avoid this hotel	This Hotel needs closing down. Or at least a visit from Health and Safety...It is a fire risk... The place is FILTHY and smelly, grime, dust ,dirt,snot !!! Broken mirrors, broken chairs..Very rude kitchen staff, no manner , abrupt rude, insensitive...Water is running down the walls from the ceiling of the dining room onto a lightswitch...This was pointed out to the Staff...who said WE KNOW ABOUT IT ,BUT NOTHING IS EVER DONE ABOUT IT..???!! We spent one night at the place in April....after being woken at 3 in the morning by loud banging and shouting noises...WE WERE VERY GLAD TO LEAVE.....AVOID !!!!!!!	
Mar 23 2009 	Worst night in a hotel	Worst night ever. The rooms we were able to open even when they were shut and locked, this we realised on returning from a night out to find our rooms had been robbed. Staff were unwilling to help or compensate and offered no appologies for our loss. The decor and cleanlyness was undesirable and the shower was terrible. would not recommend to any friend or enemy.	
Feb 15 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in !	I cannot believe how hotels like this stay in business. If hotels could be struck off, then this one should have been years ago. It is in desperate need of complete redecoration or, more likely, demolition. The room was appalling, paint peeling, cracks in walls and ceiling, bathroom taps covered in limescale, bathroom window cracked and unlockable, curtains visably dirty. I cannot comment on breakfast as this is not served til 8.00 and I had to leave at that time.	
Dec 17 2008	you get what you pay for	it is as everywhere else: you get what you pay for. want the cheapest option close to vibrant camden town? there must be some downsides, and there are surely a few:1. the cleaniness is not one of the strengths of this hotel. myself being a camping lover for many years, i am not too picky when it comes to cleaniness, but this hotel can almost compare to that worn down camping place back then in portugal! it surely needs renovation.2. the doorlocks are a joke. certainly originally designed for cat cages or something like this, but not for hotel rooms.but then again, you won't find anything for this price in this area!	
Nov 23 2008 	Please avoid this hotel!!!! For your own health and safety	Avoid this hotel this hotel is absolutely disgusting with terrible service. Broken bed, dirty, cockroaches infected, would not recommend anyone to stay in this hotel. Staffs are rude and invasive. Not even fit for a quickie.	
Oct 21 2008 	Like time travelling back to 1960's	Truly awful, arrived to find our booking prepaid had been lost. Almost got turned away from door. Finally as I had printed receipt reluctanatly shown to a room.Bed very stained. Room tiny and dirty. Told we had not paid correct amount and tried to charge us again.Breakfast was OK, a very pleasant surprise.Parking on road outside was also OK.Definately not a place to go with children or when sober!	
Jul 2 2008 	Not too bad	Thought I'd put my penny's worth in. Stayed at the Queen's Mansions in September 2007 and it was okay. As another reviewer has already noted, it's pretty cheap and you basically get what you pay for. The single room had a single bed, small wardrobe, telly and an attached bathroom. The carpet had seen better days but the toilet was clean and the bed was only a little lumpy. The window in the bedroom didn't close properly, but the weather was warm and dry during my stay, so the slight breeze was actually rather pleasant. The staff were okay. So all in all, it wasn't bad for the price.	
Sep 10 2007	Important: health hazard!!!	PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do NOT stay in this place. I stayed there in July of this year and ended up in Hospital being badly bitten by bed bugs. My ankle was black and my arms were triple their size. Their matresses are crawling with bed bugs. Just look at it yourself if you're made enough to stay there. The curtains were SOOO dusty, the paint was coming off the toilet seat. There was stains on the ceiling. This place is a dive and should be closed down. The staff were not very apologetic towards me and told me that bed bugs were &quot;normal&quot; in a hotel. I only got half my money back. I beg you people PLEASE do not stay in this place. Also, there was people smoking drugs in the hallways and you do not feel safe there. Just stay away from it. My holiday was ruined over this place.	
Aug 30 2007	Never Again	Mix up with the bookings resulted in a triple becoming to doubles, how it's possible when the room was booked back in May!Although, we were not charged extra for this the first of the two rooms was terrible, there was none of the facilities as mentioned. No TV, the shower was grotty, the lights fused and weren't fixed until the next day with no alternative being offered.The second of the two rooms was dirty the carpet certainly hadn't been vacumed! The staff were friendly and the breakfast was good, albeit manic on Sunday morning. However, this will not persuade me to stay again.	
Jan 27 2007	one of the cheapest but certainly not the worst	Having read the reviews of this hotel, I am sorry the guests haven't talked with the staff. The staff is very helpfull, if you need something you get it immediately. Although the rooms look 'dingy' and ' grotty'. I find that you can't expect to much for your money. People tend to forget that this is probably the cheapest hotel in London wich still serves a small English breakfast without extra charge.The beds are clean, the bathroom is clean. And if you want a goodlooking hotelroom then please spend more money. We in the Netherlands have saying: &quot;Voor een dubbeltje op de eerste rang willen zitten&quot;. (translation: being seated ringside for a dime).And that, my good travellers, is simply out of the question in these times. You have to choose between chaep and not attracted or pay more for atrractive.	
Dec 8 2006 	Cheap grotty hole	While the bed itself was clean, the hotel is very badly in need of refurbishment.Halls are dark and dingy, mouldy dirty wallpaper in the rooms, formica tables and fittings.Heater in the bathroom didn't work and the shower was pretty minging and the windows are old &amp; single glazed.I'd only go back if there wasn't anywhere else to go - I'd travel to city airport / docklands travelodges first!	
Dec 4 2006 	S-h-o-c-k-i-n-g	Shocking, unless you like mould, damp and wet walls, grotty bathrooms etc 1 night in there is 1 too many. Toilet roll holder fell off, wallpaper tearing off, mould on the ceilings, slanted sockets and no draw knobs.	
Oct 27 2006	Give this place a miss!	We spent a night at this place last weekend. The room was at the end of a dark corridor with no working lights. The ceiling was stained and the carpet had an iron burn in it. The toilet seat was badly chipped, the toilet roll holder was broken and the shower only had half a door. The shower head was held up an ornamental hook which didn't hold it in position once it was on. All in all, it was very dated and if this is how it looks after refurbishment (allegedly) I dread to think what it was like before.Having said all the above, it appeared clean enough to the naked eye and the bed was quite comfortable, but I wouldn't stay here again unless I was desperate.We didn't risk the breakfast.	
Sep 8 2005	Grotty!	An awful experience - reception was unmanned and they had no record of our booking. The walls were grimy, and a large dead plant adorning the top of the stairwell just bout sums this rathole up. &quot;Hot Rock&quot; burns in the duvet cover and a tiny grotty room. Found a used razor from a previous guest in the shower cubicle. Breakfast wasn't bad, but not nearly enough to prevent us checking out just one night into a 4 day trip. Avoid! There are far better budget options out there.	
Oct 26 2009 	besser nicht		
Oct 4 2009 	Ca dépanne mais mieux vaut aller voir ailleurs		
Sep 28 2009 	Widerlich		
Aug 12 2008 	B		
Jul 17 2008 	simpatia e ospitalità al queens hotel di londra		
