Sep 22 2009 	Rock Star Chic........ it Ain't!!	Ok, when you bill a hotel with 5* rock chic there's a level of expectation, which frankly this hotel didn't live upto. While the decor is great it's the service that makes a stay. We have just returned from a weekend at the Sanctum and I can say I was very underwhelmed. We arrived on Saturday and on checking in was asked did we want papers for the following morning. (Sunday in London, papers over breakfast, fantastic). On waking up on Sunday morning and finding them not delivered I questioned reception, to be greeted with the reply that the &quot;newsagent wasn't open until 11am at which point they would be delivered&quot;. Not what I expect for a 5* hotel. I could have gone and got them myself by the time they had arrived. Additionally, when spening over £300 a night on a hotel room I don't expect to have to pay for a cup of tea at £5 or £3 for a biscuit, so two teas with biscuits would have cost £16. The bar prices would give you a coronary at approx £13 for a shot and a mixer (with 12% discretionary service added on top for good measure). I also had to get reception to reprogramme the plasm TV as it didn't work when we arrived. Hardly rockstar in my book.While this is undoubtedly a great location for Soho and the Westend better value for money could be had for less money. The rooms are small if not well presented with great furnishings but hardly entourage size. If I where a rockstar..........I wouldn't stay here	
Sep 9 2009 	Laid back Rock star chic	I had heard about The Sanctum in the press and it certainly lived up to it's billing. Upon my arrival, the bowler hatted door man / chief welcomer / hotel guide greeted me, dealt with my car and my bags, got me checked in and showed me my room all in the blink of an eye. His presence and great sense of humour continued for the rest of my one night stay. And upon departure he cleaned my windscreen and wing mirrors! It was one of the very few times that any hotel member of staff really deserved the tip I gave him.My superior double room was quite small but full of atmosphere along with a Wii console, Ipod docking station, a very comfortable hard bed and a great bathroom.Listening to various other conversations going on around me in both the ground floor and roof top bar, the whole hotel appeared to be full of successful musicians doing deals and debating who was going to direct their new video. Full that is apart from the vast array of gorgeous model type females, some of whom appeared to be part of the decoration. Dinner was followed by a couple of hours at the fantastic roof top bar. It's bubbling, open air jacuzzi was ignored in favour of admiring the aforementioned decoration and late night cocktails.My only minor gripe was the overly laid back service especially at both the roof bar and breakfast which took ages to arrive inspite of only having two other guests to serve. But then again, the staff are probably used to serving rock stars slowly recovering from the previous night's excesses. Of course the rooms and drinks are expensive but the constant buzz, glamour, excitement and great location make this hotel the hottest in town.	
Sep 3 2009 	Rockstar	We chose to stay here for 1 night on our honeymoon after a friend recommended it. We had no idea what to expect.... When we arrived we were greeted by the concierge - lovely. We were asked where we wanted to go for dinner and were surprised to hear he should get us in practically anywhere we wanted. Our initial plans of a pub dinner where quickly substituted for Nobu (I know... we didn't go all out but it's nice to know we could have!)We stayed in the Deluxe Junior Suites which was very small for the money but ever so cool. The black bathroom, multiple TVs, oversized bar and comfy bed were very fitting with the rockstar theme. Late check out is also nice as was the cocktails on the roof. It was only partially opened and we were surrounded by press and PR people which added to the whole rocktar experience. The hotel is expensive and flawed at times but their whole positioning is about experiencing the rockstar lifestyle and you definitely get a sense of that staying here. Would I recommend it? If you don't mind spending big and are after something a little bit different, absolutely. But it's not for everyone.	
Jul 26 2009 	Smart 	My husband took me as a surprise birthday present we had an amazing room, all silver, black and the chrome!! The hot tub and roof top bar were perfect for having a few post dinner cocktails and chillng out!! The concierge Marty was brilliant warm, welcoming and all the staff are very helful, loation is great just off Regent Street but the hotel itself was not too noisy or busy.Had breakfast which was not included in the £400 price for 1 night which I think is a tad cheeky £10.00 a cup of tea &amp; full english is about £15.00 so not cheap	
Jul 23 2009 	Sparkly modern rooms fabulous location	Judging by the two reviews below, this hotel has taken a good few months to sort itself out, but every place has teething problems initially! Personally, I've never seen such a sexy looking hotel - it's like something you'd expect to see boy bands and perfect-haired celebs pouring out of in a crowd of paparazzi flashes. OK, so the lifts still weren't working when we arrived the other day. The concierge had to carry our bags up four flights of velvety carpeted stairs, and it wasn't working the next morning either. But to be honest, it was a minor hassle. Our room, although small, was really funky! It had a rocket for a bathroom faucet and wing commander style taps. The shower wasn't too powerful, but always hot. We loved the black ceramic toilet.... what? Is that a really, ridiculously &quot;adult&quot; thing to say? There was a TV over the toilet, too. Flatscreen, stuck to the wall. Not sure why,... the bath was at the wrong angle to watch it, and as it's above the loo you'd have to be a bloke taking a pretty long wee wee to watch it. Can't fault the idea though. I might add that the bed was very soft. I lost my boyfriend somewhere in the middle of the night - think he sunk in a swirl of fabrics and feather pillows. Not ideal if you suffer from a bad back (or claustrophobia) but rather endearing if you've always wondered what it's like to sleep on a cloud.Didn't have breakfast so can't comment on that, but if you step outside, take a right and then a left, you're on Carnaby street. Just off that we found &quot;The Diner&quot; which has all manner of yummy breakfast treats in an American style setting, and better still, for lunch, two doors down is &quot;Mother Mash&quot; which serves the most outstanding pie, sausages and mash. Oh so English!Back to the hotel... it's a bit like stepping into Moulin Rouge, through the old style revolving doors the lobby is dark and draped seductively in red and silver velvets and mahogony. The bar to the right was never busy but looked extremely modern - no surprise, seeing as it's just been finished. According to this, there's a rooftop jacuzzi! Never knew about that... didn't go up there and wasn't informed it was there. I think that's a bit of a shame really, as having lived in London for a long time and only just coming back as a visitor, it would have been nice to see something like that - the sights of Soho must be fabulous from that height. Will check it out next time.The Sanctum still needs to iron a couple of things out but all in all it looks as though it's getting there. The location is amazing too - 10 mins walk to the middle of Oxford Street and only a short cab ride back from Primark with all my bargains!	
Jul 15 2009 	All style with no substance	Stayed in a ‘crash pad’ which is nicely done out but tiny. We should have seen the signs when on arrival we had to wait outside our room as management were giving prospective guests a ‘room viewing’ and seemed to think it hilarious that we had arrived at an inconvenient time. The room has nowhere to hang anything, so the suit ended up on the floor. The roof terrace is a nice place to have a drink, but bizarrely has a large flat screen TV on an outside wall. As the only people in the area at the time we asked if it could be turned off or at least the volume turned down. Apparently not!Our real issue was the uncontrolled noise. We were kept awake all night by what the desk staff called a ‘small celebration’ on the roof terrace. Unfortunately it wasn’t confined to the terrace, but included the corridors, other rooms and extended to people running through the hotel knocking on other guest’s rooms. It didn’t go quiet until 05:30, half an hour before our alarm call. When we checked out we received an apology and the offer that anything we had taken from the mini bar was on the house. Our small bottle of coke did not make up for staying in this hotel. Even having pointed out this flaw in their compensation plan, we were charged full rate for the room (£201) and for our drinks on the terrace. Agree with the previous contributor’s comment. The hotel is not complete. The lift didn’t work and the drain in the bathroom, which is a wet room, could not cope if you had the shower on full pressure.Unfortunately London has more than it’s fair share of poor hotels in London. This one is to be avoided	
Apr 30 2009 	Overpriced overcharged not finished.	I recently spent one night here to celebrate an anniversary. Having booked the &quot;Deluxe Junior Suite&quot; less than 48 hours before arrival, I was nonetheless informed on check-in that this suite was not available, and that I had been upgraded to a &quot;Loft Suite&quot;, &quot;at no extra cost&quot; (what else?).The room was impressive, if a bit small for a suite, nicely designed with a sparkly theme and a comfy (albeit soft) bed. However, it didn't have the round bed and the mirror that were a feature of the room I originally booked.I was then less than impressed when I checked on the web and found out that the &quot;upgraded&quot; room was in fact CHEAPER than the one I originally booked. So I was given a downgrade &quot;at no extra cost&quot;. I pointed this out the next morning, but the receptionist was adamant that the prices on the Internet and the published literature were &quot;wrong&quot;. He did check and called me back later, confirming that I had indeed been downgraded, and that they would charge me a lower rate. Still, I felt lied to and cheated -- not only did I not get the room I wanted and booked, but they also tried to make pay for the privilege of being downgraded.The room itself was OK, but even at the discounted &quot;soft opening&quot; rates, rather optimistically priced. The finish was generally poor, the shower didn't work (either boiling hot or freezing cold), and the promised &quot;selection of Sky channels&quot; turned out to be Freeview. We were moved to the &quot;penthouse&quot; because of the non-working shower, which was nice, but hardly bigger, and (together with the second bedroom) listed at £3,500 a night!The relative pricing of the rooms simply doesn't make sense here -- the cheaper rooms are good value, given the location, but anything more becomes significantly more expensive without really offering much morevalue.Service was amateurish, if friendly -- &quot;soft opening&quot;, I guess. The roof terrace with the jaccuzzi was very, very nice and the highlight of the hotel.In summary, overpriced, over-hyped, and lied to.	
Apr 22 2009 	Not finished!	I stayed at this hotel last week (15th April 2009). It claimed to have been open two weeks, but a lot of the hotel wasn't finished yet. The lift was being painted, two floors weren't finished and there was a builder in my room when I arrived!I'm not sure they should have accepted my booking but in fairness they gave me some champagne and then didn't charge us for the room when we complained, so the remainder of this review is what I think the hotel will be like, not what it is now.Great location. Reasonable price. Brand new. They've made a real effort in the decor and in places you can see where they've cut some costs but in general it's pretty good. The rooftop bar and a jacuzzi were a nice surprise.I'd recommend this hotel if you were looking for a place to crash after a night out in town. Great in the summer if you fancy a beer after the pubs have closed.	
