	Not as bad as others found it!	So....with much fear after reading reviews on this place my friend and I ventured to this hotel for a two night stay. We had booked a while ago (the most recent reviews were really bad!). On arrival yes I had to hand over a card. But the guy at the desk was courteous enough and I couldn't be bothered making a fuss. I have stayed in far worse places than this. We never found the staff rude at all! The room was very clean, spacious enough with a fridge, little cooker and microwave. The bed admittedly wasn't the best but after two days trekking round London we slept well. The location is fab! Both Bayswater and Queensway are so close. The road these stations are on are packed with restaurants. I have to say visit Cafe Roma for breakfast, this little gem can be found on the way to the underground if you go right out of the hotel. Bus stop round the corner can get you to Oxford Street and Victoria Station. In a nutshell, if you want luxury, pay for it! If you want a decent budget hotel in a good location, this is fine!	
Nov 25 2009 	oh gosh jus a visit wos bad enough let alone stay one night!	i visited the hyde park todai just to view it before i booked it to save money LUCKILY i did view it not book it! .. staff was VERY RUDE! the lady soooooooooooooooooooooooooo RUDE! unbelievable, the rooms were terrible, thats right underground. jus a small boxed room and a small toilet.. so tiny.. felt isolated.. ! would not recommend. im gna look for something bterr!!!	
Nov 25 2009 	excellent hotelexcellent service excellent location couldnt ask for more.	Just back from a 2night trip in london and stayed in Hyde Park Executive Apartments. was a little scared as reviews werent that great! they were amazing rooms for the price your paying, great value. when we arrived, we were given one of the standard rooms, with a double bed. it was really spacious and had great amenties, but as we left the room, we found that the lock to our door was dodgy, so we informed reception and they moved us to another room asap! they also upgraded us to a bigger more spacious room as a result, where we had 2 double beds. we were very happy. the beds arnt the greatest, but nevertheless, i slept fine on them!! Top marks for services here. Definetly would come back and recommend this hotel!	
Nov 14 2009 	Absolutely awful would not recommend to anyone!!	I stayed on business at this...what can only be described as a hostel. At check in I was asked to write my credit card details, including expiry date on a piece of A4 paper and provide ID before I could collect my key. When I got into my room it was certainly neither executive or an apartment. There was a kitchenette with a bar type chair, 2 feet of space and then a bed and wardrobe. The bed was like a campbed with sheets that were full of holes. On closer inspection there were bits of food around the bed and nail clippings on the mat next to the bed. I left at 6.30pm to get something to eat (as the cooking utensils consisted of a couple of pots, and the cutlery 2 spoons and a knife!) when I got outside there was a fist fight outside the next door property with a group of lads watching from the door (I later found out it was a hostel). As some-one else has commented it is like sleeping in the same room as your neighbours, I had to sleep with my ipod on to drown out next door!! I checked out the next morning and went to stay at a hotel. If you are backbacking or don't really mind getting no sleep, waking up with bruises from the mattress and being in a room with other peoples nail clippings and old food then by all means book in here. Otherwise spend your hard earned money somewhere else.	
Oct 23 2009 	Executive Apartments? I don't even know where to start...	I have just checked out a few hours ago, I never write hotel reviews but I feel compelled to tell you a bit more about this place and to get it out of my system. First of all the name of the place is ludicrous: Hyde Park Executive Apartments, who are they kidding! It's certainly round the corner from Kensington Gardens and the Bayswater location is outstanding for Notting Hill, the West End and the City but these are certainly not apartments - more like bedsits with kitchenettes - and there's nothing remotely executive about the place - it's not just understaffed, it's not even staffed at all... Having said that it was &quot;only&quot; £70 a night, arguably a bargain in central London.It's probably the worst bed I've ever stayed in, and that includes years of backpacking in Asia and South America, and stays at the infamous mansions in Hong Kong. I've had a stiff back &amp; shoulders the whole week. The bed is tiny as well in width but also in length (I'm only 5'11'' - it's not like I'm 6'4&quot;). What's described as a flat screen LCD TV is suspended over the bed like a CCTV camera and without a remote control. Insulation is really poor and I could hear my neighbours going to the toilets at 2am. Quite gross. There was an unpleasant smell coming from the bathroom (apart from that the bathroom was the best feature of the room).Surely calling it Apartments is the best excuse for the absence of reception and room service. The guy at check in was chatting to his mates during 2 minutes before he took notice of my presence. I had to produce a piece of ID upon check-in (luckily I'm French - the UK has no official ID). And I was appalled that I had to agree to a £500 guarantee on my credit card. I had to write my card number on a piece of paper and I was just assured this morning that the piece of paper would be discarded. Now I will check my bank account every week to make sure that they don't overcharge me.I certainly wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!	
Oct 7 2009 	Apartments? would not say so	How can you sell rooms underground! Rooms are all white, impersonal, and not clean. And beware, you are sleeping with your neighbors, first time I have seen such a bad insulation. Not to be recommended.	
Sep 28 2009 	fantastic location great value for where it is	intended for long-stay (theres a microwave and fridge etc), the bed was a little uncomfy but that much space in that location, for that price?! amazing.	
Sep 19 2009 	certainly not 4 star	If you think you're booking a decent sized 4* apartment, let's just say you get what you pay for. Good location, clean rooms, however.....our room was positively tiny and the double bed was more like an oversized single. There was also no where to store our suitcases. So, if you think you're getting a bargain '4* executive apartment', think again- it's more of a postage stamp like space with a kitchen sink!	
Sep 15 2009 	Hardly executive and clearly NOT a hotel.	This hotel, if one can call it that, is a complete joke! Upon arrival we were told our bed is at mezzanine level and asked if we’d have a problem with that. What we weren’t told is that by mezzanine level they implied that we had to literally crawl into bed for the floor to ceiling height was a miserable 4 feet! As soon as we were shown to the room we asked to be changed, but of course there was no other room available, only mezzanine level ones. The following morning, after my husband had banged his head 3 times trying to get out of bed during the night, we demanded a different room or threatened we would leave, and of course by miracle an other room was instantly found: a basement room with only one window lit by a 4 story light well. Fortunately we had so many things to do while in London and didn’t have to stay in the room for very long. As nice and helpful the people at this hotel may have been, I would never stay in this place ever again.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent location clean and comfortable	Perfect short stay as location is just around the corner from Kensington Park and only a short walk to tube station. Was a bit put off with other negative comments about the beds but we found it comfortable enough. Everything was very clean and nothing really to complain about apart from extra pillows and no hair dryer! Our room was a nice size and although we were next to a youth hostel, noise level didn't bother us at all. I would definately book this apartment again!	
Aug 31 2009 	Something less than was expected	This was a massive disappointment for a number of reasons. First off, this place was advertised specifically as an apartment, and it was encouraging to walk to the front thinking it looks absolute class.Once opening the room, I felt entitled to expect a bit more than just a room with virtually no space to relax, the double bed taking up the large percentage of the room and nowhere to sit other than two fairly uncomfortable bar stools.The ironing board was a complete joke and almost unusable. There was no hairdryer available for the room and we had to specifically request it., which is unacceptable by the standard of most modern hotel rooms, let alone a supposedly serviced apartment. The wardrobe had three coathangers.The crockery amounted to a milk pan and a frying pan and the icing on the cake was when attempting to cook breakfast in the morning, the toaster managed to set off the smoke detector which is cleverly positioned adjacent to the hobs. We could also hear the smoke detector going off in other adjacent rooms too. The doors hardly close quietly so you can hear just about everything going on.A plasma TV was advertised, it was pinned in above the bed with the reality being analogue service with four channels not even corresponding to the remote control. Thank god we brought an I-Pod station.The room was not even serviced once and the towels/bedding were not changed once throughout the stay. The shower was barely enough to swing a cat in and the basin for the bathroom tiny.I will also add the lifts seem to take for ever to get from one floor to the next, and the corridors are about 60 degrees celsius so always have your window open and fans switched on.On the positive side, its brilliantly located for the tube stations and various amenities, but that's hardly a credit to the place itself. In my view they are quite fortunate to have other facilities in close proximity, without which this is something I couldn't even come close to recommending it.We may have got a much smaller room than others that may exist, and I'd recommend it only if you are utterly desperate just for somewhere to sleep and sleep only, but for the £190 we paid for two nights, I'd want a bit more and advise that if that's the summit of what you want, try and find a hostel or similar. To try and call something like this an apartment is a joke - its more like a hotel minus breakfast or anything resembling room service.I had a fantastic weekend in London, but I have little reason to thank this nadir of a place.	
Aug 25 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for	We were looking for something simple and inexpensive for our honeymoon. We live in a big city and wanted to feel as if we were living in London for a week. This place definitely gave us that feeling. We didn't mind that the room didn't get cleaned or the towels switched out while we were there. It was worth the money we saved and better for the environment. The size was perfect. Our view out the window wasn't spectacular, but it didn't matter because all we needed to do in the room was shower and sleep. The kitchenette was an added bonus that allowed us to keep milk in the fridge and eat cereal and a banana every morning to save money. We got the deluxe room with a double bed. It was not a high quality bed but we both slept perfectly fine. The entire place was furnished in Ikea. The place was extremely clean. We liked that there was free wirelss internet in the lobby and we actually got the signal in our room as well. The staff was so friendly. We liked how we had the feeling we were in our own apartment in the city, coming and going without much fuss. The location was excellent! We used the underground for all our transportation and everything was a short ride away. Hyde Park is walking distance which was nice. There is a Tesco and Post Office right nearby. Air conditioning might have been nice but we don't have it back at home in Chicago so we didn't mind. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable place to stay in London with privacy and clean facilities. If you are looking for someone to clean up after you every day while you sit in your room and stare out the window and sleep all day, this is not the place for you. (My 50-something parents might not have been so comfortable on the bed.)	
Aug 24 2009 	Stay clear of this shack.	would not reccommend this place to anyone.room was tiny.blown bulbs in bedroom and bathroom.broken tile in bathroom which i cut my toe on.very very dirty - walls, floors.Staying there for 6 nights and there wasn't even a chair to sit down on - the whole reason we booked an apartment.Surely when your in that business you should know when someone is staying for 6 nights they need a resonably comfortable room.we stayed on 3rd floor. 3 evenings we came back the lift was broken so we had to use the stairs, not good- hallways and stairways were so hot with no windows, vents etc. and definately no aircon. sweltering heat.internet only in lobby and even at that its only wireless and very hard to connect.cost us £485 for 6 nights which was an absolute joke. will not be staying there again. and i was as good as told the reason room was so bad was because i booked it through centralr.com. and not directly through them.	
Aug 21 2009 	Clean and centralshame about the heat.	It's been said before,you get what you pay for,and at £80 a night for central London in August not everything can be perfect.,The name of the hotel is a bit of a misnomer as the rooms are neither apartments or executive.They are,however, centrally located,close to lots of eating establishments,supermarkets and tube stations.Our room was spotlessly clean,the staff were friendly and helpful,but we did have to supply photo ID and sign to agree for up to £500 to be taken from our debit card for any breakages.Unfortunately we stayed on what must be 2 of the hottest days of the summer,and the heat was unbelievable in the room and we were bathed in sweat the entire time we were in there.If they could just sort out that problem this would be a great place to stay.	
Aug 2 2009 	Small Uncomfortable Apartments	I stayed here with my partner for 6 nights and when I booked the accommodation was described as 4* Deluxe Double Room. This description was very misleading as the service provided was far from 4* and the room was certainly not Deluxe. The apartments are only serviced once per week so you had to ask for additional clean towels and toilet paper. We had to change rooms after the first night as the mattress was the most uncomfortable we had ever slept on as we could feel the hard springs all over our bodies. The bed in the second room was marginally better but being on the front of the hotel very noisy at night. This was not from traffic but from a nearby hostel where sad youths seemed to spend all night (at least until 3 am) talking and yelling to each other. There was no air conditioning so it was a choice of suffering the noise or being stifled by heat and lack of air.We would definitely not stop in this hotel again or indeed this area of London where 90% of hotels are inferior to the description under which they are sold.?	
Jul 24 2009 	It's an apartment not a hotel	My wife and I arrived during the heat wave at the end of June. Arriving Saturday afternoon, it was hot and we suffered through one night heat was our first impression of London and Hyde Park Apartment.The staff were great, personable, courteous and helped when they could. Our room was supposed to have a remote for the TV. When we inquired, the front desk person said someone must have taken it and he would have to buy one. Being on the weekend, we didn't pursue the matter but the remote didn't show up over our week stay. However, with only 3 channels available (not satellite - just basic cable), there really wasn't a need.We picked the smaller double room: double bed, large closet, small kitchenette and bath. The window over looked the street. For us, it was comfortable. We were prepared for smaller rooms coming from Canada. We also didn't have much luggage and was on a budget so the size was exactly what we expected. During the heatwave, if not for the fan we got on Monday, we would have switched rooms. There was a room across from ours that overlooked the alley. Not a great view but likely a little more quiet and more spacious. It was a double room, furniture was the same size but floor space was twice as wide. Two windows so you could keep the open at night and not hear the noise from the street.The bed was comfortable, although we slept on the duvet and used the extra large towels for bedding due to the heat. If not for the fan we got on Monday, I would have paid a little more and switched rooms for one facing the alley.The bathroom was a good size but the shower was quite small even for me. I’m about 5’8 and bending down was difficult. Others have posted pictures and it’s evident.The doors have two locks. Great for us as the top bolt did not work properly and never did get fixed.Positives:Good location - 2 minutes from Hyde Park (beautiful), a block away from Queensway and Bayswater metro station, a block from all restaurants, grocery store and mall.Well stocked kitchenette - enough dishes &amp; pots to make your own meals. But with so many good restaurants, it’s mostly heating up leftovers.Clean – when we arrived. Room service on the weekends only but extra towels and toiletries available if needed.Free Wi-Fi – best down at the reception desk but we found our connection on the third floor good enough for web email and basic surfing. Perhaps because our room was directly over the front desk on the third floor. Not sure but saved the trouble of having to go down to the lobby.Washer + Dryer – coin operated availableElevator – especially if on the upper floors and have luggageNegatives:Noisy – Inverness (street) has many other apartments/hotels/hostels and close to busy streets. On the weekends and most nights, hostel crowd/friends were up fairly late and loud. Would have been better if the window was closed but due to the heat we left the window open. Not too much street traffic though.Location – a little far from central London. But if you get a tourist pass, the tube will take you everywhere. Apartment – this is not a hotel. So you’re room won’t be cleaned daily, not safety deposit box, usually one staff on site, Access – only one key per room. Not great if you want to do your own thing even if it’s the two of you. The front entrance is locked all the time but at least there is someone at the front desk to let you in for most of the day.Overall a good stay for those that do not need pampering, need a bed to sleep, basic amenities and the flexibility of a kitchenette. Would go back again.	
Jul 24 2009 	bed fit for a child	i compleaty understand what people are saying when they say the size of the apartment. it is tiny. thats the best word for it. its a tiny stuffy studio &quot;apartment&quot; with no room to breath let alone walk around. you walk in the door, 2 steps and thats it. first of all, it was very clean. thats all that was good really. stayed for 3 nights and not once were the towells replaced. we even had to buy more toilet paper as the hotel reception kept ignoring our request. this was the same for the towells. the bed was a big single and there was no hair dryer!!!!!! madness. it really fools you on the website calling them luxury. the area looks quite nice but the buildings surrounding are actually all hostels full of rowdy students hanging around all the time!!!! the area does seem a bit scary but it is so close to everything so it didnt bother us too much. all in all, i would not return here again stay in a proper hotel, where service is actually provided and where everyone doesnt literally look at u like u have 6 heads each time u walk into the main reception area. it was so annoying.	
Jul 17 2009 	Lovely Surprise.	Wasnt expecting much as paid a low price on lasminute.comBut was lovely, very fresh and clean, immaculate bathroomHelpful staffLovely kitchen area, very well equipped.Excellent location.Would definately go back.	
Jul 12 2009 	A work still in progress - reception staff was exceptionally nice	We checked in to Hyde Park Executive Apartments and I asked for a room on the courtyard. I was told this was in the basement and we would probably prefer the room on the 4th floor. It was very small and on the front of the building - very noisy and hot.As we left for dinner, I asked the reception person about our room as it was supposed to be deluxe and I was curious what the difference was in deluxe and the room we had. He promptly upgraded us to the room on the courtyard in the basement. It was a little tricky remembering how to get to the room from the elevator, but we thought it was funny/strange and always made it to our room. The room in the basement was twice as big as the 4th floor room, much quieter and had a second bed in the room. This worked out well for us.The bathroom floor was dirty and had several hairs on the marble floor - I mentioned this to the man at reception and we talked about how they were still a work in progress.I've travelled alot and know that rooms in Europe are usually smaller and not air conditioned. This is the same at Hyde Park Executive Apartments. We got a cable to use the internet in our room for 6 pounds/day. We were there for 2 nights and both of us slept comfortably. The main bed in the room could use a thicker mattress because when you get into bed, you scrape your leg on the bed frame - a thicker mattress would help prevent this.Overall, the hotel was nice and had excellent security for entering and leaving the hotel.The neighborhood was a little scary at night and as a woman, I would not want to be alone returning to the hotel. It is close to the tube station and right across from Hyde Park. It was decent for the cost but I wouldn't want a long stay at this hotel.	
Jul 9 2009 	nothing 'executive' about this place!	After looking at the name of the hotel I was quite excited, however once we opened the door to the apartment (If you can call it that, it should be more appopriately name a room with a small kitchen!) after walking across slippery glass walkways to our room, we were somewhat disappointed. We walked into a small very stuffy room. There were food stains on the duvet cover and mould in the bathroom. The only good thing about our stay was the location, only about ten minutes walk from the tube but for me that was the only good thing about this hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	Only stay here if you really just want a bed for the night	We booked here to stay for 4 nights at the start of a month long trip. It was good value for money and the pictures looked nice on the website. When we arrived it was impressive from the outside and the reception area was lovely. From there on we were disappointed. We booked a deluxe room - they tried to put us in the basement to start with. The room was right next to a drain that was pouring with water and felt like we were in a dungeon. They were happy to show us another room but this one was not much better. We were 2 friends travelling together and knew we were going to be sharing a bed which was fine, except when we saw the bed and it was barely bigger than a single. The room was very sterile - all white and the floors outside the room creaked whenever someone walked past. We ended up only lasting 2 nights here (they refunded us for one night but charged us for the other night) as we got so sick there was no way we could sleep in the tiny bed. The only positive was the excellent location - right opposite Hyde Park, walking distance to Notting Hill, Portabello market and Oxford St and close to Tube stations. Would be OK if you really were only planning to sleep here and not sharing a bed.	
Jul 2 2009 	I would never recommend this place	The location is good as it is within a few minutes walk to two tubes and bus stops nearby. No AC and we begged for a fan...no luck. There are no wash cloths to clean the kitchenette OR in the bathroom. Towels are NOT replaced. There was no coffee pot provided either. No blow dryer and if you want to fix your hair, you have to rely on the reflection of the microwave as a mirror. No place tt other than a bar stool or the bed...which is horrible. We could feel the springs in the mattress and it is so short your feet hit the footboard. The floor was dirty and if barefoot our feet were black.The staff was friendly and you can leave your bags before/after check in/out for a 5 pound charge. I will say I was surprised when we picked up our bags, there was no checking if they were indeed our bags. If you plan on a trip in the summer heat, and plan on spending anytime during the day in your room, this is not the place to stay.	
Jun 28 2009 	Hmmmmmmmmm strangely enjoyable stay if improvisation is your idea of fun	Arrived at apartments 25th June mid afternoon, having booked via internet in March (before consulting TripAdvisor.)15 minutes to check in as a polite receptionist juggled phone, staff queries and customers. Went through checkin with hiccup of not having photo ID despite having printed e mail confirmation of booking and living in the UK but as we had card used to make booking we were allowed to pay up front for three nights.Then told that only rooms left were on ground and lower ground floor, but &quot;thats probably for the best as it is hot&quot;Went down in lift to the room. which was pretty much as expected. The bathroom though small was clean and modern bathsheets and handtowels provided.5 of the ceiling lights were not working which in a basement is unfortunate. so I raised the roller blind to survey the view. A small grey yard about 12 foot square with three other windows looking over it and two doors leading through it. If you raised the window and stuck your head out you and looked up about 20 feet above you could see a railing edging the street behind the property.....stunning. It also had the advantage that the two doors were used as a route between the adjoining houses so if the blind was raised people wandering through could wave at you.My husband asked to see another room and returned to say this one on the ground floor was further disadvanted by having the bed in an alcove so that to get in or out you had to climb over the end of the bed. Our room had one side free of the wall at least.So we settled for what we had. We manhandled the bed away from the wall it was on so that I didnt have to climb over him to get out of bed, and I sent him searching for a hairdryer as none were provided in the room. He returned with one from reception that had seen better days which I held onto for the three days as dripping up there everytime I wanted to dry my hair seemed ridiculous.After an excellent shower I dried my hair using the microwave door as a mirror as no mirror except in the bathroom. Obviously executives have no hair!Once we had got used to living underground we realised we were lucky as we didn't suffer the street noise that other rooms did and we could open our windows fully when we were in the room and awake, though we were not so keen to risk this at night with the access route running past.I took the mattress off and relocated the two slats that had come out and after the this the bed was quite comfortable though the mattress was a real cheapy. It was so hot when we stayed that I don't think anything but aircon would have worked though a fan might have been useful.All this having been said we had a good stay and this was because of its brilliant location. Take the word executive out of the name and expectations might be more realistic.	
Jun 26 2009 	Cockroaches in the room - bad night - no apology	At first glance the room looked ok. However, on returning to the room after going in to town and turning on the light two cockroaches ran under the bed. having found the 'Night Receptionist' he said that he would have to contact the manager and see what could be done as he wasn't sure there were any other rooms available. It was some time that he was able to get back to us to say that he had found another room. We settled to bed (very unconfortable) at about 2pm to get up for work at 7am in the morning. At no point, even after contacting the agent, has the hotel apologised for the problems we had - even suggesting that it was unbelievable.	
Jun 14 2009 	Take the "executive" off the name	=Accommodation: A sinking double bed, a large window opening to the street and some modern kitchen furniture in a compact but rather well laid-out whole. But the room was also rather chilly, partly because the window was fully open at the time of arrival, but at least it had been closed by the time I arrived back at the room later that evening, although I still had to go down to hunt for a duvet which was not present. With luck the desk clerk was able to find one, but that was a strange oversight in the first place. Even more disturbing (along with such local idiosyncracies like the need to lock the door with the key after closing it -- at least nothing became unaccounted for...) was the loosely clanging door between this and the room next door, which of course did nothing to improve the already non-existent soundproofing between the rooms. The bathroom and room itself were spotless and with a more modern, Scandinavian touch, but with the temperature inside both also more akin to Swedish Lapland in autumn (without mosquitoes). For the hotel's somewhat demanding name, as well as for the price -- although far from especially expensive for London, but nevertheless the most expensive in my whole trip -- one might be tempted to expect a bit more than was the case.=Location: Rather nice, just off Hyde Park and with excellent connections to surface and sub-surface transport. Along a picturesque colonnaded terrace that can also make finding the hotel a bit difficult the first time.=Other: Steel-encased elevator (nice) and the infuriating motion controlled, automatically-turning-off corridor lighting (not nice). No complimentary refreshments (along the accommodation concept).=Personnel: Friendly and helpful young personnel, which nevertheless could do only so much to overcome some of the oversights.=Verdict: No-frills living quarters with the back-packer-friendly kitchenette amenities -- a somewhat chilly experience in a modernly decorated but dubiously soundproofed double.	
Jun 6 2009 	Nice rooms poor facilities excessive extra charges etc poor service.	The name of the place is of course ridiculous, but the lcoation is great and the rooms are fine and have a nice modern feel abou them. The beds are rubbish, the cooking equipment is laughable, and the last couple of times I stayed there I have found too many other peoples' hairs lying around on the floor. But my main gripes are the attempt to get photographic ID off you when you arrive (the place is Spanish run, but they need to adjust to the UK) and the requirement to give a credit card agreement to the tune of £500 for any damage you cause - totally excessive. Then it'll cost you £6 a day for internet connection and another £6 if you want to leave anything in the baggage room. The reception is also understaffed so it'll take you forever to check in etc. I won't be putting myself through this again.	
Jun 2 2009 	No Air-con	Do not stay in this hotel if the weather forecast is hot and sunny. There is no air-con, making the rooms unbearably hot. It was cooler outside than in.Rooms are basic, there are cooking facilities, but there is no way they could used due to the heat.The location is good. They're close enough if you want to go Oxford Street etc, but far enough away to have a chilled afternoon at a local boozer/cafe.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent location HORRIBLE BED!	There seems to be a consensus about this place that I totally agree with. Unfortunately I read the reviews after booking but couldn't really do much by then. Strangely I left feeling happy to have been there but I think thats mainly down to the location and the time I had during the trip. Right off bayswater station, next to Hyde Park, everything around that you'd need and on the circle line. Can't complain. The bathroom was very clean too. Other than that not great. The room was small and stuffy in the hot weather. I agree with other reviewers that the floor would have been more comfortable than the mattress, it really was horrendous to sleep on!! Springs everywhere, one pillow, too short.The fact that its an 'apartment' with a kitchen really is more of a gimmick than anything else. If you're staying less than a week then I'd just go for a normal hotel room...we only ended up using the fridge. And as we discovered when we got there...the extra money paid for a &quot;deluxe&quot; room simply kept us from being in the basement or first floor!	
May 13 2009 	Not so clean but great location	Sooo, perhaps we were just unlucky, but our room wasn't all that clean...There were paint stains on the sofas, forks were still dirty and there were lipstick marks on the coffee cups...The only clean thing was the bathroom (also quite spacious). The mattress was of poor quality, we could feel all the bed' springs. Would I stay there again? Surprisingly, yes. Location is perfect, 30 seconds of walk from two major tube stations, which makes everything easily accessible. The staff was nice and helpful and the room was spacious despite the lack of cleanliness. If you do choose the Hyde Park Apartment however, I have to warn you: there is no sugar, milk, coffee, tea, laundry soap, etc. in the room and they don't sell it at the front desk.	
May 13 2009 	Unappealing cross between a Travelodge and a bedsit	Good location but small, unwelcoming rooms with thin walls, tiny and uncomfortable mattresses together with suspect cleanliness. Only &quot;executive&quot; if you normally live in a shed. Even though only paid £90/night, it was entirely unimpressive.	
May 1 2009 	Great Place to Stay!	We stayed in these apartments for 2 nights this week and thought they were great!I checked the reviews before we left and was a bit worried about the mattresses and soon found that we had every right to be - the bed just wasn't comfortable with either the mattresses (springs digging into our backs) or just having one pillow each. We stayed in a double room - the kitchen was great and was a lot of the reason we wanted an apartment so we could buy some food from the supermarket and eat there rather than spending money out on every meal which worked out really well. The apartment was very small but to be honest we were only there to sleep and have breakfast so we didn't care. It was very clean, but extremely warm and we had to leave the window open all the time which was annoying at night when there were loud people outside. The location of these apartments was FANTASTIC - there are two tube stations within a minutes walking distance and Paddington Station is only 5 mins away by cab. There are heaps of shops, including a shopping mall, a number of pubs and 2 x Tescos stores all only a minute walk away which was great.We left our bags at the apartments on the morning we checked out at a cost of 5 pounds, we thought it was a small price to pay to not have to lug our cases around all day as our flight wasn't until 2230 that night.All in all - it was a great place to stay, the staff were very friendly and the location was really top notch. We would definitely stay again.	
Apr 26 2009 	non executive	as a man of 60 years and travelled to 45 different countries this is the worst bed I have ever slept in!!! too short too narrow,( along with my wife), put a sheet on the floor now lay on it, that's more comfortable. Don't ask for another pillow! we asked three times...no chance.The staff smile and say , yes, yes but nothing happens, they can't handle it, under staffed.( and do they care?). No place to hang up the wet towels.Executive standard now equals economy class.	
Apr 14 2009 	God awful beds!	Yes, this place is clean and looks modern and inviting, but the beds, my god!! I am only 5ft 4 and my feet were touching the bottom of the bed, so my poor husband at 6ft had no chance. We are not elephants, and each time we sat on the edge of the bed it sunk and cracked. The mattress was the worst I have ever experienced, neither my husband or i slept well at all and left pretty sharpish in the morning with aching backs! The room was a standard one so I was not expecting great luxury, and i wish hubby had read the reviews before booking - but I have stayed in far nicer london hotels, for cheaper with much better beds! The 4 star rating is clearly just based on the looks and the kitchen (which does not come well equiped as we found out one £5 corkscrew later!).	
Apr 14 2009 	A low grade bed and breakfast which calls itself 4 star-stay away!	No desk, small hot room, smoke alarms going off, it is a B&amp;B which has managed to calls itself four star on booking websites. It is a three star bed and breakfast with a low attitude to complaints. I cancelled all my future bookings after one night!	
Apr 6 2009	Good - but...	I stayed 4 days and I have to say that my room was very clean, very new and overall nice. Whenever there was a problem, the staff reacted quickly. We blew a fuse one evening and all lights in our room weren't working anymore. Within 5 minutes the receptionist was at my door and helped with the problem. The hotel's location is flawless though - you have easy access to 3 different tube-lines, which connects you perfectly to most parts of the city. It's only 50m until Hyde Park so when the weather is fine this is an added bonus as well. So basically they tried well, however there were some problems. One for instance is the fact that all rooms facing the street were very noisy due to the fact that the windows were old and not isolated at all which resulted in me waking up at 6 am the very first morning. When I tried to go back to sleep though the room next to ours was cleaned and what can I say...? I have never heard someone cleaning a room that loudly!!! They were even vacuuming - at 6:45 am!!! Given the paper thin walls I felt like they were in my room instead... There are a few things which might be done better. As we stayed at a similiar hotel in Sweden before I know that the hotel can indeed provide dishwashing liquid when they expect you to wash up everything by yourself. We were only able to do so with warm water unfortunately. Charging 6 Pounds per day for internet access is a little heavy, too given the fact that other hotels provide it for free. WLAN isn't available in the rooms unfortunately, though at the recption there is an area where you can access the hotel's WLAN-network. Overall I would recommend the hotel but would try to get an apartment facing the courtyard. Overall our stay was pleasant.	
Mar 17 2009 	Not much of a complainer...loved the eye candy...	Most amazingly down to earth friendly staff. Stayed for 1 week; never slept in the beds once...but I know they've since been replaced. The location is awesome...and honestly I don't know which posh hotels everyone's been staying at for this price...as if people! come on?! You all have high expectations for your comparatively low outlay of $$$. It's CLEAN. SO CLEAN. Does anything else matter? Oddly, I encountered several strangers during my stay. I wasn't afraid of any of them. The interesting thing is if you actually look at someone and are friendly you may just make a friend for life. What a concept...Get out of your box people! Accept what you can afford and move on. And quit yelling at the staff. Nothing makes you look more like an idiot...	
Mar 2 2009 	Never a 4* Apartment Noisy location thin walls Cheap/Poor Beds	Great location, tube, shops etc close by, but these apartments could be soooo much better, but they obviously chose to go down the old Ikea furniture route, the bed was half the thickness of a normal matress located in a built in wooden frame, very uncomfortable. The room was very noisy - be prepared to be wakened at every toilet flush or kettle boiling in nearby rooms, only plasterboard walls separate each of the small refurbished rooms. They also charge £5 just for storing any luggage for a few hours.	
Feb 25 2009 	I wouldn't recommend Hyde Park Executive apartements because ...	Poorly equipped room, cheap mattress, not very clean - and our room was supposed to be one of the better ones - definitely not the advertised four stars. But Friendly staff , close to tube, park and shops.	
Feb 10 2009 	Great Location – lumpy bed	The location is excellent, so close to Queensway and Bayswater tubes. Plenty of shops and restaurants in the local vicinity. I’ve stayed twice. The rooms are modern and minimalist but a little small. It’s great having the mini kitchenette to keep food and drinks and make proper tea and coffee – tesco is just around the corner to buy milk.If you want no fuss – this is your place! Other than checking in, I had no dealings with the staff. It really is like an apartment, not a hotel.	
Jan 29 2009	Nice!!	Hi there, everyone who says this hotel was crap!! it is not true, ive stayed in the most expensive hotels in london, okay the bed was not that much! but still the place was modern and PERFECT PRICE for a weekend hotel.. PEOPLE! you pay this much wat do you expect???!!!! ITS LONDON!!! u wont get a perfect place!! if you want to pay for a nice bed to sleep on! then go to cumberland, marriot, or any of those! luvvvdddddddddddddddd the place i recomend it for a stay 1 to 3 days :)	
Jan 19 2009	Applicious	Fantastic honeymoon - the hotel upgraded us on arrival to a one-bed suite. Service was great and location (just opposite Madison Sq. Gardens couldn't be much better.Blah blah blah....	
Jan 15 2009 	Such potential	We booked this apartment for a weekend stay in London because of its location and price. I wished that I had read the reviews prior to booking. We agree with many of the reviewers that this property has great potential. It's in a great location, it's clean, has laundry facilities, is affordable and is suitable for many categories of travellers. All of the effort put into the refurbishment of this property was wasted for the sake of those cheap matresses. After a couple of sleepless and uncomfortable nights on that bed we decided that we would warn others and maybe inform the owners that travellers expect a basic level of comfort - a foam matress would have been better.	
Dec 19 2008 	Ok but NOT Executive. Worst bed ever!	We stayed here at the start of December. The room was much smaller than we expected but was clean, bright with everything you need EXCEPT a safe, a hair dryer, good duvet and only 2 pillows for a double bed. It had thee worst bed I have ever slept in - incredibly thin with springs sticking into us all night! Hotel smelled of cigarette smoke. Service was friendly. Good bathroom and shower. Noisy building late into the night.This place is ok if you just need a crash pad and can handle sleeping on a cheap thin mattress. Queensway tube station is a couple of minutes walk away.But to sum up, they really are taking the mick calling it &quot;executive&quot;.	
Dec 6 2008 	Shoe box with a hob	There is nothing luxury about this place. The staff are rude and infelxible and couldn't even get a phone message to us. The matress was so thin I laid awake at night counting the springs that were cutting into my vital organs. The shower was so small I had to step out of it to wash and then get back in to rinse. The kitchen had nothing you could really cook with, doing 2 packs of pasta from Tesco was a challenge. We booked here because we were returning from a long trip and wanted to stay in and cook for ourselves; what a mistake! We ended up spending even more eating out. Finally I should mention our window looked out over the ugliest block of flats I have ever seen which bloked out all natural light and the room was so hot and airless we ended up thinking London in midwinter was hotter than India. We have booked with lastmiute before and can highly recommend either of their £70ish secret hotels in Kensington. In fact, sleeping on a bench round the corner in Hyde Park would be better than this awful place!	
Nov 24 2008	Not 4* not executive and certainly not an apartment	It was an extremely small room, with a very small pretty much unusable kitchenette, a shower you could hardly get into and a bed with a mattress that must have cost all of 10p along with 2 pieces of cloth pretending to be pillows. The road was extremely noisey all night and you could hear everything through the wall! Having paid extra for a 'deluxe' apartment, I wouldn't have liked to have seen an ordinary 'apartment'. If they were advertised as what they were 'budget' rooms we may not have been disappointed, however I shouldn't think we would have booked anyway. The area was certainly a bit iffy to say the least.	
Nov 24 2008 	The worse beds ever!	Great location and beautiful clean and well-equipped appartment but REALLY appaling bed. It was short ( wouldn't be able to accomodate someone over about 5 ft 10 tall) and lumpy with springs sticking out from it. It was like they had spent so much money on kitting out the appartment but then got the matresses out of a skip.So becuase of that we wouldn't come back. At the end of the day you're buying a bed and if you can't sleep properly then it's not good value for money.Also no bedside lighting at all - you had to have bright ceiling lights on if you wanted to read - not very relaxing.We stayed in Room B03 - avoid if you want a decent night's sleep.	
Nov 24 2008 	Just a couple of problems	The location is great and the rooms are spotlessly clean and attractive with a good bathroom and powerful shower (no bath). However the main drawback is the lack of chairs and a table. Not even bedside tables. If you actually intended to use the kitchen for anything you would be eating off the floor or the bed. There was is a small space on the kitchen bar and one bar stool. So even if you thought the bar space adequate to eat off (it isn't) one of you would be standing up.And no spare pillows or bedside lights makes the watching TV/reading in bed a non-starter.We had a semi-basement room, and when we pulled up the blind we found ourselves looking directly into another room across an internal courtyard, so unless you are an exhibitionist it means the blind has to stay down all day. We mentioned this to the manager, who offered to try to move us the next day, but as we were out of the room most of the time we decided to live with it.It's a shame - a bit more thought and not much more money would have made this a very pleasant place.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great Value for money!	Our stay at Hyde Park Executive Apartments was fantastic. we paid £79 and got what seemed to be a brand new room with a fully equiped kitchennette. The bathroom had a big shower, and was really clean. I was a bit worried based on the previous comments about mattreses, however our mattress was brand new and really comfortable so I imagine that the company took those comments on board and decided to buy new ones!Location was just great as well, just 100 meters away from Hyde Park and 2 min walk to Queensway or Bayswater tube stations.All in all I would certainly recommed this place to anyone who looks for modern and clean accommodation and does not want to overspend.	
Oct 28 2008 	Good value but plenty areas for improvement	Small but good value for money.Rather warm. We had the windows open constantly in late October - room 312.I understand previous comments re beds but we slept wellSeemed to be a shortage of pillows - only two per double bed provided and they can provide additional ones only if others have not already requested themSimilarly there are fewer hair dryers than rooms and you can only have one if they're not already &quot;loaned&quot; out. I overheard one lady being told she could have one the following day!!Cooking a bit of a joke because no ventilation above cooking area, therefore frying or making toast sets off the local smoke alarm.Rooms are serviced only weekly so if you're staying more than a couple of days you do tend to accumulate a lot of rubbishPhotos published elsewhere are an accurate reflection of the accomodation	
Oct 7 2008 	Amazing value	Very nice apartment with all the commodities to prepare your own meals. Imagine all the money you can save compare with an hotel. Near two metro station (Queensway and Baywater) and 2 groceries (Tesco and Spar). The room was small but very clean and confortable. The floor in the bed area is in hardwood and the bathroom in tile.The personnal was nice and helpful. Everything seems to have been renovated recently.My main concern before I arrived was the bed since I read so many bad comments. In fact, the bed was not so bad since I spend 8 nights there and I slept well. The matress is not exceptionnal but just fair.Fantastic value for 80 pounds per night. It is half the price of many 4 star hotel in London.	
Sep 14 2008 	It was a bad choice	When I searched for this hotel, I thought the location is brilliant.The location is really good indeed, but everything else was so terrible, that I wish I never had stayed here. Beginning with the furniture. The bed was so soft, that I could hardly sleep. I do not understand how a hotel which is in a high profile area buys low cost beds. People come to sleep in a hotel.Second, the stuff came several times into my apartment, after knocking for 1 second on the door. It happend also during the morning hours when I was actually half naked. It was really an unfomfortable situation. But this would be fine if it happened once. After telling at the reception about the problem, in 2 days it happened again. I went again to the reception when they told me that they are sorry, but this problem can happen, because the hotel works like that. Third, you can hear every noise in the room, actually you can hear what your neighbours rooms are talking about exactly.In overall I am very upset, because I imagined a really nice stay with having nice walks in the Hyde Park, instead of that I got a lot of sleepless nights.	
Sep 2 2008 	Fantastic location	I was initially apprehensive about staying at the apartments due to the previous reviews but our stay there was very pleasant and trouble free. We stayed in room 303 which was not the biggest room but there was just enough space for 2 people. The room and the bathroom were spotlessly clean and the decor was fresh and newly decorated. We did not use the kitchen as the apartments are only round the corner from plenty of shops and fast food places but if you did want to prepare some of your own meals the appliances were clean and in full working order, there were also plates glasses and cutlery to use. Tesco express is just minutes away and the fridge was very handy to keep the beer cold.The location of the apartments is excellent and just round the corner from Bayswater tube station which is on the circle and district lines.We were very happy with our stay there but if I was being very picky we did need to keep the window open at all times due to the room being quite hot, this inevitably resulted in outside noise being heard although this did not effect our sleep it may be a problem for light sleepers. The mattress was not the best as the springs could be felt through it but again this did not effect our sleep at all.There is no hairdryer in the room and not really a make up mirror apart from the bathroom so ladies may wish to bring these items with you.The apartments are clean and in a fantastic location and I would highly recommend them.	
Aug 31 2008 	Not worth it	If the hotel was half price, I may have been impressed. But with cracked tiles, smelly hallways and a lumpy mattress, I was not.I booked this one for a one week stay in London thinking that the kitchen unit would save me money on the price of food. however, the kitchen was small, there was nothing provided in terms of washing soap, spices or anything you actually need to cook.Obviously this did not stop the individuals down the hall who seems to enjoy cooking something resembling sweaty fish. This stench permeated the entirely floor.The room was too small for two people to share, and there was no night stand. The tv had horrible reception and one of the lights was not working when we arrived.There was no phone in the room! What kind of hotel does not have a phone int he room? I have stayed in worse places, but not many.	
Jul 4 2008 	Clean and convenient but a bit chaotic!	Reception and checking in is chaotic, with well meaning but flakey staff unable to talk and stand up at the same time.The first room we were finally allocated was already occupied, so we had access to other people's belongings...staff were not worried by this. The chap who took me to a new room actually knocked on the door to check it wasn't occupied so I fully expected to find someone sleeping on my bed when I got back that evening - luckily not!I think we had 'upgraded' - the new room was cool, on the 1st floor, and had some lovely original features...if you can negotiate a room (I think they could be sweet-talked) go for one at the back on the lower floors as the first room was stiflingly hot although there was a fan in there.The room was all IKEA, clean, modern and fresh, the shower worked well and the crockery etc was spotless. The bed was fine, a camp bed type thing, a bit lumpy if I'm being really fussy but I slept well and the room was quiet.I'm guessing the place hasn't been open that long as everything was pretty new looking. And being really cynical - it being IKEA - give it a couple of years and it will have probably all fallen apart! Reception really need to get there fingers out, (perhaps a female could have multi-tasked a bit better..;) as it wasn't just us having problems, but the stay itself was really enjoyable.It's also 50 metres from Hyde Park but still dead quiet, and as we were there there for a gig, absolutely spot on for location...the Bayswater cafe round the corner does breakfasts (but avoid the fry ups...go for croissants!)	
Jun 30 2008	Great Location	Receptionists are very helpful and friendly, location is great, clean and tidy.	
Jun 28 2008 	Convenient location clean but stuffy room	The apartment is conveniently located with 2 tube stations nearby - Queensway and Bayswater. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and a couple of supermarkets. There's also a shopping centre (Whiteley's) with a Marks &amp; Spencer, a cinema and lots of other shops. Hyde Park and Kensington Palace is just across the main road. The apartment was clean although quite small. The laundry room (located on the 3rd floor) was convenient.However, the room was quite stuffy in summer. The window in the apartment had an opening at the top (about 10cm) and could not be opened further as there was a lock. Some nights were really stuffy. Despite being a non-smoking establishment, smoking was tolerated. We could smell smoke drifting in from some of the other apartments. The street below was also rather noisy - we would be awakened by traffic noise early in the morning. The room was not well-insulated for sound. You can hear footsteps along the hallway from inside the room.Overall, a nice place to stay at if you don't mind the inconveniences mentioned.	
Jun 26 2008 	Don't touch this place with a bargepole!	You'd think the term 'executive apartments' would mean a slick, clean, efficient and professional operation. How wrong could this be when you visit the Hyde Park Executive Apartments in Bayswater, London.I shoud have realised something wasn't right when I checked in early to be told my room wasn't ready (understandable) but I could leave my case by Reception as it would be stored away until I came back later. Upon arriving back, my case was still sat next to the Reception desk, in full view of all other visitors/guests to the Recpetion area! Hmmm....My room upon first inspection was clean, a bit cramped with the double bed against one wall and sharing the same space as the kitchenette so lovely humming noice from the fridge. All appliances looked new and the bathroom was ridiculously tiny but clean.However, whilst waiting for my colleagues down in Reception, I witnessed four other guests complaining about different aspects of the establishment (unclean rooms, rubbish not being collected from the room's bins for over four days) dirty laundrey and appliances not working). None of the complainers were dealt with properly and there was lots of shouting. Oh dear...My colleagues then came down and I could see they weren't happy. Apparently the establishment had over-booked and my friends had been sent to stay in apartment blocks over the road (and right down the other end of the street for one of them!). Their rooms were disgraceful, dirty and not at all 'executive'. In fact one of the female colleagues found six men smoking by the laundrey store right outside her very open large sash window (her room was in the basement!) and therefore felt completely unsafe. In the end, she left her room and doubled up with my other femail friend who was in the eaves of the building with no lighting on the stairs and suspect stains on the sheets! The male colleague unfortunately found someone elses pubic hair in his bed &amp; shower! Nice...I was secretly thinking I'd got away with the best of the rooms, but when we came back later in the evening I discovered someone else had been in my room, gone through my case and obviously had a good look through my things. Luckily I had not left anything of value in the room but I slept with the chair rammed under the door handle that night. The following morning I was met with the same woeful excuses and simply vowed never to go back and to ensure that everyone else knew how awful this place was.	
Jun 1 2008 	Good Location No Problems!	The location of the apartments are ideal. They are a 2min walk away from Bayswater UG and 3esemin walk from Queensway UG. Around the apartments there are plenty of restaurants/take aways &amp; shops. The area feels very safe and is in walking distance to the beautiful park of Hyde Park.The rooms are nice with all the necessities of an apartment - cooker, microwave, fridge, TV, Brilliant shower etc. The bed was a little hard, but nothing major! If you are in an apartment 1-10 you have to walk a little way from reception to get to your room. Reception service is very good, very helpful and 24 hour service. If you want to leave your bags there the ext day after check out there is a charge of £5. All in all a great stay with no problems... for £79 a night I can’t imagine there is a better hotel for that price!	
Jun 1 2008 	Perfect location for a easy London holliday	The room was nice, and it was neat and tidy. The staff very friendly.But it lacked on the kitchen supplies, only two plates, to small coffecups and two forks. The cooking pot was only for one person, so we ate in shift as we were three people. Two adult and one child.The bed was horrible, so me end my husband slept in the extra bed (wich we had to pay extra for, despite we booked at Triple room. And the child in the real bed.I can recomend this hotel to most people, but are you looking for luxury go some were else. Are you looking for a clean budget hotel and wants to eat some of your meals at the room this is perfect.	
May 20 2008 	Good location	We had an apartment for one night which was very adequate. Location wise it's perfect for London - about 150 yards away from Bayswater tube stop, with plenty of pubs and restaurants in the area.As for the hotel itself, it was the first time I'd stayed in an apartment rather than a hotel. It was an enjoyable experience, even if it did have a bedsit feel to the place. The rooms contained showers and a microwave oven and kitchen sink, so it's ideal if you want to eat in your room. The room was also very spacious with a double bed and also room for a double camp bed. The downside to this is that we specified a twin room which, apparantly, they don't have - this wasn't communicated to us prior to booking and we only found out when we arrived. There was also no complimentary tea/coffee making facilities.Check in was smooth and easy with the reception staffed 24 hrs, but what swung it for us was how cheap it was to stay there compared to other hotels in the area.If all you're after is a central (ish) hotel and are on a budget then this is ideal.	
May 4 2008 	Didn´t find luxus	I visited this hotel one night and luckily I had not booked more nights. It was clean hotel and rooms were ok, but I didn´t find any luxus anywhere. They advertise it as a four stars hotel with luxury rooms. I saw quite shabby decorating and shabby and cheap (maybe Ikea) furnitures. Bed was too soft and &quot;tottering&quot;. Not very good kitchen equipments, only a couple of cups and plates. TV picture was cloudy and not clear. I think very simple decorating anyway.When I arrived this hotel there was a quarrel between clients and hotel staff, because some misunderstanding with invoicing. Those clients (older people) said they have got so bad service anywhere and they have travelled a lot! Not very good thing first to notice and I didn´t get any service for a long while either. I was only standing there with my suitcases and listened their quarreling.The only thing which I found good was bathroom, because it was new and modern style. I think Hyde Park executive appartment is quite expensive and not good value for your money. I had feeling that they only want to take your money away. One strange thing which I also noticed was, that there was a huge mass of non-opened letters (and maybe bills) on the hotel desk under your eyes. I wonder why they keep their post there and don´t open it.I stayed three nights in other hotel and found it much better although the other was only three stars hotel.	
May 1 2008 	Nice clean and cheap... Fantastic in one word!	It was the first time we stayed at an apartment instead of a hotel in a different country and the experience worths it! After searching among expensive or hotel rooms with no bathroom, finally we decided to take the risk and it was absolutely a good choice. The apartments looked like new, modern, and very clean. The room was perfect for a couple and for a few days, with LCD TV, kitchen with fridge, microwave,... and bathroom. Everything was small but enough and very well decorated. Just the bed was not the most comfortable one, specially for tall people but OK for a short stay...The staff was very friendly and hepful. The location was really perfect near Hyde Park, 2 metro stations and several buses connected to the centre. I would absolutely recommend it.	
Apr 9 2008 	Fine for one night	I read the reviews on here before booking and thought this looked like a great one night stay... and it was.The apartment's floor space was smaller than we expected for our £79 but everything was clean and in working order. The staff were friendly and reception is guarded for 24hours. The bathroom was small but had a power shower - it was lovely and clean. The main problem was the bed! The mattress was soooo lumpy - a cheap IKEA number - we didn't really sleep for more than 10 minutes at a time. Also the footboard cuts the bed off so we had to sleep with either bent legs or on the diagonal - total disaster!We were lucky to have great weather over the two days we spent here but the apartment had no air conditioning so we roasted all night - the windows opened though which is great as we were on the second floor. This is a fab place to stay for one night with great access to tube stations (Bayswater and Queensway) lots of shops and amenities close-by too. Take your own mattress if you're thinking of staying longer though!	
Mar 19 2008 	Would recommend	Needed to stay overnight in London and didn't want to pay too much money for a shoe box sized room. The Hyde Park Executive were just what I was looking for. Very clean, central and close to two tube stops (on different lines).The room is a reasonable size with a smalish plasma tv, kettle, microwave etc and a counter with a couple of stools. There is a good selection of shops, restaurants and bars within minutes of the appartments.Only minus point was the size of the bathroom - it was very small.I booked a couple of days in advance on lastminute and got the room for £58 which I consider to be excellent value.	
Feb 29 2008 	Good nice stay......	Just stayed at this Hotel / Apartment and had a great stay.This hotel is located opposite Hyde Park at the Queensway Tube station. It is very clean, modern and a great place to stay.It's just 4 tube stops from Oxford Circus.There is a receptionist until 6pm. Bags can be stored in a spare room for the day when checking out (until 6pm) if needed for £5.Our room (The standard double studio) was small ish but perfect as a base for a couple of days. Room had a small kitchenette, Fridge, Micro-Oven, bathroom with shower, Lcd tv.The only bad points were: Shower was not that powerfulSmall ish bed with only 1 pillow each.Overall good and would stay again.	
Jan 17 2008 	Lovely and clean	I've just returned from a 2 day trip to London and the hotel/apartment I stayed in was worth a good review. I was slightly dubious in staying at the Hyde Park Executive Apartments as there were no reviews but I thought I'd take a chance. I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the room and hotel in general were as cleanliness is VERY important to me. The room was advertised as a double room for single occupation. There was a double bed and an ensuite sized bathroom paved with marble and although the sink was small is was adequate. The location was also another winner. It was less than 5 minutes walk from Queensway on the Central line. Although there were many stairs and split levels, which might make it difficult for wheelchair users, altogether the apartment was everything I wanted for a short stay in London. I'm already planning my next trip to London and will be booking the double room. Will let you know whether that is of the same high standard.	
Jan 17 2008 	Decepcionante. Para conformistas		
Nov 23 2009 	Debería ser ilegal tener esas camas en un hotel		
Oct 19 2009 	Excelente ubicación. Muy limpios y modernos		
Oct 12 2009 	Piccolo appartamento eccellente per un breve soggiorno		
Oct 8 2009	buona la posizione cattiva organizzazione		
Oct 8 2009 	Genial situacion y apartamentos muy buenos.		
Oct 7 2009 	Excelente.... pero el colchón uffff...		
Sep 13 2009 	Sencillo pero aceptable		
Sep 10 2009 	eccelente		
Aug 22 2009 	Hotel moderno y muy bien comunicado		
Jul 12 2009 	executive????		
Jul 3 2009 	Por encima de las expectativas		
Jun 23 2009 	Bellissimo soggiorno		
Jun 22 2009 	Repetiria		
Jun 11 2009 	non da 4* !		
May 19 2009 	bonne adresse sur Londres		
May 6 2009 	Fantastico Hyde Park Executive		
Mar 16 2009 	Excelente ubicación pero estudio muy pequeño.		
Dec 10 2008 	Ok solo per pochi giorni		
Nov 30 2008 	Appartamenti piccoli ma nuovi e puliti. Ottima posizione.		
Nov 17 2008 	Très bon rapport qualité / prix		
Oct 30 2008 	Alla grande!		
Oct 24 2008 	Consigliato!		
Oct 13 2008 	Gute Lage nettes Personal - Matratzen aus der Hölle		
Sep 26 2008 	Horrornaechte		
Sep 16 2008 	comodissimo!!		
Aug 23 2008 	Nos encantó		
Jul 26 2008 	hotel a londra		
