Nov 6 2009 	Please do not use this hotel if you value your life..................	Checked in paid for my stay in advance (hotel policy). Room filthy, bed smelled shower filthy, soap tray in shower filthy. No soap / shampoo provided. Next door had a baby in the room which cried all night. I could hear it easily through the paper thin walls. Towels so threadbare one ripped in half as I was drying myself. The room above was full of arabic sounding women who shouted and screamed well past 3 am in the morning. Last but not least the fire door leading to my corridor was jammed open - bad you may think but the reason for this is that THE HANDLE WAS MISSING. If that door had closed there was NO means of opening it in the event of a fire. THINK ABOUT IT..................Best part of my stay was the london fields pub across the road. Very friendly staff, fair prices and outstanding grub.	
Nov 3 2009 	Clean comfortable free parking great value	After reading mixed reviews for this hotel, I didn't really know what to expect... However, it was a great location for a night out in the Hackney/ Dalston area (planty of bus stops along the road). Beds were very clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was spotless too (although the extractor fan was laughably noisy). The walls are thin but earplugs easily solved that problem. Free off-road parking, friendly staff, and much cheaper than neighbouring hotels. If you're looking for luxury stay elsewhere but if you want a no-frills hotel for a night, you can't go wrong!	
Jun 10 2009 	You get what you pay for!!	After reading the other reviews I was actually dreading my stay at this hotel! I booked it as I was on a limited budget for a last minute jaunt to London and it was pretty much the only hotel in my price range.We couldn't find how to get there at first and pulled into the garage. As I walked up the road I could see it behind the garage and worked out that you had to turn down the little road to the right of it! You then turn immediately left into a tiny entrance which leads to the front of the hotel. There's no car park as such, you just park on the concrete to the side of the hotel.The location isn't very pretty but the owners try &amp; cheer the outside up with big pots of flowers.The reception area and communal lounge were clean as were the hall and stairs which are marble. The guy on reception was a bit hard to understand and didn't really have a personality but we were checked in with minimal fuss.The corridors to the rooms are clean and the carpet looks fairly new. Our room smelt of cleaning products when we entered which was encouraging! It was indeed clean and to my surprise we had a little air con unit. Everything is very basic. There's no kettle or wardrobes, just a chest of drawers. Like the carpets in the corridor, the one in the room seemed quite new and was clean.The double bed seemed on the small side and was a bit uncomfortable, mainly because the plastic undersheet and pillows made a noise every time you turned over! There was also an awful (rather pointless) head board. It was covered in stains!!The curtains were very odd. There was only one per window which you could not draw as both ends were attached to the curtain pole!The bathroom was fully functional and soap and shampoo was provided. There was a big damp patch on the ceiling but the rest was clean.You can hear the people in rooms around you clearly so don't expect a quiet stay!Overall, as my title suggests, you get what you pay for. It was £52 for the room (£5 of which was a charge for paying by credit card) I have paid twice that for a worse room in London. Yes, it's not in a great location and yes the rooms are basic but it's perfectly acceptable for a budget night in London. I don't think I could stay for more than a couple of nights though!	
May 22 2009 	Really not that bad - I'm very picky and I've returned several times	I'm an extremely discerning traveller (see my other reviews) but I must say that this hotel really isn't as bad as the reviews here, what on earth do people expect for £37 for a double room in London? We always stay at this hotel when we're attending the Lovebox Weekender in Victoria park due to its proximity to the festival and the low price. All we want is a crash pad and on the several occasions we've stayed I've found it acceptable in terms of cleanliness, comfort and service. Luxury accomodation it isn't, but it never proported to be.	
Mar 4 2009 	Hotel from Hell Still	I’m afraid this hotel is as bad as the reviews it’s getting. Thank goodness I only stayed one night, and that was because it was to late to book in to anywhere else. The location of the hotel is not the best, its hidden away and finding the entrance is a bit of an exercise. The lounge, lobby and stairwell is lovely, has lovely marble tiling, but it has no lift, and a lot of stairs, so beware. You need to sign a contract before you have your keys, be careful. There is a nice chap who will carry your bags up for you, which was a big help, as we were up the top. Now down to the gritty part, the rooms are worse than living on the streets, at least on the street you can pick a semi clean floor. The carpet was filthy, and not fit to walk on bear foot. The curtains were stuck together with chewing gum, no wardrobe to hang any clothes, the walls had an unusual pattern on them, I think they call it splattered food and drink. The bathroom was tiny, the sink was dirty with the previous customers hairs still present, the shower had lovely yellow taping holding the shower head on, and the drains omitted a lovely stench of blocked drains. The bathroom being bad enough we thought, then came the bed, apart from the obvious very yellow stained headboard, the bed linen had not been changed from the previous customer. We asked for clean sheets, which the porter insisted on doing, while changing the bed, the mattress underneath was covered in blood, with no mattress cover on. Breakfast was entertaining; this was done by the night porter, as the cook decided that she wasn’t going to come in to work. Apparently she does it quite often. There is no choice, and the food is very little. The only plus point to our horrendous visit to this hotel was the staff were very polite and helpful.	
Jan 15 2009 	quiet suuficient for my needs!!!	I stayed at this hotel sa i was on a businnes trip from York in the locality of the hotel. I mad the booing through Booking.com at a very reasonable rate of 49 pound.When i checked in the hotel the staff explained to me that, they did not enter the guest rooms without their say so and i was to inform them when i wanted my room cleaned as guests didnt like staff entering their rooms as they had personal possessions. which i thought was quite reasonable when they explained the reason to this. During my week stay my room was cleaned and towels changed as and when i requested. the room was of a reasonable size and clean shower was working and hot water at all times no matter when i used it. which is a plus point as it was very cold outside. overall my stay was pleasnt and i would stay again. a good standard for the price paid	
Nov 13 2008 	You get what you pay for...	I started reading reviews after I had already booked it. I was quite concerned about the location, the staff and the room itself. Fortunately, it wasn't as bad as I was expecting.The hotel is a 15-minute fast walk from the nearest tube station. I walked at night and was not concerned at all (a lot of churches on the street). The neighborhood was fine. The staff was actually friendly and polite; however, I didn't need anything extra from them. They were a little slow at breakfast, but they were trying.The lobby and stairwell is quite nice as others have written, but the rooms need work: The headrest was disgusting, the shower a little dingy, the room small with no wardrobe or closet. However, knowing that you're not paying for a luxious hotel, you can set your expectations accordingly. If you just need a night's stay at a reasonable price (for London), it is fine.	
Sep 29 2008 	BEWARE! Disgusting vile hellish hotel!!!!!!!	The worst hotel ever!!!They try to fool you by having a nice lobby, with tiles. They make you sign a contact of stay and then you go to your room to the horror that awaits you. The room- FILTHY, smell of urine, stained headboard, dirty sheets, smelly pillow, filthy carpet, rude and unhelpful staff. I had to sleep with the window open because I could not breathe without wrenching due to the smell of urine. Absolutely horrific!!!! Should be demolished!!!!!!!	
Aug 24 2008 	Really a fine hotel	All these bad reviews compelled me to write a review of my own because we found the hotel to be a perfectly fine cheap hotel. We were a couple with a 13-year old. The furniture -- a couple of bedside tables and a bureau -- was a little dingy and broken down, but the room and bathroom were perfectly clean. We had two windows overlooking the backs of other buildings, but it was quiet. The shower head was broken in that the top popped off when you used it, but the staff replaced it immediately with a spare on hand when we told them about it. Free wifi. Good English breakfast with friendly staff. Nice lobby with huge tv if you're into that. The location was fine. The immediate neighborhood has nothing of tourist interest. It's a short walk to historic downtown Hackney (not on most itineraries but interesting in its way) and a moderate walk to a few other attractions on the east end. For the rest of London, transit is moderately convenient: you either need to take a bus, the overground train (three stops on 10-20 minute frequencies from Liverpool Station in central London), or walk about a mile to Bethnal Green tube stop.All in all it's what you'd expect from such an inexpensive hotel: clean, dingy and small rooms, out of the way but not too inconvenient, nothing special, nothing unacceptable.	
Sep 30 2007 	the worst hotel in my life	Since the first moment I saw it I realized that was a nightmare.Better sleeping under a bridge.	
Sep 8 2007 	Extremely Poor	Stayed at the City Inn Express recently but will never stay there again. Looks like the hotel owner has spent a reasonable amount of money to refurbish the property but staff (Nights) brought it all down. We stayed at the first floor and were able to hear loud indian sort of music around 1 o clock in the morning. It was disturbing and annoying for a very long time. In the morning we had to queue for breakfast for more than 15 minutes outside the lobby door because the receptionist who worked the previous night was sleeping on the couch. The breakfast chef was trying to wake him up but he was so disrespectful that he didnt bother. At the end we had to go to the kitchen and request for breakfast. Absolute Disgrace!!!	
Aug 29 2007 	this hotel is terrible.	this hotel has no tea making facilities in the rooms, no drinking glass to even get a drink from the tap. Lots of money spent on the reception area and stairwell but the rooms are awful. The staff were very unfriendly and will rip you off as soon as look at you if you pay by credit card, they charged us twice for that facility!our room overlooked a corrigated, disused building and the hotel is situated next to an all-night petrol station (horns blaring etc) BEWARE this hotel!	
Jun 19 2007 	Left after 1st night!	Very much like the other comments on this place, all looks well when you enter as they have spent a great deal of money on the lobby, lounge, and stairwell, but the accomodation is an entirely different matter. Be warned! They will make you pay upfront and sign a Terms &amp; Conditions form that waives your right to a refund for any nights you do not stay at the hotel. We were booked for 4 nights, signed the form and paid upfront. It's only once you've signed do you get a chance to see what you've paid for. If you don't like the room and they will not change it, then tough, you've paid and your money is theirs. Obviously they've had a number of people come and go earlier than they planned so now they need to secure the income on the room (even though they can sell it to someone else after you checkout early and make double the amount of money!!!)As for the room. It would be okay for a backpacker or someone who prefers not to sleep on a park bench. The TV is a waste of time - I was lucky enough to have a remote, but the batteries were dead. And the picture - awful!!! The shower head holder had been broken for some time so it made showering difficult. The bathroom is SO small that you have to push the door open with your backside if you want to rinse your face in the sink. There was hair all over the carpet and plenty of dust to go with it. The windows were all open in my room obviously trying to air the room out because of the musty smell. You'll also have the added luxury of one dining chair and a chest of drawers - the wardrobe is the bathroom door. The staff try to be helpful but I'm sure they don't really care.All in all you can survive there for a night or two, but I would advise you stay away.	
May 31 2007	Terrible	AVOID AT ALL COSTS Absolutely terrible, the rooms had no water! I don’t mean they had no hot water – THEY HAD NO WATER! When my colleague complained they said he should have let them know earlier, you simply don’t have the time when you’re working away AND they didn’t have room phones.	
May 10 2007 	Unfriendliest staff in the world	The hotel was small and dingy, the food was terrible, and the staff just weren't interested in customer service. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!	
May 1 2007 	Great value for money	I have to say this is a great hotel and a real find for would be tourists. I was a little bit sceptical what to expect for this money in sunny Hackney!!However, it was clean, with good transport links and friendly staff who were very accomodating with our 2.30am arrival. What more can expect for this price. I booked the budget room for some friends from Poland. There was no wardrobe, which was good because the room was cosy to say the least. However for a place to make camp for a visit to London it is perfect. Clean bathroom which is en-suite. The hotel has a beautiful reception with a large LCD TV.	
Feb 15 2007	Avoid.	Not the nicest location off Mare Street, but that's not really the problem with this place. Although the lobby and stairways look quite fancy, it's a total dive. The (small double) room stank of cigarette smoke (in a 'non-smoking' hotel), the bedside drawers had been used as ash-trays, there was a cigarette butt on the floor in the bathroom and someone had thoughtfully left their dirty socks in a dresser drawer. The only clean thing in the room were the sheets and they had holes torn in them. The shower and loo seat were broken. I would guess the room hadn't been cleaned for quite a while. Cheap-ish, but avoid like the plague.	
Jul 10 2006	Cheap Compact but Cheerful	If your someone looking a cheap &quot;base&quot; hotel in London then this could be the place for you. The room cost the 2 of us about 100 pound for 3 nights, which is good for London really. Yes the room was compact with only a double bed up against the wall, TV stand and chest of drawers with a walkway to the Shower-room but it was modern and it was clean (but could have had a bit more of a hoover) The hotel is situated close to the main road and on top of a petrol station so there are no views but it was surprisingly pretty quiet. The bethnal green tube station (central line) is about a 15 minute walk away up one long street which was OK but isnt to walk if you are going to be with kids, elderly or disabled etc. The staff where polite but could of been a bit friendlier at times, I was surprised when I arrived at 140pm that I was told to wait until 2pm to check in. We didnt eat but the lounge and reception areas where also clean and tidy and presented much better than I expected. Overall if you are in London and have plenty to do and and need a cheap base to sleep and shower then this could be the place for you so you can save the pounds on hotel costs for shopping.	
Jun 26 2006	not bad	This hotel is not as bad as the other review sounds if you don't stay that long. We stayed for three days. The room was small, yes, but clean and the people at the reception were nice. For the price, you can't expect a super hotel in London! We were satisfied.	
Apr 25 2006	Stay away	This place is really bad, do not stay here. The first room we stayed in was so small one of us had to sit on the bed while the other changed. There was no wardrobe and no where to put our bags it was so small. The heating was never on. We complained and got shifted to a slightly bigger room still with no heating. On the 3rd night (we booked a two week stay) a major crime occurred 3 doors up from us with the police invading the hotel. We were very unhappy aboutt staying there after that but were refused a refund as we payed upfront. They never cleaned the room unless asked and when asked about this policy they said that other people complained about having staff entering their rooms, not a very plausilble excuse. From then on the room was only cleaned when we asked. They changed the sheets once in our 2 week stay and that was only when we asked. The walls are paper thin and you can everything happening in the next rooms. The TV reception was horrible and so much for each room having a DVD player, no good unless you bring your own UK DVD's. This place is the pits no matter how much you pay.	
Nov 18 2009 	Horrible el peor hotel que he estado en mi vida		
Nov 11 2009 	Todo perfecto		
