	It's got potential...	I booked The Park Grand hotel for a 5 night stay. I arrived early and the receptionist was very polite and helpful and said that if I wanted to check in immediatley I could but the room they had originally allocated for me was on at the front of the building, so giving me a better veiw, was alot better so maybe it would be better to wait for that room to be ready, which I did. I waited in the bar area, which was pleasant enough, even though very toxic smell, from paint fumes, as the hotel has only just opened. It was overpowering and at one point I had to go outside as my nose was burning. Also the bar did not have a drinks license so no alcohol could be served. The restaurant as well, was only serving breakfast, which again meant that there was no way of having anything to eat at any other time.The room I was allocated, which was a standard double, was on first appearance, very nice. Spacious, large sash windows, lovely bedding, panelled walls, plasma tv. Then I noticed there was no wardrobe. After contacting the reception looking for a wardrobe, she politely informed me that one panel in the wall was the wardrobe. I found it eventually and can say that I was dismayed to find that it was a foot deep and had a few hangers hanging face forward. Definately not what I would call a wardrobe, and there was a big drawer under the bed. The bathroom was very small with a shower and just a shower curtain, no shower tray for you to stand in, it was literally a room with a toilet sink and shower all in one, so basically if you had a shower there was no way that everything, including the toilet wouldn't get drenched.I was very very disappointed as I had planned this getaway for a long time and wanted it to be special. I contacted the reception desk again and explained my distress and she was very sympathetic and asked me if I wanted to see a club room, which I might find more agreeable.This club room was more spacious, huge sash windows, the bathroom had a large separate shower cubical with a glass door, but no shelf space around the sink so nowhere to put your toiletries.The bedroom had the same wardrobe as the other room, but in this room there were 2 of them so giving a bit more space. They said I could have this room for an extra twenty pounds a night, which I payed.On a positive note, the decor was lovely and modern, the hotel was quiet so no noises thoughout the night, the bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on. Seriously was a fantastic bed. The staff were very helpful and polite.It was 10 minutes walk from Paddington Station. I think if they could sort out the wardrobe situation, and the showers in the standard bedrooms, these rooms would have been perfect. Its a pity, because otherwise it would be a really lovely little hotel.	
	Park Grand	Stayed at this new hotel with my 15 year old daughter for a 2 night theatre break and was very pleased paid £218 for the 2 nights through late rooms .Service was very goodand staff were very helpful . We got a club room which was very spacious and had a brilliant shower . Breakfast was buffet style and also good . Near to Paddington station with lots of shops , restaurants and pubs . Would definately stay here again .	
Nov 23 2009 	dont beleive all you read	we booked this hotel a couple of weeks ago as I d read it had been taken over by Shaftesbury and refurbed. Some recent reviews have been too harsh on this hotel. We checked in at 2pm on Saturday 21st November The Reception staff were polite well spoken and all spoke perfect English. There was no delay in being shown to our two rooms, a twin room with shower ensuite and a double room with bath and shower. Both rooms were very clean and exytremely well decorated and presented. there was fresh flowers in the rooms and all the items mentioned on the website. ie wifi, tea and coffee, safe, hair dryer, air con and iron and iriong board. The hotel was all functtioing with ther eexception of the drinks licence. The fitness suite was open. Highly recomended for a weekend shopping, theatre break or staying over after a night out as we did.The hotel is just 8 minutes walk form Paddington British Rail tucked away down a side street called Devonshire Terrac e which opens into a leafy square of simlar style buildings. When the few very minor finishing tuiches are completed this will be a popular venue and deserving of its star status	
Nov 20 2009 	The little things count more than this hotel is aware off…	First I would like to tell the reader of my revue that I`m an hotelier and have been in the hospitality business for a wild. Working in the restaurant, at the front desk and in the reservation office…My whole experience started when I by mistake wrote the wrong email address in the reservation. I found out these 5 seconds later and went in to the website and send the reservations a email tat Im sorry but I made a mistake and can you please send me a confirmation to my correct email. That took them 2 days and they just simply re send the one that never got to me the first time. In my opinion they could at least write to lines “This things happens blablabla, welcome to our hotel “Then when I arrived at the hotel there were two young men standing in the reception, looking like they were in the miitary, ready to take attack… The reception aria is beautiful, light, modern and some flowers. I LOVED IT. But when I`m check in, the receptionist were so tall that he have to bend his whole body over the computer! Why! This is a brand new hotel desk the owners should have been thinking of this! (One tip for you if you read this, build him a box so he could have the key board a bit higher than the staff that is lower) And he was nervous fore some strange reason. … The hotel got four reservations in my name… Well no harm done they fixed it, but the one man who I think is some kind of manager, were what I felt bossing over the receptionist in a way you don’t do in front of guests… The “military” offered the services to bring my bag to the room, but I did it myself…. In my room I`m happy happy, happy!! Its small by square meter, but it got what you need! The bath room is not as good as I could be… The floor get soaking wet when you shower, so is also the toilet. The floors is FREESING! Why do you put tiles on with no heating these days?? But the design is very nice, also in the rest of the room. When I went to bed after a long day I saw the the light in the wardrobe were on and sense the wardrobe is just beside the bed I got this thing stripe of light a cross my pillows. Went down to breakfast the first morning and I got what I wanted, I`m not a breakfast eating person. But if you enjoy a big breakfast and that is important to you, you will get disappointed. There was staff EVERYWERE!!!!!!!!!!!! Doing not much but who can blame them, we were three guests and five staff!! The tables were nicely set up, but a bit to much for such a small breakfast. The plates for the hot alternative were ridiculously big.. And by design they did not fit at all with the rest of the restaurant. When I went from breakfast , I asked the reception if they could please fix the light in the wardrobe and they wanted someone to join me right away but I had to get dressed for my meeting so I asked them if they could do that during the day instead. One of the staff also lend me an adapter for my computer. LIFE saver!! Then when I went out I just gave them the heads up that I were gone so they were more than welcome to fix it. The receptionist just looked strange at me and I had to say my room number 3 times before she could be bothered to lift up a pen a writhe it down. Sense I got home late that evening I didn`t check until I was in bed and of course the light were still on! ARRRRRRRRR!Now I had enough, the day after I went down to the reception and talked to a news receptionist and (again) explain my problem, and she told me that I had to pull out the card from the “light saver” they got at the door and then the light will go of.. I just looked at her and asked her what do I do if I would like to watch tv in my bed without the light in the wardrobe… “We have to see what we can do” was the answer I got. For the record it was fixed when I got to the hotel the next evening. The first night I was there I had some yoghurt in the room. The room got coffee and tea so of course spoons as well. I was preparing a cup of tea my 3 night and the spoon that I taut were clean had ( I HOPE) some of my yoghurt on! PLEASE housekeeping! Do the dishes! Today when I went down to breakfast the man who I referred earlier to in this revue as some manager were in the kitchen in his dress telling the chef off because the beans were not hot enough… IN FRONT OF ALL THE STAFF AND GUESTS!!!! Repeating himself and letting everybody know that the beans were not hot enough..I `m writhing from the hotel right now, so we just have to see what the morning brings when I check out! Over all Im happy with this hotel, but they have some thing to improve and if they just listen to the guests and let the staff the care of the guest they will be fine!Thank you for reading my revue.	
Nov 19 2009 	Not as advertised and WORST SERVICE	I stayed at the Park grand the night of Tuesday 17th 2009. I booked a Cleveland Club Room with full facilities, or so I thought. I paid £119.00 for the room through Easy to Book, but checked the description of the room on your their own web site.The Hotel is set in a quiet square, although with no sign outside the Hotel, it was difficult to find. Once through the automatic door I was confronted with two young Porters who ignored me and carried on their private conversation. I approached the reception, where there were 3 receptionists on duty. They all looked up as I approached and I was looked at, as if I should not be coming through their door. I was not greeted by any of them. I had to stand in the middle of reception and say to all of them, I have a reservation. Check in was not OK, I did not have to pay any kind of room deposit but also I was not shown the room, which in this hotel should be a must....more later. I was not told what time or where breakfast was served. I was not told about the Club Room or where it was. The receptionist, was very unfriendly, but he was too busy talking to the Head of House Keeping while he checked me in. She was being informed about a customer complaint, that a room needed to be serviced, very unprofessional to ignore a guest whilst talking about a complaint. I was not welcomed to the Hotel in any way. I was not offered a wake up call nor a newspaper. Simply put, the things a hotel usually offers was not afforded me at this so called 5 star Hotel.The room should have contained a &quot;This spacious room offers a comfortable sitting area with a lush sofa and coffee table.&quot; There was no sofa nor coffee table. I chose this room for these 2 things, as I had a lot of paperwork to do in the evening and wanted somewhere to sit. I had 2 hard chairs. I find this disgraceful. I bought a product that did not match their own description. I do not think this is fair. You cannot advertise something that does not exist. 626 did not have a sofa in it, nor a coffee table.The web site also advertises &quot;Pampering extras include daily fruit and mineral water, plush bathrobes and slippers, daily local newspaper&quot;. I did not have any mineral water, the tap water tasted foul and I most certainly did not have a newspaper. Once again the web site description DID NOT MEET REALITY. I also found no pens or paper, a must in a hotel, no instructions on how to use the phone and no directory on the services offered by the hotel. My room DID NOT HAVE WiFi, it had a wired connection, but receptionist told me it had wi fi. The cable was hidden in one of thoe crazy wall panels, that took me ages to find. Forget the wardrobes, as they are as thin as the LCD TV. You cannot use them. I never found the Club Room until check out, I was told that the free beverages do not exist, eventhough it is advertised on their web site. The the Club Room is a joke, some chairs a TV and a computer in a room the size of a bathroom. This is not a Club Room of the Hilton/Sheraton etc standard. Once again the web site is very misleading and wrong. This alone is a total disgrace! I found the room very difficult at first to navigate. The wardrobes are in the walls, so is the desk hiding the Internet connection. I had no idea where they were. On booking in, I should be informed where things are in such a room. I should not have to press any and ever wall panel to find a wardrobe.The bathroom, if you can call it that, was a tiny wet room, which wet everything in it, including the toilet paper and the bedroom carpet, as it was so small and the floor sloped at a strange angle, away from the plug. The overhead shower spray, is so close to the wall, you cannot stand underneath it because a tray has been position on the wall right underneath the shower head, brilliant bit of planning. This bathroom was designed by someone an idiot. It is the worst bathroom I have ever seen in any hotel.The staff at breakfast were the most disinterested I have ever met in a London Hotel. I sat in the corner where a TV was above my head. Without asking, a serving staff put the TV on, quite loud, which disturbed my breakfast. Staff then stood around watching the TV. I was never asked if I wanted anymore coffee. Eventhough I went past two members of staff, no one said goodbye and thank you, they were too busy watching the TV.On check out, I was dealt with by a young women, maybe French. She asked if all was OK. I tried to explain to her it was not, but she could not speak enough English to understand me. I simply gave up, trying to tell her what was wrong. The only other person on reception was the Asian man who had checked me in, so it was pointless telling him.I find the description of the room on their web site, extremely misleading and wrong. I will be seeking rectification, as I was sold things that simply did not exist in my room. I am far from happy with the way I was treated. On booking I had requested another room for next Tuesday 24th. I do not wish to return to this Hotel and will be informing Trading Standards. My advice is simple, do not listen to the positive reviews, do not believe their web site, do not think this is a 5 star hotel. The only slight saving grace, I did not pay the rack rate of £300. I have stayed in better Hotels, more centrally locatedI stay in London 3 to 4 times a month, and this is one Hotel that does not deserve my money. Be warned avoid avoid avoid!!!!!	
Nov 19 2009	very pleasant stay/no complains	This hotel was very nice! I wonder why so many bad comments? during check in time we were told that we were upgraded to junior suite without any extra cost, although the junior suite seems to be not too big was absolutely perfect for us. It had a microwave and a fridge at no extra cost. I must say that hotel is in very good location and the staff were very pleasant and helpful. Very highly recommended for a good quality in reasonable price/Anna	
Nov 16 2009 	A curate's egg - good and bad in parts	It's still not finished! The bits that are, are very good, everything clean, bright and gleaming but.. no bar, &quot; SorrySir, we don't have a licence&quot;, the restaurant wasn't ready, the pool and fitness suite not open. Unfortunately the hotel online details omit to say this, likewise the on screen TV hotel guide, which appears to have superceded the standard paper version in a plastic folder. So it was a trip down the road to the off licence for a bottle and then out to a local eatery ( lots of choice) when I really did not feel like going out on a wet stormy night. The wet room just doesn't work, good try, but its too small to keep some where dry to stand and dry yourself. Some good bits, free upgrade to junior suite, 4 SKY Sports channels ( unheard of in a hotel), cumfy bed, modern decor ( which doesn't necessarily sit with high ceilings and plaster mouldings). Breakfast at £12 could have been good, but they havent worked out how to keep food hot - or even warm for that matter. There seemed to be lots of staff, both at reception and at breakfast. I got the feeling they were as bewildered as we were! When finished it should be OK - just make sure you know what you are getting.	
Nov 13 2009 	Ignore the bad reviews - a very nice comfortable clean place to stay!	Having just returned from a one nights stay at this hotel, we were initially quite apprehensive after reading some of the negative reviews on here about what would be waiting for us. However, all was good and I certainly would go back. We were able to check in without a problem having pre-booked our room online. The room cost £125, and for that we were given what appeared to be a newly refurbished room, immaculately clean and with everything we needed. Yes the rooms are small, but in comparison to whatever else is available in London, the room size seems to be about average. Our room was on the second floor, and it was the smallest of the rooms available. There was however a comfortable double bed which guaranteed a good nights sleep. I agree with previous posts about the wardrobe, this literally was a cupboard, if you were staying any more than two nights you'd probably have a problem with clothes storage. The bathroom is ideal - yes again small, but underfloor heating and a walk in 'drench' shower was really nice. Again, the bathroom was immaculate, and a major plus, despite this being a very small room and having a very warm shower, the mirror doesn't steam up. Another big plus about this place is the free high speed internet, and unlike many hotels, this is free, and this is high speed - exactly what you'd expect. All the usual channels and radio stations are available like you would expect. We had breakfast included in our stay, and again this was really nice. Everything you could possibly expect in a breakfast was available and it was all really nice. The only negative to this place was that it is a good five minutes walk from Paddington station. Some may not see this as a negative, however if you are limited with time in London, it may be slightly annoying not being in the 'centre' of London. But then again, at least it's quiet! I certainly would return to this hotel again, and I would recommend it.	
Nov 7 2009 	Not as bad as you might think	We recently stayed 1 night at the newly-opened Park Grand in London Paddington.We were initially a bit worried after reading some previous reviews, but fortunately, we had a pleasant enough stay overall. OK, there were some problems with details, but on the whole, it was fine.Location - about 10 min walk from London Paddington (and hence, Heathrow Express). Quiet neighbourhood but stil in London Zone 1, so, easy to get around. We stayed in a Club double room. The room has contemporary decor and was quite spacious, by London standards and we had more than enough space for our suitcases / luggage. We found the sound-proofing in our room sufficient for us. Bed was comfortable and air-conditioning / heating worked fine. Flat screen TV and wifi enabled. The en-suite bathroom / wet room was fine (with a sloped floor) and we had a glass shower divider, so, didn't flood the bathroom. No real problems with hot water aside from it taking a while to warm up. Good over head / rainfall style shower. Hairdryer provided in the wardrobe. Little touches like fresh flowers &amp; a small fruit bowl was nice. Lighting was good and sensible.However, although the hotel aspires to be 4 star, it's not there yet. There were some minor problems with details which will probably be ironed out over time once the hotel has been opened for a few months E.g:- the 'wardrobe' is pretty much non-existant (i.e. you probably have enough space for a suit, but that's about it)- there is coffee/tea/ kettle but we couldn't use the kettle as it wasn't plugged in and we couldn't reach the socket- the mini fridge was not switched on and we couldn't reach the socket- there is safe in the room but it is located about 2 inches off the floor and right at the back of one of the cabinets; so, if you are tall (like my other half), you end up going on your hand and knees to reach the safe door- There was some dust &amp; debris leftover from the rennovation work in the room &amp; bathroom- The box packaging of the glass shelf which was probably put up recently in the bathroom was still there, on the shelf.- The carpets have obviously not yet been cleaned properly post rennovation work as there were dirt marks and footprints on the carpets.Breakfast was OK but not fantastic - 3 star rather than 4 star. There were some cereals,a small buffet with the full English items, pastries, bread, 1 type of cheese, 1 plate of salami / ham, fruit salad &amp; yoghurt. The hash browns were excellent but we thought the pastries were rather stale and stodgy. Breakfast room felt slightly cramped. Tables too small for size of plates available - we ran out of space trying to fit our drinks, as well as plates, on the table. Plenty of serving staff but only a handful actually knew what they were suppose to be doing. Would we come back again? Yes, if the current rates of under £100 + VAT per room per night continue. No, if we had to pay the full rack rate over £250 + VAT per room per night.	
Nov 6 2009 	Loved My Stay	I was scared after reading all the reviews on the trip advisor and was about to cancel my booking. I was so right not to concel the booking. I am a frequent traveller to London and small rooms seems to be a problem in London. I was given a very nice and clean room. great bed and great staff. They would go an extra mile to accommodate your request. Breakfast was lovely. Would definetely come and stay there again.	
Nov 5 2009 	Total Shambles Not a 5 Star Hotel	Nice Hotel in great location but spoiled by being opened far to soon.I think it is very misleading to claim that it is a 5 star when it does not provide the following Room serviceA Bar that sells no alcohol and shuts at 10 pmNo restaurantNo daily paperVery poorly trained and curt staffChange times for breakfast at a whim and not bother to tell customersNo written bill other than credit card paper. Only free view in room and then not all the channels. No films, DVD player CD player IPod dock that workedNo table for tea making equipment to stand on and left on floor. Very dangerous and clearly a health and safety issuePaint on carpet in room Furniture damaged doors would not shut.Safe would not work.Locked out of room a couple of times.Asked for ice to be delivered to room never arrivedtwice ended up helping ourself from bar Its a shame hotel in wonderful position and pity that the hotel was opened too soon with very poorly trained staff who clearly most of the timedo not know what they are doing.Would no way pay the rack price but if you can get a deal and aware of its shortcomings then its a good option	
Nov 3 2009 	Definately not a 5star hotel and noway value for money!!!!	i did not like the fact that we were given a very small room located on the basement floor with no view for the amount of money we paid. No &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign was given and staff did not give enough warning when entering the room and we were disturbed twice in the space of 20mins. No instructions to use the telephone and no food menu given in the room. Absolutely no wardrobe space, putting clothes hangers on a small rail does not call it a wardrobe. Very low value for money!!!! Will not recommend this place to anyone and lastly the weekend spent in this hotel was meant to be a celebration for my engagement, what a disappointment!!!!!!!Hotel was newly built but deifinately should not have been opened to the public in the state it was.	
Nov 2 2009 	Not a 5 star. Still a lot of work to do. Initial point for trips good.	We arrived on Thursday evening at 23.30 o'clock. I sent the hotel a mail before we left Munich just to inform them about our late arrival. No reaction, no answer! We booked a room with double bed. We got the room nummer 337 which is on the first floor (bit strange with the room numbers for us cause normally the first number gives you a hint about the floor number). We had to carry the luggage ourselves. The elevator next to the reception was not working so we used the other one a few meters away. The room was at first sight nice. The second look was not so nice. There was dirt everywhere. You could still smell the paint and see that no one cleaned the room after the paint work was done. Nearly everywhere we found spray of paint. The floor in the bathroom was nearly white. The writing desk was just as deliverd by the furniture remover. The handlebars been still inside the drawer. The minisafe was not fixed. The minibar not existent. Bed not made. Footprints on the carpet.We complained about all and got another room. This time it was 328. This room was much smaller and had two single beds. In this room the funny story went on. TV not working. No warm water in the morning. Coverage of the air condition shaft missing. Fire detector still with a plastic cover on. The comment of the manager next day about this problem was very funny. He said that this cover is no problem because we are nonsmoker. I always thougt this thing should warn me if there is smoke in the room caused by fire or so. You never stop learning.The next morning we complained about the first and second room and got the promise that after arriving from town in the evening there will be a new room for us. This time it was room number 608. This room was against the others OK. Top floor. Enough space. Nice bed and more or less clean. What all the others have written was the same for us. Nothing to read about the hotel or surroundings in the room. Minisafe not fixed. Elevator makes big fun. You never know where you stop. Don't be scared if you press lower level and you stop at the 3rd floor. Obviously this is normal there.But not all was bad. The breakfast is good but again not on a 5 star niveau. The place itself is great for any trips to London. Underground is close. Also Paddington station if you come from Heathrow. When they get all word down and find some qualified cleaning personal and perhabs someone how knows how to run a hotel than this place could be fine.	
Nov 1 2009 	Don't be fooled - not 5 Star!	Stayed one night in its third week of operation. The hotel is in an excellent location but there is little else to recommend it - for starters, the room was absolutley tiny. There was hardly enough room to step from the door to the bed with banging you shin against the bedframe on the way over! Even worse was the bathroom, which was a coffin as expected. However, the shower was just a spray from the ceiling, without enclosure or even a sloped floor to drain the water. As such, everything in the bathroom got soaked, from the toilet paper to the toilet to the carpet by the bed. An arrangement designed by a moron. Speaking of which, the staff was not all that much better, acting aloof and clueless to concerns. One person next to us booked a suite on the top floor; he got a basement room instead and was told to hit the road if he didn't like his room change! The hotel is clean, it's new, but it's not 5-star by any stretch!	
Nov 1 2009	Misleading Advertisement	This place is a joke; got there with my 13 year old daughter to stay in a twin i had previously booked to be told that they could only offer a double. Eventually they gave us 2 singles in the basement. I think the london dungeons would have been cleaner and better finished and more suitable for guests. Woke up to no hot water, went to complain and one of the staff tried to make a joke of it by suggesting i turn the tap to hot, realised that there was a problem when someone else asked about the water too. 2nd night they gave us a twin room on the first floor, this was a reasonable size but not finished well and poorly thought out. Breakfast is poor. Stay away from this hotel its no 5 star, it is a dump and shaftesbury are shafting people !!	
Oct 31 2009 	No ***** star but just opened!	I stayed here with my daughter for three days and had a nice Introduction rate. Therefore I am ignoring a few minor issues, such as firelaram at 10PM (staff pressed wrong button!), staff at reception friendly but sometimes helpless and no PC for flight check-in (was able to use PC and Internet at Best Western 100m away). What bothered me most was the very tiny room, the wardrobe is hiding behind a panel and when we checked out we found more storage below the bed. The shower is divided from the rest of the bathroom by a curtain, nevertheless if you use the shower the floor of the bathroom is wet all over. Luckily the floor heating was able to cope with the wet in 20min. The design is nice with warm colours. Location great with a 5 minute walk to the bus stations direction Oxford Circus. Don't expect too much from English Breakfast: one sort of cheese and salami, toast, eggs, beans, two choices of cold drinks and cappuccino on request. If you get a good deal it is worth a try if quality has improved but don't expect a large spacious room.	
Oct 31 2009 	enjoyable stay	stayed last week, was told that it was the 2 nd day of opening. good size room &amp; helpful staff with good service attitude.check in took longer than expcted coz of chaos in reception, however after going into room we got a big releif. over all we will recommend this hotel to any visitor.	
Oct 30 2009 	Has Potential BUT....	We were sent to this hotel from the Royal Cambridge on Sussex Gardens for one night.We arrived at about 4 pm with a large queue in reception.There was a problem with the locking mechanism of some of the rooms. To cut a long story short it was 7pm before our room was ready.They offered us free breakfast on the Sunday morning but that was not much use to 4 lads hitting the town on a Saturday night.The room had a lovely view of a generator and there was no shower curtain which resulted in the bathroom floor being flooded during showers. Worse of all there was no toilet roll in the bathroom!!!!!The rooms are modern, nice flat screen TV with plenty of channels and the shower apart from the water going on the floor was powerful.When the hotel gets over its opening weeks teething problems I am sure it will be a good 4 star.By the way the hotel does not have a drinks licence yet so there is a mineral only bar only.There seemed to be no room service either.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fawlty towers	This hotel advertises itself as five star.It is not.Given the fact that they had just opened the previous week I should cut them some slack.Also the staff were helpful in a totally chaotic situation.They rushed to finish this hotel and it shows, a poor finish in places. Cheap materials at times. Small poorly designed rooms.Breakfast patchy to say the least.If you get a deal and know you are getting a three to four star hotel the location is great.Fantastic Chinese restaurant off the Bayswater road within walking distance 'New Fortune Cookie' is a must.	
