Jul 8 2009 	A bargain	If you are looking for luxury accomodations, can't handle steep stairs, or plan to spend a lot of time in your hotel room having an affair or whatever, this is not the place for you.But if you are just looking for a clean, quiet, inexpensive place to sleep in a supurb central London location, close to the Tube and buses and non-touristy shops, this place is hard to beat.From some of the other reviews I thought it might be noisy. I had a street-facing room on the top floor, and from there the traffic sounded very distant (and there wasn't very much of it). What woke me up in the mornings was the sound of birds chirping -- absolutely charming! The walls are thin so if you had noisy neighbors it could be a problem -- but all of my neighbors were quiet and polite (I was the only American there -- the others seemed to be French or Italian, or Brits). The rooms had a hot water heater with tea(hooray!), a telly, and plenty of closet space.Yes, the building is older, but well-kept and clean, and a very typical older London row house (by the time I visited Dickens' house it seemed very familiar!). The staff was very helpful to me, particularly on the first day when I was still fuzzy from my flight. The rooms are small and basic, but who in their right mind is going to go to London to sit in a motel room? The shared bathrooms were close to the rooms. I never had to wait for other people to finish and they were kept so clean I never had a perception that I was sharing them with other people. The breakfast was not gourmet fare but ok, with good coffee (the main thing i care about).My friends were staying at the Generator Hostel. By comparison, I felt I was living in the lap of luxury, and in the end I didn't spend that much more than they did.	
May 31 2009 	Don't stay there unless you have no other options!	This place has a lot of potential - it's in a good location which is walking distance to covent garden, leicester square etc. We'd also previously stayed in a similar property on the same street (Arran House hotel) and had a great experience. They were booked out this time so we gambled on this hotel, and it was totally different. The entire place needs a make-over. Our room didn't have an ensuite so we had to go up two flights of stairs to the toilet and shower. That shower didn't even work though (I gave up after about 5 minutes of trying to get a temperature that wasn't scalding or freezing, and the hose pipe is broken anyway so most of the water dribbles out before reaching the showerhead. Next time I tried the other shower, which was another couple of floors up, and that was slightly better but still terrible and disgusting with the same leaking pipe issue. All the pipes were rusting, the paint is peeling etc. Our room was just big enough for a double bed against the wall and a sink. The bed was terribly squeaky so you couldn't move without waking your partner. The worst part though was that after staying there, I woke up with about 15 &quot;bites&quot; all over my body. Had checked the room for mozzies before going to sleep and again in the morning, and slept with the window closed, so our best guess was bed bugs or fleas. The staff aren't particularly friendly or nice either. Told the guy about the likely bedbug issues when we checked out and he didn't seem very surprised or apologetic.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great location. Everything else OK	Gower House is situated in Bloomsbury. It is a basic budget hotel and in early 2009 cost £65 a night for a single room.There didn't appear to be a reception area. Instead you just ring the bell upon arrival and after you're given your room you get a key that opens both the main door into the building which is closed off-hours (from approx. 10.30pm until approx. breakfast time 7.30am) and an indoor hallway door that leads to the rooms. There was a member of staff in the basement on the one occasion I went there off-hours (about 6.30am) so it seems there's always at least one member of staff in the building. (All staff I encountered were friendly).The room itself was very basic. For the price you're not going to get an attractive room in this location. I thought it was a bit cold during the night- it was the middle of winter. The heat came on about 5am and there was usually just enough warm water for washing in the morning - though it sometimes took a while to get that warm water. The room was spacious enough with small colour TV (terrestrial channels), desk, closet, and several lights. Everything was very basic budget quality - the room, bed, shower, bathroom, etc. The main problem with the room was noise from all night traffic on Gower Street, including a bus stop right outside the hotel. I was in a front room so ask for a room facing the back if you're a somewhat light sleeper. There is no lift/elevator but there aren't that many floors and the stairs aren't steep, like in Amsterdam, so it won't be a problem unless you've got mobility issues.Breakfast was served in the basement. You could have bacon &amp; eggs or a poached egg plus cereal, toast, tea and coffee. It was better than most budget hotels I've stayed in.The location is excellent. Gower House is on the same street as the British Museum, close walking distance to many of London's main attractions, and within 10 minutes walk of several Tube stations. There are very few shops on Gower Street itself but nearby (less than 5 minutes walk) Tottenham Court Road has plenty of shops (ie Tesco, Boots, fast food restaurants) and a couple of pubs.Next time I'm in London I'll stay in the same area but Gower House won't be my first choice. That said, it WILL be one of my alternatives if I can't get my first choice. So, overall, I'd recommend it for 'no frills' budget conscious travelers who want to be close to the centre of London but don't want to stay in a dump.	
Nov 13 2008 	Clean basic convenient location polite staff	The short description: clean, basic, no frills accommodation reasonably priced, with a good location. Gower House is in an older building, so you may have to carry your luggage up stairs. Something to consider if you have mobility issues.The hotel staff were very accommodating re changing the dates of my stay and also granting my request for a room on the main floor. The room, I had, could easily accommodate 3 people, but they didn't ask me to change rooms when it became busy on the weekend, and charged me the single rate.There was also no problem leaving my luggage until I was ready to leave for the airport the afternoon of my departure. They were even nice enough to extend my checkout time by 30 min.The breakfast, which was included in the price of the room, was simple but ample, bacon, eggs, cereal, coffee and toast. The location is a 10 min walk from the British Museum. A 5 - 10 min walk from Goodge St. Station (which has elevators - very helpful when hauling luggage around), and very close to a variety of restaurants and stores. Boots Pharmacy and Sainsbury were on Tottenham Crt Rd. There are some nice, reasonably priced restaurants near the Museum and also on Charlotte St.A few of the people staying here, seemed to be repeat customers who were working/doing research at the British Museum or University College London.All in all not a bad place to stay. I'd recommend room 1, main floor, at the back of the building.	
Apr 16 2008 	clean place to stay	I needed to find an afordable place to stay in the bloomsbury area. This was it. I stayed in several different rooms at the house. All were clean with fresh towels daily. The street side of the house is very noisy, do request garden side! I would pay the extra for en-suite as the bathrooms are more up to date. There is no lift and only 2 rooms on the ground floor. It's a lot of steps to the top. Breakfast is served 7:30 - 9:30 you get cereal, juice coffee or tea, bacon(english ham) 2 eggs and toast.Nothing great but better than nothing. This hotel is within walking distance of the British museum. Bus stops on the street.Tube station at end of street. Owners friendly and accomadating.	
Dec 12 2007	Great Little Place On Gower Street	[--]I asked on a forum for an inexpensive place that was near the British Museum and Charing Cross Road, and this was suggested. Goodge street is the nearest underground station, and it was simple to get there from Stansted. I really enjoyed my stay here, in room # 1. It was on the ground floor, very quiet as the window faced the back garden, and for one traveler there was lots of room; one bed to sleep in and one for my suitcase. Comfortable bed, TV, scrupoulously clean room, and ensuite bathroom with shower.Helpful and friendly staff. If you want cheap food, there's a Chinese store on Store Street that sells pot noodles and very good maki, and there are also some convenience stores in the same street.	
Apr 15 2009 	ottimo hotel a London!		
