Apr 11 2008 	Complete disappointment	Blooms is both a waste of time and moneyWe stayed at Blooms because we booked the Grange White Hall Hotel and without any explanation they moved us next door to Blooms, which is even a worse place than Grange. When we asked why they could not accommodate us in Grange, they invented poor reasons.Anyway, we stayed at both, the Grange White Hall Hotel and Blooms. We would not stay in either again, even for free. They are both a complete disappointment.The beds are very old and extremely unconfortable. The rooms are ugly and the floor makes a terrible noise with every your step or worse with every step of the person occupying the room above you. You can clearly hear everything: banging doors, people talking or making love in the next room. There is no double glazing. The windows are old and do not shut properly, and if windy, it makes some additional noise...The TV is the smallest possible (12 Inches?) and has only 3 or 4 channels tuned (not even properly tuned).There were dead insects in the room that had not been cleaned, actually I don't think the rooms get much of a cleaning anyway.No more business with them and we do not recommend to anybody! Four stars? Never!	
Jul 10 2007	strange policy of showing distrust to customers	Stayed at a double room at average 118,- GBP incl. VAT and continental breakfast. Room and bed quite small. Quiet even though window to street, very decent and neat&amp;clean. Room was fairly warm (slept without blanket), even though the weather was cool and had been so for days (strange); no air condition, but ceiling fan. Breakfast quite good by London standards ;-) Private atmosphere. Very centrally located (British museum behind the house, tube stations 10 minutes, 15 minutes walk to covent garden), area pleasant but busy. Staff very friendly with one exception (see below), the latter being reason enough for me not to return. Otherwise recommendable. For lower budget try the Imperial Hotel (see my review there).(* London hotels demand credit card upon check-in to pre-reserve payment; strange policy for high-standard hotels, but obviously standard in London, probably for good reason. They also demand a global pre-validation for extras (here: 40,- GBP for three nights stay, e.g. for room service), which may still be ok. However, when they demanded to see and slide the credit card a third time during the stay, even though we had spent nothing on extras so far (!), I indignantly took the freedom to ask why and received a very rude and arrogant reply, including &quot;I can't trust anyone&quot;. Quite offending if you ask me; shouldn't happen in a place of this fine standard.)	
Jun 2 2007 	Great location pleasant stay	A small group of us stayed for two weeks in April and had a very pleasant stay. The hotel is in a lovely area of London call Bloomsbury, which has the advantage of being in a quiet neighborhood and being close to a number of attractions (British Museum, Covent Garden, Soho, Piccadilly Circus, Trafalgar Square) and two Tube stops. There are numerous restaurants, shops, and food stores within walking distance. We booked through their website and the rate was decent compared with a number of similar class hotels in London. The rooms were small but very clean. The staff was courteous and helpful. I would be careful with the breakfast that is included for some days- the reservation confirmation listing when breakfast is included is confusing so make sure you ask first. Otherwise you could get a not so pleasant surprise on your bill! Overall a great experience, we would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 14 2007 	Comfortable stay	Booked one night theatre break via hotel website at a good rate. Hotel in good location within walking distance of Covent Garden. Had room on front of hotel overlooking Montague st, room was on the small side but comfortable and well equipped. Continental breakfast was adequate and well presented and all the staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely use again when visiting London.	
Dec 5 2006	A Real Find !	Sadly, things got off to a bad start, the girl on reception said that we were booked into the adjoining 'Grange Whitehall Hotel'. I moaned and stood my ground: we had booked the Blooms Hotel and that's what we wanted! To the hotels credit, things were quicky put right ! Perhaps as a gesture of goodwill, the room was quicky made available ( 10.30 am).Our room, overlooking Montague St was very pleasantly furnished. A complimentary bowl of fruit was a nice-touch. The bathroom was more than adequate, with quality complimentary toileteries. Everything was spotlessly clean.Our rate included continental-breakfast, which is served in thebasement restaurant. The atmosphere was 'cosy and intimate' an expression that would well describe the hotel in general. The breakfast itself was the usual thing, however, everything was constantly replenished by the very effecient and friendly waiter / concierge, for whom nothing was too much trouble. The hotel staff were generally warm and friendly, but theconcierge deserves a special-mention: if only all hotel personelcould be like him ! The bottom-line is: would I stay there again? I can honestly answer, yes!	
Mar 24 2006	Second time around - still a great deal for London	We first stayed at the Blooms in 2002 which was really good and a great deal for the money. This time we booked through the new owner's website Grange Hotels. The price was great at 89 pounds per night for an executive double, including taxes and breakfast. I was worried about the reviews and even called ahead about the refurbishing and possible noise. They confirmed that the hotel was undergoing rehaul but said work would stop at 5 pm.Well we got there and they kept their promise. We heard no more drills, saws etc. until Monday morning, the day of our departure.Our room (room 203) was just fine, well appointed in that English kind-of-way and very clean. In fact, it was newly refurbished (including the bath) and you could smell the new paint. Tea, coffee, fresh fruit and biscuits are provided on the house which is very useful and quite nice!The staff was very friendly - albeit you never saw the same face twice. People in other reviews complained about the thin walls and noise - but it's not that bad! We had a room on the British Museum side (not on the street). And yes you hear muffled voices but we have had a lot worse in London!My only gripe is that the Continental breakfast is a little sad. It's very basic, of lesser quality and the butter was a bit rancid (or maybe that's how the Brits like it?). Anyway, I wouldn't pay extra for it. For &quot;included&quot; it was acceptable. One morning I just preferred to go to Cafe Nero...there are plenty of places near Convent Garden and The Strand.All in all - I will definitely go back to the Blooms - the location is really great. A lot can be reached by foot - and when your legs threaten to strike, the tube stations are well situated.From the Airport (ours was Gatwick) you can catch the ThamesLink Train to Kings Cross (10 pounds) and walk to hotel or take tube or bus to Russel Square. Easy connection, except on our way back, the ThamesLink failed (This is England, not Germany) and we had to take another route. That was stressful - so please always leave plenty of time to get to the airport (two and a half hours before departure). We just made it - ouff!	
Jan 15 2006 	3 nights in a good hotel	i was a bit afraid 'cause of some reviews... but the hotel is very good!with clean, immaculate bed, our room (203) was perfect. (even if the walls are not thick so we were annoyed by the very --- active neighbours!) it has view on the british museum. location is perfect, not far from russel square tube or holborn tube. buffet breakfast was ok, everything you want, sweet or salt, but not the typical english breakfast. people at desk are ok, friendly and nice. they booked a taxi for us in the early morning and the taxi was waiting for us when we check out.	
Jan 8 2006	Honest Opinion	Having booked through an agency, I was worried about some of the comments posted and nearly cancelled the stay, however, some postings were complimentary and kept the booking for one night.Well we stayed last night and were confused as to which hotel we had booked .. White Hall next door owned by the same company. Duly redirected we arrived at the Town House and our room was not ready, however as it was 11.00 am it was expected. We booked in and left our bags with reception, armed with provided maps set off for the West End. We arrived back at around 5.00, claimed our bags and set off for our room .... situated at the back and overlooking the British Museum, Rm 204 was clean and fresh, well appointed, roomy, fresh fruit, mini bar, good TV picture .. well pleased! The bed was crisp and fresh with immaculate linen. My only grumble was the fan in the en-suite was noisy but we found out how to turn it off!Breakfast was calm and under full control of the waitress. Food was fresh and plentiful ... fresh crossaints etc. Checkout ... quick and efficientStaff ... mostly foreign but frioendly and helpful to the extreme.I guess a lot of the adverse comments applied to the Hotel next door ... this one was 10/10	
Dec 19 2005	Great hotel	I find it hard to believe these other reviews. I stayed in this hotel for one night and it was excellent value. The staff were very helpful and friendly and the service was excellent. The room was clean and it overlooked the British Museum and the tiny but characteristic garden. For £59 per room per night one would find it pretty hard to find other hotels in such a central, quiet location of the same standard. This is certainly the best area of London to stay in.	
Nov 17 2005 	A waste of money	Last week I stayed for 4 nights at a dreadful single room at Blooms Hotel for which I paid the &quot;preferential&quot; rate of 120 GB/day!The room was EXTREMELY SMALL (even for London) and so was the bed. Almost everything was worn, the lines and the matress not very clean, the bathroom needs urgently a renovation and there is no satelite tv (unless if in London BBC is regarded a satelite channel!). There was no mini-bar just a tray with 2 cokes and bottles of water, which-if consumed- are forgotten to be replaced. The worst of all, though, was the terrible smell of smoke in the room! Smoker myself, I always reserve smoking rooms but I never have seen this before! This room has not seen fresh air for ages!Avoid this hotel!	
Aug 15 2005	A sad experience	We found this hotel and staff delightful during several previous stays. It was expensive, but always worth it. However, it appeared that when it changed owners it also changed attidude. The new staff seemed disinterested in being helpful in any way.The things that made the rooms attractive before e.g. fresh flowers, edible fresh fruit, cheerful flowered bedspreads--all were gone. The rooms were no longer clean. The bed pillows had been replaced by an assortment of small, very old and very lumpy ones (we finally put towels in the pillowcases in order to sleep.) The towels were dingy, ragged and thin, some actually had large holes in them. The breakfast room, once charming with excellent service, was not clean, the buffet food unattended, the staff nowhere to be seen.	
Nov 30 2004	Okay	We had a pleasant stay at the hotel, august 2004. Although some things in the hotel were a bit old, the staff was nice and friendly. The rooms were okay, and the location of the hotel is perfect! Like the others said: when you have paid the full price you would be more negative about the hotel. I agree with that.	
Nov 26 2004	Location Okay But Staff Not Friendly	Nice location &amp; neighborhood but this boutiquey hotel is not particularly user friendly or attentive. Extra charges for everything, eg. 800 calls. Staff unable/ unwilling to assist with routine traveler requests such as keeping bags in room for a short time past check-out. (We were told our bags would be held in a safe area but returned to find them out in the open lobby.) Room was nice but one could certainly find better value for the money in London.	
Oct 1 2004	Comfort and value with English charm	Our stay at the Blooms the last week of September was made more enjoyable by the very helpful staff and the wonderful location. We had a room overlooking Montague street and because there is no air conditioning in the hotel, needed to have the windows open which did make it rather noisy at night.That said, everything else in the room was more than adequate. We had a fairly spacious room with a four poster bed with two arm chairs, a desk and a paper delivered to the door in the morning. One morning the breakfast room was busy but with the sister hotel next door (White Hall) we enjoyed breakfast there with no delays or problems. The accomodations were clean although abit worn, especially the towels. If you were paying full price, there might be more to view negatively, but overall we were very pleased with the value. With an afternoon flight, we even had time to spend better than an hour at the British Museum before leaving for home as the museum is only a five minute walk from the hotel. The Russel Square tube stop is a few minutes walk through the park and nearby on New Oxford Street is a wonderful Italian restaurant called Prezzo. If you are travelling in the winter months when air conditioning is not a factor, then this hotel is quite fine. Otherwise at a slightly higher rate, better accomodations could be had next door, especially in the summer.	
Jun 1 2004	Shambolic Breakfast	We stayed in Blooms on 29 May. The room was lovely and quiet, which is always important. However, as the weekend was a birthday treat we were rather disappointed in the morning. We came down to breakfast to see a very stressed waiter running round and 6 people ahead of us waiting to be seated at a table. Eventually we were seated - despite paying for a cooked breakfast we were told this wasn't available. Tea and coffee didn't arrive for about quarter of an hour - we had to ask the stressed waiter for this...and the waiter was having problems topping up the poor selection of continental breakfast. A second waiter appeared eventually - as we were finishing breakfast he said, sorry they had made a mistake, cooked breakfast was available. Although this doesn' t sound much, we were rather disappointed - at £140 for the night we did expect better service - also, being away for the weekend, to de-stress, we did not want to pick up other people's stress. There were a couple of other touches that failed to meet up to our expectations e.g. the brochure says all rooms have a free Times - there were no daily papers to be had. In summary, OK for an average hotel - but Blooms advertises itself as something special. I wouldn't stay there again. 	
Apr 27 2004	xmas in london	my wife and i spent a glorious 5 days here over the christmas holidays. we were given a larger corner room which was quite comfortable. the staff was very pleasant and helpful, pointing out several things to see and do that made our stay more enjoyable. they even got us great theatre seats.given the prices here and how well our dollar isn't doing, we found blooms quite affordable. certainly it is not berift of character either. somehow, a holiday inn or a marriott in london just doesn't cut it. we'd go back.	
Sep 26 2003	Simply lovely	What a neat hotel!! Small enough to be personal, but professional in every way. Lovely help in the bar, great little garden to sit in . We got one of the special deals and it was an amazing buy for London. Only bad thing is that now we will stay there even at full price!	
Jul 23 2003	Charming Hotel at an affordable price	This is one of my two favorite London hotels (The other is the Chesterfield Mayfair). On my last trip to London in May 2003, I had an elegant four poster room on the first floor overlooking Montagu Street. The staff is attentive; the location superb. You can eat your breakfast in a private garden. I paid 57 pounds per night.	
Jan 15 2003	Poor Value for Money	Stayed here in during a hot spell in September 2002 with my wife and mother-in-law. Rooms were tiny with no air conditioning which was surprising for a hotel of this price. When the ceiling fan was turned to try to alleviate some of the heat the room was instantly sprayed with dust (the fan hadn`t been cleaned for years). We were moved to a room which hadn`t been properly cleaned since the last occupant had left it. Another additional complaint - no room fridge or minibar and an extortionate phone bill (7 minutes call to Japan - 60 pounds!)Only two bright spots - the location - right next to the British Museum and the breakfast - which was really quite nice.All in all very poor value for money.	
Aug 9 2002	Hotel has moved	The Hotel Alexander which TripAdvisor lists was located at 9 Sumner Place, South Kensington. It upgraded in the early 90s from a budget hotel to something more expensive. The last time I stayed there it was in receivership, and recently the townhouses seem to have been sold to private parties. However, there is now a budget Alexander Hotel on Belgrave, near Victoria Station, and from its Web site, it appears to be closer to the original formula. For something more like what the Alexander was trying to become (and failed), try Blooms Townhouse Hotel, right on the block with the British Museum (circa $155/single). Rating is for Blooms, a nice, nice place to stay.	
