Nov 9 2009 	estrimely good	We travel with our four childeren and we lodge in Kent hall infat my kids really love the family rome 39 in third floor b,co's it has a very big space for them to fun. i will be going back shortly and defenetly to K.H.H. the manager with glases is very nice, the staffs. Anna from Ireland.	
May 1 2009 	Value For Money	I stayed at Kent Hall for a night out in Town with work colleagues, I was very pleasently surprised. The Hotel is not luxurious by any means, but is very comfortable and adequate for a cheap stay in Town. Got a good nights sleep, bed was very comfortable, I asked for an early breakfast and was provided with a tray which was overloaded with cereal, tea, coffee, and milk already in the fridge.I would certainly use Kenthall again for 1 or 2 night stay in London.	
Jan 1 2009 	simply perfect	very simple hotel rooms quite worn and dated but very clean.Also fridge in room very useful.Tea tray available free from reception with enough tea coffee milk and suger to satisfy an army of guests.This was brought to the room 2 mins after our request Excellent location for central london.Tube 1 min away bus stop outside including night buses.Staff intelligent helpful and friendly without being intrusive.Staff also very efficient.Breakfast good .(although not full English still nice)Location full of vibrancy and diversity although this could be perceived as a little frightening for the less experienced travellers.Free car parking on the front of the hotel a major benefit and only10 mins back to the M1.All in all a no frills but excellent value for money gem.	
Apr 30 2008	It is NOT central!!!! Rough area!!!	It is NOT central!!!! Rough area, also - - you wouldnt go out after dark !	
Jul 15 2005	Simply but ok	Taking account the variety of hotels and prices in london, and, also, the quality of some of them, I'll recomend this hotel encouragely. Kent Hall is not a Barroque Garden neither a Luxury Palace, but for the money you pay is above de average in central london.Also, the city centre and major attraction are easyly reachable by tube or bus.The only disadvantage I could point out is that the borough seems to be pretty scary, if you do not know the area, but I've to say that I felt safe at everytime.	
Jan 16 2005	Great!	this is a very nice and cosy hotel!i have been staying there with my classamtes for a london trip. we had the dormitory with seven beds! it is a little bit old fanshioned but there were Toiletts and a shower in the room. this was very important to us.it also has a colour TV =) (fine for us students)also a great plus is, that the hotel is very central ... it is really (like it says on the home page) 10 minutes to the center by tube (the station manor house is 2 minutes away) and the bus stop is in front of the house!the breakfast was fine as well.the hotel staff were really nice and helpful!it is a nice hotel if you wanna make a london city trip!if you have any questions , don't bother contacting me:pinkmango@web.de	
Aug 27 2004	Just Right	I have stayed at the Kent Hall Hotel four times with student groups touring London. We stayed in the dormitory rooms on the fourth floor and found the hotel very suitable to our needs. It is not luxurious, but it is comfortable and clean and close to transportation into the city (tube stations and buses). I wish it had an elevator, as we each had two large suitcases to lug to the fourth floor. The breakfasts were simple but adequate, and the staff members were friendly and helpful. I would stay at the Kent again on future trips to London.	
May 13 2007	Wer sich wohlfühlen will sucht was anderes		
