Sep 16 2009 	Would not stay again	Booked this a 30th birthday present for a family member as the website looked all singing and dancing. Got there at 11am having been up from 5am to get a flight and after being assured that we could get in early we didnt. The apartment was not ready and the concierge was only covering so know very little about the area. We ended up leaving our bags in her &quot;kitchen&quot; (1m square max so with 5 peoples bags quite full) and went to look around. Ended up in a shop across the road who had chairs and we sat down and waited. Eventually got in at 1.30 to find no welcome pack unless you count 4 teabags, 4 coffee sachets and 4 pots of UHT milk. As there were 5 of us this was no good. Glasses were chipped and cracked and the place was just clean. When I booked they were advertising Molton Brown toiletries but this was not the case. It was handy having the cooker (after we worked out how to use it) but it would have been nice if it was clean. Check out at 10.30 was too early for us as we weren't flying until 5pm so asked if we could stay until 11.30 / 12. After much difficulty this was agreed. IF i was to stay in a Marlin apartment again I would stay in more central location, it was unfortunate that at the time of booking this was the only one that could accommodate us.	
Aug 25 2009 	Terrible place with AWFUL service- dont waste your time.	The room was booked on the day, and at the time of booking I specifically asked if the room had air conditioning, and I was told that although it didn’t “we have very large windows that are opened in advance of your arrival and so the room will be nice and cool” (it was a very hot day). I booked a studio suite at the Marlin South Canary at a rate of £120 for the night. Upon arrival, I was allocated Appt. 41 in building 9 Byng Street. When I entered the room I noticed it was very warm and the only window in the entire apartment would only open about 5cm in a diagonal fashion, rather than opening fully outwards. As the evening progressed, the room became even hotter. The bathroom was also very stuffy and we discovered that this was as a result of the mirror being heated internally, perhaps to prevent condensation. However on a hot day, in a room with a window that only opens a crack, this is definitely not suitable. At roughly 11pm, the temperature in the room was no longer bearable, at which point I went down to the reception in 9 Byng Street to ask the person on duty if there was any way to open the window any further or if there was any help that could be provided. There was a gentleman at the desk, and I told him the room we were staying in and told him it was very hot and asked if there was anything that could be done. He responded by asking “would you like a fan?” and when I said yes, he responded almost immediately saying “actually sorry they are all given out to other guests”. So why offer me something which you cannot provide?! I then said is there any way the window can open further, to which he replied “no sorry, I know that room’s window does not open very much as a previous guest has also had the same problem and complained about the heat”. I was amazed to hear this and found it shocking that if this issue has been previously brought to the attention of management, and it was a night that was known to be hot, why were we allocated that room?I went for a walk outside for a few minutes to cool down and get away from the heat of the room (after 11pm). During this walk I went to a store and bought some cold bottles of water, however when I returned to the room, we discovered that these could not be kept cold for very long as the refrigerator was broken. We tried to sleep but it was just too hot and we felt like we were in a sauna. At 1am we decided to try and go to another hotel but at that point we realised it would be tough to find another room nearby as it was so late. So we slept very little because of the heat and had an extremely uncomfortable night. The room was still very hot in the morning and the entire stay was very substandard. A fundamental point of any hotel stay is the quality of comfort and sleep your guests get, but we got hardly any sleep due to the conditions in the room. I am amazed at the fact that guests had previously complained about the heat issue in that room, however it was still allocated to us for that night, which was known to be very hot, and on top of that we were told at the time of booking that all rooms had “lovely large windows”!When i checked out, I told the duty manager about our experiences, and she herself recommended that I complain officially and ask for a refund. However when I wrote an e-mail about our experiences, I had to continually chase up a response from the manager called Ian. After repeated attempts to contact him he told me that they were unable to offer me a refund as there was nothing wrong with the room. He asked if i could remember the name of the staff member who had taken my reservation and told me the room would be cool. I wasnt aware that I needed to take staff names when making bookings?! As I couldnt remember the name, he told me that noone admitted saying this to me, and &quot;based on the evidence&quot;, my claim for a refund given that Marlin had misrepresented their room quality was denied. Its not surprising that the staff service was so poor when the manager himself is so incompetent and basically calls his dissatisfied customers liars! I cant get my money back but i definitely wouldnt want anyone else to waste their money by staying here. Stay at the Radisson in the wharf instead, same price, much nicer and actually has AC and polite staff!	
May 18 2009 	Noisy unsafe and crowded - I would not recommend this accommodation.	My friends and I stayed at Canary Wharf South apartments on Saturday 16/05/09 for one night only having paid £185.00 through 'Last Minute'.When we arrived there was one bath towel and small hand towel despite the booking stating that it was for three adults. There was also no welcome and we had no understanding of how to 'book in' until we rang the main office line and was subsquently advised what to do.The towel situation was rectified however, on our arrival back to the apartments (we went to a concert at the O2 arena) we were greeted by a large number of youths who were 'hanging out' in the stair well. The security door to the apartments was faulty and was therefore accessible to anyone.The youths were aggressive to my friends and I and were clearly intoxicated as there were cans of beer and crisp packets strewn all over the staircase.At one point, a youth threatened my partner with physical violence after he had asked them to move out of the way in order to allow us to retreat to our room.Throughout the night, we were subjected to excessive noise (swearing and shouting) and doors banging.We attempted to contact the duty manager (by their extension) and main reception number several times throughout the night but received no answer.We did contemplate calling the police but as the large group of youths were outside our apartment door all night we were fearful of reprecussions.At 8am, we were disturbed again by a youth asking us whether we had a mop as he had been asked by a staff member to clean up the hallway.The staff member was in the hallway and we asked if we could see the manager as none of us had slept all night.The staff member promised to get the manager.Two and a half hours later, we had not seen the manager and tried to telephone again but without success.In addition to this, we had no hot water therefore, none of us could bathe/shower before we left.We left London very tired and unhappy with the whole experience. It felt very unsafe in the middle of the night and we had no one to contact although I appreciate we could have phoned the police.This is the first and last time I use Marlin apartments and I would not recommend this accommodation.	
Oct 27 2008 	Bad Location	As we entered the apartments, the check-in was fine with the codes/lockbox very clear instructions. As we looked around our penthouse, on the balcony there was still wine glasses on the floor and beer cans that had'nt been cleaned up. The rest of the apartment was clean. At first I was disappointed with the size of the 'biggest apartment' in the block as it was the penthouse. We had paid £250 a night and it didn't seem worth it until I recently stayed in a normal hotel room and I can appreciate the size now. However, there is no furniture ie chairs/tables on the balcony. I was Very disappointed with the location. If you want to travel by public transport to sightsee..this is NOT the apartments for you. You not only have to ge the tube, you need to pay extra everyday for the DLR ( docklands railway service) as there is no tube nearby. The DLR is also hard to find and it a good 15 min walk. There are a few local shops &amp; takeaways near by which are OK but no where to eat out as such. There is a small local supermarket where you can pick up essentials.Our view from the 'top' penthouse looked like a construction site. There is alot of work &amp; building going on around the whole area. It was very noisy from early morning until late afternoon, even on the Sunday. The nearest general surroundings are blocks of flats. These are residential flats and lets just say they're 'council estates'. We spotted a few groups of youths around outside when on our balcony at night.To sum it up, our stay was a good experience with the exception of the location, which connot be helped.	
Sep 22 2008 	The Worst!!	We wanted to stay at Canary Wharf so booked Canary South apartments through Marlin. What a disappointment. It is not far from the center of Canary Wharf but in a dubious location, not for walking at night alone. No concierge, dustbins to greet us at fhe front entrance and dirty lobby with papers strewn about. The apartment was no better, with kitchen furniture broken, carpets and curtains stained, windows broken, even the hairdryer was broken. Customer service is non-existent. I have been trying to get a reply from them now for 4 days but they are not capable of returning calls. If you want to book an apartment with Marlin, I would recommend you look elsewhere. I have stayed in numerous serviced apartments in London and these were the worst.	
Sep 15 2008 	We loved it	The apartment was spotless, well furnished and stocked and of a high quality. The rooms were very spacious and comfortable. An initial mix-up with our booking was resolved on arrival with efficiency and professionalism. Cheaper than a London hotel, but with 10 times the space, a great location and easy access (and on-street parking). We would definitely recommend Marlin apartments and will definitely use them in the future - short-term rental apartments...it's the way forward! Our two night, weekend, romantic getaway was a complete success!	
Dec 4 2007 	Loved Marlin Apartments	Wanted a nice weekend in London without the hassle of a hotel so opted for a Marlin Apartment - [--]found website really easy to use, great choice of locations. Booked a one bedroomed in Empire Square, decided to walk there after a trip on the London Eye, as it was a great chance to enjoy the activities along the River Thames. Collected our key, loved everything about the apartment, immaculate, wonderfully furnished, really comfortable and fab welcome pack of goodies, even fresh milk! Spent great time wandering around Borough Market. Concierge booked taxi for evening to go into the city, then we walked most the way back as it was such a nice evening.Apartments are very secure with everything to hand. Best nights sleep for ages. Definitely will stay in Marlin apartments in preference to London hotels and will recommend to all our friends.	
Dec 4 2007	wonderful apartment	I was so impressed by my stay at: the Marlin Apartments, Empire Square, London Bridge, 34 Long Lane, London, SE1 4NH on Saturday and Sunday. I wanted to rave about it on this website.The luxury apartments were spacious, beautifully decorated, with a lovely personal touch of a welcome pack for the Kitchen and lovely Moulton Brown beauty products and booklet information. I would thoroughly recommend the apartment which I will definitely use again. Well Done to Marlin Apartments.	
Sep 5 2007 	Don't stay here!!	I totally agree with the comments of the other guest who gave the apartments a 1 star rating.These apartments are terrible and sooo not worth the price.They are boiling hot and there is no AC. After complaining for 4 days (it was so hot we couldn't sleep - and it wasn't even hot outside!) we finally got given one fan which just made it bearable. The water heating also is terrible, sometimes there is no hot water at all and even when there is it goes from hot to cold in the shower all the time. Having a shower is a total accident risk as the shower is over the bath and there is no mat or handles and it is completely slippery, I almost fell over several times. I hate to think what it would be like for an elderly person.The concierge is hardly ever available.When our room was serviced (which only happens once a week) we were left with 1 towel - for both of us for a week! It took two days to get more.And although there is a kitchen with dishwasher and washing machine there is no washing up liquid, dishwasher powder or washing powder. I could go on and on but that is probably enough.	
Aug 13 2007 	Couldn't wait to leave	While the apartments look decent from afar, I found that they were extremely uncomfortable and badly looked after. We stayed at Canary South, which despite being close to Canary Wharf, was not in a very good area. In fact there was even a police incident just outside the door during our stay! I didn't feel comfortable walking home at night. There were often kids shouting and arguments going on just outside our window.The water heating was terrible. At first we couldn't get anything between freezing cold and boiling hot water in our shower. When we complained they &quot;fixed&quot; it so we couldn't get any hot water at all for the remainder of our stay! When we informed the management, they told us that there was nothing wrong with the water!The building is really hot and muggy, and except for the door in the living room, the windows barely open to let air in. We were given a fan but it hardly helped. I wouldn't recommend Marlin apartments to anyone. We have stayed at Canary Riverside for a similar price, and it was the lap of luxury in comparison.	
Jun 8 2007	Simply The Best!!!!!	I always use Trip Advisor before booking anything [some might say i'm rather fussy!!] but after reading the one bad comment and two good comments, i asked them about teh bad points the Australian guy mentions ie no concierge [which they have], check in time of 9am [which is actually 10:30] and poor service [they offered to show me around the apartments to put my mind at rest. As i wasn't in London i said that I was unable to, but the fact that they offered meant alot. I checked in with no problems, they give you clear and concise directions and the apartment was stunning. Although they provide a weekly maid service, i asked if they could come in twice a week , which they said they could, and was pleasantly surprised by the price!! At all stages of my booking and stay i have to say, i found Marlin to be exceptional, i travel alot and rarely find a company like this, that really will go the extra mile to make your stay great. Even when i needed to extend, they did this withut fuss or hassle. Final word - if you are picky and want a great apartment coupled with superb customer service - use Marlin!!!!!!!	
Mar 7 2007 	Great Promotion!	I recently stayed here for Valentines' weekend as they ran a special price promotion. It is rare to find a company that really goes the extra mile, but Marlin did. The welcome pack was lovely, the Molton Brown toiletries were divine and the bed was so comfy! I have stayed in other apartments but none that had free broadband, and a good SKY tv package. It is SO close to Canary Wharf itself, literally five minute walk - it was just perfect for everything we needed and wanted! Thanks Marlin - Keep up the good work!	
Jan 25 2007	Home From Home	My daughter and I stayed at Marlin Apartments recently after booking a day spa at the Sanctury, the apartment was home from home the views were spectacular over london the apartment was warm inviting the furnishings were comfortable, very clean and all well presented down to the finishing touches, everything was laid out so perfectly could not fault it would highly recommend it the only dissapointment was we had to go home, we will certainly stay there again.	
May 16 2006	Badly managed	Having stayed in a shortstay apartment in Canary Wharf last year I tried to get the same one again but sadly it was not available. As I wanted free broadband there was not much choice and I agreed to take a near-new apartment in Canary South. Before the managing agents would accept my booking I had to sign and fax back a contract that agreed to give one month's notice if I had to cancel. I had to pay a deposit and there was a 5% surcharge for using Amex and 3% for Visa or MC. I only needed 6 nights. Finally it was agreed that I had complied with all the RULES and was emailed confirmation which told me check-in time was 3pm. Check out time was 9am. I was to get to the apartments and enter a code to get in and anothercode in a box to get my key. My plane from Australia arrived midday and I arrived at the apartments by taxi just after 2.30pm. Ok... so I got past the first door into a small entry with boxes on the wall. I found my box, put in the code and there was no key. No seat, no concierge, no where to put my luggage. A pager number but no phone - and my Australian mobile phone wasn't active. Although exhausted after 24 hours travel I had to wait it out until the magical 3pm. A lady came down in the lift and I asked if she could advise me who would be putting the key in the box. She was the housekeeper but needed to call the pager. She got no response. I wouldn't let her go!! She kept trying the pager number and finally got authority to give me my key. The apartment was pleasantly furnished and the broadband worked well. There was no dressing table in the bedroom and the only place with a power point and mirror for drying hair was in the lounge. The instructions for all the equipment was well set out and easy to follow. The shower was over the bath with a folding glass screen. There was no non-slip mat in the bath and no handles to hold onto getting in and out of the very steep bath. This would not be suitable for elderly people… not really safe for anyone. The towels were small. No corkscrew or salt and pepper shakers. A very strange welcome pack that included Cornflakes, tea and coffee but no milk. While staying there I emailed the managers with my concerns and suggestions. I was as good as told no one else had complained and that they would look into a dressing table in the bedroom for future developments. No thanks for my feedback about the slippery bath. I won’t stay at Canary South Apartments managed by Marlin Apartments again. A pity because it is very convenient to the Canary Wharf shopping complex and tube station and with a few refinements and better management could have become a regular home away from home for my yearly London visit.	
