Sep 1 2006	We loved Berners	For the price we paid Berners was above average. The hotel is in a great location, walking distance to Bond, Regent and Carnaby Sts and Piccidilly Circus. Oxford Street is 100 m away . The foyer and restaurant are lovely and breakfast is a must. The room was small but adequate. The service was definately better than most places we stayed, the staff were attentive and helpful with every request. We will definately stay there again.	
Dec 23 2005 	Faded but nice foyer small rooms	This is okay as london hotels go, IF, and a big IF, you get a deal on the rooms. The lobby is quite grand but it is a bit shabby. Similarly the dining room has a great ceiling and just average food. The staff are mostly eastern european and are actually much nicer than a lot of hotels Ive been in recently. The rooms are just about ok. Dont pay more than £100 a night and it is a good enough deal.	
Nov 23 2005 	OK for business	My boyfriend and I are staying here on business for a week. We didn't choose the hotel ourselves. Overall, I am surprised it has 4 star rating, but it is convenient for working, and the location is handy for entertainment in the evening.The decor is very dated. The room is not huge but has the necessities and a bit more (desk area, two arm chairs and a coffee table). The bathroom is very old and crumbling in places. It is not the most 'lively' of hotels but the one thing that stood out for me is the customer service. The bar staff are warm and friendly (even though the Happy Hour prices are very misleading - make sure you check before ordering because they overcharged on one occasion). Room service was (pricey but) prompt. The maid was very efficient and helpful towards my needing to work in the room and 'can you come back later' etc. The breakfast service is good with a wide choice of cold and cooked dishes. The only down side was a member of staff removing the teaspoon from my saucer when I took my coffee to the lobby to smoke - I think she thought I was going to steal it. Overall this hotel is okay for basic business/tourist needs if you want to feel looked after and if you can overlook the basic shabbiness of the interior.	
Nov 16 2005	Lovely Hotel	I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend on a romantic weekend away and was not disappointed. We booked this hotel through Superbreaks and we got a very reasonable rate.The bedrooms were average size, with an ample sized bathroom.The bed was most comfy and we could not complain with the room service-Excellent.The lifts were fine too, not noisy or slow. the location of this hotel is fantastic too, as you are just off Oxford Street so you avoid a lot of the street noise, but close enough to all the shops and theatre district.We drank in the bar a couple of times and the bar staff were lovely, although the price of the drinks and food were quite expensive, but this is London afterall. Mini Bar expensive too.Was very impressed with this hotel, and would definatly stay again!	
Oct 27 2005 	Good 	Stayed here in Oct 2005 on business so got put here rather than chose it myself but was happy enough it. As a 'corporate' customer, I was automatically upgraded to an executive room which surprised me but I didn't complain about it of course !!! The plus points were the location of the hotel, the grand reception areas, the service and, in my case, my room (as a whole) including the cpmfort of the bed which was lovely although the negative points were the size of the room (very small), the size of the 'double' bed (more like a big single), the creaking floorboards and the tiny and slow lifts. Overall though, I would stay here again but there is so much choice in London, would probably have a look around first to see what else was on offer.	
Jul 31 2005	Too noisy!	The hotel lobby was very pretty, but the rooms were just ok. It was very pricey for what we actually got. The biggest disappointment however, was the noise level! The outside noise kept us awake even with the windows closed. I ended up having to wear earplugs to get some sleep. Won't stay there again.	
Jun 16 2005	Terrible	Lovely lobby with very fadded funiture. Terrible room:bath towels with LARGE holes, torn sheets thread bare carpeting. Elevtors with very worn carpeting and brass that had not been cleaned for along time. It was rated a 4 star hotel and I think it should have been more like a 1 star.	
Jun 6 2005	Very enjoyable stay	My daughter, granddaughter and I have just returned from a very enjoyable weekend in London staying at this hotel. To say I was a little uneasy after reading some of the reviews on this site (only found this after I had booked) was a bit of an understatement. I need not have worried - admittedly we upgraded to a superior room (£20 per room/night) - but we were made welcome, the rooms were comfortable, bathrooms clean and full of all the normal additions one would expect. All the staff were friendly and the barman mixed a mean Marguerita - the breakfast and lunch were both very good. We will definitely stay again the next time we go to London - what a perfect location!	
Jun 1 2005	It knew better times	The common places are beautiful and charmed but I stayed at an executive room and it was old,small,noisy and poor.Very good situation between Oxford Circus and Totemham road but I expected something better beacuse the high price.	
May 14 2005 	Dont do it!	Good points? Great location just off Oxford Street but I would have to say that is the only good point.Decor of the lobby may be good if you could see through the cigar smoke. The room was horrific. Black ring around the bath, peeling paint, broken furniture, lumpy bed with one old blanket. When I asked for another the porter returned saying there weren't any more left. Guess the other cold guests got in before me.My booking told me that my room overlooked the courtyard - try litter strewn firestairs.I am amazed that this hotel is allowed to call itself a four star hotel, do yourself a favour and do NOT stay at this hotel.	
Apr 22 2005 	What a waste of money	I regularly stay in London on business - usually staying in the White House less than a five minute walk away. Berners looks beautiful from the outside but the inside feels tatty and old. The room was horrible. Old, poorly decorated, old saggy bed, noisy ...the list could go on and on. I will not stay here again and I would never recommend it.	
Jan 29 2005	Very Nice stay	I picked this hotel through an expedia package deal and was pleased by both the location, the hotel itself and the staff. If you are traveling in the cooler months, this hotel is a great one. There is only air conditioning on the club floors, but as I was just there in January, that wasn't an issue. Though the room was a little on the small side, as most London hotel rooms are, it was more than adequate, with a large bathroom and nice amenities in the room.It's a lovely hotel, has attentive staff, is easily accessible to the Tube, the West End theatres and the shopping on Carnaby and Regents Streets. It's definitely a place I'll visit again on my next trip to London!	
Dec 20 2004	Un buen hotel	Nice hotel in a excellent place. Staff very helpful and they could speack spanish. Very good breakfast.	
Dec 8 2004	A Very Good Hotel in the West End	Very good, knowledgable staff.Slow service at the bar but this was to pay not order.As previously stated small room but we are in the West End.Excellent breakfast and very fast checkout.I will certainly be visiting again especially as the location is just yards from Oxford Street.I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 25 2004	There Are Better Values than Berners!	Very overpriced for the level of service received and the room condition - I stayed 6 nights recently and was extremely disappointed. Breakfast was included with my hotel package, but twice it was not delivered to my room according to the room service request I filled out. So on the third day, I went to the beautiful dining area for breakfast - only to be waited on by extremely rude wait staff. Also, for some reason I didn't have a clock in my room - so I asked for a wake up call each morning. Three times I did not receive it - and this was after they fixed the telephone which I discovered was out of order due to bad wiring. This, coupled with the bathroom sink that backed up on me (which the hotel was kind enough to fix), wallpaper peeling off the walls and a cracked glasstop on the writing desk in my extremely tiny single room, led me to voice my concern to the hotel manager. He kindly wrote me a letter apologizing for all of the mishaps and poor room condition - which contained 3 typos! I guess inept service and lack of atttention to detail stems from the top....	
Jun 18 2004	Never again ....	It was our misfortune to be booked in here during three of the hottest days London has recently had (and after staying at a much better London Hotel a few days before). It looked good from the outside, but that impression lasted as long as it took us to walk to the reception desk. The receptionist immediately tried to sell us an upgrade to a room with air conditioning and a fridge. Obviously then, our room would have neither. Not a good start. The lifts were small and slow. Thank goodness for the corridor signing, otherwise we would never have found our room. What a maze! The room was small and dark. There was little direct daylight because we looked out onto another wall of hotel windows about thirty feet away. There was no central overhead light in the room, so it was only lit by a table lamp and two bedside uplighters. Not sufficient. We had to squeeze between the bed and a wall in order to get into the bathroom. This was a disappointment too. Thin, rough towels. An over-bath shower with curtain, not what you expect today. Tiny, thin bath robes. Loose toilet seat. No extraction of air from the bathroom, so that it was like a sauna after you had used the shower. Returning to the room, the kettle and complimentary tea &amp; coffee were hidden in the wardrobe. There was no plug socket in there, so we had to stand the kettle on the floor in order to use it. There was no fridge or air-con, as previously stated. Neither was there a room safe, nor an iron. There might have been a radio, but the switches didn't seem to work. Neither did the trouser press, despite reporting it. The TV set had a mind of its own, even to the extent of turning itself on at half past two in the morning and blasting football at us. Quite a shock when you are fast asleep. The bed had seen better days, and had a pronounced sag in the middle. It was also a surprise to find sheets and blankets in use, rather than a duvet. A request for an iron brought one, but it was quite basic, and the ironing board had seen better days. Breakfast was the highpoint. A pleasant, ornate, dining room, and sufficient choice of food for me, though not enough variety of fruit for my partner. Staff were not very welcoming though, and their uniforms were often stained and grubby. A huge disappointment after staying at the City Inn Westinster. I wouldn't stay at the Berners again if they gave the rooms away for free. 	
May 27 2004	Shocked	Oh my goodness. Never did I expect a 4 star hotel in such a prime location to look so bad. Fair dues, the lobby area is grand and elegant. But the rooms. THE ROOMS! A room so small that you had to walk around the bed to go anywhere. A double bed more like the size of 1 and a half single beds and a mattress so soft you felt like you were going to fall through it. But the worst...the bathrooms. Broken taps, cracked washbasin, tiles missing, mould all round the edge of bathtub and where the tile grouting should have been. Just horrible. And all for the bargain price of 140 GBP. If it wasn't for the great location of being just off Oxford Street/Tottenham Court Road this property would get no stars from me. A real disappointment.	
Apr 21 2004	Not to Bad	Long weekend and show in April 2004. the hotel is in a great location just off Oxford St. looks a little run down and threadbare but the staff were very nice and helpful, the shower got stuck on in our room and maintenance were there in less than 5 mins, Breakfast was excellent and as much as you want buffet all in all good value.	
Mar 31 2004	Wonderful decor	Having dined a number of times in the atmospheric restaurant we stayed overnight on the 23 March 2004. The hotel lived up to our expectations, apart from creaky floorboards, it is a living tribute to a past era. The Reception area is just magnificient. I would love to paint the plasterwork. Staff are also pleasant and interested.	
Feb 17 2004	Bad time at the Berners	We booked the Berner's online based on the pictures. They were grossly inaccurate. From the pealing paint in the lobby to the mold in our shower. The hotel is in desperate need of a good scrub. The floorboards squeek so terribly you can hear others guest move about. The bed felt as if it was a old as the hotel. There werefood stains on the bed spreed. When we ordered room service, the dirty dishes stayed in the hall for over 24 hours. The location in no way makes up for this poorly kept hotel.	
Jan 5 2004	Enjoyed our stay !	The hotel was all I expected it to be. The location is just great, 30 sec from Oxford street and only a 5 min walk to two metrostations! The rooms are good,clean, have anything you want, they're not the biggest in town but who wants to be in his room when you're staying in London???? The breakfast is very good : nice service, good and plenty of food served in a classy restaurant.The hotel also has an impressive lounge where you can enjoy your afternoon thea, just great!In general, it's a good hotel with great service and a perfect location.. They will be seeing us back next year.	
Jul 7 2003	Location is good...	I would recommend this hotel for location. Its about 30 sec walk from Oxford Street and about a 5 minute walk to the restaurants in Soho.As for the rooms....very small, shower dripped all night, cracks in bath tub &amp; tiles missing from the walls in the bathroom. The towels we were given had stains on them.Breakfast was included in the rate, and it was okay. Nothing spectacular but it was fine.Bottom line - location makes up for the below average room.	
Jun 9 2003	Second Time Lucky (er)	We were staying in town for a night as a friend from NY was having a get-together, and my wife recommended this hotel on the basis that her trendy brother stayed there from time to time. I asked her if she was sure - having seen their web site I couldn't see her brother being particularly impressed by this chintzy affair.Bottom line was she got confused between the Berners Hotel and the Sanderson Hotel (also in Berners Street). Oops.OK, so by London standards it's pretty cheap, especially bearing in mind the excellent location (£99 including breakfast for 2) although my wife took one look at the room and entirely justifiably demanded an upgrade to the Club floor (another £30). The first room was small and dingy with a barely-adequate &quot;double&quot; bed.The second room was larger and dingy with the same barely-adequate bed. We ordered sparkling mineral water, and it came in refillable bottles suggesting that it was in all probability London Tap with a bit of added CO2, but at only about £1.60 a litre bottle that was pretty good for hotel prices (and there's nothing wrong with London tap). However, serving tap water as mineral water is something that's guaranteed to get my back up...The water pressure was feeble, the breakfast was adequate to reasonable (as usual, juice was served in shot-glasses).It wasn't appalling, but next time I'll definitely be paying twice the amount and staying at the Sanderson...- Andrew	
Nov 16 2007 	Estuvimos muy cómodos.		
Jun 15 2007 	Malas habitaciones		
