Sep 17 2007 	Wonderful find!!!	What a wonderful last minute find! It's a lovely hotel in a beautiful area of London. The manager, Veronica, was so accommodating! Nice, fresh, clean rooms and a lovely breakfast in the morning. Couldn't have asked for a nicer stay! Thank you very much!!	
Jul 22 2007 	Not great and overpriced	The location was great for us, as we were visiting family in the neighbourhood. The rooms were extremely cramped (we could barely fit our suitcases in) and the bathrooms were gross. Breakfast was not too bad and management were friendly. However, when we checked out, the reality of what we had paid hit me -- I would say this is very overpriced for what you get, even in London!	
Jul 5 2007 	Excellence at a great price	Booked for 30th June, and really enjoyed our stay. We were welcomed with warmth and friendliness, and nothing was too much trouble for the manager and staff. The rooms were sparkling, and the treatment we received was marvellous. On being greeted we were taken to our rooms, and told that whatever we required, just to ring reception and it would be dealt with. We then met the member of staff that would be dealing with our room, and were told that anything required in the room for our comfort, to inform reception or the member of staff and it would be seen to. We were made to feel very welcome and it was with some sadness that we left at the end of our stay, having felt that we had made friends with the hotel staff and manager. We would certainly recommend this hotel to people wishing to visit London, as it was in friendliness like a 'home from home', One could leave the hotel during the day knowing that there was nothing to worry about in any way, shape or form. We met with nothing but kindness and helpfulness from the manager and staff, and as a result thoroughly enjoyed our stay in London.	
Jun 24 2007 	Not Quite The Pearly Gates We Expected	Needed a room in the locality so for that it was fine.However the room was tiny but at least the sheets and bed were clean.Which is more than could be said for the shower,black mould around the tray and the sliding door did not want to slide.Breakfast was very average,limited choice.If you need a room in Chiswick you might justify a visit ,otherwise give it a miss.	
Jun 21 2007 	beautiful and popular hotel	this is a excellent hotel we are from france me and my wife and we find this hotel closed to the airport heathrow and the touwn center ,no expensive,good service, good for the price.if u decide do not stay longer in london this is the perfect place thank.... francois	
Jun 16 2007	You're better somewhere else	We booked this hotel for our last night in London because we thought the location was convenient, it was inexpensive and it looked decent online...big mistake.In short about the experience I have wiped from by memory:-Not a very good neighborhood-No lift-No air conditioner-Barely slept with windows opened with the sounds of the train, cats, cars and everything else going bump in the night-Bathroom was plain nasty - white showerhead was brown, floor was disgusting with other elements on it.-Double bed was the size of a twin bed and a half. It felt like sleeping on plywood-Television only had 4 channels to watch and the remote did not work-Rug had stain all over itWe wanted to leave but could not find anything else available on short notice. We thought how bad can it be for a one night stay - BAD ENOUGH! Simply runaway.	
May 28 2007 	A bad experience	I stayed at this hotel last weekend as I was looking for a hotel near to Chiswick. Big mistake.The pictures I found of it on the internet looked good and it just goes to show that all that glitters is not gold!The kettle, for that is thecoffee/tea maker, was so big that it was very difficult to actually get any water into it so I had to use a cup to fill it.Shower - fixed and the soap tray was at best disgusting and had clearly not been cleaned.Toilet - well yes there was an ensuite toilet with basin and shower - the trouble was to use the toilet you needed to be a contortionist.On entering the room we found a used bath towel hanging on the back of the door. The carpet had clearly had lip service paid to it by the vacuum thats working on the assumption that one was used.I know other TA users will say why did we stop? We got there late and there was no where else immediately available. Hindsight is a wonderful tool and I should have driven home. I could have actually got a taxi to London and back for what I paid which was 85 UK sterling.This place is not good value for money and I would certainly not return.	
May 16 2008 	Charmant hôtel à deux pas du métro		
