Nov 15 2009 	A reasonable hotel	Stayed at the Britannia Hampstead for 2 nights as part of a London Theatre Break, Good location. 20 mins on the tube direct from theatre land. Good buiffet breakfast and a good sized clean room.	
Oct 24 2009 	Must be the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.	In desperate need of refurbishment. Public areas dull &amp; tired. Rooms filthy, furniture must have come from the skip. Only attempted breakfast once after being frog marched to reception to pay again despite being inclusive of my reservation - dinner looked awful. Very busy with cheap tour guests - unlucky them! Only bonus was location. Stay here only as a last resort.	
Oct 21 2009 	A little dated but clean and accommodating	I booked 7 rooms for 5 nights when we were working at Regents Park, the rooms were comfortable but a bit full of flowered wallpaper and chandeliers. The staff were friendly and welcoming if a little slow at times. The lifts are a bit scary though it feels like they have broken. An upgrade would vastly improve this establishment, however, you get what you pay for and we were very pleasantly surprised.The parking is a bit of a nightmare, get there early and be prepared to move cars around. There is plenty of parking nearby though if you are getting up early. The pubs and restaurants nearby are great. All in all a good bargain! The bar stayed open until we left which wasn't that late.	
Oct 12 2009 	Cleanlines is NOT their strong point	Just returned from The Brittania Hotel and the hotel was not impressive. We were given two rooms the an interconnecting door. We opened the door and could smell stale urine. There was still urine in the toilet from the previous guests. The I had a trple room for myself and two daughters. It was a twin room with an extra bed squeezed in. Hardly any room to move and it was a bedstead with a 2 inch mattress on top. So not very comfortable. All in all the hotel was NOT clean and I would not go back there.	
Oct 5 2009 	excellent hotel	We have just returned from this hotel after spending one night here. The staff were really helpful, polite, couldnt fault them. The hotel itself was spotless. We asked for a quiet, non smoking room and that was exactly what we got. Room was very clean and tidy. Breakfast was buffet style and had everything inc full english, croissants, every kind of fruit juice and endless tea and coffee. Would definately stay here again, excellent, excellent.	
Sep 16 2009	You get what you pay for	The room was average, the food was ok. But the location was only the best thing about it.	
Sep 10 2009 	great value hotel.	stayed with 3 friends recently and would like to say how suprised i was. having read other reviews (mostly negative) heres mine:room: yes the decor is tired and dated but clean (daily) spacious and adequate.food: full english, plenty of it, not gormet but o.k. a la carte dinner available, 3 courses, eat as much as you like, 9.99p bargain!bar: happy hour 12.00-19.00 (most welcome) prices reasonable.staff: helpful, hard working and polite.location: within walking distance to many areas including camden markets, roundhouse theatre, regents park and many shops, bars and restaurants with a cosmopolitan feel.2 stops on the northern line from euston, ideal.overall: a very reasonablly priced hotel, everything you need for a short stay in london and with a bit more effort on the presentation and maybe a decor refurbishment this could be a top notch hotel. would i stay here again, yes. would i recommend this hotel, yes.	
Sep 7 2009 	do not in any circumstances stay here - NIGHTMARE!!	We booked this hotel because of the proximity to Camden Roundhouse as we went to a gig and wanted to be able to stroll in after a few drinks etc. We were given a room with no window - not even a fake one. It is a very strange experience waking up with no outside light, not one that I am eager to try again. The receptionist was rude and unhelpful. Worst of all, they have charged me twice for my stay of 1 night, they are now refusing to accept that they have charged twice - even when I have emailed them a copy of my bank statement detailing the second transaction. Arguments are ongoingStay here, if your not fussed about such things as natural light, customer service, cleanliness, oh - and theft! I have no idea how this hotel is rated as three stars. I've stayed in nicer hostels. Fact.	
Sep 4 2009	this hotel is bad	I have been a guest of the Hampstead Britannia between the 28th of August and the 02nd of September 2009 and I can say that the only good thing about this hotel is the position: close to Primrose Hill/Regent's Park, 20 mins walk from Camden, 10 mins walk from Swiss Cottage and the Hampstead Theathre......all the rest is bad!The hotel needs an urgent refurbishment, the carpets are filthy and the rooms are poorly equiped. I was in room 513 and this didn't have not even a drawer therefore we had to leave our clothes on a table. The curtains were dusty and full of holes.One of the two elevators was out of order and we had to use the stairs as the hotel was busy and the wait would have been 10 minutes.The room service was bad (perhaps they were short in staff) and our room was only partially serviced (no hoovering, no bed make up).The rates are reasonable but I would only go back once a major refurbishment has been done.	
Sep 2 2009 	GOOD VALUE FAIRLY CENTRAL HOTEL WOULD RECOMMEND FOR WEST END	Good value for money, this hotel is close to several tube stations and only a few stops from the West End. We had a basement room which did smell a bit damp and had no windows but was otherwise ok. Was some cleaning noise going on fairly early on a Sunday morning at around 8am, but would not put me off staying again! Continental breakfast was quoted in the price, but turned out to be full English plus all the usual buffet fare, so highly recommended!	
Sep 1 2009 	A Mediocre experience - this review sums everything up.	Well, a few friends and I stayed at this hotel for a night on our trip to london. When we arrived, we were greeted nicely by a lady who insisted we called her &quot;granny&quot; because her name was grenola or something similar. The rooms are quite compact, though plentiful. The TV was good; nothing wrong with that but the rooms were quite dated and the lack of a balcony to open a wide window or two made the room stifling hot in march! The showers were good, as was the bathroom though a little compact. There seemed to be no kettle in our room, even though there was teabags and sugar. The carpet was a bit dated. The night we came a bulb blew near the door and an electrician was up within half an hour to fix it promptly which was good.The hotel itself has mixed parts. The dining room was a bit of an anti-climax as you would have expected to be waiting on, but there was a quite a small buffet. We did not sample the cooked breakfasts but the continental breakfasts were acceptable. We did not stay for lunch or dinner as we ate out in london but it didn't look promising. The bar was good, though a little aged and the foyer was done up nicely.In the past reviews, many have commented about the neighbourhood. It is quite pleasant and very close to it there are lovely millionaires houses which are quite sweet when we took a walk. It is in a triangle of three tube stations, however it is a little out of the distance for a short walk so take a taxi! The neighbourhood itself has some nice shops and in the local park you can see the BT tower in the distance. It is fairly quiet and in some parts - reserved. There are some lovely buildings there.Overall, a mixed experience.	
Aug 15 2009 	Hotel ok -but expected better.	Checked this hotel out on Trip Advisor and reviews were quite good. My experience however was that the room was very, very small. Decent sized bathroom, very squashy bed. No window or air conditioning - room was in the basement or lower ground floor. I had a 'pay for one night get one night free' offer so maybe that was why! Room and bathroom were clean. Lucky enought to get a car parking space but very small/tight car park with loads of building work going on. Some of the decor dated but appears to be refurb ongoing. Breakfast ok and loads of staff who spent all their time clearing up. If some of them waited on guests with tea and coffee I felt the system would have worked better. Hotel in good location for a visit to London - short walk from Primrose Hill which gives great panoramic view of London. Chalk Farm Tube 10 mins. walk. Hampstead Village 1.5 miles away. Easy to walk to Regents Park and London Zoo. If you plan to stay here ask for a room on one of the other floors - not lower ground - and it might be better. Also make sure you are not in the next room to a yob who couldn't talk quietly if he tried. Woke me and everyone else up at 6am when he rolled in after a night out. Had a 30 minute row with his girlfriend. I called the Night Porter who asked him to be quiet as some people were still trying to get some sleep. Row continued although maybe a little quieter. I decided to get up anyway! When I dame back from breakfast he was 'talking' on the phone to a deaf friend in Australia. Hope he is not next to you when you stay here!	
Jul 26 2009 	good location excellent value	This hotel is perfectly located if you want to explore north London on foot. The hotel is within walking distance of Hamstead Heath and there are plenty of nice gastro pubs and cafes around. If you want to go into central London, there is a bus stop outside the hotel or the tube station is 5 mins walk.The hotel is not modern but it is clean enough and the service is very efficient. We didn't eat at the hotel, so can't comment on the food.	
Jul 16 2009 	The best hotel in London	Absolutely splendid, good value, near to Primrose Hill, what more could you want. The manager here is definitely doing something right, food was great, bar was great, room service was sublime.Thank you for an excellent holiday!	
Jul 9 2009 	Lovely location - nasty hotel	My company put me up here for a few nights in June, and I was not too happy about it!The location is great. Lovely wealthy area and lots of nice restaurants and a few shops nearby. Within Zone 1 and a choice of 2 tube stations with only a few stops to get into Central London. Free car parking is very good - however, you need to get to the hotel before 5 to secure a space or you'll need to find a space on the road which is pay &amp; display until about 6pm. The car parking spaces are also very small and awkward to fit in.The hotel itself is pretty nasty. Very dated and not particularly clean. The bedrooms have floral walls, floral carpet, floral curtains and dark wood furniture so they feel very chintzy and claustrophobic and smell a bit fusty and you can hear very clearly what's going on in the next rooms. It needs a good refurb. Had a problem with the bed in the room and the night staff were very rude and un-helpful.Breakfast was pretty awful - I'd recommend going to one of the nice cafe's up the road instead. The tea and coffee (if you can call it that) in the jugs was awful, and the cooked breakfast looked like it had been out under the lights for hours.Overall - if you just want a cheap bed for the night and don't plan to spend much time there, then ok, but I would not recommend for a leisure stay.	
Jul 6 2009 	Clean reasonably comfortable old fashioned hotel	This hotel looks not too bad from the outside. Spinning door impossible to get case through and a badly manned reception. Quick check-in once staff arrived however and small climb to room on second floor. Halls very dark and old fashioned yet clean.Room was clean and quite comfortable with a surprisingly nice bathroom. Beds had no headboard however and cups for tea were dirtyBreakfast good yet staff very impatient and badly organisedWould look elsewhere before staying again, average experiance	
Jul 6 2009 	close to camden.	hi,i am just back from Hamstead Britannia and i think it was great value for money.The beds were really comfy and the staff were polite. Food wise if you are hungry after the restaurant is closed i would rec.ommend the sanwiches they are great. The hotel needs a little spent on the decor in the rooms as its a little dated. Very close to Camden and only 10 mins from Chalk tube station.	
Jul 5 2009 	Not perfect but ok for the price	Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of June.The hotel is an easy 10-15 minute stroll from Chalk Farm tube station in a pleasant residential area close to shops and pubs.Approaching the hotel it does look a little scruffy from the outside and I think it's fair to say it is in need of refurbishment (which is underway).Having said that there was nothing really wrong with our 5th floor room. It was quite spacious and the room, bedding and bathroom were all clean (although air conditioning or a fan would have been welcome as there was very little ventilation due to window opening restrictors and London was in the middle of a heatwave at the time so it was very difficult to keep cool enough to sleep!)Whilst I agree with a previous poster that the cold meats should have been kept under cover we thought the breakfast was fine. Plenty of choice and the food was hot and tasty and we never had a problem getting a hot tea or coffee from the flasks and the waiter removed our used plates promptly.Sure it's not The Ritz and there are areas of the hotel that need sprucing up and some of the public areas did look a little tired and worn but overall it served our purposes as we were only in the hotel a few hours overall and for what we paid (around £70 a night including breakfast) we thought it was fair value for money for a London hotel just 10 minutes by tube from the centre.	
Jun 30 2009	Dirty dingy and disgusting	Approaching the hotel, we thought it looked dirty but we were wrong, it wasn't dirty, it was filthy! We had to clean the bathroom before we could use it, the 'cleaner' had left her short black hairs everywhere and it stank of smoke and damp. I didn't mind that the furniture was old and needed replaced, I can cope with tired but not dirty. Breakfast was also vile, I heard one of the waiters tell another to go get some more bacon from the microwave! My daughter couldn't get her knife through the croissant it was so stale. The toast was set out on an old tray, still trying to work out how long it had been there. They seemed to use the cheapest of everything, poor quality sausages and bacon etc, even the serviettes would have taken a layer of skin off your face! Tea and coffee was served in flasks on the side of the serving table, again not sure how long they had been there, but the drinks were cold. There were no pats of butter, just a large bowl filled with cubes/slices of margarine floating in water that had been cut out of a tub! What worried me was that the cheese and hams were on a little side table, not chilled and this was during one of the hottest weekends this year, wasn't going to risk eating that! Eating there was certainly an experience and despite having paid for breakfast, we decided not to try it again after the first day, too risky!We stayed here on a theatre package as it stated that the theatre was 3 miles from the hotel. The taxi from the hotel to the theatre was £15, so obviously longer!!It was 2 bus or tube trips away from Camden Market which was a positive, as was the fact that you could leave your luggage there after you had checked out, although you were given such a look of disgust as if you had asked them to hide a dead body!All in all, dirty hotel, vile food, staff who didn't seem interested, would not go back, even if it was free!	
Jun 26 2009 	Do not stay here at all.	Stayed here thankfully for one night, it is a grubby, tired old hotel, when you arrive it is very untidy outside, we parked our car at the rear of the hotel, clean laundry cages next to dirty greasy bins ans wastepipes, inside it smells stale and greasy, the windows are old and dirty, our room was grubby and shabby, dusty wardrobes, we left our clothes in our baggage , mildew around windows on the surrounding walls, curtains stained with damp stains, breakfast was passable but only just we only ate part of it and left the tea and coffee as the cups were greasy. This hotel should not be taking in guests it need closing down until it is cleaned and redecorated.	
Jun 16 2009 	HAPPY STAY: We would stay again - friendly staff and clean place	My partner and I stayed at this hotel during the time I received my MBE at Buckingham Palace (28 May 09). It, ideally, fitted in with a National Holidays week's visit to LOndon and so we booked for that week. It had to be right in order not to spoil this special occasion in my life.It was a great deal all round for us. The room and service we great. All the staff were helpful and friendly, especially a Polish waiter called Victor. Although they had builders at work, even they were respectful not to intrude, etc.We would and perhaps will stay again. The Primrose Hill area is beautful to walk around.Cheers Alec and Audrey	
May 25 2009 	Great value hotel for a short break	Stayed in this holiday for a bank holiday break with my young son. Yes, this hotel could do with some refurbishment but it was great value, with a clean, tidy spacious bedroom and helpful staff. The breakfast was of a decent standard and the bar food was fine. Having read some of the reviews I had some reservations about what our stay would be like. However, for a cheap London break I couldn't fault the hotel.	
May 17 2009 	Everything OK	We used this hotel as a base as we were going to a gig in Camden. I was a little concerned after reading some of the other reviews but every thing was ok . Considering what this hotel cost you could not complain . Plus free parking in London is a bonus ..	
Mar 30 2009 	Hotel was excellent but don't eat there.	Excellent stay at the hotel. Clean sheets and towels everday. Room was clean ,no mold, cobwebs or other nasties you can find in a hotel in London for under $100 a night. Chalk Farm Tube takes you to city center in about 10 min. Also very close to Camden Market. Also I will make a note on housekeeping very trustworthy. We left 400 GBP on the dresser in our rush to get out the door and it was still there when we got back that evening. American's will find hand towel and bath towels but no washcloths. Beds were not the best in comfort but if you walked ,which you will in London, you will be too tired to care. Lift/elevator worked. Restaraunt : I put this in a seperate paragraph because hopefully you don't base feelings of a review around a hotels restaraunt. The hotel restaraunt has 3 choices of menu. The bar menu, the buffet and then they have this other menu that know one seemed to know when it was good for? The bar menu is simple ,as it should be, but the food quality wasn't up to par for what they were charging. Hamburgers were better quality at a cabbie stop than here. That was my daughter's opinion and ,after tasting both, I agreed. The buffet was dreadful. We tried it once for breakfast. Watery scrambled eggs and luke warm. Bacon was dry and rubbery. The suasage was a mushy and flavourless. All for 21 GBP total for 2 people. Now this is my primary complaint. The morning that we ate breakfast they had run out of glasses for juice. The reason? The staff was fussing over the money in the till and who had paid, who hadn't paid and this was the norm for the restaraunt for our entire visit to the hotel. It took them ten minutes to realize they were out of juice glasses just from their disorganization. I don't really think they have from a customers view thought out how the flow should work. You enter the main lobby and then from there you walk into the bar area and from there is the main dining area. To get a drink form the bar you have to back around the front to the main desk to tell them you want to order. If you approach the main dining area the first thing you see is the till to the right. people we saw were confused as to where to sit in order to get service. Do you sit down first ? Do you pay first? Overall an excellent stay and if we go back to London we would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 24 2009 	Did the job!	We went to a concert at the Forum in Kentishtown and found this hotel to be in the ideal location to use as a base for the evening concert and then a shopping trip in central London the next dayThe reception was good and the hotel generally ok - just a bit dated in decor. One of our two rooms was a triple which had a makeshift bed that made us all fall about laughing when we saw it,except the lad who had to sleep in it - i'll say no more! The breakfast was o.k however we struggled to find a clean table to settle down on for our food. Compared to other London Hotels it was the price that attracted us and we got what we paid for. I would use it again as it was quiet and had a relaxed atmosphere but I wouldn't ask for another triple room!	
Jan 5 2009 	Get what you pay for...fair enough	The decor is 1980's at best. It's jaded, faded or plain old falling apart, if it was your house you'd have had the decorators in years ago. BUT the staff are friendly and the hotel feels safe. It's 20minutes tube journey to Leicester Square and for the same price you'll not even get a hostel with shared bathroom this close to the centre of London.We were there for a Xmas treat and were dashing around doing the tourist things so in total we were in our room for about 8 hours. Value for money and conenience were great but if you want to impress someone or spend a lot of time loungnig in your room go elsewhere.	
Jan 3 2009 	Shabby hotel good neighborhood	This hotel was recommended to us by a friend who has a flat in the area. The neighborhood is residential, with shops and restaurants and even a laundrette, and the hotel is a 5-10 minute walk to the Chalk Farm Tube station. Unfortunately, the room we stayed in was disappointing. The furniture was quite shabby and dirty. The bed was somewhat comfortable but the blankets were of the kind where you don't want to touch them with bare skin since you don't know how clean they are. The bathroom was good, with great water pressure in the shower. The room was rather large. The TV remote didn't really work. The room was VERY cold and when we asked the hotel to turn up the heat they replied that it was a cold night and that was the best they could do. Rubbish! The food in the hotel was very bad, luckily there was a wonderful cafe nearby. We decided to move hotels after a couple checked in next door and we discovered that the walls were so thin, we could hear them unzipping their luggage! Overall, a hotel for young travelers on a budget but not a couple on honeymoon.	
Nov 10 2008 	Good Service	On reading some of the reviews about this hotel, my initial thought was to to agree about the standard of the rooms being slightly shabby but I liked the lobby and the hotel had an old sort of quaintness about it that I liked.I was woken up early - even though I didn't have to get up early on the Mon morning at 8am by a rattling set of step ladders but then I did see a sign up later that informed residents of work being carried out on that date.My main reason however for feeling that I should write, was to say that I left a very good coat in the wardrobe and upon inquiring to ask if it was still there, was told that it was!! The lady at reception then posted it back to me the next day and I was grateful to receive it.I just thought that it was good service as I definately didn't expect to see it again...	
Oct 30 2008 	Not bad for the price !!!	Stayed here for four nights in Oct 2008,the booking was made via a travell company who provided transport from the North all for less than £ 200 p/p, this made the Hotel price about £40 / night which was very good.The Hotel itself is aged and in need of updating,the rooms were warm and apropiate for what we needed the water was hot and the room cleaned daily.The resteraunt was understaffed and sometimes we had to wait for a table to be prepared. The food was dull and boring but edible and as much as you could eat,the same applies for breakfast.The location is ok and Swiss Cottage station is 15 mins walk or you can walk to the main attractions in 90 mins .I wouldnt pay full price for this hotel unless i was stuck without a choice but as a package it was ok	
Oct 3 2008 	Consider Alternatives Before Booking	OK get this hotel into context. It is in a good location with great access to Central London by tube or bus. It is not expensive, myself and my wife stayed for two nights (room 516) at a rate of either £89 (double room only) or £110 (double room and breakfast) per night and one great perk is the fact that parking is free for the duration of the stay.In terms of the quality of the hotel it is extremely poor. The rooms are very dated, the furniture is shabby, the beds should have been burned ten years ago and the whole place does smell with a combination of damp, decay, cooking fat and stale beer. We did try the breakfast one morning but gave up after the first mouthful, the scrambled egg were luke warm and had a texture as though they had been mixed on the floor of the car park prior to cooking, the hash browns - well lets just say it is a rare talent that can make hash browns with no potato. I literally spat out my first attempt at eating them.In terms of cleanliness - the bed linen was changed each day but due to the overall 'feel' of the hotel nothing ever seemed to be clean, the whole place just feels rank.The staff were very good, efficient, courteous and knowledgeable and you just have to feel sorry for them as I am sure they have to contend with a constant barrage of complaints throughout their working day so how they manage to maintain such a positive front is remarkable.So who is this hotel suited to? romantic weekend - no, family holiday - no, suffers of allergies - no, business executives - no, construction staff working away from home - yes. Don't want this to sound pretentious but in it's current state that is exactly the type of client that this hotel will suit, guys who are away from home during the week who are out to work early, do a hard days graft and then want to get back, have a shower, a few drinks in the bar and then bed - perfect.But the main advantage of this hotel is the free parking - if you are in Central London for a few days mid week it will cost at least £10 per day for the congestion charge, then say to park a car in a central London car park for a day another £40, so when you factor this into account, staying at the hotel and then getting the tube into London for day, you can reduce the room rate by a good £50 per day so really the best way of looking at this hotel isn't to say it is a hotel at all, but to look upon it as an upmarket car park!As the title to this review suggests consider other alternatives before booking into this hotel, otherwise I am sure the vast majority of people WILL be disappointed. Do not book the breakfast, there are two good cafe's within a two minute walk that offer great food, cheaper than the cost of the breakfast.	
Oct 1 2008 	Poor ValueShabby Rooms.	Hello,I hated this hotel,the price was simply a rip off.The hotel maybe well positioned,but the rooms are awful.There is no matress cover,the beds are uncomfortable.The rooms are falling apart.I complained on the day we arrived,but did not get anywhere.And wrote to the hotel on but no one had the decency to reply.They have your money and that's it.How can this place get 3 stars??I will never stay there again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Shabby but Central!	This hotel is in need of renovation however the staff were friendly,. the room large and clean and the Hotel is perfectly placed for shops and restaurants in North London. Would definately stay here again.	
Sep 12 2008 	Do not stay here..	This hotel is badly in need of renovation. Not only that but it is very unkempt. Wallpaper falling off, stains on the bed, smelly and very dirty room. You would not let your dog stay in this!I'm not sure how they have the nerve to charge the prices they do. I think I would rather sleep on a park bench!What more can i say..dont waste your money. There are far nicer and CLEANER places in London.	
Aug 11 2008 	Do Not Stay Here!!	Do not stay at this horrible hotel! We arrived there for a late check-in on a Saturday night to find a raucous nightclub going on in the hotel bar and the lobby filled with degenerate teenagers (we overheard one saying to another: &quot;Touch my iPhone and I'll slice you!&quot;) Not exactly a warm welcome. As we were at the front desk, we heard another guest complaining to the receptionist about the noise from the nightclub. The receptionist rudely told him there was nothing more they could do but have the music turned down, and that the party would end by 1:30am! (Sorry - isn't a hotel for sleeping?!) This was not a good sign. However, because we had pre-paid for the room, we went ahead and checked in anyway. Unfortunately our room was on the 1st floor directly above the nightclub/bar so the noise and base were ridiculously loud and the receptionist refused to move us, claiming all rooms were booked. To make matters worse, the room itself was fithly. There was dust and grime on every surface and the bathroom was repulsive. Not only did it look like it hadn't been cleaned, whomever had last been there didn't even bother to flush the toilet!! Truly disgusting.We tried to settle in eventually, and complained to the hotel night manager several times about the music, and he basically couldn't care less. Seems the management are there more to run a nightclub than they are for the comfort of their guests. After a sleepless night on a hard-as-rock mattress with springs sticking in our backs, you can bet I'll be telling everyone I know to avoid this dump like the plague!	
Aug 4 2008 	Tatty yes but value for money...	This is a hotel in serious need of a make over. The rooms are in a bad state and the reception / bar area are just so dull. However for £59 a night and with free parking only minutes from the underground or a short walk into London what can you say. If it's just for the night it is well worth it. Just stay out and use the room for sleep and washing and you're fine. If you are looking for some place decent and comfortable look elsewhere.	
Jul 21 2008 	needs updating	the daily laundry service was spot on. they changed the towels, made the bed, and replenished our drinks. the room was very basic, carpet had seen better days, furniture old, and uncomfortable. bathroom was just ok. the meals were ok, but there was no way i would have paid £10.50 for a cooked one, it wasnt worth that. on the second night we asked for sandwiches as we were going to the theatre, and wanted to eat before we left. she was so rude was the lady who brought them , your late she said, it was just ten minutes. i could not believe it, i could have understood if it had been a cooked meal. when we asked for them again the next night, it took them 30 minutes to do a couple of sandwiches, they came squashed in foil, which we hadnt asked for, and it was not even the right filling. and because of the lond wait, it made us late for the theatre. they charge £1.10 for 10 minutes use of the internet, thats a joke. it was i suppose somewhere cheap to crash down, but i will never go back there, i thought they were rude, and lack in customer relations experience.	
Jun 10 2008 	Avoid like the plague !	Having seen the Hotel Website and the pictures noted, we decided to stay over in the Hotel paying £115 for a standard double rather than less for a lower quality Hotel. We expected a failry basic but clean Hotel. Oh how we were wrong! This Hotel is a disgrace. The room was shabby and dated and smelt like an ash tray. The windows of the entire Hotel are covered in grime and the beds may as well not have a mattress on them for the comfort they actually give.The only positive thing about the Hotel is the fact that it is located in a nice part of London and is close to the Tube. However, we are surprised that the locals put up with such an eyesore.Never before have we been in a Hotel where we checked out early so we could go home to clean up!As noted in the header - avoid this Hotel like the plague!!	
Jun 4 2008	decent hotel	Stayed at the Britannia Hampstead Hotel for 4 nights. I was pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. Yes, the beds were uncomfortable. But the room was clean and the hotel was a good value. The location was great, in a residential neighborhood, about a 10 minute walk from the tube. I would stay there again.	
Mar 18 2008 	Do not stop there!	We stayed at this hotel for one night, The price was very cheap hence I thought the quality of the hotel may be below average and yes it certainly was! The bedding was dirty, the bed base was dirty and the bed creaked liked crazy! The decor would have been fine in the early 1980's but sadly is now a litttle dated.Cannot comment about the food as we didnt eat at the hotel. If you are not phased by cleanliness then this hotel is fine but if you are then steer clear!!	
Mar 15 2008 	Horrible stay	I stayed there for one night with a friend. We got the room cause it was cheap and close to the concert we were going to the next day. The second we walked in the door we noticed the old torn wallpaper. The bedspread had white stains on it. One can only assume what they were from. The window had cracks all along the frame. On top of it all, the toilet needed to be flushed 5-6 times just to get it to go down. The bathroom sink was cracked. The tile in the bathroom was dirty and also cracked. I only spoke to one person on the staff, and she didn't seem very willing to be helpful. I was just glad it was for only one night and because of the concert we didn't even stay in the room for more than just sleep.	
Mar 12 2008 	Smoky smelly room	Just the most appalling experience - room stank of old fags - bad furniture - lumpy bed dreadful service - peeling paint work -sleep on a park bench but don't stay here!!!!!	
Feb 22 2008 	The Chintz	Work booked me in here for 4 nights. Looks ok from the front but the rooms are so old fashioned. Had an awful chandelier I kept banging my head off. The mattress was almost bare springs, didn't dare look under it....!Was in the previously mentioned room 321 overlooked by a tower block. 8am wake ups with the service lift too. Wierd banging noise coming from the bathroom, I think it was supposed to be the extractor fan but it was broken.Breakfast was utterly awful no juice or water, no fresh fruit. Staff are pleasant enough, efficient but not friendly. Wifi is useless, only available downstairs and very very slow. This place desperately needs doing out, considering it is in a nice part of London they must be losing so much money!Then who spends much time in a hotel when they are in London anyway! Do not book this as a romantic break, you will be gutted.	
Jan 4 2008 	Worst hotel room in 5 years	Very uncomfortable beds, the base of the beds were dirty, unfriendly staff, lights that hang so low in the rooms you bang your head on them, leaky bath, ill fitting carpet, plates and cutlery left on corridors all day, base of bed was stained, condenstaion on windows all day. Poor breakfast, the whole place felt like it was stuck in the 1970s. A word of warning - this hotel is a sister of the Scarborough Grand which is renound for it's outbreaks for food poisoning.	
Nov 25 2007	awful	the room was BIG but the mattress had 2 holes in it with broken &quot;sharp&quot; springs sticking out. We where cold and when we asked for a heater it did not appear. the rooms where tired and the bed linen had old stains, like the walls and carpet.By far the worst food i have ever had for the price. the chips was cooked in old fat, the meat was dry and you could bounce the potatoes up the street. Be ware! eat breakfast at 7 as by 10 you are getting the same food, they do not bring out hot food during the morning, we had to ask for it to be microwaved to heat it up. Check your bill as we booked on line and when we arrived they tried to double the bill.	
Sep 25 2007 	Not that bad!	My work sent me and a couple of my colleagues to stay here for a 5 days (10th to 14th September).Based on other reviews, I came armed with some air freshener and a brillo (the later fortunately wasn't needed!). Upon entering mine the room has a very strong smell of smoke, which the air freshener soon solved.The following day the room again smelt of smoke, and again rectified by the air freshener, yet the following days after, the room remained smoke free, suggesting the cleaner was smoking in the room!Apart from this, the double room was spacious, with a desk, coffee table, and chairs and a TV with Sky. The bed was comfortable with sheets changed every day, and the shower was neither too hot of too cold and bath wasn't too small.The lavish reception creates false expectations of room quality, as the furnishings and decoration was aged in all our rooms - The whole places feels like it could do with a lick a fresh paint!The block of flats opposite the hotel was a little overbearing, especially since the rooms lack any netting or blinds so you feel rather ‘exposed’.The reception staff were friendly although there was a small language barrier, and we had a few problems at breakfast with the staff telling us we weren’t booked for breakfast when this wasn’t the case. I guess it were possible we were put in better maintained rooms as we were business customers but the hotel certainly wasn’t as bad as other reviews describe! Although my stay at the Hampstead was OK, I wouldn’t stay again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Desperately Needing Maintenance	We stayed in this hotel for 2 days to join American friends who stayed 9 nights. Our room had an overpowering pungent smell of mould the cause of which was all over the curtains, adjacent wall to the windows and the window pelmet. The photo's we took are daming evidence. our friends from the US never had their sheets changed in 9 nights! and their mattrass had huge stains, including a large blood stain! and a nasty 3 inch spring sticking out of the mattrasss. Photo's are also available of this. Requests to replace mattrass were not actioned. Wallpaper in the room had several edges stuck down with cellotape. Whilst we found the front desk staff very pleasant our meeting with management over our complaints were disappointing and met with disbelief and an offer of less than 10% off the bill !!.	
Aug 20 2007	Worst hotel I have stayed in and I travel a lot	Curtains would not close leaving an 18&quot; gap. A man appeared at midnight to fix the problem he ended up ripping the darts out of each curtain to widen them but there was still 8&quot; gap at the side. Opposite was a block of highrise flats so that could see into our room at all times. We had to change in the small bathroom which was always wet through due to no ventilation. He said he would get the problem fixed the next day but he didn't. Beds have springs sticking up and were lumpy. Food was okay but just okay. I would rate this hotel as 2 star at most. It needs renovating. Wallpaper old.	
Jun 26 2007	Absolutely Deplorable Hotel. Do Not Stay unless you want a terrible time	I had the most appalling stay at this ghastly hotel. the room I was given (number 321) was directly opposite a service facility elevator, which is utilised by the housekeeping and cleaning personnel whilst servicing the rooms. Being given this particular room meant that at 8 am on Sunday morning I was abruptly awoken by the crashing and clanging of this service elevator, which of course must have been the time period that the room service personnel began to operate.Since this elevator produced such a loud excruciating, grinding and clunking sound with each and every extensive occasion that it was used, this meant that I was not only totally awoken in a terrible startled jolt, I also suffered awful sleep deprivation. However, the Hotel is little concerned, and further the Head Office in Altricham, Cheshire are not concerned with good customer relations, or spending money to make improvements, this is clear from the fact that the managing director (Mr Campbell) has not bothered to reply. DO NOT STAY!! AVOID AT ALL COST....D. WARDDUDLEYWEST MIDLANDS	
Apr 19 2007 	Not recommended	I always meant to write a note to the General Manager when I left, but decided not too - as the condition of the hotel made me think that he/she would not take the critisism on-board anyway. It was in a badly kept condition, I agree with the previous review, it was just so dirty, the bed cover, the telephone, the light switch rim (all caked with dirt) and the remote control was in-ground with dirt around the buttons. The furnishings were old and tired. I called for a pizza in the evening from room service, and was told &quot; they would see if the chef was around or had already left&quot;. When it finally came, it was as expected, a disapointment (like a packet frozen pizza from Tesco's). The reception staff were coldly efficient, nothing more. Someone should spend some money on this hotel, it really needs it - and they should be checking after the Housekeeping department.	
Apr 11 2007 	Absolutely Dreadful	I've never written one of these reviews before but I really want to just warn people that they shouldn't stay here. I stayed at the hotel with my boyfriend two weeks ago, for a weekend, and the hotel completely spoilt our trip. We arrived to find we were placed in a smoking room (which absolutely stank of mould) when we had asked for non-smoking, at the end of a long coridoor lined with empty bar glasses and spilt piles of food. The room itself was tiny, not even a full sized double bed for the two of us, the side of which was covered in brown stains. The bed covering was dotted with burnt holes, and stank of cigarettes. The decor was absolutely revolting, and the bathroom was so dirty that my boyfriend wanted to buy bottled water to clean our teeth. I know it sounds like i'm exagerating, but the whole room felt so dirty that i slept in my clothes rather than use the blankets they provided. I'm a Londoner and i know that you could get so much better value for money somewhere else in London.	
Mar 14 2007	It did it's job..	I stayed here on a school trip. it was not ideal, but as I said, it did it's job. A touch of new wall paper and a clean up would do the hotel justice.Also, we were dissapointed to find that the lovely smelling hot breakfast was not available to our party. what a let down!!!If the windows opened, we wouldn't have boiled to dealth, as it was the middle of summer, and i would have prefered it if the rooms hadn't smelt of smoke. (and we even found a half-smoked cigarette in the bathroom!!!)All the same, we survived and I lived to tell the tail.	
Feb 6 2007 	The worst service I've ever experienced	We stayed at this hotel on New Year's Eve - and it was the worst hotel experience we've ever had. The room was unbearably hot all night, despite hotel staff insisting the heating had been switched off. Even with the window wide open, the room was too hot to sleep in. 'We asked for some water to be brought up to us to help us cool down - and at first, we were told that no one could bring us some. After another request, we were made to pay £3 in the middle of the night. When we complained, the duty manager was extremely rude to us, told us there was nothing she could do about &quot;such a small problem&quot; and walked out. The desk manager was so embarrased at her behaviour that he apologised for her behaviour. We have since complained to the Britannia head office, who say their staff acted &quot;appropriately&quot;. We paid £115 for a hotel that doesn't even appear to qualify as a three star hotel and has staff that think its ok to be rude to customers. We shall NEVER be staying at a Britannia hotel again.	
Jan 14 2007 	Not 4 star	Booked the Britannia International with Alpharooms.com 3 months in advance and paid up front. Received our voucher by e-mail and had no more correspondence. We arrived on the due date on the due time, only to be told that there was no room at the Inn!Apparently, at the time of the booking (in September) their system was down and a double booking occurred! 3 months in advance remember and no further correspondence. They sent us to their other hotel, &quot;of the same standard (4*)&quot;, but no pool, &quot;but they would make it nice for us&quot;. This hotel was the Britannia Hampstead. It was NOT 4*, I would have been pushed to give it 3*. We received a bottle of wine to &quot;make it nice&quot;, which was not very nice at all!The room was a smoking room - not requested by us! The smell in the corridor was bad, but even worse in the room! There was stains on the carpet, and on the wardrobe door, the lamp was not working, there was old, old furniture, frayed bedspread - no duvet, campbed for the child that sagged in the middle, no view of the Thames as we booked! The view was condensation on the windows, complete with mildew.We were not the only people to be moved, speaking to other people at breakfast, showed that they too had been moved after arriving at 9.00am and told that their room was not ready and to go shopping for the day, it would be ready when they got back! They arrived back in the evening to discover that there was no room, that they had doubled booked!!!When we arrived at the International, it was very, very busy with people wearing badges, there was clearly a conference taking place a the hotel, and we believe that they took our bookings. The International clearly thought that it was okay to lose our bookings for the conference - probably for a lot more money!We will never book with Britannia again or Alpharooms.We thought that we would take it up with Alpharooms when we got home as we booked with them and paid them in advance. However, they don't accept responsibility. You have to take it up with the hotel at the time!Totally spoilt our weekend.	
Jan 9 2007 	good hotel given a bad name	I totally agree with the last review of this hotel, I have just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel with my boyfriend and we wish we had made it 3 nights.I too booked the visiting family and friends offer @£29 a night, staff on arrival were pleasant and checked us in in minutes, having read previous reviews of this hotel I was dubious about the rooms but having read reviews for other hotels before and then gone and stayed in them I have found that some people want hilton hotels for travelodge money. anyway the room was fab,we even had a chandelier. good wardrobe and drawer space and even tho we had a room facing the street which is a main road, traffic noise was no problem. Didn't eat or drink there as we went to london to do camden and hampstead restuarant and pubs but menu and bar prices seemed average for that area. Walking back to hotel late at night (about 3.30am) felt very safe it's all main road.would def recommend it if you are getting a deal price	
Jan 7 2007 	what on earth is all the fuss about?... jeeeezzzz	booked this hotel for 3 nights from 21st December through to Christmas Eve..... were visiting family so we booked through the hotel website on their 'visit friends and family scheme' (or something to that effect)....the hotel is in primrose hill (excellent location), about a ten minute walk from chalk farm underground station.... or a minute on the number 31 bus across the road from the station.... (this bus couldn't be more frequent... runs every couple of minutes as far as we could tell)......ok.. the hotel... hotel staff were pleasant, courteous, knew their job... the room was large, we were not falling over each other.... ok the furniture was not claridges but then we were not paying claridges money either... housekeeping was good, towels changed each day, room cleaned perfectly..... if we had any criticism it was that the shower was not very powerful.... however... there was a bath so not a huge problem.....the best part.. the bill.... £89 for three nights!!!!!... now tell me... where can you get three nights in a perfectly adequate hotel for that money in the centre of london.... you can't ... believe me.. we know.. we have tried them all.......and some that supposedly had very good reputations did not come up to the standard of this hotel......i have only one this to say to counter the criticism laid upon this hotel...... get a life!!!	
Dec 28 2006	Fantastic location rooms OK	I have just returned from a Christmas Package booked through Shearings. After reading other reviews I was prepared for the worst and even took my own air freshener! However the room was OK. The wallpaper is dated but the facilities were fine. In fact we had 15 drawers. The bathroom was fine, there were tea and coffee making facilities and a trouser press. The only downside was that the windows were covered in condensation every morning.What makes this hotel stand out for me is the location. You can walk to the top of Primrose Hill in 5 minutes and see the whole of London displayed in front of you. Then you can carry on to the canal and walk by Regents Park Zoo to Camden Lock. The markets there are fabulous and the place is buzzing.The hotel did not really seem geared up for the three coachloads of people so the meals were a bit hit and miss. The staff were helpful but overworked and not properly oganised and sometimes the food ran out.The evening entertainment was very good indeed.I would certainly consider returning and using the hotel as a base to visit London.	
Dec 17 2006 	Absolutely horrific horrible place never again	Really this place is quite horrible.If you are on a budget, I strongly advise avoiding this place and sticking with Ibis, travelodge type places.I've stayed there three or four times, as my company has an account with Britannia hotels. Each time has been horrific. The rooms are not just shabby and outdated, but dirty and smelly. I'm a smoker, but I was knocked back by the stale stench greeting me in one of the rooms. Each bathroom I have been in has been really quite disgusting, with bad housekeeping: hairs in the bath, poo in the loo and so on.The beds are uncomfortable and the breakfast very poor.Avoid at all costs.	
Oct 31 2006 	Not all that bad!	My friend booked our overnight stay here on laterooms.com. It was a really good rate but I was really concerned reading the reviews on here. So I was expecting the worst!! However, it just wasn't that bad. The location is fantastic, right in the trendy Primrose Hill/Belsize Park area. Our room was fine, just like a guest house bedroom with individual style (albeit very dated!). It was warm and spacious and the bathroom was fine. It wasn't the cleanest if could have been but it didn't fell grimy. We had a side facing room so even though we had our window open, there was no traffic noise.The staff were very accommodating throughout. We came back in from our evening out to have beers and sandwiches in the hotel bar at 11.30pm.I wouldn't choose to stay here for a longer stay, but it was absolutely fine for our purposes.	
Oct 3 2006 	a god awful hellhole	This hotel claims to have smoking and non smoking rooms, but as there is no ventilation system to speak of, and no air conditioning, the smoke from the rooms below and above us was so heavy, I had an asthma attack. Literally! The windows don't even open more than a crack for some reason, so the smell of the place is pretty gross. The decoration can best be described as an eyesore, and with few exceptions the staff is overworked and surly. Basically, imagine a really old English pub, put a bed in it, and you have this hotel. There is really nothing good I have to say about this place at all.	
Aug 28 2006 	excellent service but the hotel needs Refurbishment	Spend two days on a family holiday, for the price I think it was definitely a good deal. The hotel itself is about 3-4 miles for the main attractions so you need a transport. There is a bus stop just outside the hotel. The service and the food were very good, Both Breakfast and dinner were an open buffet with a good variety of choices. staff members were very friendly, and you can see that they are trying their best, rooms were clean, clean linen and every thing is in working order. Our room had a great view of London. However the hotel itself is left to run down, the decorations are aging, the furniture and the painting needs immediate attention.	
Feb 17 2006 	Fawlty Towers	This hotel is by far the worst hotel i have stayed in it makes Fawlty towers look like the Hilton ,it is that bad. On entering my room i was knocked back by the smell of damp lucky my work collegue was in the room next as i ended up sharing with him when i explained to the girl on the reception desk about the room she said it was a smoking room??. I explained that it was not smoke i could smell and that i did not require the room she then said there would be no refund as i had already checked in!! My friends room was not much better with ripped curtains and a disgusting bathroom. I am not overly fussy about hotels but the best about this one is the door out!!!!	
Feb 13 2006	Do not stay in this hotel	We checked in, saw the room, and immediately checked out again. There is no way that this is a 3 star hotel, even by London standards. The furniture looks as if it has been salvaged from the dump, the bathroom was unsanitary and I felt more dirty having been in the room than travelling on the underground. In fact, the toilet hadn't been flushed properly from the last occupant of the room which sums up the experience. We were shown a better room which was marginally more comfortable but there is no way I would stay there. It's out on a limb where transport is concerned (Chalk Farm tube station as opposed to Swiss Cottage as advertised on their website) and there didn't seem to be any restaurants or cafes within sight. ON NO ACCOUNT CONSIDER THIS HOTEL IF YOU WANT TO ENJOY YOUR STAY IN LONDON. We transferred to the Thistle Kensington Park which was a much nicer hotel in a great area.	
Feb 10 2006	worst hotel EVER !!!!	this has to be the worst hotel that i have ever stayed in the rooms were damp very smelly and old fashioned i had to clean the bathroom sink and toilet before we used it my work colleague had to move rooms due to the damp and dirt in his room. the breakfast was inedible the eggs were powdered and were more like soup the sausages were off and the bacon was so hard we couldnt cut it up the staff were the rudest and most unhelpful i have ever met we stayed on a business trip and my colleagues and i moved too another hotel and we could eat, shower and sleep in claen rooms this hotel should be shut down	
Feb 10 2006	definitly not 3 star	I read your previous reviews but still went for 3 days. we booked 2 twin rooms and a double. One of my friends room had a window which would not close and someone had stuck a pillow into it. The window and frame were covered in mildew. My other friends were in the double room and it had a damp smell within the room. My room was adequate but not what I would expect of a 3 star hotel, the curtains were old, shabby and TORN. All the bathrooms were poor and although possibly clean, they looked dirty especially around the wash hand basin. Sealant had been put directly over mildew. My friend could not stay in his room and moved in with me (unfortunately we could not move that night) but all three of us moved to another hotel after another day.I have stayed in London quite a few times and found this one to be old and in need of modernisation. There were cob webs on the stairwell passages and in our bedroom. The public toilet close to the check in desk smelt of urine, we did not find the staff helpfull and the hotel did not have any information on local attractions of london theatre guides so we used another local hotels facilities and then moved there.I know someone reading this will think I am very fussy, but is it too much to ask for curtains, no cobwebs, friendly staff and some information on London attractions. No doubt my other friends will add some comments and even a photo.	
Jan 25 2006	not too bad	It's old and a bit tatty, but for the money it isnt bad. It also does give you access to Primrose Hill, 15 minutes walk. There are some cool pubs and gastro-pubs and nice little shops and restaurants very near by. Breakfast there, better value than £10 at the hotel.	
Jan 25 2006	excellent vallue for money	Having read previous reviews of this hotel rather nervous about booking. However, wanted a hotel within walking distance of Hampstead Theatre and was very pleasantly surprised by this one. Large double room with good sized en suite. Room clean, tidy and warm. TV with satellite channels. Tea and coffee making facilities. Staff friendly and efficient - (light bulb had gone in bedside lamp - changed within minutes of phone call). Check in and out easy. Price unbeatable at £45 for 2 people (breakfast extra)Will definitely return.	
Dec 28 2005 	Dirty Poor Service	Filthy bathroom, had to clean toilet before I could use it, layer of dust on shelves and old hairdrier, encrusted dirt in corners.Duvet had brown stains on it. When I asked for it to be replaced it was just taken away. Service on reception abrupt. I paid extra for an 'executive' room. I suspect 'full' prices quoted on a well known late room booking site are rarely charged. Receptionist wouldn't tell me usual price for my room.Breakfast restaurant dirty - tables were not cleaned between diners, some resorted to clearing tables themselves, cutlery dirty, food quality poor, and items were not replenished as they ran out without asking and waiting.Stay away.	
Nov 30 2005	Disappointing Hotel		
Oct 25 2005	OldDamp and Haunted		
Oct 10 2005	Staff's attitude needs improvement		
Jun 2 2005	What's the problem?		
Apr 7 2005 	One of the worst....		
Feb 1 2005	worst hotel ever		
Nov 18 2004	decrepit furnishings unfriendly staff very uncomfortable stay		
Sep 17 2004	A good place to be robbed.		
Aug 29 2004	good location but loud and not very clean		
Jul 18 2004	Good Location - poor food		
Apr 19 2009	Toller Blick im 5.Stock ruhig und doch nah		
Apr 17 2009 	alllez ailleurs!!!!		
Apr 5 2009 	à eviter		
Mar 13 2009 	????????????????		
