Sep 12 2009 	bad	very very bad hotel look like a hostel , there is no lift and the breakfast is very very simple from 8 to 9.30!! in revanch its a good place near the central of london,	
Sep 1 2009 	Cheap Cheerful Basic with Nice Staff	You cant argue with the price. We wanted a roof over our heads after a concert at Hyde Park. We found this place and we were happy enough. The room was clean and it had a bed and bathroom facilities so what more can you want. Admittedly the bathroom was difficult to use being over 4ft tall but we it was adequate enough. The staff were very nice and we had a breakfast which soaked up some of the night befores alcohol! Basically if you want a cheap room to get your head down then this is the place!	
Jul 29 2009 	Friendly helpful staff	Great hotel with very friendly staff, comfortable clean rooms	
Jun 23 2009 	Dont stay here no matter how cheap	We booked a double and a triple room in this &quot;hotel&quot; the triple room was basically the attic with very narrow staircase to it that we had to haul our luggage up! It had bunk beds squashed into a room i wouldnt even consider a single room there was no curtains in this room and there was an actibe bee hive in the window we asked for curtains and to get to bee hive removed this wasnt done we then asked for another room we were given a double room with a matress on the floor and the radiator was leaking so bad it socked the matress needless to say we didnt stay got a full refund after much hassle with staff that suddenly couldnt speak english!! The night we did stay on the ground floor there was young men outside in the courtyard the whole night drinking and shouting they werent staying in the hotel and when we complained (about 3 times throughout the night) the receptionest didnt even go outside! We were awake the entire night!! Do not stay here EVER i dont care how cheap it is you might as well be on the streets!	
Mar 10 2009 	decent budget hotel in a very good location	I stayed in the New Dawn at the beginning of Feb, the hotel is a small family run business so the staff are kind and helpful, it is kept clean, although it is a budget hotel with basic furniture. I have to say I expected less, the bed was new with a warm quilt, the room I had was fairly small but I have been in London before and on average rooms are small, and the bathroom was also very small, similar to a cabin bathroom, yet clean. Breakfast was a good continental also offering eggs. For 45 gbp in a double room to be honest we were happy, the location is great, in bayswater, 5 minutes walk from Hyde park and a couple of stops away from oxford street. With that budget I would go back.	
Mar 1 2009 	The worst Hotel we ever stayed in	This hotel should not be listed as a hotel. It is more like a hostel than a hotel. The only difference between this and a hostel is that the New Dawn Hotel has all private rooms.I know that it is probably impossible to find a private room at a cheaper price in the middle of London, but I would rather pay the extra 10-20pounds a night and get something decent.The rooms are very very small. The bathroom is a joke, when you are sitting on the toilet you are practically sitting in the shower, and the sink is right in front of your head.The New Dawn provides towels, a very small bar of soap every day and has a TV in the room. Bring your own toilitries if you decide to stay other than that.The window in our room was broken and we were unable to properly close it. It was very noisy in the pub near our window and so it was pretty difficult to sleep. Breakfast consisted of Tea or Coffee and toast. That is it don't expect any more.The hotel will store your luggage if needed but they don't have a secure room to do this so you do so at your own risk!Overall, I would never stay here again or dream of recommending it BUTif you are a backpacker on a very tight budget and want a small step up from a hostel then you might consider staying here. I have stayed in a worse place, but because this place calls itself a hotel, it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.To call itself a hotel is a complete lie! It should not be legal!	
Feb 2 2009	Great Value...not sooo bad	I found the hotel not half as bad as the reviews. According to the staff thay have had a major refurbishment that was still ongoing during my stay, which was rather annoying.But the linen was nice and clean the room was cleaned daily as were the toilets. the staff were not the most helpful but the bed was new as was the paint on the walls and the carpet. The breakfast was served in a pleasent room downstairs.Of course the best part was the price. I stayed in central london for 4 nights and paid £120 and got free breakfast. I walked everywhere during my stay...to Hyde park, oxford street the museums.Good considering the price.	
Jul 21 2008 	The worst hotel ive been to!	Dont book this discusting hotel. Trust me. Unbelivible that this is legal to rent this kind of rooms to people. Me and my friend paid 170 pounds for two days, we were in the room about 5-6 hours total because it was so terrible.	
May 9 2008 	be fair please	I have stayed in the New Dawn about two times on two different occasions and I must say I do not dream of going back.. Yet I do seem to have a different opinion of the hotel from most of other reviewers. I found the staff to be exhausted but helpful. The rooms were indeed dark and seemed very neglected and bathrooms appeared mouldy and in need of repairs or some other care though they WERE cleaned daily with bleach.Altogether, I see it simply as a you-get-what-you-pay-for situation. The place IS central - 5 mins walk from Bayswater, 7 min from Queensway - and you have to be unfair to complain about the comfort of the place when paying only about 40-50 pounds per night in London. And don't forget you do your breakfast with eggs:)	
Mar 27 2008 	This place should not be legal	Before I refer the case of this hotel to the consumer watchdog I felt it was my duty to warn any potential lodgers. This is by far the worse place I have ever stayed at. In fact, I was unaware that this level of accommodation was permitted by law, I refuse to believe this place meets the most basic health/hygene standards. Staff at reception were incredibly rude and they could just about understand English. The advertised &quot;24-hour reception&quot; meant the person at reception slept on a mattress behind the counter. I got back at 4.30am one night after going out to a club and he reacted to my arrival with rolling of eyes because he had been woken up. I stayed in two different rooms and there was no heating on either of them (it was snowing outside) . It was so incredibly cold I could actually see my breath, and because all I was given was one feeble, dirty blanket, I had to sleep with my coat on and several layers of clothing.On the first night I stayed in a room downstairs (room 7) and I could hear mice scratching at the walls. The bed linen was dirty, there was fluff, dirt and used matches (!) piled up behind the two drawers in room 14 (where I stayed the folloing three nights), the television did not work, there were no curtains (just blinds) and the only lighting in the room was the light bulb hanging from the ceiling. There was no wardrobe, just a few skanky hangers. Before being allocated room 14, I was offered room 8 which had a door that could not be closed (let alone be locked), and I had to argue with the receptionist to be offered another one.&quot;Continental breakfast&quot; meant coffee with a few slices of toast, served downstairs in a room with dirty mirrors and chairs that were all different to each other and were disgustingly dirty as well, the fabric on them was worn and stained, they all looked like they had been picked up from a skip.Had I not payed in advance, I would most definitely gone somewhere else. I wouldn't have stayed in this place even if I had been payed to stay. I will now proceed to write a formal complaint to relevant bodies because I am sure this place would be closed down if it were to undergo an inspection. Absolutely revolting.	
Sep 1 2007	Horid	Cheap and Nasty the staff on the front desk dont speak english, and did not clean ourv room the whole time we were there, we stayed for 2 nights and that was far too long. the rooms are small and the pink/brown bathroom is not big enough to go to the toliet with the door closed, you can hear everything!!! and i mean everything!On the up side it is very colse to everything and only takes 10/15 mins on the tube and your in central london.  we stayed here for 25 pound PN and the quality is reflected in the price !!!if u can avoid it then do so!!!	
Jul 29 2007 	Avoid it!!!!	Horrible!! First, I got a small room on the street level. Then I asked for a change and got a slightly bigger one, still on street level: this room was very noisy, and I could smell cigarettes from passers-by. So I asked for another change. This time I got a quieter room on the first floor. At least I could then sleep. As in the other 2 rooms, the bathroom was a small box, even for a small guy like myself. But the biggest problem was to come with the rain: the bed got wet. In short, I only recommend this hotel to my enemies!	
Apr 20 2007 	Very good budget hotel!	I stayed at the New Dawn Hotel in Bayswater in London in December 2006. I have no complains about this hotel and I really think this is a very good hotel for the money you pay. I mean, 25 pounds for a ensuite room including breakfast in the central of London, it is a quite good deal. Yes, the toilets are quite small, maximum 1x2 meter, but what is there to complain about, you're not gonna sleep in the toilet are you? And also, the hotel is right by the tube station of Bayswater aswell... could it really be better? I know its not a Mariott or something but c'mon, all these bad reviews are not really 100% true.	
Feb 28 2007 	The hotel from hell!!!!!!!!!!!!	This place was such a hole that as soon as we saw the room we left again and checked into another hotel.First of all we could not find it on the street as it is not well sign posted. Then when we did find it it was behind police tape as the whole end of the road was cornered off. There was three cars all smashed into each other with what looked like bullet holes in one.We entered the filthy hotel and asked the woman at the desk what was happening and she quite calmly replied that the police were arresting a local drug lord and that there had been a shoot out!!!The room was not ready for us but she told us to leave our bags in it. When we went up to the room we had to wait while a couple had a blazing row in the middle of the corridor so we could not get past them. Then we went into the room and the walls were covered in mould, it stank of smoke and drink. There was an empty wine bottle and glasses on the table and the bed sheets were not changed. The room was dark and the door could not open fully because the horrible bed was in the way.We left and told the woman in reception we would not stay there as it was filthy and she just nooded in agreement and said yes she knew but yet refused to give us any refund.We ended up booking into a lovely hotel to get over the trauma of this experience and had a good holiday but never ever ever would I go back to that place again!!!	
Sep 23 2006 	Great location not such a great hotel	We stayed there for 15 nights. Although we had made a reservation well ahead, as we arrived, the reservation was lost. So instead of a double room, we were forced to a three-person room in the attic. The room had a broken window, thus it was very drafty. The next day we were given a new room - twice. After running around the hotel with the manager, we were finally situated in a room that was to be ours for two weeks. This room was very small and there was a rodent trap on the floor. Luckily we saw no rodents! The bathroom was quite miniscule. One could barely close the door while on the toilet seat. All in all the hotel was somewhat shabby, but relatively clean.The breakfast was - to put it mildly - disappointing. It was just tea and a couple of slices of toast with marmalade. It was very challenging to obtain a second helping! Some staff members could hardly speak English. Payment with Visa was not working until the very last days, so we were forced to withdraw large sums of cash from the cash dispenser frequently, to be able to pay 40 pounds every day. The hotel's location was excellent. The Bayswater tube station was only two minutes walk away. Hyde Park, several restaurants, shops and a shopping mall were in the immediate vicinity. A suitable place to stay if you are traveling on a tight budget and don't intend to stay in the room very much apart from sleeping.	
Apr 22 2006	Cheap but horrible!	First of all: I'm a budget traveller &amp; I'm only in my hotel for sleeping &amp; showering; I prefer to spend my money in town!Because of that I don't expect much for what I'm willing to spend on my sleepingarrangement. I've stayed at several hotels / hostels in big cities &amp; this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.Staff isn't that friendly, you have ask everyday to get clean towels, my bed was so wobbly I could hardly move without waking the person on top of the bunkbed, sheets were awful / dirty / strange hairs, a very VERY small shower / toilet (if you sit on the toilet the door can't be closed anymore...that's how small it is).The nearest Metrostation is about ten minutes walking so that isn't a plus either....Well, if you don't like somebody tell them to go here; if you want to go to a hotel in this area for about the same price go visit the Cordova House. Looks a lot nicer, bigger rooms, bathroom is ok, breakfast is ok, staff is ok &amp; a bit closer to a Metro Station. And even better: the price is only a pound or so more! A LITTLE bit more expensive but a whole lot better!!!	
Nov 29 2005	Great if you're only sleeping there...	Well... this has to be the most interesting hotel i've ever slept in! I had ordered a single... but when I arrived I was put into a twin and told I would be moved the next day (I never was)...I thought that perhaps this wasn't going to be a classy establishment. The room was at the back, down some uneven stairs, and you could smell the communal toilet from there.I opened the door and tried to turn the light on. Unfortunately there was no bulb so I had to grope around in the dark for the bathroom light (thankfully this worked). upon inspection, the wardrobe door only closed when toilet paper was shoved in the door; the telly had cigarette burns on the top; the bedside table had drawers with all different handles; the extension lead had clearly blown up at some point because it was all burnt around one of the sockets... and finally I was only given half a toilet roll in 5 days!!!!! Oh and my towels were changed once in that time too.But, for £131 for 4 nights I can't say i was expecting a palace.It's very true that it's a bit of a hovel with mismatched furniture, lazy staff and little in the way of extras but it did have a couple of things going for it. The price and the location. If you're on a budget and are literally out from morning til midnight then you can forgive it's basic amenities. It is also literally 2 minutes walk from Bayswater tube which is situated on the central line and right in the heart of London. On the doorstep are pubs and numerous eateries from Burger King to noodle bars to lovely little Italian restaurants. There's also a Tesco, Bank, shopping centre etc etc etc.So for the actual hotel I say take some flea repellant, but for location and price it really can't be beaten.	
Oct 19 2005	Pure Filth	Stay the hell away, this place is flea ridden!	
Aug 13 2005	Don't even go there !!!	The New Dawn Hotel was by far the most crappy hotel we've ever been to, and we've been to London quite a few times...First of all, the guy at the Check in - desk couldn't find our reservation, even though it was made months ago, but luckily eventually he did...We also found out during our stay that none of the staff speaks proper English...When we got to the room, it turned out that the bathroom AND the shower were situated in a room of approximately 1 by 1 metres... When you sit on the toilet, your feet are propped up against the door... And when you take a shower, you can hardly move...There was one bunkbed, which was so wobbly that you had to lie completely still to prevent it from falling apart... There was no closet room, except for two small cabinets, which were rather filthy, may I add, in which you could store some socks and a few other things... After two days we still hadn't gotten clean towels, so one of my friends had to go down to the Desk to ask for new ones...The staff in the breakfast room spoke two words of English, namely : Coffee or Tea...We couldn't watch tv, because the antenna was so bad, we had to twist it around with our hands to get a halfway decent screen, but even then we couldn't even make out people's faces or names on it... The blankets were absolutely filthy, mine even had hairs ( of unknown origin ) on it, the curtains were held together by some sort of rope or something...the floor was uneven... And finally, when we checked out, the guy behind the desk couldn't even be bothered to get off the phone to sign us out !!!In short : even though it is a VERY cheap hotel, it's not worth the annoyance and discomfort !!!	
Jul 3 2005	Stay away	The New Dawn is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.Maybe I just got a bad room... in any event, stay away from room 6 if you can. It's mouldy, tiny, the toilet leaked, and the bathroom mirror hung on the wall only because it leaned against the taps. It's bound to crash on someone someday and it'll be messy.Great location though, near the Bayswater tube station.	
Oct 21 2009 	????????		
Oct 19 2009 	bon qualite prix		
Oct 4 2009 	Super pour un séjour touristique		
Jul 27 2009 	Effettivamente pessimo		
Jun 13 2009 	????????		
May 26 2009	zéér vriendelijk onthaal !!		
Apr 22 2009 	E' tutto vero- il New Dawn è un posto orrendo- vi prego non prenotatelo!!!		
Apr 17 2009 	Horrible!!!!!!		
Dec 15 2008	senza parole...		
Dec 10 2008 	Il new dawn fa schifo		
Oct 21 2008 	Horrorhaus		
Sep 25 2008 	Il New Dawn Hotel fa proprio schifo!!!!		
Jun 14 2008 	e' uno schifo		
May 22 2008 	Günstig 		
Apr 21 2008 	Cercate altro		
Mar 10 2008 	Niemals dieses Hotel besuchen...bitte		
Jan 4 2008	che schifo		
Dec 4 2007 	hotel pulito in centro a londra		
Nov 26 2007 	zero!!!		
Sep 30 2006	il faut le voir pour le croire!		
Aug 5 2006 	Leggete le recensioni!!!!!!!		
Jun 27 2006	buono per dormirci e lavarsi		
