Nov 24 2009 	fantastic!!!	I have been in a lot of hotels in London, but it is the first time that i can really feel like at home. Everything was perfect : we were in a deluxe suite which was really big including a great bedroom very calm and very well furnished, ipod dock, flat TV, DVD player, and a living room with another TV-DVD player, a fire place and a very nice decoration, and finally a real kitchen with everything you'll need to make a good diner at home (oven, micro oven, dishwasher...). You feel so great that you don't want to eat anywhere else!!!The Staff is also really kind and efficient : you can ask for any advises and they will do anything to help you.For sure, I will come back in this great hotel as soon as possible.	
Nov 11 2009 	Impeccable I wil be going back.	‘I loved the hotel, perfectly located, appointed and decorated. The service was impeccable, many thanks to the Front Desk for making and amending reservations. I will go back and will be recommending it to others’.	
Nov 11 2008 	Best location in London	We stayed a long weekend at the end of October and loved it, the location could not be any better, right in the heart of London.We shopped most of the days and loved being able to just pop back to the Hotel so easily and drop our shopping, we felt like we coming back to our own luxurious suite in the centre of London. We loved the design of the room and the overall elegant stylish look of the hotel. We definately had the best few nights sleep we have had in a long time, the beds are really comfortable. Amazing fishtank at Reception!The staff have been really lovely and warm and welcoming helping us with theatre tickets and fabulous dinners.We cant wait to get back to London and we will definately stay here again!	
Oct 20 2008 	Perfect Hideaway in Central London	This is a fantastic hotel in central London with modern interiors, pleasant and knowledgeable staff. We stayed in a one bedroom suite in October for a weekend break and throughly enjoyed ourselves. The room was spacious and excellent value for money in such a central location. However I would recommend a two bedroom suite if staying for longer than a weekend. The concierge recommended and booked us a table at a local restaurant Wild Honey which was also amazing. The kitchen in the suite had really useful staples in and the management on confirmation of our reservation even sent us an email to see if we needed any additional items stocked in our kitchen. Oh and a fantastic welcome tray is provided with the best chocolates I have ever tasted!The bedroom had the most amazing sheets (Frette I found out as I asked), and the bathroom had REN products which were wonderful.The team in the hotel is small, but everything was handled smoothly and professionally. Better even than some of the larger luxury London hotels.We can't wait to go again....	
Oct 11 2008 	Worst hotel experience ever	We booked #5 Maddox having worked through their websiteThe latter is quite impressive and portrays a picture of absolute luxury. I cannot comment on two and three bedroom suites, but the one-bed superior suite did not impress. The bedroom was tiny, we felt almost claustrophobic. In addition, there was a vibration in the room (4th floor), living room window would not close, and no aircon in the living room/ kitchen. Note that there is no elevator in the building. These may seem like trivial issues, but to sum it up, we felt the place was not worth the money. For £290 + VAT per night one can find much better hotels in Central London or indeed Mayfair. What made it the worst hotel experience for us was the attitude of the administration and their inflexible cancellation policy. They require 48 hours advance notice or charge for full length of stay . Once we informed them that we wanted to check out early because we were not satsified with what we had booked (we decided in favour of another hotel), they charged us for four nights, although we only stayed with them for one night! We have never experienced such arrogance by any civilised accommodation establishment. This was not the first time we chose to change hotels after having checked in. It was the first time to experience an attitude this rude.	
May 20 2008 	Great for self catering not for those just looking for hotel room.	If you are looking for self catering accomodation in central London this is excellent. Kitchen extremely well stocked with a range of food and drink and lounge comfortable and a good size. If however you just want a hotel room you could do alot better for the money elsewhere. The bedrooms are small (very) and the outlook in ours was not pretty. Staff however were extremely helpful and efficient. Lots of attention to details with free fruit, chocolates, toileteries etc.	
Apr 11 2007	Problems but resolved	I stayed in the executive suite which cost 260 GBP/night. The room had no heat and it was extremely cold - so cold that i was unable to sleep despite wearing clothes to bed. The bedroom also faced onto Maddox street very near Regent St, which is a very busy and noisy street. The windows were of single pane glass and the noise from the street was unbearable even with earplugs. However, i mentioned my problems with the room to the desk assistant the next morning, and during the day while i was gone, my belongings were moved to a much larger and quieter room with heating.	
Mar 27 2007 	Delicious.	WOW - what a fab hotel. Funky , stylish and incredibly comfy. The staff were super friendly - couldnt have done more to make our stay any better.Spent ages deciding on which hotel to stay in on my first trip to London. I could'nt have picked a better one. Great location, close enough to everything yet in a quiet street. There is a great little trendy Thai restaurant just down from the hotel. No problem walking around this area even late at night. Just perfectRight through from the super helpful front desk to my designer bedroom. The Maddox has it going on.My wife and i went with friends for my birthday and could not have picked a finer base from which to explore the city. My wife and I stayed at 5 Maddox for 4 nights in early March 2007. It was our first time in London; in fact, in England. I had heard of the hotel from a magazine article and then checked it out on the internet. We were very happy with our choice. It is not cheap but we felt we got a good value. The room was nice and well appointed; the bed was sooo comfortable; the shower powerful, which I love!The front desk helped us with all sorts of questions - great meal recommendations, directions, maps, etc. We would definitely stay there again!	
Jan 26 2007 	Lovely Little Jewel	I found this hotel on a website called i-escape.com. It is a great resource.London can be very expensive, yet this hotel only charged 199 pounds sterling per night for a hotel room/suite that was more like a small pied-a-terre. My room included a small bedroom, a relatively large and fully equipped kitchen opening onto a comfortably-sized livingroom (with windows overlooking a small garden) and a good-sized bathroom. The decor was very modern and resembled that of a boutique-hotel. I was steps away from the Tube and in close proximity to everything that I needed.	
Jul 28 2006 	Again? Absolutely!	Ahh, summertime in London! London is one of my favorite cities in the world and I try to get there at least once a year. I always love trying new restaurants and new places to stay, along of course with a few of my old favorites.I initially found out about No.5 Maddox Street through an Internet search. I don’t remember now exactly where I found it initially, but as I started searching, the reviews looked interesting. Mayfair is most convenient to all the places I normally want to go; fantastic shopping on Old and New Bond Streets, a short walk to Soho and Covent Garden, and what must be at least a million of the best restaurants in the world. I'm sure that Carl Sagan would agree that No.5 Maddox Street must literally be smack in the center of the universe.I was staying in London for a couple of weeks on this trip and I thought that it would be a nice change to get a fully serviced apartment. It was a pleasure being able to have a snack out of my own refrigerator and entertain a few guests with cocktails – and much less expensive then hotel drinks.The suite that I had, I believe it was number eight, was truly like having your own very contemporary, well designed and fully furnished apartment. Yes, there were a few flights of stairs to get to number eight, but well worth the exercise.The staff also was terrific [except for one minor mishap with a cab]. I can’t wait to get back to London and stay there again!	
Jun 27 2006	Fantastic!!!	I just got back home to Münich from London and what an excellent experience I had in 5 maddox street hotel. When I first arrived the staff was very welcoming, showed me around the room in detail-which was very nice. I had travelled to London many times and stayed in various hotels but 5 maddox is the only hotel that made me feel like at home, even staff in the hotel spoke German which made me feel even more at home (very impressive for England). I stayed in One bedroom Superior-the room I had was lovely, large for London standards, cosy-with equipted kitchen., the bedroom itself was a bit small but very stylish! I would recommend this hotel without any hesitation as the best hotel experience I have had.	
May 19 2006	Mixed bag!	Stayed here one night w/ my husband. The good points are: it's quiet, it's central, it's clean.What's odd is that the room we stayed in (Superior Suite) had lots of room in the living room and the dining area and the kitchen. But the bath was teeny. You had to step into the bedroom to towel off. If you tried to shut the door to the bath, there would be no room to get out of the tub. SOooooo, you showered with the door open; and the shower and bed are set up in such a way that whomever is in bed gets a stage-like view of you having your shower. The WC is separate, btw, and you could shut the door. Yes, there were Molton Brown products and there was food in the kitchen. I don't remember if the kitchen supplies worked like a mini-bar (meaning you get charged a marked-up price if you consume anything). We didn't use any. The bath products were free.The price is quite corporate: £270 PLUS Vat per night for superior suite. I don't see how coporate prices mesh with the TV-show type shower set-up. Maybe business is conducted differently these days ;-) Location's good -- steps from Oxford Circus/Street, but still quiet.So: not much privacy in the room, expensive, clean, good location, if you're in a high room remember there is no lift! Draw your own conclusion ;-)	
Apr 10 2006	Great hotel great location	My boyfriend and I stayed at Maddox Street for one night. We arrived 45 mins earlier than scheduled check-in but our room was ready and we were allowed to check in early which impressed us. The location of this place is great - so convenient for the West End and Soho, Covent Garden, we really got to explore on foot and avoid the tube which is always a bonus.The suite we had, the cheapest option, was compact but lovely and had everything we needed and more. We were impressed with the lovely bathroom, the Molton Brown goodies and the dressing gowns. The kitchen and mini bar was also brilliantly stocked with some really good basics (i.e. dried pasta and three kinds of pasta sauce). There was a welcome tray with teas, coffee and chocs and we got a complimentary basket of pastries left outside our door in the morning with a newspaper which we ordered the previous day.The staff were friendly and courteous and there is a wide range of services available ie. room service, arranging of beauty treatments in your suite, etc. We are looking forward to planning our next visit already!	
Mar 6 2006	Luxury in London	I stayed here for a weekend with my boyfriend for our 2nd year anniversary, and we couldn't have chosen a nicer place to stay. As soon as we walked in, the noise from the street subsided and it didn't feel like we were footsteps away from Regents Street. Our apartment looked just like the photos on the website. The decor was lovely and it was all down to the perfect detail. The kitchen was stocked full of goodies, as was the mini bar. Our apartment was smaller than the others, as we chose the cheaper option - but they obviously knew what to do with the smaller space, and we felt perfectly at home and not crammed at all. It was relaxing and tranquil and whenwe actually bothered leaving our apartment to go out for dinner, we were footsteps away from some lovely restaurants - and we did have a hard time in choosing! I'd have to give this place a 10 out of 10 for decor, atmosphere, location and the staff were really helpful too. I'd definitely go back again - and maybe go for a bigger suite!	
Jun 6 2005	Home Away From Home.	My new home away from home, that means a lot in a city like London. The staff were amazing! My numerous requests were met with a smile and the recomendations were spot on. The suites were tastefully appointed and gave us the freedom to live apartment style with 5 star hotel service. The location is perfect for Oxford and Bond Street shopping and the West End. A gem in the heart of London, I'm glad we found.	
May 24 2005	Execellent Stay - Love it!	We’ve had an excellent stay. We can’t believe this place exists and this is what we’ve been looking for in London. Excellent attention to detail. Very comfortable and very quiet. I am particularly grateful to the staff for the care of us on our arrival from Cape Town – really friendly, discrete and incredibly patient!We stayed on the 4th floor (no lift but didn’t matter). The suite is fantastic, very homely atmosphere and we really liked it. The orchids are a great touch.We’ll definitely come back!	
May 15 2005	AN EXPENSIVE MISTAKE	You will always get differences of opinion in such reviews so I will outline our expectations of this place. The website is stunning. And it leads to big expectations. But when you have seen the place and check the description back, it is very very clever - and deceiving.We love our nights away and eake every penny out of the room charge - trashing the room within 5 minutes of arriving and only getting out of the huge plush bed to have a pampering session in the bathroom with the complimentary toiletries and white hotel towels or to order room service.This &quot;Hotel&quot; is featured on the type of exclusive websites that people search when trying to find that something bit different. My husband and I were planning a romantic break in London - some retail therapy followed by a night in our comfy room with mod cons/DVD etc. Had terrible difficulty finding the frontage - a single door that then leads you up a flight of stairs - and more stairs (no lift). Not what you want after 3 hours in Oxford Steet and coming back after a night out. Reception staff pleasant but uncaring. Had to pay up front. Room 6 was tastefully furnished and modern, but very tired. And there was not enough room to swing a cat. My husband is 6 foot 4 and from fingertips to toes he could touch each side of the bedroom. I had to get him to curl up in the night so that I could get around the bed to use the bathroom. Great location but you pay the price with noise and outlook was very drab, straight into offices and a youth hostel. The sofa in the lounge was too small for us to both be comfortable so we had to go out. The kitchenette was equipped with every item you wouul require to cook - but why? Is that not what room service is for? And not a moulton brown product in sight as promised in the bathroom. But there were condoms!	
Apr 18 2005	Never stay again	Got the deals from lastminute. Staff was rude (look like they have no idea what they are doing). We booked 2 suites but was on different levels. No spare blankets. No room service (only room service magazines and booklets). Check out time is too early. Room is so dull and bland. AND the main point is NO LIFTS! We will never stay again.	
Feb 18 2005	Great hotel that feels like your own stylish flat	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in February and found it a very relaxing and conveinent place. We were in a one bedroom deluxe with separate and spacious liv room with fire pl, kitchen and bedroom. (Probably worth the extra money to upgrade to this type of suite if you can swing it - the Executives face the street and I would guess to be somewhat noisy - look for deals at expedia and luxurylink) It felt somewhat akin to having a small but very tasteful apartment in London. You are within an easy walk of Leiscter Sq (for TKTS), all of the theaters, Carnaby St/ Soho shops/ restaurants, and a lot more. There is a Cafe Nerro and an Apple super store (which we used for free internet access to check email hee hee) around the corner on Regent St, and the Oxford Circus Tube stop is one more block. This is not a four star hotel with all the ameneties that come with that (though the welcome basket and free Time Out and daily paper were nice), but if you prefer to be more independent and have access to a full apartment and kitchen (with full oven, microwave, dw, but slightly limited fridge space) instead of a tiny room for the same price you'd be very happy here. It was an absolutely pleasure to come back to the apartment after a long day of sightseeing and relax here - turn on the fireplace, make a drink (buy or byo since the mini bar prices are outrageous) etc., before going back out to dinner. The front desk made all our dinner reservations for us and were extremely helpful in general. The lack of elevator was no big deal for us (we were on fourth floor) but we are pretty fit. If you have any physical limitations definitely consider this fact - but it really is not that bad; e.g. small flights of stairs, and our bags were carried up when we checked in and back down when we checked out by the staff. All and all an excellent choice for the more independent &amp;/or business traveler.	
Oct 27 2004	Home from home	I had a lovely welcome , the friendly and efficient staff gave me all the help and advice I needed.I found that the suites were very tastefully furnished, and I really felt it was a home from home . Also I had a wonderful Thai meal in Patara ( below No5) Would definately stay here again!	
Apr 3 2004	Great Location - No Lifts/Elevators	Yes the location of the hotel is excellent - Rooms for the price are not worth it - U can get something much better somewhere else in London (as everyone know there are loads of hotels) - also if your staying on the 6th Floor be prepared as they DO NOT HAVE ANY LIFTS - so unless your doing the olympics be prepared to be out of breathe and whacked out. The best thing about this hotel is the location as I said before.	
Mar 26 2004	not worth the hoopla	This place is just okay. I expected 4-5 star service and felt the whole time that the service was no more than a Holiday Inn. I had gotten a package( one that for 5 nights would have been a great deal but at only 4 nghts was ordinary expense) via Luxury link and first of all we did not get all of our nights that the package included and we had to constantly remind the staff of what the package entailed. How tacky!! We bought a 5 night stay and could only get 4 nights because they only allowed a limited number of luxury link packages. As if our money does not spend as well. This is really a tiny apartment with a desk clerk, who euphemistically call themselves a concierge. The bathroom tooo small to use while the door is closed. The pictures on the website were wonderful, 4 nights and I was glad to go. Will not stay there again.	
May 16 2003	Superb location restful living	Just came back from a four night stay, and found No.5 to be a great alternative to most London lodging. We've stayed in serviced apartments in the city before, but this is a standout because of the fantastic location (just off Regent Street, walking distance to Piccadilly, Saville Row, Hamley's, Oxford Street shopping, and many great restaurants), the restful Zen-flavored decor, and the outstanding kitchen amenities (every gadget you could need for preparing your own meals). Don't come here is you're looking for a bustling hotel atmosphere--there's only 12 apartments in the place, and the lobby is miniscule--or for great views. But for space (we stayed in both the Superior one-bedroom and the three-bedroom Bartlett suite, and while the bedrooms can be on the small side, the living areas have lots of room to stretch out), stylishly modern decor, and the flexibility of apatment living, this is a great choice. You can get some outstanding bargains for No. 5 Maddox at luxurylink.com--we won a package that saved us over a thousand dollars.	
Feb 28 2008 	Très bon séjour		
