Nov 16 2009 	Simple clean in a convenient position	Stayed for one night when down to see a show at Television Centre. This hotel was a 10 minutes walk to Hammersmith tube and then only a further 10 minutes by tube to the BBC. There was a room available when we checked in early and the staff were friendly and helpful. Room surprisingly spacious, we stayed in a guest house the previous night in another British city in which a cat could not have been swung easily! Bathroom clean with a great hot and powerful shower. Breakfast was basic but adequate. Would stay again.	
Oct 20 2009 	would do again	close to hammersmith tube station, very clean, very good service, breakfast continental.rooms rather on the smallish side but ok for a weekend.	
Oct 14 2009 	Good value and quality	Clean, modern hotel. Convenient location to tube station. Walking distance to pubs on the river.Our room was clean and comfortable. Not noisy at all.Good continental breakfast buffet. Wetherspoon's pub next door for very low priced meals.	
Sep 7 2009	Excellent	I recomend this hotel - very good value, staff were excellent and extremely polite. The hotel was very close to Hammersmith Tube so was easy to get around London and very near bus stops too which was handy. My mother and I shared a twin room. We thoroughly enjoyed our continental breakfast. Great shower and bathroom All very very good! Even managed to get my car parked in their car park for £12 overnight. Bargain. Would definately stay there again when I go back in a couple of months.	
Aug 17 2009 	A reasonable city hotel for a short break	This is the second time that my wife and I have stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Hammersmith when visiting London to see West End shows. Hammersmith may seem a bit of a way out, but it is only about 15 to 20 minutes on the tube to Piccadilly Circus, although the hotel is then about 10 minutes on foot from Hammersmith station. It is situated up its own dead end side road and is mostly above the local Wetherspoons pub, the Plough &amp; Harrow, which has the usual value for money drinks and pub grub. The hotel appears to be a fairly new build stretching back behind the façade of an original building fronting onto the road. It has “bog standard” HI Express rooms – modern rooms slightly on the small side but with interior fixtures and fittings that seem to be designed to make it feel a bit bigger, including the use of light wood effect furniture. The inclusion of just a shower room ensuite also gives a bit more space in the room. If you're driving, the hotel has its own parking garage where you can leave your car for about £12 a day, which seems like a lot, but you can pay much more in London.It sounds like some other guests have been unlucky with plumbing issues but on both occasions we stayed we had no such trouble. The windows only seem to open a fraction, presumably for safety and security reasons and although there is no in-room air conditioning as such, I’m sure that despite the sudden May heat wave, we managed to cool the room down with the blower above the door on a low setting. The complimentary continental breakfast is fine to start the day, but you have to accept its limitations. On both occasions our room was spotlessly clean, so we have no grumbles with the hotel itself.However, as the hotel is situated between the main road to the front and tube tracks to the back, we suspect that some rooms will get more road noise than others and some will get more train noise. On both times we stayed we were on the side above the entrance and last time we were directly above Wetherspoons side entrance, which surprisingly perhaps in UK 2009 we did not find to be a rowdy venue. We suffered relatively little road or rail noise but like others, we were subjected to the very early morning rubbish truck and subsequently, by a number of delivery trucks all of which were enough to wake the dead. So, no lie-ins at this hotel for many guests.One thing we did find is that just a short walk along Macbeth St opposite the hotel and under the busy A4 Great West Road by subway, you’re in a park that leads onto to a fantastic Thames river path. There are a number of lovely pubs here where you can have a fine meal and a drink and watch the comings and goings on the river, especially the oarsmen and women. Sitting there by the river in the sunshine, it actually felt like we were far out in the countryside, not just a stone’s throw from Central London. If you fancy going to see a film, there is small multi screen cinema about 100 yards up King Street which was quite acceptable.City hotels can be quite noisy. Accept this hotel for what it is, have some cotton wool ready for ear plugs if needed and, based on what others have written, hope you don’t get the plumbing problems, then HI Express Hammersmith could do the job nicely for a couple of nights.	
Aug 14 2009 	clean but extreamley noisy	we stayed in a room just above weatherspoons pub, when we booked the hotel we didnt realise the hotel was over a pub, room was very clean, but very noisy at night, people were outside smoking until 12 o clock at night, the last night we stayed we were woke up at 5 am in the morning by refuse collectors, then a bit later on bottle collectors, then a delivery we think to the pub, My Daughter and her husband stayed in the Hotel aswell but there room was at the other end of the hotel , they didnt here any noise at all ,my advise dont book a room over the weatherspoons pub.	
Aug 4 2009 	Terribly noisy night in the family room	We enjoyed the facilities of the hotel and the breakfast. The staff were very helpful. The one night we stayed however was extremely noisy. Wetherspoons is situated beneath the hotel and was noisy till after midnight. Around 4 in the morning the refuse collection was made and the noise of banging bins and reversing alarm seemed to be in the same room and woke us all. Then again about an hour later the beer delivery - beer barrels clanging for 15 minutes or so. Our meetings the following day were not easy as we were all so jaded.	
Jul 30 2009 	Beware of Smelly Shower Drains/Odours	Spent two nights at this hotel which isnt outstanding, but apart from our unlucky experience, does what it says on the tin! (breakfast is cold buffet type but adequate) However, we had an unfortunate experience with one of our rooms. (The plumbing leaves alot to be desired, with effluent/drains backing up into the shower cubicle after it had been raining) I was in bed as it was quite late but went to my daughters room after she phoned to say about the problem. Her room was filled with a most sickening/ disgusting smell and the shower base was covered in a horrible brown liquid, which had come up through the plug hole. The windows hardly opened to let in any fresh air, and it was too much for anyone to take. We phoned for assistance and they sent a man with a 'cloth and a bottle of disinfectant' who rinsed down the shower cubicle, which was totally inadequate for the situation. I insisted on changing rooms as my two children could hardly breath from the mixture of drains and chemicals, but was told by the duty manager that he couldnt move them and the smell wasn't 'so bad'.After arguing that this was a health and safety issue, and my children were not staying in the room, another one was found with a promise of compensation in the morning. ( this was now getting on for midnight) However, as next day there was no record of these events, the day manager after much arguing offered a £20 refund off the bill. To cut this saga shorter. It has taken several days of arguing with this hotel chain ( really only because of their lack of concern) and they agreed to refund £50. Yet, still no proper apology.The whole experience spoiled what should have been an enjoyable time for the family for our days in London. . We accept that things can go wrong, but you dont expect a total lack of concern and indifference., nor should you have to argue and fight for compensation over this sort of a problem. No other complaints regarding the stay, but I am very disappointed.I have also spotted that other previous guests of this hotel have noted in their reviews 'smelly drains and room odours'.	
Jul 25 2009 	For the price I couldn't have asked for anything more	If it was only the location for the Holiday Inn Express Hammersmith it would be a great review but my stay was much more than this. After a booking company in London blew my weeklong booking, and after searching London for replacement accommodations through Trip Advisor I made this booking. I arrived early in the morning and they were able to put me into my room, plus offered me the fabulous continental breakfast that is included every morning. It was a hot and steamy week, and the airconditioning was a welcome relief. My room was clean, included all that was promised. My checkout was smooth as silk. As others did I used the most reasonable internet cafe just down the street (turn right on King and its a 1 minute walk. The tube was close by in either direction, and got me to both the business and tourist locations I needed...easily. Unfortunately tho' the tube isn't airconditioned, and while I was there it was a sweat box. Didn't look in to above ground bus transportation but the Hammersmith Station is also a bus depot so you probably can get downtown easily by bus as well. Don't hesitate to stay at the Holiday Inn Express Hammersmith.	
Jul 12 2009 	excellent hotel 	we stayed in a family room for 3 nights and found it to be up to the usual holiday inn express standards. rooms modern &amp; well presented, maided daily and very clean. breakfast was continental eat-as-much-as-you-like and very adequate. staff friendly &amp; helpful, free luggage store if you arrive early or wish to leave upon departure. next door to Weatherpoons so great for good value meals, drinks, etc. lots of other restaurants, shops, etc. in the area. short walk to riverside with lovely walk along the Thames (into city centre if you are fit enough!). close to Hammersmith Apollo for gigs, and not far from Earls Court, Olympia and Fulham football ground. tube/underground about 10 mins walk to either lines and plenty of buses along the high street. diverse area with many cultures. great spot for visiting london would highly recommend.	
Jul 2 2009 	New Clean Hotel in Interesting Area	I chose this hotel for its price and ammenities. The rooms are a decent size (I had a double bed, for one person this was fine) and everything is new. The rooms have air conditioning which is very lucky as I was here during a heat wave, so I was comfortable. Nice large bathrooms and rather spacious room compared to other London hotels. Staff was mixed, some very friendly, others not at all. The best thing about the hotel is its proximity to some excellent restaurants, shopping, and other ammenities. There is a buffett breakfast and a bar, but no room service or restaurant on site but there's so much in the area, it's easy to stay well fed on a range of budgets. One thing that bothered me was that even with the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the door, the maids would knock, loudly. I complained and eventually they stopped.	
Jun 6 2009 	Good hotel for London vacation	We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Hammersmith for 6 nights starting May 24th. Check in was quick. We arrived from the US at about 8.30am and were informed that our room would be ready by 2pm. They offered to keep our bags in a locked baggage room, which was great. We had some snacks with us, so we decided to eat something before we went to central London, and they were most welcoming in letting us eat the continental breakfast being served at the time.Overall, our stay was comfortable. The staff was quite friendly and very helpful. Housekeeping was also good, we returned each night to a clean room. Breakfast is the usual, as others have already described. Great coffee machine. Staff seemed a bit over-whelmed during breakfast on certain days, however, overall, breakfast was plentiful.Parking is very limited, but it was not a concern for us as we did not have a car.Walk to Tube: We used the Hammersmith station everyday. With 2 young kids, the walk was about 8-10 minutes, without them we could have done it a bit faster. Along the way are several restaurants, pubs, shops and a big mall. It was busy during the morning, and no matter what time we returned, once as late as midnight, it alwasy felt very safe.Hammersmith station itself was great, lots of stores, the District and Circle lines are both available. The Tube is an amazing thing: clean, fast, convenient, cheap. Londoners are lucky! Having 2 lines run through Hammersmith made it quick and easy to get anywhere, most of the time without having to change trains. I found it very convenient.We did 'takeaway' or takeout as we say here on some nights, and the hotel has a microwave and some dishes/silverware one can use. They also have an ice machine. Makes meals much more affordable as there is a large Sainsbury's in Kings Mall, about 5 mins away on King St, so one could buy frozen/cold dinner and heat and eat at the hotel. The room was basic, well designed and had all the amenities one would expect at a basic hotel. It was a tight fit for a family of 4, but we expected that. We did not have lots of luggage, which helped. Bathroom was very well designed, although the shower temp seemed to change randomly, which freaked the kids out. I was afraid there would be no counter space in the bathroom, but surprisingly, there was enough space to fit our stuff. It's not a five star by any means, but it is clean, functional and comfortable.To sum up, I would stay here again if I'm lucky enough to re-visit London. I thought the location in zone 2 was good for tube connections, stores, restaurants, grocery stores etc. Central London and all it's attratctions were only 20-30 minutes away. Staff was very friendly and helpful, which always makes a big difference to me. And paying only £55 a night, I thought it was an awesome deal.	
Jun 6 2009 	They've got hoteling down to a science!	We got married at the Town Hall, then came here for our wedding night. The room was small, but very comfortable. It was very clean and the important things -- bed and shower -- were top notch. Clean cumfy white duvet, and clean hot shower with lots of water pressure. One draw back was a strong smell of drains in the room. However, when we complained about this to the staff we got a free nights stay. Staff was overly helpful and friendly and sorted it immediately. Would love to stay again.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good for Business trips	The Holiday Inn - Express hotel at Hammersmith is a good budget hotel for any international traveler. Ideal location and well connected to the London city zones, it is one of the best hotel to stay &amp; spend the business trip or even if you are on vacation with family. The hotel has a spacious reception area with smiling &amp; helpful staff. The rooms are very clean and well appointed. The rooms are secured and have all the necessary amenities a traveler would want. The house-keeping service ensures the rooms are kept clean &amp; in order. The beds are large and very comfortable and the flooring has carpets, but it’s not smelly. There is a coffee machine in each room and the property has designated no-smoking and smoking rooms. The washroom is well designed and has a tub and powerful shower. Overall the room has everything one needs to make their stay comfortable and one cannot ask for more!The restaurant is a open place near the lobby, but serves a only cold breakfast (no hot serves). The light breakfast starts your day perfectly well!The staff is very cordial and helpful and they ensure that your stay is full of comfort. I would recommend this hotel to all travelling to London and if you are on a budget.	
May 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel Value For Money and very Clean	My daughter and i stayed at this hotel from friday the 15th May till sunday the 17th May 09.Having travelled for 10 hours by coach from Scotland, we just wanted to get to the hotel and relax. We travelled on the Circle Line to Hammersmith from Victoria which was only 6 stops and took approximately 20 mins, from the station it was a 10 min walk to the hotel. Check in at the hotel was great staff were extremely friendly. Hotel room was number 315 on the 3rd floor and i have to say we were pleasantly surprised, plenty of room for mum and teenage daughter. Overall the room was very clean also bathroom was immaculate. Continental Breakfast was more than adequate to set u up for the day. Staff were very helpfull, so to sum it up if you need a decent hotel not to far away from central london then i would highly reccommend the Holiday Inn Express, Hammersmith. Will deff be back.	
May 13 2009 	allright but not the best	needed to stay somewhere close to hammersminth because of my exam centre being nearby. this was the cheapest and closest option available. everythinng over here is allright but nothing to write home about	
Apr 16 2009 	An average hotel but no major complaints	We booked this hotel mainly because we were going to a concert at Shepherds Bush so the location for that is ideal. For travellers visiting as a base for Central London then it may be a little far out. However, it is very near to three major tube lines that you can use to get to where you need to. We went into Central London every day and did not have to change once.I would say that the hotel was below average compared to other Holiday Inn/Express that I have stayed in. Our room was extremely small for a family room and very cramped. However, as a double room it would have been fine.Breakfast was ok - nothing to complain about other than it can get extremely busy - get there early.	
Apr 13 2009 	we liked it	Typical HI Express - does what it says on the tin. Good value, breakfast included, small but comfy rooms. Yes breakfast was busy but it was the school hols so to be expected around 8.30 I suppose. Staff friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend that anyone staying at this hotel use Ravenscourt Park tube (District Line) rather that Hammersmith as it's way nearer the hotel by my calculations but still in zone 2. We also used the car park, we had no problems getting the car in, £12 per night.	
Apr 11 2009 	It's o.k	On arrival we were met with a polite member of staff and quickly checked in to room 215. The hotel roms are really small,We booked a room with a sleeper sofa so you have a bit more room to manouvere. The room was clean and tidy as was the whole hotel . our room overlooked a private office car park,so it was quiet.Take a travel iron with you as there is no iron/boards in the rooms only available from reception,which is silly for the 21st century!The desk lamp didn't work neither did the standard lamp on the wall,whcih is no prblem. The window lever was loose so we couldnt close the window tight. there was a light on the wall by the main door with no cover on it,so the wire was visible,not a prblem unless you touched it I suppose! We went for breakfast on the 1st morning and they ran out of plates,no problem,we waited for about 10mins for more to arrive and when we went up to get some,they had run out for a second time!The second morning there was no room to sit for breakfast! no enough seats/tables. There is a wetherspoons pub next door where you can get a breakfast for £3,also has cheap drinks. I did try the hotel bar and my pint was watered down I was tempted to ask ' surely you get a gold fish with this?' :)There are complimentary newspapers available in the lobby.The staff that I spoke to around the hotel were always polite and pleasant.How to get there: There are 2 ways by the tube: We came in by the London Underground from Paddington Station .You come in on the Hammersmith line(pink in colour on tube map) approx 15mins journey.There are 2 tube staions in Hammersmith both opposite each other. Hammersmith line and the District /Circle line(blue in colour on tube map) when you come out of the tube from paddington ,cross the road on,take the first right by the LLoyds no1 bar (you can see this opposite you, if you come in on the District and Cirlce line),follow the road for about 10mins you'll see the Wetherspoons pub called 'The Plough And Arrow',take a right there walk along the road toward the hotel car park and on the right there are steps leading into the hotel.Depending on where you want to visit,we used the District and circle line from Hammersmith as it was easier to get connecting trains to places.	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent...	We stayed there for five nights during New Year's Eve. Excellent hotel, good location (underground station and bus station nearby), nice and quiet rooms, friendly stuff, very nice breakfast. The Picadilly line takes you to the centre at no time. Very good for families with children. We would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 19 2009 	Excellent stay. Typical Holiday Inn Express	Having first stayed late last year at the Holiday Inn Express in Hull we was hoping that this one would live up to that, and we wasn't disappointed.Location is excellent, around a 5 minutes walk to Ravenscourt Tube on the district line and 10 minutes to Hammersmith Central and piccadilly tube lines.The hotel was of the same standard as the one in Hull, clean, tidy and of good decor and noise was never a problem even though the hotel was above a wetherspoons (handy for cheap drink and food).We found the staff friendly, the breakfast perfectly fine and the location excellent. Takes around 14 to 16 minutes to get into central london on the tube and there are plenty of shops, restaurants and bars in the area.Area was perfectly safe and not as crowded as central london.Highly recommended and we are looking to book here again in August.	
Feb 24 2009 	A great stay great location.... pity about the Housekeeping!!!	Our room was not cleaned before 4pm on any of the days we were there. On the first day i opened the bed to find foreign looking hairs on the bedsheet and had to call reception 3 times for a change of bedsheets. Our bath towels were removed and not replaced. Our bathroom was not cleaned once during our 4 days stay. Housekeeping was not attentive at all and not very helpful. The rooms we basic and comfortable. Walls are very thin so were very often woken up or dusturbed by neighbours opening and closing doors, etc. Breakfast was great...wide selection. A great stay overall, pity about the Housekeeping. Great central location with restaurants and High Street shopping very close by.	
Feb 14 2009 	Good value	Although this is not the Dorchester it is very good value for London. We paid just over 300 pounds for five nights, not bad for a hotel in London. Included in that was breakfast, which was continential but good. The rooms were clean and a bit on the small side but this is what you pay for. The bed was soft, the shower good and the heating worked when needed. The towels in the bathroom were a little on the flimsy side and need to be upgraded. Check in was good as were the front of house staff. We had room 417 which was a little noisey with bins being emptied at 5 in the morning, if I were to go again I would get a room on the other side of the corridor. Only real complaint was the very high price for the internet, over 6 pounds per hour, a bit of a rip off when you consider the pub next door had WiFi for free. I think in this age no hotel should be charging such a steep price for internet connection. Overall this hotel is worth the money and had good connections to the centre of London and easy access to Heathrow.	
Dec 3 2008 	Clean cheap and convenient	I turned up on spec at 9.30pm at the Express Holiday Inn after the Novotel told me they had cancelled my booking - our travel dept had tried to use an out of date credit card. Novotel didn't inform me of this, so I was stuck without a room as they were fully booked. A local taxi driver pointed me to the Express and I'm very grateful he did. I had a warm welcome, and they even knocked £20 the room for a late booking! Room was spacious, clean and had everything you'd expect. Good sized bathroom, spotlessly clean.Only minor gripe was it was a little noisy, what with being in the centre of Hammersmith, so there was traffic noise and bins being emptied late at night.Breakfast was included in the price, and was fine for a budget hotel, a help yourself continental buffet.All in all an excellent stay, costing just over half what I would have paid up the road at the Novotel (who have henceforth lost my custom).	
Oct 23 2008 	Friendly Staff 	Nice clean and tidy room, as also the hotel is. Great location for central London. Breakfast was a basic but convenient continental style buffet	
Oct 22 2008 	Nice hotel	Stayed here for one night whilst visiting Hammersmith for a concert. Nice clean and quiet hotel. Not far up King Street so very convenient for the Apollo. Room price included continental breakfast. Would visit again.	
Oct 9 2008 	Convenient clean and comfortable	This was my first stay the this Express by Holiday inn which was recommentded by a business colleague for use when working in the West London area.Located on Hammersmith's main shopping street, King St, this property is a little odd in that the entrance is located down a side street and the hotel extends over a public house building which fronts onto King St. If you're a light sleeper I'd recommend asking for a quiet room at the rear.The lobby &amp; breakfast area is apparantly about to be modernised from it's 1990's typical Holiday Inn Express look but was otherwise clean and well presented. The staff were polite and helpful, too.The rooms have already been updated, and featured the now customary yellow / orange / blue hues. The room was spotless, quiet, warm and had the most comofrtable bed I've experienced in a hotel in a long time, with a nice 'fluffy' duvet. The only downside were the thin and grey-ish towels in the bathroom - they could do with buying some new ones.The free continental breakfast was OK - a reasonable range and again spotlessly clean surroundings.Very handy for the Tube (Hammersmith is about 5 minutes walk and Ravenscourt Park even closer) and there are excellent bus services right outside, with access to trendy and upmarket Chiswick High Rd for restaurants, bars etc in about 5 minutes or so.Worth considering - whilst not in the worst part of town, it's not necessarily the most attractive area of London if you're a tourist.	
Aug 28 2008 	Very good clean value hotel.	The hotel is very close to the tube, shops, etc and the theatres. It is also only 20 mins to central London direct on the Picadilly line, so very easy. We stayed with our two children aged 4 and 5 and the room was clean and modern, with a fairly large bathroom. The rooms were well insulated. The staff were polite and effecient. The breakfast on Sunday morning was again, very nicely presented and well organised. We were quite early though...before the swarm of other guests were there when we checked out at around 9.45. Best of all it only cost us £75 including breakfast for all 4 of us after searching for the best deals on-line. I would stay again, especially for the nearby theatre, but also just for a weekend in London.	
Aug 25 2008	decent accommodations outrageous wifi fee	I stayed here for two nights while attending a conference at the Novotel down the street.Although I might not recommend this location for sightseeing in London, I found it to be quite convenient for a quick conference visit. Anything you might need is readily available in the nearby shops, and I had some excellent kebabs and Indian food. Just a quarter-mile away is a great running path that winds along the river. The numerous tube lines at Hammersmith station make getting to Heathrow and the train stations simple and inexpensive.My room was cozy but clean and comfortable. The free breakfast was generous and tasty.The fee for wifi, however, was bordering on obscene: 25 pounds (50 USD) per day. The place is already a little pricey given the out-of-the-way location and rather basic amenities. (I paid 144 pounds per night.) Do they really need to charge $50 a day for something that is basically free to provide? What kind of person stays at a Holiday Inn *Express* and has an extra $50 for internet access?The room was decent, and the location was convenient for me, but that wifi fee was unacceptable. I have to agree with the other reviewer who said to stay at the Novotel if you need to stay in the neighborhood. It's nicer, the rates are comparable, and, according to my colleagues who stayed there, they charge less for wifi.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend Theatre trip in London. The hotel is located almost in the middle of Hammersmith High Street. Within a few minutes walk from the hotel you have all kinds of shops, takeways and even a shopping centre.Its a 5 minute walk to Hammersmith Tube station that can get you in the centre of London in about 15 mins. The hotel itself is quite new, clean and safe. The rooms are a little on the small side, but this is the only negative point. The room has AC which was great, clean nice bathroom and great power shower.My only negative comment was the buffet continental brekfast was always so busy, its a bit of a &quot;free for all&quot; tripping over people etc.If you cross the road and walk away from the hotel you walk to the river (under the A4) where you have lovely walks and some nice pubs.This will be where we stay whenever we visit London on a budget, its also handy for Heathrow (mid way between the airport and central London).	
Jul 20 2008 	Good value option	Did a short trip to London, and found this place to be very good value. Clean room, well located, adequate facilities and inexpensive - good for London.	
Jun 24 2008 	Good value business hotel for London	Spent a couple of nights there for business, room was fine, they have a breakfast bar which is also free and there is a Wetherspoons literally next door if you want a more substantial breakfast!Not a bad area with some decent pubs and good restaurants (notably the Vietnamese - Saigon Saigon).Staff also good, turned up at 9:30 hoping to drop bag and they gave me an early check-in.	
Jun 17 2008	My Favourite Place in England	I was hard pressed to have a weekend off and I found this delightful hotel - Express Holiday Inn - in Hammersmith London and I booked an overnight stay at a reasonable cost quite by chance.Since then I have stayed on a number of occasions, at Express Holiday Inn in Hammersmith and I always receive a warm welcome and an excellent breakfast which comes with my room at this exquisite hotel close to London Heathrow Airport. I am always pleased with the Business - Communications and Computing facilities as I generally have managed to get all business calls completed with outstanding results recently ... great stay at Express Holiday Inn in Hammersmith London England!	
Mar 31 2008 	Good location.	The hubby and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. Room was clean and styled like every other Holiday Inn Express in the UK. Breakfast in the morning was good and even when we strolled down at 9.30, there was still plenty there. This hotel is 5 to 10 mins walk from Hammersmith underground. There are a few pubs and eating establishments round about the hotel. There is also lots of shops ....... just in case you have forgotten something.	
Mar 30 2008	Good and clean	Good functional hotel, clean and good food. Reasonable prices for London and not far from tube.	
Feb 29 2008 	good value	I had to stay close to Hammersmith for business reasons.Considering the prices of London, this Holiday Inn is not bad (119 GBP internet rate). It is fairly new and still look well kept. Bathrooms and elevators are modern and functioning.It is 10 minutes far away (walking distance) from Hammersmith Tube station and it is very easy to reach. In spite of the closeness to the main road, it's in a somewhat quiet area, a shorter side street with parking.Check in and personnel assistance is decent enough considering it's a sort of 2-3 star hotel.The room is of the size you'd find in a Ibis or another Holiday Inn, plus with necessaire to have a cup of tea.Shower pressure is very good and the room is quite comfortable.No complaints about breakfast either but it's an area so full of every fastfood/restaurants/cafes that you will find whatever suits your needs.I have no complaints and I found this place to be a good deal for the area.	
Feb 9 2008	Nice UK hotel	We stayed at this hotel over Thanksgiving 2007. It is a little bit out of the way but it is close to the train stations. The price is okay for a UK hotel like this. We stayed for 4 nights for GBP506. The room was clean and the facilities were modern. There was no free internet. However, they provide free continental breakfast. They also have a microwave oven, dishes and cutlery in the lobby for the hotel guests. One nice thing about this place is its proximity to supermarkets. There is a Marks &amp; Spencer down the street and they sell pre-packaged reheatable meals. One word of caution though. The train from Hammersmith or Olympia do not start to run until about 8 AM on Sunday. We were unable to catch the train to the airport and had to catch a taxi instead. Otherwise, it is a decent hotel and we will consider staying there again in the future.	
Dec 10 2007 	Very poor hotel - stay in the Novotel down the road!!	I can't believe this hotel ranks higher on Tripadvisor than the far superior Novotel down the road which I have stayed in numerous times. Stayed at the HI Express recently having paid the horrific sum of £263 for 2 nights in a family room (the Novotel was fully booked). Arrived to find that we were in a microscopic room and that the bed for our children had not been made up. The heating in the room was not working and we were not given sufficient towels and pillows for all of us. The breakfast was extremely poor with very limited choice and the coffee was undrinkable. I wouldn't mind all of this if I had paid a fair rate for the room but I really think we were charged way over the odds for a very basic hotel a long way out of central London. I will not be staying here again and recommend anyone wishing to stay in this part of London to stay in the nearby Novotel.	
Dec 7 2007 	Good location - Internet is $120.00 for 7 days!!!	I stayed at the hotel on a business trip while in London. The hotel is very modern and somewhat clean. The beds are somewhat comfortable and the pillows are hard. They do not have face clothes, instead, the have a heavy duty paper towel that has “facecloth” printed on it. Also, the soap comes from a dispenser on the wall - The breakfast is very typical. The internet is $120.00 for 7 days!!!The hotel is centrally located and an 8-minute walk to the Ravens or Hammersmith Tube stop	
Oct 7 2007 	A Really Good Deal	My wife and I stayed at Express by Holiday Inn for 4 nights in September. The room was small but clean and adequate, and everything worked. They gave us a top floor room, as we had requested, and the lifts to the fourth floor worked well. We never heard sounds from neighbors on either side. We could hear trains on the Jubilee line in the distance, but the window glass was thick enough to muffle the sound. The sound of dogs barking in the morning came through, though. While the room was small, the public space on the ground floor was quite roomy. It served as a breakfast area and a lounge. The website said the hotel was a Stg 25 taxi ride from Heathrow airport, but our taxi took the most direct route (M4) and the meter showed slightly more than Stg 40 when we arrived. We will come next time by underground from Heathrow because the Jubilee Line station is only 10 minutesaway. We used a nearby Internet cafe to pick up our e-mails for Stg 1 per hour, but the hotel offers an affordable deal for accessing only e-mail sites (but not browsing), I think Stg 3 for 60 minutes. The Plough and Harrow bar and restaurant in the same building provided a good lunch, and there are many good restaurants on King Street. We enjoyed dinner at Minato Japanese restaurant. The questionnaire given to us on the last day asked if we had received the privileges appropriate to our Priority Club status and if the staff considered our needs a high priority. Perhaps this highly professional corporate emphasis is why the staff that we met were so personably helpful and friendly. We especially appreciated the genuine helpfulness of the tall young man named Saran and the young lady named Saldina. We feel the Holiday Inn Hammersmith was an unusually good deal, and the management should be complimented for doing such a good job.	
Aug 24 2007 	Basic and clean	This is a typical 'Express' hotel. Rooms are basic and a little on the small side, but clean and comfortable. The buffet breakfast, which is essentially served in the lobby area, is passable but nothing special and the staff seemed very over-worked. The hotel itself is a good 10 minutes' walk from Hammersmith tube station. Definitely not worth the £109 rack rate, but ok if you can get a good deal.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Hotel and good location	I was a little dubious when I heard was staying at a &quot;Holiday Inn Express&quot;. However I was pleasantly surprised! The rooms are modern, clean and a fair size. The shower was great - which is always a plus after a hard night on the tiles.Staff were very friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast is great - the croissants were the best I have had in a long time.Mix of business people and tourists at this time of year, and there is parking available if you need it.All in all a very pleasant experience.	
Jul 2 2007 	Good value hotel in central location	I stayed here with my wife and ten year old son for a night . The hotel is everything you would expect from a Holiday Inn Express (clean, basic, good value) - we asked for a quiet room and despite the location (situated on a busy shopping street) we were given a quiet room. When I arrived I needed to make a call and the receptionist offered me the use of the hotel phone free of charge.The room cost the three of us £88 - not bad for London. The breakfast is a basic continental buffet but fine for the price.Ten minute walk to Hammersmith tube station, which is on the district line and takes approx 15 minutes into Embankment and the centre.	
May 27 2007 	Value for money	We stayed here for 4 nights in May 2007. It is a 7 minute walk from the tube station and a bit more signage would help as it is at the back of a pub, down a lane. It is a modern hotel and the front desk staff was helpfull although busy most of the time. The room were modern and clean but small with the sofa bed in use. The breakfast was reasonable and in the foyer area you could get a beer and play pool. Right in front of the hotel is a pub that has drinks and food specials every night for a good price and quality but can be a little slow. The hotel internet was expense, but they directed you to an internet cafe to the right about a minute away for 1 pound an hour. We travelled for six weeks and this was about the best value for money and I would stay here again.	
May 17 2007 	Great for the Apollo	This is a great hotel if you are at a gig at the Apollo. We stay there everytime we go. Free continental breakfast too. Loads of cereal and toast and yoghurt, tea, coffee, milk and juice.	
Apr 23 2007 	Is not worth it	I must admit this hotel is spotless clean,and of course as they emphasis they have powerful shower. The beds are comfortable, the room are a little bit cozy and small.However few drawbacks that really make this stay not worth it at all time.I stayed for almost a weeks in early April.First of all the hotel has very sensitive fire alarm, it sets off twice very early in the morning thoughout my 6nights stay. Once was when some people didnt know their toaster can only put one bread at a time and get too smokey. If only they replace the toaster....Secondly, their staffs are generally very kind, excluding this indian(or pakistan) girl i met (no offence to indians, just so happen this one is indian origin), her name is meena or meana, i can't remember. She gave me the impression she is there to answer phone calls and a few questions, she is not suppose to do anything else due to shortage of manpower. I asked for a replace of boiler, she response LATER(she was busy with other customers). The second time i asked forit she response you really want it now? What the heck is this attitude, i won't ask for it now if i want it to be replaced tomorrow. Then she said is late now, and there are no maintainance fellows in the hotel until tomorrow morning. Can you wait till tomorrow. Of course she didn't do anything the next morning.They have this tv in the room, where you can check you email, by paying around 2-3pounds per hour, but is only for email checking not surfing.Unfortunately the mouse who come with the keyboard don't seems to works. This very nice guy actually replace the keyboard for me very early in the morning when i called the reception around 6a.m. And this guy manage to delete the internet charges from my bills because after replacement of new keyboard, the mouse still doesnt work. There certainly are good people in the hotel, however one evil colleague of them is enough to make my stay.the hotel is about a 15minutes walk from the tube station, is a pleasant walk, but is not convenient enough. If you could find any hotel in zone 1 for 80pounds, then avoid this hotel at all time, unless you are trying to stick with your budget, then this hotel might offer some saving for your trip. however they don't save you money during peak season or if you book direct.The rooms are very noisy every morning when this truck come in to collect some steel container from the next door barHammersmith is a pleasant place to be only if it is good value compared with central london. But avoid this hotel, you dont want to be waken up every other day around 7 am in the morning while people start toasting their bread. Only if their receptionist (meana) are more sensitive than their toaster, i suppose	
Apr 13 2007 	Great place to stay	This little gem in Hammersmith is a great alternative to city centre hotels. For a start there's a (small) car park which at only £12 for a 24 hour stay is a bargain but you probably have to get there early to get a space.The hotel is just off the main shopping thoroughfare in Hammersmith but is surprisingly quiet. Our room was clean and fresh with enough room for a small desk area, TV, tea and coffee making gear. We didn't need anything else. There are safe deposit boxes and a vending machine in the ground floor lobby. There is a small bar area with a pool table. Breakfast is of the help yourself continental type (cereal, juices, tea, coffee, cheese, pastries and fruit salads) taken on the ground floor. There's no restaurant but Hammersmith high street is just outside and is full of coffee shops and cafes.The nearest tube is only 5 minutes walk and within 10-15 minutes you can be in Green Park or Piccadilly. All in all I would recommend this hotel for both location and cleanliness and would definitely use it again.	
Apr 12 2007	Good value for London	Good value for London. Hotel visitors were a mix of business travelers and those on vacation. Rooms and lobby area were very clean. Breakfast Bar was very good- fresh fruits, cereals, breads, yogurt, etc... We also enjoyed the pool table in the bar area. The tube station is down the street, about a 7-8 min walk.	
Apr 10 2007 	Excellent!	Excellent! I stayed here with my partner and children over the Easter weekend as we'd booked to see Scooby-Doo in the Hammersmth Apollo. Also caught nearby tube to Madam Tussauds, Museums, South bank etc. Staff really friendly and helpfull (especially Laura - a big thanks for sorting out our room) Hotel located next to a cheap Wetherspoons restaurant where we could all eat reasonably. Also visited cinema close to hotel, as we were all too exhausted to do any more walking!Will definately stay again.	
Feb 18 2007 	Very nice	Stayed with a friend in twin room while partying at Hammersmith Palais.It is a 10 minute walk to the tube station,and 15 minutes to the Palais. It is a very clean hotel, rooms were spotless, and we got it all for £70 through one of the associated web sites that pop up on left of computer screen, it was an american site that was non refundable ( that was why it was such a good deal). Nice Weatherspoons next door, with good pubs and resteraunts on way to Palais. All in all good value ,very efficient, modern and clean. Only a buffett breakfast though, but that is expected at Expess, so cant complain, (I needed a fry up after a big night out!)	
Feb 17 2007	beware booking process	I should make clear I am not reviewing the hotel itself. For reasons that will become clear we never stayed there.I booked over the internet about a month before the proposed visit in January. I took an offer that was slightly cheaper if you paid there and then. If they gave me a booking reference I failed to note it. I assumed they would send an e-mail with the reference and details. It never arrived.I therefore e-mailed the contact address on the holiday express website asking if they could tell me the booking reference number. They e-mailed back saying they would need the details of which hotel and the date (which I had already given them). I therefore e-mailed those and the response came back that no booking had been made by me of that hotel for the date given.I proceeded therefore on the basis that no booking had been made. As I wanted to stay in London on that night but did not by now have much faith in the Holiday Express booking process I booked somewhere else.Weeks after the visit was complete I received my credit card statement showing they had taken payment. I e-mailed the contact address again asking why this was. They responded on this occasion that I would have to contact Hammersmith direct to ask. This I did. The reservations guy there asked me to send him copies of the e-mails I had before which I did. Eventually however he got in touch to say that he could not refund the money because as far as Hammersmith were concerned the booking was made. He told me to contact Customer Services.By this time I gave up as it was taking up a lot of time and getting me nowhere. The chap in Hammersmith did indicate that I had probably been e-mailing America and also that they did not seem to understand my point when explained by him - which I took to mean that he saw my point.Anyway I did not have the resolve to persevere with this but clearly they should have refunded me this payment. I just therefore wished to warn anyone else booking this hotel that while it may be fine to stay there be careful you do not end up in this booking morass and similarly out of pocket.	
Jan 26 2007 	Good for exploring London!	Stayed her for 5 nights with my girlfriend to celebrate new years eve 2006/2007! We found that the hotel staff were friendly and helpful, we are from Norway so our english is not the best but they understood!The room was clean and large enough for the two of us. Bathroom was ok! Our room was 340 (I think), and that was a bit noisy, but we were tired from walking all day i London!The next time we travel to London we will find a Hotel closer to central London, but as it was our first time there the hotel was great for exploring! The tube took about 13 minutes to central London.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great value	This hotel is very clean and comfortable. It is located right near the tube station for Hammersmith and some bus lines that take you to central London, so it is a great location for sightseeing without having to stay in an area that is too crowded with tourists. Taking the underground to the hotel from Heathrow is very easy because they are on the same line.  The rooms are very clean and did not smell like smoke the way many &quot;non-smoking&quot; rooms often can. One thing that detracted from the experience was that even though we reserved a room with a sofa bed and a double on the website, when we arrived we were given a choice of twin or double rooms because we were only 2 to a room and they allocated those rooms to families. So if you book here you may want to call before hand to ensure the specific room you book is what you get. Other than that the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel breakfast was awesome, lots of fruit, pastries, and cereal. A very good value at 70 pounds a night including breakfast.	
Dec 13 2006 	Great for travellers from the West	This is a good Express by Holiday Inn. It's own very small on-site car park make it a good option for travellers from Wales and the West of England, (providing there is a space, it's first come first served). It's about 10 minutes walk from the tube, and you can drive here fairly easily without the headaches of driving in central London. I've stayed here a few times, the last time in August 2006. The rooms have always been clean, staff helpful and continental breakfast as you would expect.The area is fine with lots of drinking and eating options close by.The hotel rates don't seem as good as some of the Express by Holiday Inns in London, and I expect this has much to do with the convenience of the site and the quality of service delivered. This is one of the first hotels I look for when staying in London, and you do seem to need to book early here.	
Oct 23 2006 	Recommended	Thoroughly recommend using this hotel if visiting London. Accessible tube nearby, quiet street, plenty restaurant choice, polite and friendly staff, spotlessly clean rooms, working (!) air conditioning, etc etc etc. We stayed here with our 2 small children and although the room was cramped with the sofa bed out, we were only really there to sleep.After reading reviews of other hotels and B&amp;Bs on here in the same area, I'm so glad we went here. Worth every penny.	
Jul 31 2006 	excellent value between heathrow and central london	I paid GBP82 for a room including an excellent continental breakfast. The room, breakfast, and the service exceeded my expectations. The airconditioning worked (it was 36.5 celsius outside), the shower was really a power shower, the room was very tidy and efficiently equipped, the breakfast offerings were plentiful and varied, and the reception at the check in desk friendly and efficient. Plenty of excellent, cheap restaurants around -- check out Sagar for vegetarian south indian cuisine across the road from the hotel on King street. I would definitely go back -- it's a great overnight stopover option en route to Heathrow (only 3 GBP on the Piccadilly line).	
Jun 13 2006	Excellent value for money	This is the second time I've stayed in this hotel. On both occasions it has provided the perfect base for exploring London. We managed to get the (double) room for £59 per night, on the internet, a bargain for London. We had to pay to park the car in the secure Hotel car park (£24 for 48hrs) but it still worked out less expensive than getting the train, and the Hotel even extended our ticket for an extra 5 hours at no extra charge.The Hotel was clean and bright, the rooms a good size, clean and smart, there's a shower but no bath. The AC in the room was great as the weather was fantastic. The continental breakfast consisted of wide choice of cereals, toast, pastries, hot drinks and juices and was included in the price.The tube links with the city are great, there are 2 stations within walking distance. Unfortunately, the line was closed for maintainance on the Saturday and Sunday but the replacement bus service took us to the next available station and it was fast and efficient there were also plenty of transport advisors around to advise and direct you.There are lots of restaurants in the immediate vicinity, if you don't fancy heading back into the city. We visited Chula which is very close to the Hotel entrance and enjoyed an excellent indian meal, which was very reasonable and a bit different to the usual (sit at the rear, in a booth it's very intimate and authentic). There were some unusual characters on the Hammersmith High street but none of them even looked our way and we never felt intimidated or threatened. Cross the road directly in front of the hotel, up the side street and under the subway and you come to a nice park area where you can have a picnic, or take a right through the park and head for about 1/2 mile to the Old Ship (my friend got married there last year) and enjoy a drink on the Thames....FAB!All in all we had an excellent time and we'll stay there again.	
Dec 1 2005	Visito to Hammersmith	It was in a perfect location for me as I was visiting the Apollo Theatre nearby. It is very convenient for the tube and its just a short trip into the city centre. Very Clean room and very friendly staff, however it was expensive considering breakfast was not provided. I would return there if I was visiting Hammersmith again	
Oct 16 2005	Excellent hotel but not centrally located	This is an excellent, modern hotel. Its disadvantage is that it is located in Hammersmith, which is west of the central part of London. I chose it after carefully considering other reviews of it here and was very pleased with my choice. My room (no. 408) was a single on the 4th of the hotel's 4 floors. It was very modern, with a built-in desk, TV with combination computer terminal and modern tiled bathroom (shower, no bath). It had the largest bed I have ever had in a single. I have stayed in a number of other single rooms in London and Europe, and this was among the roomier ones. The breakfast was ordinary--rolls, juices, coffee and tea. The hotel is located on King St.--actually its entrance sits some way back from the street down an entrance driveway. It is a 10-minute walk to the Hammersmith underground station. King St. is a decidedly downmarket, although bustling, shopping and restaurant street. There are about 5-6 restaurants (including fast food) within 2 blocks and 15-20 within 4 or 5 blocks, although none seemed any more than average. There is a medium-size shopping mall about one block down King St. and another one in the building that houses the Hammersmith underground station. Hammersmith is in underground fare zone 2, which means that an all-day underground ticket costs slightly more than one if you stayed closer to central London in fare zone 1 (most of the attractions in London are in zone 1). It takes about a 20-minute ride to get to the sites in London that most people come to see. Thus, there very much is a tradeoff between the extra time and distance it takes if you stay here versus staying closer to the main part of London--but also involving the reasonable prices and modernity that this hotel offers. I have stayed previously in Bayswater, and it was so nice to be able to leave the hotel there in the morning and just walk to Hyde Park or some other nearby destination (although the hotel room I had there was wretched). Because of that tradeoff, I frankly can't say whetherI would choose Hammersmith or not next time. The hotel staff there was cordial and efficient. In short, very good hotel, not-so-good location. (One further thing: Hammersmith is on the underground line that goes out to Heathrow. That means that coming in from the airport (jet-lagged in my case) it's possible to get off the underground at your hotel stop without having to travel into central London and change to another underground line. A nice little advantage coming and going.)	
Jul 26 2005	Holiday Inn Express in Hammersmith London	Funny, I usually dislike &quot;small&quot; and &quot;impersonal,&quot; and the rooms here fit both those adjectives. But I really enjoyed my five-day stay at this HI. The &quot;double&quot; rooms are small, but mine worked fine for me when I was alone. My wife joined me for my last night, and -- yeah -- that was pretty crowded. But the first four nights were fine. The rooms are well designed and efficient: a sofa, a good desk, and a comfortable bed. Everything worked, including the air conditioning (and it was in the 90's F outside). There's also a high-speed Internet connection, which is why I stayed there in the first place ... but the two I'net cafes across the street offer much cheaper connectivity. Within a few hundred yards (or meters) of the lobby, you have several good Indian, Thai, and Japanese restaurants ... a Radio-Shack knockoff ... a big grocery store ... liquor stores ... a computer store ... etc. And you're only a half-km from the Hammersmith tube station.	
Apr 5 2005	Very Enjoyable Stay	My wife, myself and our 6yr old daughter stayed here for two nights in April. All I can say is we would not hesitate to use this hotel again. I could not agree more with the previous reviews, our room was spotless as was all other areas within the hotel.The staff were very friendly and helpfull and our continental breakfast (included in the price) was well presented, fresh and plentyful.	
Mar 18 2005	well worth the stay	excellent hotel, very friendly staff and nice clean and cosey room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone spending time in london, with the tube just a few minutes walk this is a good wholesome base that takes care of its customers. Breakfast times are extended and worth getting up for.towels could do with a bit of fabric softner though.	
Oct 19 2004	excellent hotel	we stayed one night at this hotelits very clean and 8 minutes from the tube which takes u into the west end.........clean towelsshampoo etc.....hair dryergood continental breakfastfree news paperst.v in roomvery very clean.........	
Apr 2 2003	Nice new and clean	I think that hotel is very good value. The tube is close nearby, roughly a 10' walk. Nice restaurants or shops in the area. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated, no Laura Ashley style :-) Good bathrooms with excellent showers. The continental breakfast is good and fresh and we were served by friendly staff.	
Sep 5 2009 	hotel perfecto alejado centro turistico pero en zona comercial y bien comunicado		
Aug 22 2009 	Hotel comodo e valido		
Apr 13 2009 	Perfecto		
Jul 17 2008 	so süss		
