Nov 10 2009 	Perfect location friendly efficient service great room - will definately return	Dukes is the perfect location for a weekend of fun in the West End - you can walk everywhere and all the buildings around it are so pretty, we wandered up Bond Street to Oxford Street for some shopping and lunch. Then down Jermyn St to Leceister Square for the cinema. The concierge recommended a booked a fabulous restaurant for dinner nearby. The team on reception were great - very helpful and friendly. Our room was very comfortable, particularly the bath. Our only negative point was that the we didn't realise the complimentary chocolates were chocolates as they were wrapped in a plain white box that looked like it was part of the stationery! We had a memorable stay and would defaintely return - highly recommend.	
Oct 30 2009 	A touch of traditional English luxury	This was our first time to stay at Dukes Hotel and we certainly hope that it won't be the last. During our hectic visit to London - sightseeing, shopping, and packing in as many shows as possible - we found it to be a charming cosy quiet little retreat to return to. The staff were always polite and helpful. The martinis in the bar are amazing....maybe a bit too amazing for me!!! And we also enjoyed a delicious dinner in their elegant dining room. Altogether a first class experience.	
Oct 24 2009 	One of the World's best hotels	On the spur of the moment, my wife and I went to London to celebrate my 80th birthday. It had been several years since we had been there and since it was a special occasion we chose our favorite place to stay, Dukes Hotel. It was even more wonderful than we had remembered: We fell in love with the hotel again as we turned into the cute little private lane and saw the charming hotel hotel. Once inside, the hotel decor was even more beautiful than remembered with an understated English country home-like elegance. The staff was as helpful and gracious as remembered. The concierge helped us select three fabulous plays to see and secured tickets for us and recommendations for dinner. Our guestroom was lovingly decorated and the comfort outstanding. I can't imagine ever going to London without choosing to stay at Dukes Hotel. It is fantastic and is superbly located in the heart of London.	
Oct 15 2009 	Absolutely love the Dukes Hotel We stay there often.	It is like coming &quot;Home&quot; for us. We are known there. They go out of their way to ensure that our stay is perfect.An excellent Concierge who really goes above and beyond to be of assistance.Great Bar, where they have &quot;Famous&quot; martiniis!!	
Oct 15 2009 	P.G.Wodehouse would approve!	I recently stayed at this charming little hotel while on a whirlwind personal/business trip. My schedule was frantic but Duke's was an oasis of calm. The rooms are smaller than most American hotels but very comfortable. The bathroom was lovely. The staff was pleasant, efficient and friendly. And dinner in the restaurant was delicious. I had the opportunity to return a few days after I had checked out for a meeting. I found it perfectly delightful that the bellmen recognized me and greeted me like an old friend.If you want a polished, truly British experience, I suggest this clubby, little retreat. Jeeves and Bertie would be completely at home here!	
Sep 28 2009 	A little oasis of calm and tranquility in busy London	I have now stayed several times at Dukes so can speak with some authority - it is a little gem in central London. The hotel is located a stone's throw from St James's Palace and is very convenient for West End, theatreland etc. It is not cheap but you pay no more than you would expect to for this exclusive part of London and in return for your money you get a lovely comfortable bedroom with individual classy furnishings and discreet but always helpful service. The public areas are like being in a rather grand country house and the bar is famous for its cocktails in particular its wonderful martinis. This hotel has real class but is not pretentious - you can relax and soak up the calming atmosphere (and have just one more martini)	
Sep 20 2009 	Great service location and food	Rooms and beds were clean, comfortable and quiet with more spaace that usual in a European hotel in a traditional buiding. Location, just off Picadilly and St James, is superb. Hotel staff were very friendly, helpful and seemed genuinely concrened that we two couples enjoyed our two-day saty. Food and service in the restaurant were great and the chef willing to vary the menu design to suit particular tatses. The bar can get very busy at cocktail time and later and without a reservation it can be difficult to get a table even if a resident.	
Sep 18 2009 	Class at Dukes	Perfect location close to Green Park, Fortnum and Mason, Old and New Bond Street, Regent Street. Service accomplished and professional. Accomodation fresh and decor a pleasure to the eye. The restaurant lovely and graceful. All in all a very pleasant and classy experience.	
Jul 30 2009 	Glad the Four Seasons was closed...	What a location: no street noise, so central, wonderful area for just about everything. The staff was seemless and unfailingly polite to our group of four teenagers who were at times a little too loud for a small hotel. Room service was prompt and good, rooms were clean and well appointed, front desk and concierge were excellent. Dukes was a solid value and in retrospect, I am glad that the Four Seasons was closed for remodeling. Will return.	
Jul 30 2009 	A calm sanctuary in the heart of hectic London	My girlfriend and I stayed here for one night the other weekend. We had to attend a party in Mayfair and needed a place to lay our heads for the night. We arrived by taxi and were immediately provided assistance from a friendly doorman. The check-in was smooth and efficient and the receptionist was charming and friendly throughout the process. Our room was located overlooking the courtyard at the front of the hotel and there seemed something fitting and thoroughly British about the view of the surrounding townhouses of St. James and the large Union Jack fluttering above the entrance to the hotel. Our room was large and it was charmingly decorated, albeit in a clean and uncluttered manner. Rich, quality fabrics were used in the bedroom and the bathroom was clad in polished white marble. The bathtub was huge and also benefitted from a drench shower head. Furthermore, the hotel uses REN bathroom products, which happen to be our favorite.I needed some pressing done ahead of the party and this was promptly collected and swiftly returned, with the employee that conducted the interaction being charming and friendly. After a long, hectic night at the party it was great to return to Dukes. The hotel is nestled in such a location that the hustle and bustle of the metropolis and the cacophany of traffic noise on Piccadilly just disapated as we walked the quiet streets of St. James. By the time we reached Dukes we were surrounded by nothing but serene silence. This, coupled with the massive bed and soft linen, (and perhaps several bottles of wine consumed at the party) ensured we slept extremely well. Whilst we didn't have breakfast at the hotel we did enjoy a cup of tea in the small but pleasant hotel lobby. Sitting in the over-sized comfortable armchairs in the lobby, sipping hot Earl Gray tea and reading the Sunday paper with light streaming in through the huge sash windows was just the perfect and proper way to kickstart a Sunday. Dukes is a great little secret. Whilst it doesn't have the same presence as some of London's bigger hotels, it benefits from an amazing location in the heart of the city and is near Green Park, Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly Circus, Mayfair, Regent Street and Oxford Street. Everything you need is within a walk of the hotel. However, Dukes best strength is that whilst the hustle of London remains but a few short steps away, it feels a world away from the calm, comfortable and warm sanctuary of the hotel. It is fitting that such a jewel is located so close to Buckingham Palace!	
Jul 29 2009 	superb week-end breakextremely comfortable hotel.	terrific hotel, really friendly staff, check in very easy and quick lovely ,helpful girls on duty, an excellant concierge to get theatre tickets and restaurant bookings from and a lot of information about what trips and places of interest tosee. the room was spacious and very comfortable overlooking the courtyard so also very quiet.all in all a great stay in a beautiful hotel,with incredible cocktails in the friendly bar. 10 out of 10.	
Jul 28 2009 	Flawless	We stayed three nights at the Dukes and it was perfect.The location is unbeatable. In the heart of exciting London, yet not surrounded by hectic rush.Everything you would like to see and do is one step or one underground stop away.The room was spotless, the bed was comfy, the staff was polite and helpful.When you stay at a hotel, the question raises: can you have it all?Apparently at the Dukes you can.	
Jul 24 2009 	First time London first time Dukes Hotel great experience	It was our first trip to London and we booked Dukes Hotel. We had a great time andwe enjoyed the stay in the Dukes very much. Big compliments and a warm thank youto all friendly and competent employees and kind regards from Germany to London.	
Jul 21 2009 	Disappointed with Dukes Hotel	Pulled the suitcases from the Underground to Dukes only to not have anyone at the front steps to help get the luggage up the steps and into the hotel. Had but one bathrobe in the room; called for a second, which still hadn't been delivered two hours later. Found staff to be not particularly helpful, or friendly. The room was quite small. We won't be here again. $15 pounds in the bar for a vodka tonic without ordering a specific brand of vodka. No free in-room wi-fi. There is a single computer in the lobby area with free wi-fi in a room about the size of a phone booth.	
Jul 21 2009 	If i wanted to be treated like a criminal i would book into the local prison.	My father pre-booked this hotel for my partner and I last minute (the night before), as a gift, as we needed to spend the night in London. He picked this 5 star hotel based on attractive pictures and a promise of excellence.On arrival my partner and I found that the hotel had lost our booking and we were left waiting in reception for a considerable time. Our booking was not uncovered, however we were placed in a room. The room had been freshly painted and the fumes were unpleasant. We accepted the room due to being tired and wanting to sleep.On attempting to check out of the hotel we faced yet another problem. The hotel asked us how we intended to pay and we responded that it had already been paid. They said that it was pre-booked with a credit card but that was only a guarantee and it had to be paid. I told them they were welcome to charge the card but they said that the card holder needed to be present, my father.I have never come across this problem in a hotel, most of which will charge the card used to book or invoice the card holder without them being present. We were forced to wait in reception again and when the hotel rang my father who was not available or accessible to london the hotel told him that they could not let me leave until it was paid. I was made to feel like a criminal and while waiting we witnessed other costumers problems checking in and out. The room was average definately not 5 star standard and i have recieved better service in a bed sit in turkey. 1 star service at best. A terrible experience. The hotel will be losing potential business from my fathers company as well as all other companies he deals with.	
Jul 19 2009	The perfect place	I just came back from a trip to London. I have not been in London for 6 years and my wife and I wanted to spend two days there. We wanted to be close to all main attractions and we heard from friends about the Dukes Hotel. We managed to book a nice room and the whole stay exceeded our expectations. First of all the location is brilliant, very quiet despite being a few minutes walk from Piccadilly. The room was cosy and very clean. The service was superbe from the moment we walked in until check out. They have anticipated all our needs. The food was excellent and definetely recommend the martini bar. One of the most famous place to chill out and enjoy their specials martinis. We even had the opportunity to meet the General Manager which is always a great plus to see the GM taking personally care of his guests. Definetely recommend this hotel to everyone. Thank you for such an amazing stay.	
Jul 17 2009 	Perfect venue for business meeting	I used the hotel as a venue for a business meeting for about 10 people. I couldn't fault it. The meeting room was well equipped, the food was excellent and the staff were exceptionally friendly and attentive. It was perfect.	
Jul 14 2009 	Standard High End London Hotel	A good high end hotel with very all the normal amenities you would expect and a very helpful concierge that recommended some good restaurants in the area. Great location near Green Park tube. We arrived early and the only empty room was in the basement so that wasn't ideal bc it was a bit dungeon like and at one point there was a bit of a smell. Only real complaint is they have one of those half shower doors that leads to the bathroom floor being flooded all the time.	
Jul 7 2009 	Fantastic!	The Dukes hotel was amazing! We had a great time....would most definitely go back! The staff was friendly and helpful,the food was very good and the martinis in the stratosphere!	
Jun 17 2009 	A London hotel of Preference	We have stayed at The Dukes often and have never have been disappointed. In fact, the experience continues to be at a consistent consummate level. The staff is efficient and friendly, the rooms impeccable, the drawing room with attached Zen garden a treasure and the location is the best , hidden and yet close to all. The Dukes Bar is an amazing experience, hosted by a master of his craft and known wide for the very best dry martini!	
Jun 1 2009 	Why bother staying anywhere else?	I have stayed there three times now. Never disappointed. If you need to be in central London, this is the place. You could not ask for a friendlier, more professional Front Office, welcoming bar and the best martinis, of course. The rooms are classy, the service impeccable .... I only wish their wireless was less expensive	
May 19 2009 	The Perfect location for a London city break	We found Dukes the perfect base to access the beauty of Londons parks as well as itsmost chic shops.The Hotel is characterised by style ,sophistication and charm andthis supplemented by thoughful and engaging staff will ensure our regular return. First class!	
May 14 2009 	Home away from home	Dukes Hotel is amazing in that it's blocks from Picadilly circus, blocks from the National Gallery and Trafalgar Square, blocks from Buckingham Palace, yet nestled in a small side street where you are oblivious to the hustle, bustle and noise of central London. The staff immediately makes you feel at home, and the Concierge is imaginative, aware of what's new in the way of restaurants and plays, and flexible if your plans change. The rooms are fair sized and immaculate. Prices are extremely fair for the quality of the hotel and its location. The comfortable and cozy bar is world famous, frequented by a lot of locals (always a good sign). I find it amusing that the postcard in the room, instead of depicting a picture of the hotel, features a close-up of the hotel's signature cocktail, a vodka martini with a lemon twist. The drink is made table side, and the courteous staff will be happy to explain all the special ingredients that go into it. There are at least a dozen very good restaurants within walking distance of Dukes (much better than the one in the hotel itself). What more can I say? I've just returned from there, and am eager to go back already.E.S. from L.A.	
May 12 2009 	The Warmest Welcome in Central London	Don't tell everyone - just your special friends! This exclusive hotel tucked away in St Jame's is a great delight particularily to the busy tourist needing a period of relaxation. Hidden in the shadow of houses occupied by Chopin and other greats, with easy access to London's parks yet a few minutes from Fortnums .... and Buck House - and the Royal Academy ... we were made to feel like royalty, in a very British way... no hype and no gloomy faces at Dukes... a truly splendid, and surprising experience.	
May 10 2009 	Dukes Hotel is elegantly superb and an excellent value.	Dukes Hotel is one of the nicest small hotels in which I have stayed. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. My room was just perfect. While it was not terribly large, it was beautifully appointed, immaculately clean, and very comfortable. The location is superb in the heart of Mayfair, near St. James Palace and the Ritz. The Green Park Tube station is a short walk, and Covent Garden theatres are closeby. Great restaurants in the vicinity. The Dukes Bar is charming, and the restaurant served a lovely dinner. This hotel is a good value..............5 star location, service, rooms at a reasonable price by London standards. I HIGHLY recommend Dukes.	
May 4 2009 	Discount hotel for at a luxury price.	Unbelievably disappointed. Tiny rooms with unimpressive views. My television had five channels, all of which worked inconsistently. Internet is not included in room charge, as if guests do not already pay too much for what little they receive in exchange. Staff is friendly but indifferent to simple guests requests. This hotel is simply not worth the money. It is a subpar place to stay, dressed up classically. If one wants to experience the Duke Hotel, I would advise them to eat a meal in the Dining Hall, or sip tea in the Drawing Room. Anyone who chooses to spend their hard earned money on an overnight stay (or worse, multiple nights stay) will walk away disappointed.	
Apr 20 2009 	For me--Perfect.	I found the welcome given at this hotel to be among the most attentive, friendly, and personal that I've ever received. Better than some Four Seasons hotels (and that's not a knock to the Four Seasons, but a compliment to Dukes). The concierge snapped to with great seats to the theatre. Room service responded very quickly to any requests. The Dutch lady who brought up the food, upon hearing that I was planning a trip to Holland, even wrote and brought up a little itinerary of interesting things to do and places to visit in Holland. Perfectly well-appointed rooms, and whenever I needed a service performed, it was done quickly, professionally, and cheerfully. Oh, and the chocolates were incredible. A winner, as far as I was concerned.	
Mar 18 2009 	Seems to be slipping.	Stayed at Duke's last night. My wife arrived first and, while she checked some emails in reception, they offered to take her bag up to the room. When she got to the room there was no bag. She rang down, and they said it'll come right up. No bag. Rang again. No bag. Waited half and hour. No bag. Eventually she went and got it herself. She rang room service for some tea. No answer. She rang again. No answer. She rang reception who put her through. No answer. Reception said they'd get room service to call her...all this for a cup of tea which arrived 45 minutes after her first thinking &quot;a cup of tea would nice about now&quot;. The room was FREEZING in the night, we found one thin blanket and eventually slept under the bath robes. Apparently, in trying to turn the air con down I'd turned it off. My fault I guess, but then couldn't they have just made the controls simpler? I asked for a walk up call. It didn't happen. Now don't get me wrong, I like this place. But today I'm grumpy. On the upside, as a returning guest, I got upgraded to a slightly better room. The downsides are all too plain. Will I go again? Possibly, but I might just have a look around to see what else is available next time.	
Dec 27 2008 	Good hotel with some minor disappointments	Stayed here for Christmas Eve and Christmas Day and thought it was OK. The Dukes classic room was clean and size was decent. I was rather surprised the room didn't have a kettle, tea, shoe shine and finally an iron with board. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The hotel is off a small side street so you won't get much noise from traffic which is great....secluded hotel for sure. The bar was small but acceptable...unfortunately the Italian staff wouldn't stop talking to each other which became rather annoying after awhile, especially when I waited several times to get served. I wanted a nice peaceful drink.The room service was good also but thought the famous Dukes burger wasn't that great and looked like it was microwaved instead of grilled. The breakfast was good and arrived on the time that I selected. However, they didn't bring any sauces for the breakfast on both occasions which was rather disappointing. Overall, a good stay but they can improve on a few issues to make this a great stay!.	
Dec 5 2008 	Comfortable option in the heart of London	We stayed here for one night in December. The size of the room was much bigger than I expected--thought we might be getting a New York-style shoebox, but there was plenty of room for both of us. The bathroom was also a decent size and had a rainhead-style shower. The location is central/walkable to the primary tourist areas (parks, palace, Piccadilly) and close (6-8 min walk) to the Green Park tube. You are also close to several main streets with coffee/sandwich shops and a Boots pharmacy. Staff were helpful in getting cabs and asking whether they could help with dinner reservations (we declined). Yes, the decor and atmosphere is a little formal--you are in St. James, after all. And, I wish the front desk staff had a better command of English. But, for the book-ahead price we paid on Expedia and the quality of room we received, we couldn't have been more pleased.	
Nov 16 2008 	You can't miss on this one!	What a fabulous experience! I travel for business about 3 weeks out of 4 and couldn't say enough nice things about this boutique hotel. The room was small (the usual in central London for a standard room) but very comfortable. The staff was attentive both at the front desk, in the bar, and in the restaurant. By the end of my week's stay I was greeted by name by all.The location is ideal for business as well as holiday. Almost everything is within walking distance. The quiet location keeps it a nice place to stow away when you've had enough of the city noises.... and don't forget to take part in their Afternoon High Tea. The scones are the best I've ever had! It makes the experience memorable.	
Oct 31 2008 	Quiet great location but didn't take to the unusual atmosphere	We found the hotel to have a great location in central London and it was indeed very peaceful. However, it was expensive and the rooms are not 5 star, more like 4 star. By the time you include breakfast you are looking at over £250 - £300 per night and we felt that hotel did not deliver enough to match this price range.The atmosphere is not particularly welcoming - on one side you could say this was a club like atmosphere - discreet and a place where staff ask little questions - but we did not find it friendly and that could be a very English atmosphere whereby it is unobtrusive - but overall it came across like they couldn't be bothered. I do think Dukes needs to work a bit harder to create a better atmosphere of welcome and perhaps to provide a little more hospitality in terms of the high prices. With the great variety of hotels to chose from in Central London at this price range - we doubt if we would return - and that is precisely what is missing at Dukes - there is not quite enough to lure you back and that is a missed opportunity for them.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Clubby Feel	Dukes Hotel is one of the several hotels in London that I stay in depending on where business takes me. Besides the great location I love the ambiance here. I always feel like like I am a Duke coming into the City from his country estate and staying at his Club.The rooms are very well appointed and despite the 19th century feel, the rooms and the hotel have the very latest in gadgets and amenities.The Dining Room is quintessential English dining at it's best, venison &amp; boxty potato, where else can you find that?? I also love the Conservatory for breakfast or high tea in the afternoon. It is all so civilized.The location is good for business and great for shopping. Dukes is one great hotel.	
Aug 31 2008 	One of my all-time global favorites	I had stayed at Dukes some years ago on previous business trips to London but more recently had to eschew the hotel as the rate, converted into dollars, was way beyond what my companies would pay. But when I realized I could grab a special rate from the hotel's web site for my most recent visit, I didn't think twice about booking. I had recalled Dukes as a stellar, efficient and no nonsense old-style hotel. It still is, but without being pretentious. The rooms are comfortable, clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom is a combination of the 19th and late 20th century. Only complaint I had was a dripping water outlet in the tub. Another quibble is the digital television system, obviously being run through some sort of computer server. It takes time to boot and seems to freeze frequently on start-up. Internet access is offered at two speeds and the full-on broadband package is among the most expensive rates I've seen for any hotel anywhere. Much to my surprise the hotel seemed filled with fellow Americans, who I thought would have looked for other accommodations to stretch their dollar. Dukes is worth a visit just for its legendary bar. The sky's the limit on what you could end up paying for a shot here as bottles in the locked glass cabinet date back to 1800. There's an impressive selection of 19th century champagne and armagnac, as well as some -- by comparison -- reasonably priced 20th century single malt whiskeys. The creator of James Bond (007), Ian Fleming, was a regular here. So perhaps this is the place which inspired &quot;shaken, not stirred.&quot; Dukes will certainly shake your budget if you decide to sleep, dine and wine there, but it will also certainly stir the soul of even the most jaded world traveller.	
Aug 27 2008 	Really nice hotel but pricey	We went with this hotel after reading a review in a national newspaper. We were looking for a bit of pampering for a week-end visit to London, and this looked the spot.The hotel is in a great location; nice quiet cul-de-sac near The Woolsey, a hop-and-a skip from the Tube, and close to Regents Street, Oxford Street, and all the other amenities London has to offer.We got a warm welcome at reception, and a guide to bring us to the room. The room was very comfortable, beautifully furnished, with the best-equipped bathroom of any hotel I've ever stayed in in the London.The hotel bar is famous for it's Martinis, and at almost 20 quid a glass they'd want to be! But you get the full white-jacketed waiter treatment, iced-glass, and enough alcohol to blow the trunk off an elephant! Fab!The only thing I would warn prospective travellers about is the size of the hotel, and the price of breakfast for what you get. This is a small hotel; the rooms are small, the public areas are small, the bar is small. You're not staying in a 10,000-room Vegas-style vertical city here. Also, I was more than miffed to be charged over 20 stg for scrambled eggs on toast for breakfast. Because I don't eat meat I didn't have the included breakfast, and believe me, all other items on the menu are equally expensive. If the hotel had other leisure facilities, I didn't see them.So - great location, great staff, extremely comfortable and enjoyable stay, but BRING MONEY! Lots!	
Aug 25 2008	Very Classic British	This hotel is great., in the St James area of London. Our two bedroom suite was gorgeous. Much better than likes of the Ritz, Savoy or Dorchester. The only other hotels that come close to this are the Lanesborough, Claridge's and the Connaught. The restaurant is ok, kind of cold but the drawing room is great for tea. The staff are top knotch though!	
Aug 14 2008 	Boutique Luxury Nice	A charming hotel in an amazing location. An ideal location for a London Break. A short walk to Buckingham Palace through Green Park and Regents &amp; Bonds Street at the top of the hill. Stayed with the family and whilst the menu was not exactly child friendly (we have a 6 year old daughter) there were enough options and the concierge was excellent in identifying alternatives in the general vicinity. Whole heartily recommended.	
May 30 2008 	Fabulous location - indifferent service	I booked a weekend in London at Dukes to celebrate my mum's 60th birthday with no expense spared. Upon arriving at the hotel was pleasantly surprised at the quietness of the surroundings as the location of the hotel is fantastic. Check in was fast, the staff were polite but seemed more aloof than friendly. The room was quite small but very comfortable and the bathroom was lovely. Breakfast was delicious with plenty of choice - after eating all this did not need any further food until probably mid-afternoon!! Did not use the restaurant in the evening however after looking at the menu it did seem reasonably priced. Restaurant staff were also quite cool towards guests.The biggest advantage of this hotel is location, location, location. Situated just round the corner from the Ritz it is also on the doorstep of St James Palace and Pall Mall/Buckingham Palace a short 5 minute walk. It is serviced by Green Park tube station but you can walk to many attractions just as easy.The negative of this hotel is the cost - although I have emailed the Reservation department on the back of a new brochure and special offer leaflet sent to me to enquire on a price to return but unfortunately have not had the courtesy of a response so have booked somewhere else!In summary, pleasant hotel - lovely breakfast - great location but pricey.	
May 27 2008 	Charming small hotel very central location	Found this hotel online at lastminute.com. St James's place is a quiet oasis just behind the Ritz hotel. Hotel was not full over the bank holiday weekend and we were upgraded to a beautiful suite on the second floor. The lounge area with zen garden is a great place for afternoon tea and the martinis in the bar are righfully famous! One is enough which is just as well given the prices. Staff could not have been more helpful - special mention for Stella at reception. Beds and bedding top quality and nicely appointed bathroom with great bath products. Be aware that trash is collected every day except Sunday at 7.00 ish and is very noisy. Quietest rooms would be overlooking the zen garden which are the &quot;08&quot; and &quot;11&quot; rooms.	
May 19 2008 	Nice hotel but noisy inefficient air con...	We stayed for 2 nights (Thursday &amp; Friday) and chose Dukes for its location and the fact that Laterooms offered a good deal on the room rates. Check-in was speedy, efficient and friendly and the room was clean and comfortable but had the noisiest and most inefficient air conditioning I've ever come accross in a hotel. However, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom had a really good shower.Other than some sandwiches via roomservice we did not dine at the hotel for any meal. We did not try breakfast either. I therefore cannot comment on the overall dining but the room service food was very nice. We checked out early on the Saturday morning and I'm glad I looked carefully at our bill as there were charges for services totally £65 that we had not used (films, mini bar etc). When I challenged these they were immediately removed but another couple checking out at the same time were experiencing a similar problem so it has left me wondering how often these &quot;errors&quot; may occur at this hotel.Overall I'd probably stay here again but it wouldn't be my first choice.	
May 15 2008 	Dukes is a wonderful hotel!	My four sisters, my Mom and I stayed at Dukes for 2 nights at the beginning of May. We had 3 wonderful rooms. The only thing I would suggest is to put some electrical outlets in the bathrooms. We had to do the blow dry curling iron thing in the bedroom part.The service was excellent! Before arrival they arranged airport pick up for us, two dinner reservations, and breakfast reservations at the hotel. They also got us tickets for the Tower of London, the Big Bus, and St. Paul's. All the staff were very friendly and alway smiling. We like that.We ended up not having time for breakfast the second morning but our breakfast the first morning was really, really good. I had the eggs benedict!I would definitely stay here again and I would definitely recommend it.	
Apr 16 2008 	Off Target	The Dukes is slipping. Room was fine for a single except they'd put a child's chair in the corner perhaps to remind me that I hadn't asked for a full size room. The concierge was nice enough to check to see if seats were available for a play I wanted to see, he said that they were sold out but that I might have a chance if I wanted to turn up at the theatre in person. I did just that and discovered that the show had closed several days before! Then there was the one ring phone call at midnight and the sound of people running up and down the hall outside my room shortly after that. Not really a 5 star experience, well not really 5 star except for the price.	
Feb 27 2008 	Gem of a Hotel!	I stayed at this hotel with my mum during a weekend trip to London. The staff, from the reception staff to the porters were all so polite, welcoming and accomodating. The location was very central and convenient. The breakfast was delicious and so tasty. There is a lovely little bar for a nightcap. The rooms are small but well appointed. There are really lovely products in the bathroom and lovely touches like luxury chocolates in the room. I would recommend this hotel and definitely stay there again. It's pricey but it is worth it.	
Feb 21 2008 	Charming Hotel	We stayed at Dukes Hotel in London for one night in February. It is a charming, comfortable and relaxing hotel right in the centre of London. Located just close to Pall Mall and St. James Street it is excellently located. What is remarkable is the silence and quieteness. Although you are right in the middle of London, the Hotel is so quiet and devoid of city noise that you feel you are on an out of town break, yet with all the convenience of a city centre location.The bedroom was well sized and comfortable, with the mini bar prices reasonable. The bathroom was sumptuous. While we did not have dinner in the restaurant, the breakfast was excellent. The staff were friendly and obliging. Definitely a good choice for a London base - pricey, but with that little extra which makes the hotel exceptional.	
Oct 24 2007 	Nice little place	Stayed here with my wife while she was in town on business. Very nice little hotel. The room was small but well appointed. Nice little bar to have a nightcap in. Very convenient to city attractions and restaurants.	
Oct 3 2007 	Overrated	I stayed at the Dukes Hotel in late September 2007 on a business trip. The location of the hotel is good, right in the center of things in London. However, this hotel is significantly overrated, especially for the price. Avoid the 4th ( top) floor of the hotel as the air conditioning is poor on that floor. The Bar is very small and cramped. Overall, the Dukes is overrated and over priced.	
Sep 19 2007	superb!	fantastic hotel. what can i say? everything was great from the staff, who cant do enough for you, to the standard of the rooms and excellent location. its only 10 mins walk to picadilly circus, and just round the corner to st james park and buckingham palace, plus theres green park tube station nearby. the level of service was fantastic, and the reception staff were incredibly helpful, offering to arrange taxis, airport transport, etc. the hotel itself is in a smalll courtyard area which is lovely and quiet, which we especially appreciated since our room faced out the front. the room was very comfortable, and we particularly liked the complimentary box of chocolates - very nice!! we were also given a free afternoon tea voucher which sadly we didn't have time to use but will certainly do so when we come back	
Sep 18 2007 	Charming small hotel	Having had an awful experience at the Millennium Mayfair Hotel my son and I left and checked into Dukes Hotel at 8:00 a.m. The staff was friendly and extremely accommodating. Our room a junior suite was lovely with a flat screen tv and mini bar . The conceirge booked us tickets to several tourists spots: The Tower of London, Madame Tussauds, Kensington Palace and The Eye. This saved so much time and allowed us to skip the long ticket lines. He was also extremely helpful with restaurant reservations, directions and arranging taxis.The location is wonderful right off St James Street just up from St James Palace. It is an easy walk to Green Park tube Station, Piccadilly and Regent Streets.I will definitly stay there again and highly recommend it to anyone looking for a quiet, charming and truly British hotel.	
Sep 1 2007 	Quaint Boutique Hotel	I had to stay at the Dukes for work (one night in London). It was an adorable hotel with every room decorated differently. They leave delicious chocolates in the room. I was not able to try out the restaurant or bar but in my spare time, I wandered the area. The hotel is very centrally located to St. James Park, Picadilly Circus, Hyde Park, and Buckingham Palace. I walked all the way to Harrod's which was a &quot;hike&quot; but I enjoy seeing the different neighborhoods along the way. There is easy access to the tube to go to Canary Wharf (where my business is located). I highly recommend this quaint, boutique hotel.	
Aug 12 2007 	Dukes is the place for me!!	From the moment of my arrival, I was greeted with the warmth, politeness and friendliness you would expect from a top London hotel, and this was in evidence throughout my stay - from the people on the desk and front of house, to the boy who collects the linen. A beautiful hotel, impeccably clean and presentable and with a staff who cannot do enough for the guests - anything I wanted I was given, immediately and without question - even an extended check out. The recent refurbishment has really enhanced the quality of the hotel - the rooms are bright and airy, the dining room is colourful and easy on the eye at any time of day and there is a quiet retreat at the back of the hotel with a drawing room and a Zen garden where I hid away from the hassles of the day with the paper and a tea tray. The modern technology is there, but discreet. There were other guests in the hotel, but I really felt I had the place to myself - no queues, no waiting, no problems. Quietly snuggled away in a small corner of St James, it is the discerning traveller's 'Hidden Gem' in London. Highly recommended!	
Jul 24 2007	Truely Truely Scrumptious	I stayed at the Dukes very recently and loved every second of my stay. The staff were very friendly. I tried one of their Famous Martinis (with passion fruit) and it was very tasty. It was my second time staying overnight in London and I am so glad my partner chose this hotel, For me it was perfect.	
Jul 8 2007 	Excellent Location	Stayed at Dukes Hotel 2 nights. Quite an exclusive ambience with steep bar prices to match. However room very comfortable and bed very firm, although a little short and staff very friendly and helpful. The real bonus is the location as this really is central London and within a 10 minute walk we could reach Mayfair, China Town, the Mall and Trafalgar Square.	
Apr 24 2007	Unprofessional	We've not even booked our stay at this pretentious hotel because when we phoned up to speak with the reservation department I was told that &quot;she&quot; was in a meeting. For such a glamorous hotel they should probably re-think their customer service policy. Hence we booked somewhere else which had a &quot;staff&quot; of reservation representatives.	
Apr 23 2007 	Central but compact.	Dont imagine St James Place is spacious.The road acess is tight,the stair compact,the service lift (the only one during decorating work)is small.Our double room was small.Large sash window,but no lifts and not balanced so could not open it.Some air con noise,as usual.Only one easy chair as usual.Good small granite tiled bathroom.Recently decorated in so boring neutral colour.Well curtained.Bed firm with good sheeting.Lots of old hotel furniture has been recovered,when it should have been replaced,dining room chairs included.Staff are good you will quickly feel you are known.The cocktail bar and its Italian staff is greatly over rated.It will be better when smoking is banned this summer.The drawing room was closed for painting,bland no doubt,the decorative plan is poor.The breakfasts are excellent,with many choices to make,all served.The best fresh orange juice.Could cost more than 20 pounds each before service charge which will be added to your bill.It is a fairly quiet hotel,but low on style at this time.	
Jan 17 2007 	Great locaction and tradition to match	We stayed here during the hottest part of the Summer of 06...despite those conditions, our room was comfortable without any excessive air conditioning noise. The location is exceptional for those who want to see and walk (or tube) to everything. The staff was very helpful and the bar was wonderful (it was the reason we booked The Dukes...it was Herb Caen's favorite bar in all of London...pricey but fun...a very interesting group of guests hanging out in the small but cozy sitting rooms...and cigars are not only permitted, they are sold on the premises! They do have a dress code, which I managed to violate our second day there. We waltzed into the bar after having walked all over the city in 90+ degree heat (fahrenheit you ninny)...I was in shorts (silk knee length but dressy, if you can say dressy shorts)...the head waiter discreetly told us to go upstairs to change....it may seem picky, but I think they will have to review their policy in light of the coming global warming. All in all, the Dukes was an experience that I had looked forward to for years, and I'm glad we stayed there...I don't know anything about the new owners..but there is definitely work to be done in the hotel...we had trouble with lights...I think it was related to fuses...and the elevator did not work the entire time we were there...but thank God, the freight lift worked...it just took longer. We only had one breakfast in the hotel, and as I recall the selection was more than adequate...the prices high (as expected) and the quality good.	
Jan 13 2007	Loved the hotel	Had a wonderful stay at the Dukes between Christmas and New Year. The Hotel was fantastic with great staff. My only small complaint was the price of drinks in the bar. It put you off having a glass of wine or two before going out to catch a show in the evening. If the prices had been less excessive we may have used it more than we did. Apart from that I would say to anyone going to London to use this hotel, it's location is fantastic right in the centre of everything London has to offer, but because it is in a small side street you do not get any of the London noise. A good old fashioned English hotel.	
Nov 13 2006 	Excellent Choice in Central London	Arrived after rather trying flight on Air Canada. Having worked anfd lived in London I had often walked past Duke's Hotel. It is located on an extremly quite cul du sac off a side street in St James's. I had booked a deluxe double and on arrival requested an upgrade (L20) to a Junior Suite. Even witht he early arrival from canada they showed me straightto a beautiful room on the 3rd floor. English floral fabrics a small seperate sitting area with sofa and a over stuffed chair. Very nicely appointed bathroom all in white marble. My only room cmplaint was the presence of 2 TV's which I feel take up too much room. On my next visit I will ask for their removal.Had a couple of drinks in their bar. EXCELLENT Martini's. the bar staff extremly accomodating. Small bar, club like very well run. One night room service Club Sandwhich. Without a doubt the best I have ever had, either in Europe or the USA/Canada !Breakfast one day was excellent. Great choice. Very pretty room. All in all an excellent choice. Right in the middle of London steps away from all it has to offer.	
Nov 12 2006 	Just the best ever	This is a little heaven on earth. Wickedly expensive but everything yould would want from a hotel.	
Sep 18 2006 	Cute hotel	This is a cute hotel: small, in a quiet tiny cul-de-sac which itself is off a small side street, well presented on the outside and welcoming staff. Check in was swift and efficient. The lobby is traditional in style. Walking to the room, one immediately hears lots of squeeky floorboards - and the rooms are full of them too - it's definitely an old hotel underneath!The first room we had was small but well proportioned, especially given its central london location. Flat screen TV, comfy bed and pillows, soft luxurious furnishings. The rain shower was a good feature. The Molton Brown toiletries were lovely to use and there were so many little useful things in the bathroom. However, the air conditioning drove us both mad during our stay - it sounded just like an old rattly fridge compressor. It was powerful and the room was lovely and cool during the hot weather but I have never stayed in a five star hotel with such a rattly A/C! This unfortunately spoiled my first night's sleep (picture lying awake at 4am listening to the rattle! but so tired...!!) and the reception staff were very apologetic and transferred us to another room in the basement. This was not as modern as the one on the ground floor - old style TV, no minibar - but otherwise much the same and in fact it was quieter down there. Unfortunately, this one's air conditioning also rattled a little but MUCH less than the first, so we just ignored it and to be fair, I slept well the second night, although I was rather exhausted from a long day sightseeing and shopping. I would actually have expected more &quot;redress&quot; or compensation after a distressing experience like a bad night's sleep - this is a 5* place after all. A couple of years ago I remember having a bad mattress in One Aldwych and it spoiled my night's sleep and the next day they moved us to a lovely suite and moved all our things to the new room themselves without us packing a thing! Outstanding service.The dining room is also cute and well presented, and there is a gym/health club for residents' use.Car parking was expensive at £54 per 24 hours but is valet parking. I believe. About 5 mins by taxi we found an offer for £10 per day on the weekend: Masterpark by the Houses of Parliament. Useful if you're there all weekend.Overall, excellent location and service, nice comfy rooms but they really must service their air conditioners. Also, if there is a fault with the room that really upsets a customer (not just a minor niggle), staff should be encouraged to offer something by way of apology: nicer room, maybe a breakfast or even just a bottle of house wine - at least something!	
Sep 11 2006 	Charming	The Dukes feels like a traditional house in the country in the middle of St James. My room was a good size and well decorated (small bathroom). Nice attention to detail throughout the hotel. Service about as good as you can get in London these days. Breakfast is served in an elegant room, and all items are chosen with care, although the choice is a little limited.The hotel has just come under a different management company. They should be careful not to &quot;standardise&quot; the delicate balance of a place like the Dukes, but here are some suggested improvements that would better justify the room rates: welcome drink and fruit or pastries, better and larger toiletries, flat screen TV + CD player, more TV and radio channels, better turndown service, more items supplied in the rooms (slippers, shoe horn, etc.), more choice for breakfast. Overall, a very charming experiences in the best part of London.	
Jul 23 2006 	As Good As It Gets In London	Stayed 2 nights during the recent heatwave and will return - it's one of the best. Without going into the details of the stay and to illustrate the hotel's overall quality, the breakfast in room menu is the most versatile I have used and it arrived each morning exactly as specified.The only snag is that the free newspaper selection seems to be limited as the hotel couldn't supply our choice on either morning despite taking the order. Cocktails in the bar were yet again far better than some other 'more Ritzy' establishments nearby! The best Bellinis in London without a doubt (we did a sampling of some other places!).	
Jul 4 2006	Home from home	We have just returned from a visit to London and as we had booked a table at Benares restaurant we particularly wanted an hotel in the Mayfair area, as it was we had chosen the warmest weekend of the year and are therefore so pleased that we had booked a night at Dukes Hotel. The hotel is a real home from home, beautifully furnished, extremely clean and with totally efficient air conditioning in our room. The hotel is tucked away in a cool quiet and leafy courtyard, the staff from reception to room service were wonderful and a special thankyou must go to Jana who dealt with my very last minute booking with patience. We had a wonderful nights sleep, delicious tea and biscuits delivered to our room in the morning and luggage and taxis sorted on our behalf. Thank you everyone we will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends	
Jun 18 2006	Dukes Hotel - the perfect place to be!	This was our second stay at Dukes Hotel. For the first time our son accompanied us for a short weekend break to London. Having experienced Dukes Hotel once before, there was no question where we would stay this time – of course, Dukes Hotel!!!We had the feeling we returned home, such a warm welcome awaited us. This feeling continued throughout our complete visit and gave us the impression we where someone special. Although our last stay lies a while back, we were greeted by our names - this is something you do not expect nowadays in our hectic world. At Dukes Hotel one does forget the hustle and bustle of daily pressure and due to the employees the hotel proves to be an astonishing place to be. If possible, this hotel should receive an “Oscar” for excellence in service, ambience and perfection. Karen Marchant, General Manager, can truly be proud of this fabulous boutique hotel and its forthcoming team. Once again, thank you for a wonderful stay.	
May 18 2006 	One of London's Secrets!	We stay at Dukes regularly, usually for one to three nights at a time. Several of the front office staff have got to know us and even after several months away they recognize us by name. This does not happen in most London hotels! The location is close to my company's HQ but this is not the only reason we choose Dukes. We have found other hotels to lack the personal service.As noted above, we find the front office staff to be most friendly and have to wonder about some of the negative comments in this regard. We have found them to be remarkably patient when dealing with some very tiresome guests!The reception area smells wonderful as there is always a scented votive burning - this gives a unique sensory welcome to the hotel. Decoration is superb and is a good mix of traditional (furniture) and modern (floral decorations).The bar is justifiably famous but very expensive. The staff are from Italy and very friendly. We have never had a problem getting a table there even though it always looks full!Believe it or not, we have never eaten a meal in the hotel. I don't think the restaurant is one of the hotel's strong points and the fact that the staff are eager to make restaurant bookings elsewhere kind of supports that opinion! There are so many good choices for breakfast as well as lunch and dinner that there is no real need to order anything more than an early morning tray of tea and/or coffee (beautifully presented). The staff don't seem to mind you bringing in coffee and pastries from Starbucks or Pret a Manger (both close by).The rooms are variable in size and some are quite small. They are constantly being upgraded and flat panel TVs are a new addition. The beds are as you might expect - very comfortable mattress with fine linen and pillows to match. Most rooms are very quiet but we have experienced the early morning trash collection cacophony a few times!We have cell phones so do not use the hotel phone to call out. Internet usage (wire and wireless) is available but also very expensive.The bathrooms are always beautifully clean and well kitted out. The in-bath showers are very powerfull and vertical so it is difficult to take a shower without getting one's hair wet. Also, the slope of the bath makes it quite difficult to stand under the shower head. As others have mentioned, getting in and out of the bath tub is not always easy for older people.To summarize, a great London boutique hotel, Dukes is expensive but worth it!	
Apr 23 2006	Exceptionally Perfect!!	I worked around the corner and never went inside the hotel until recently and I was amazed that such jewel existed. We stayed in the hotel at the end of March as one of my closest friends was celebrating her wedding there. All I can say is that the hotel and especially staff were first class in every sense of the word. The room we stayed in was so luxurious, although a tad small. The bed very comfy and felt like heaven, and the bathroom was like paradise with all the Molton Brown goodies and the fluffy bathropes. I got to the hotel and the bride had cancelled our reservation by mistake, but the hotel did not make a fuss and gave us a beautiful decorated room; on top of that I got my hair done in a nearby hairdressers and it was a total disaster; I was very distressed when I got there (as the maid of honour I refused to look like a wedding cake gone wrong on the pictures) the front desk staff were incredibly sympathetic, and started looking for a hairdresser that could see me straight away. It took about 25 minutes and kept ringing salon after salon, until John Frieda said yes; then they organised a taxi straight away to bring me and collect me. My mobile run out of batteries while the hair search was going on and sensing my distress, told me to go up to my room while they were sorting the hair situation and gave me a mobile charger so I could re-charge the battery. Also they heard me saying that I had no breakfast so they offered to send up to the room an assortment of pastries and juices while I got myself together. The rest of the guess were not staying there, but still they provided a room for parents with toddler and babies so they could be breastfed and changed in peace and quiet in a nice setting instead of in the bathroom. Everyone from waiters to managers were very friendly, intuitive to all our needs, accommodating and made the wedding and our stay truly special. I was incredibly grateful to the front desk staff so I got a present for the girls at reception (just a box of chocolates for being so helpful )and they were embarrassed to receive a present and said that it was part of the service!!. I cannot recommend enough this hotel and I was very surprised to hear that someone else got bad services as it could not be further from the service that we got for the entire stay in the hotel which was truly exceptional!!! I If you stay in this hotel, will not regret it, you will feel like royalty the way staff will be attending to your needs and the beauty that is the hotel with the old english world charm. Don't forget to try the martini coctails, they are famous in London for a reason....the best you will ever have!	
Apr 8 2006	A Jewel of a Hotel	My family just returned from a 3-night stay at Dukes Hotel, and the experience was a delight. The hotel is located on a charming side street in St. James's. The rooms were beautifully decorated, with fantastic bed and bath linens. The staff was incredibly helpful. While we did not eat at the hotel, we did enjoy the famous martini's in the bar!	
Mar 20 2006	Disappointing	Darling Boutique Hotel, excellent with reservations at restaurants and wonderful tickets to plays. That said, we were not impressed with the service....it took an act of congress... to get ice brought to your room. Be very careful about using their phones, it was very pricey to make calls even though we had our own prepaid L.D. card. Unfortunately, I spent five nights in this hotel (our room was located over the trash dumpster) and every morning was awakened by the sounds of breaking glass (empty vodka bottles?) being dumped into a garbage truck. We should have asked for another room, but did not feel the people at the front desk were very approachable. Bottom line....small rooms, comfey beds, nice bathrooms, bad room service, good maid service, haughty front desk employees.	
Jan 23 2006	A perfect weekend getaway	My husband and I stayed at the Dukes Hotel in early December for a quick weekend trip to London from New York for a wedding. We were thrilled with our choice. This hotel is small, charming, and delightfully British. We enjoyed a lovely tea in the parlour one afternoon -- try the crumpets! The rooms are small, though very nice, with comfortable beds. I would skip the continental breakfast. It's unbelievably overpriced. The location is fantastic! Try the restaurant L'Oranger a quick 5 minutes' walk from the hotel. It's excellent.	
Dec 23 2005	Quiet Very Clean Very Lovely Excellent Service Good Location	This hotel is expensive for the typical tourist, but if you absolutely require quiet and cleanliness, as well as atmospheric elegance, then this is worth the price. The hotel is in an incredibly quiet side street. There was virtually no street noise. There was also very little to no in-hotel noise; I only rarely heard a dull sound of someone's door opening or closing, and even though I was near the elevator, I never heard anyone using it. I was also never awakened by people talking or hallway noise. The rooms are tiny, but I found it plenty big enough for me (I was one person in a room; my travelling companion stayed in another room in another part of the hotel and loved her room also). The decor was very lovely. The room and bathroom were absolutely clean. I had not one complaint in this area. My bathroom was very tiny (smaller than my travelling companion's bathroom - the rooms and bathrooms are all different), but the size did not bother me. The tub was high off the ground, however, and a small step was built into an outside corner of the tub to step up into it, along with a rail to grab onto. I'm fairly young and physically fit, but I don't think an elderly or much less physically fit person would be entirely safe or comfortable maneuvering it. I would expect that anyone complaining would be moved to another room if available, but if you require ease of access to the tub, I would mention it when reserving, as I'm not sure how many rooms (if any others) have this particular set up. The other person I travelled with said that her bathtub had a lovely but ineffective glass half-tub length shower door that did not keep the entire bathroom from being doused with water when she used the shower. Luckily, the shower could be hand held so that she could sit in the tub to rinse without spraying down the entire room. These two small problems with our bathrooms were not show-stoppers, but probably should be addressed. The furniture is very nice - not junky hotel furniture, but the type of furniture you'd expect in the guest room of a friend with a lovely home. The linens are beautiful, and spotless - no qualms touching the bedspread, which in lesser hotels sometimes looks as though it hasn't been laundered between guests. There's none of that nonsense here. The bed and pillows are very comfortable. The service is first rate - every time you leave your room, it is tidied. I know there are some posts on here about robberies, and I was concerned about that also, but each room has a small safe and I felt completely secure leaving my valuables in it when I left the room. The staff at the desk were fabulous - every piece of information I asked for was supplied in a genuinely courteous and personable fashion, and they were always right. I thought it was funny that people were complaining about the cost of the breakfast until I experienced it myself. It is oddly frustrating to order a tiny meal (scrambled egg and toast) and be charged more than what a dinner in the same room had cost. I ordered what I thought was a fairly reasonably priced few items from the a la carte menu, but didn't understand that when I was offered to help myself to the buffet as well, that the waitress did not understand that I had ordered ala carte (which doesn't include the buffet or pastries). Therefore, the next morning I mentioned to the waitress that I hoped my and my travelling companion's breakfast wouldn't total 50 dollars again (!) and she explained about the ala cart pricing. So you have to indicate that that is how you are ordering. It's still pricey, but not heart stoppingly so. If you order toast, and instead they bring you a bunch of pastries with your toast, send the pastries back - that lovely basket of stuff you won't eat will cost a little fortune. For a lovely treat, have afternoon or evening tea in the drawing room. It's a beautiful addition to the hotel and the tea and cakes are delicious. We didn't drink in the bar - we were expecting some fabulous atmospheric bar, but to be honest, it was a fairly small, typical looking bar that you might find in a lot of places, and it was smokey as well. We had no desire to spend time in it, so can't attest to the fabulousness of the martinis. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again. The entire stay was wonderful.	
Dec 8 2005 	Dreadful bar staff	The hotel itself is quite charming and in a great location but the two Italian bartenders were unforgivably rude.Not realising that some of my guests and I were Italian speakers they proceeded to make rude and sarcastic remarks behind our backs. When they realised that we could understand them they switched from the insults to sneering condescension instead. Utterly unacceptable. Whatever merit the hotel displayed in its accomodation is utterly swept aside by this behaviour.If that is the best they can do then this hotel deserves to close. Avoid.	
Nov 13 2005	Dukes Hotel Bath	Unpretencious elegance in a grade 1 listed building close to all that the georgian city of bath has to offer. The reception staff were helpful and most welcoming. Our suite was sumptuous and every comfort catered for. Do dine there, the food, service, and presentation deserves more recognition. I have dined all over the world,in 3 star michelin restaurants, but this chef and his team are right there with the best...and i mean quality. Go see and meet mike at the front of house who seems to know everything about everything from ionic, doric &amp; corinthian architecture to the very meaning of life. He kept, thanks to an extremely dry wit, all comers highly and most genuinely entertained. We will be back again and again, with all our grateful thanks to you and your staff this place is a gem among gems.	
Nov 1 2005	First Class	I spent the first night of my honeymoon here. A very special place. On arrival the hotel has the wow! factor. The staff are very helpful and are very eager to please. they are also very polite. Room service was perfect on every occasion the breakfast was devine.If you stay here you MUST have the martinis. They are renowned for them and having tasted them I can see why. just superb.Check in, then sit back and relax	
Oct 4 2005 	A Gem in St. James	Dukes is a real find (thank you to trip advisor reviewers). I generally stay at larger lux hotels for business near Hyde Park. Dukes is so much more charming, intimate, and English. When I asked for a different room (wanted more light). I was quickly relocated to a bright, spacious room that more than suited my needs. Room service was very quick, tasty and cheap (relatively speaking). The Bar at Dukes is famous for its stiff drinks. (Eat something first). The gym was small but great because there was nobody there. The location is great (far more central than Knightsbridge and Mayfair). I recommended the to hotel to a friend who travels frequently and they agreed that Dukes was a find; so refreshing vs. the large-scale pricy packaged luxury common in London. Dukes is for Anglophiles!	
Jul 20 2005	Location Location Location		
Jun 10 2005	A wonderful time in a special place		
Jun 8 2005	a delightful experience		
May 5 2005 	The Dukes of London		
Apr 30 2005	fabulous service at The Dukes		
Nov 11 2004	Robbed		
Nov 5 2004	Instantly Became a Favourite		
Jul 6 2004	cozy and quiet		
Nov 24 2003	Made the Experience to London		
Nov 16 2003	Very enjoyable stay		
Aug 20 2008 	peu mieux faire		
