Nov 10 2009 	GET REAL	we stopped at this hotel for the reason most other people do; THE PRICE !!!hotel IS dated and very tired decor wise,accomodation was more than adequate,everything worked as it should.heating was great,towels changed daily,as a family of 5 this cost us £64 per night,cheaper than a travel lodge!!,in the heart of london,2 mins from tube,would i stay again? DEFINITELY, if you want luxury stay at the hilton or ritz and pay their extortionate rates,if you want somewhere cheap to get your head down at the end of a hard day? then this is your placeexcellent helpful staff,come on folks GET REAL you aint getting anywhere cheaper or better value for money	
Nov 4 2009 	Basic Hotel Good value for central london	After reading all previous review, we were a bit sceptical of our visit. Granted..The hotel is shabby in parts but at the end of the day you get what you pay for. Me and a friend stayed here on the 31st October and paid £58 for the room, including breakfast.The Hotel is a 2 minute walk away from Queensway Tube station, therefore easy access to wherever you wish to go (as long as all tube lines are running)The room was basic, there was hot water and clean towels. Good running shower and beds were fine (could have done with bigger pillow as ours were flat). The channels on our tele worked with a bit of arial adjustment. There was no smell of curries etc as read in previous reviews. Overall, It was a great weekend.. Hotel was fine and we were pleased with our booking.Long live the King(s) Hotel.	
Nov 3 2009 	AVOID AVOID AVOID	For those without time to read the detail, here is my key point: AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS.I needed one night in London and booked a room for 3 without reading the reviews. Big mistake.What was good about it? Location close to tube. Clean sheets. Simple but reasonable breakfast (cornflakes, tea, coffee bread and jams). One towel and 2 bars of soap per person. Fan. Hair dryer. Water hot. Looks OK from the outside.What was bad in no particular order: Room extremely shabby, with flap of paper hanging off ceiling over one bed. Curtains thick with dust. No plug for sink and bad smell. When emptying the sink, a smelly mess gurgled up from the bath plug hole. No water glasses. No control of room temperature. Sash window heavy to push open and crashed shut like gillotine when released. Lights over bed did not work. TV unusable - 3 channels with severe interference. Beds decrepit, 2 of the 3 were so hard they appear to have no springs. All bed base units heavily worn and dirty. Under and behind beds it was extremely dirty. Outside the room there was narrow passages and no lift (luckily I had no heavy cases), the stair carpet thread-bare in many places. From breakfast room kitchen walls were clearly far from clean. This hotel wasn’t cheap, I paid £96 for one night.Overall, this hotel makes me ashamed to be British. God knows what impression of the UK this place leaves on poor innocent overseas tourists who stay there. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE - or stay there and risk catching it :-)	
Oct 12 2009 	discusting it needs to be closed down now!	i stayed with two friends in this so called hotel, i had not read reviews before i went, big mistake! the staff were ignorant not a bit friendly or helpful. there was a terrible smell throughout the hotel it was sickening, the shower was filthy and the water controls fell off the wall, the drains were blocked, the pillows were filthy, the doors were not secure, when we complained they didnt offer to move us to another room not that it would of made much difference, all they did was offer to clean the shower for us which was still filthy. my friend informed them we took photos and wer putting them on the internet.	
Sep 24 2009 	minging scuffy needs hotel inspector in there	looking for somewere to stay we booked here because it looked nice as you walked in, what a nice surprise we got think we had smallest room in hotel the net curtain was black as anything there was a shaver in the shower and worst of all there was hair on the pillows,i went to cmplain, we were moved to another stinking room the window was hanging out the shower was broken there was bare wires running along the floor the light was so bright then breakfast was a load of rubbish could wait to get from there,i even videod it and to top it all i had 60 pound fine for going through a congestion zone london sorry give me liverpool anyday	
Sep 18 2009 	Why hasn't environmental health shut this place down?	Don't let the owner make money from you by keeping such a terrible place open. Go and stay at the Jesmond Dene around the corner instead if you have the choice.Stayed here as the original booking (at the Albion House hotel in the same square) fell through as it had no electricity (in itself a puzzle.....) - but was only informed this on arrival at 6.30pm. All the &quot;full&quot; signs at other places locally meant either accepting to stay at Kings hotel or spending time (that wasn't available as already had plans for the evening that couldn't be changed) finding somewhere else. This place shows shocking levels of lack of maintenance and is poor value for money. Didn't risk the breakfast - given how bad the rooms were I wasn't convinced my stomach would survive it.... rejected the first room was offered as the water wasn't working - the lack of surprise at the request for an alternative room by the duty manager should have been a big warning sign. They obviously are used to complaints - and presumably choose to ignore them.	
Sep 8 2009 	Wish I'd known!	Stayed here with my friend the first night of my trip and didn't get any sleep. Too creepy for words - big mistake.	
Aug 29 2009 	The Kings Hotel is in such poor condition that it can’t be taken seriously.	We booked Kings Hotel for its location and price, but didn’t read the review before we booked….BIG mistake. Location is fine; the hotel is located only 4 kms from Oxford Street. The area has many Indian restaurants, including one inside the Kings Hotel. Our room was located directly over the restaurant, and the odour from the kitchen was extreme.The biggest problem with Kings Hotel is the hygiene. The rooms are literally dirty. Not a little bit dirty, but very dirty. Dirty in a way we have never seen before, and I guess we will never see again. Thanks to the Rentokil box on the floor we didn’t experience any bugs or rats. A cleaning tip would be to vacuum under the beds. There were loads of dirt under the beds, including old batteries, underwear and other things. I have never seen a bathroom so dirty in my life, but we did in fact have hot water. The toilet didn’t flush properly, and some times it didn’t flush at all. We did get new towels every day, but the sheets on the beds wasn’t replaced even though it was needed.We didn’t feel safe in the room, because the window didn’t have any lock, and the room’s entrance door’s lock was just a joke. The door could be opened from the outside when it was lock from the inside. The Kings Hotel is in such poor condition that it can’t be taken seriously.	
Aug 5 2009 	The worst hotel we've stayed throughout our holiday in England!	The room was dirty with the carpet looking as if it has never been cleaned for months. The beds were literally half broken, we had to make sure we sleep on the &quot;right side&quot; of the bed in order to prevent us from falling over. There were bees in the room (almost 10 of them!!!!). And the worst thing was, we found a centipede crawling on my three year old son's bed !!!!... When we made a complaint and asked for a refund, all the receptionist could say was we had to make a complaint to the agency where our booking was made.	
Jul 3 2009 	WARNING - May Contain Rodents!!!	We arrived for a 2 night stay at the hotel, the exterior and marble floor to theentrance were inviting. However we were greeted by an unfriendly receptionist. We were handed a key and sent up four flights of stairs with our luggage traipsing behind us. The room had a double and a single bed, the decor was grimy and oldfashioned. We were happy to have ended a long trip and arrived in London, however it was not what we expected for the money we were paying. The beds had flat pillows and no duvet, a sheet and blanket, the matress had seen better days, the springs were uncomfortable. On looking in the wardrobe a solitary spare pillow, yellow and meldewed. In front of the wardrobe a mouse trap, the box and poison kind.Wanting to freshen up I ventured into the showerroom, I began to run the water in the bathroom sink and was greeted with a gurgling and a foul smell, (believing it to be the toilet) I consulted my partner. On further inspection we noticed that when i ran water into the sink the shower tray began to bubble and fill with pungent water. We informed reception and they sent up the maintenance man to remedy this. We sat on the bed whilst he began to plunge the shower tray, in the mirror opposite the bathroom we witnessed faeces emerging from the plug and showering the surrounding area. We promptly returned to reeception and requested a change of room. This is not the worst thing we encountered in the wrongly named Kings hotel.We were relocated and the room appeared to be better, it smelt fresher when we entereed, the beds were in the same condition as the previous room and the solitary spare pillow in the same mouldy state in the wardrobe. Smelling curry we decided to go and have some dinner, we werev directed to the curry house adjoining the hotel, this appeared okay until we were seated at grease stained tables. We chose to exxplore thee surrounding area and instead eat out. We returned and went to bed, we slept although it was an uncomfortable experience, the pillows were so flat that we obtained cricks in the neck and the springs were digging into our backs.Our second night, we both woke at around 4am to a clicking sound, at first we thought that it wwas the fan which had been on. However after turning on the light and turning off the fan, the noise persisted. After investigations it became clear that the noise was coming from the waste paper bin, I witnessed something moving in the bin, afteer stamping on the floor it became clear that it was a rat. The rat clambered out of the bin and ran along the room and under the bed. Again we went to reception and after waking up the staff member informed them of what we had encountered. They sounded surprised and insisted that they would inform the manager. We spent the remainder off the night awake and huddled on the bed wondering whether the rat was still under the bed. We spoke to the manager oursselves on our departure, he was unaware of our nightmare, but knocked a minimal amount from the bill. Unless you are employed by the Environmental Health or Pest Control I would stay clear of this hotel!	
Jan 2 2009 	Fab location!	Kings hotel is in a fab location, 2 minute walk to the nearest tube! The only problem we found with this hotel was the smell of curry in the room - the hotel is next door to an indian restuarant - we opened the window and the smell went away! Apart from that we had a great time in London!	
Nov 10 2008 	Not at all so bad	We, a family of parents and two kids, 10 and 15, stayed here for a week in our autumn holiday in a quad, or a room for four. The staff at the reception was always really friendly, answering questions and helping us when needed. For example, once the room felt very hot as the central heating had just been turned on - someone had complained of it being too cold!? - and when I asked about a chance to get the radiator off in our room a receptionist came to our room and manually set the radiator off.We've been to other hotels in London before so Kings was not anything special: a worn outlook, smallish rooms, basic furniture, blankets with sheets instead of duvets and duvet covers. But the toilet and the shower worked alright, the breakfast was tasty (toast and croissants with butter and jam), and the personnel at the breakfast room really helpful and polite. Yes, there was no lift, so going up to 3rd floor was hard sometimes, Yes, sometimes there was a smell of curry in the air, but that's understandable when there's an Indian restaurant downstairs - and you could easily open the window and get some fresh air in. The location of the hotel is excellent and the prices are low, so you can't expect any luxuries at that price - we didn't! I had read many negative reviews on this site and was quite scared of our holiday being ruined because of a lousy hotel. That's why it was a very welcoming surprise for us to spend the nights of our holiday week in this friendly ordinary hotel so near everything in our favourite city, London.	
Aug 8 2008 	Disaster!!!	I wish I could tell you the rooms were cramped or the beds sucked or maybe the curry odor was all over the place. Or maybe I could tell you the shower had no hot water or maybe the staff was terrible.I wish I could tell you that, but I can't. Reason is I did not stay there. Why? Well my two small kids, my wife and I flew in from Miami, got to the dump, and they just did not have room for us. They said it was booked and they never got our reservation. I booked via Hotels.com 2 months in advance and now I was homeless in London with my family. Apparently there were only 4 rooms available in whole of London that week, and the most affordable one at $800 per night and we were to stay 5 nights.After 3 hours the manager was able to get some sort of favor and book as at The Alexandra Hotel a few blocks away. (Another dump, for another review) This was for only 2 nights. After the two nights were over the manager of King's was able to find us a place at another hotel. At that hotel we had to move out of the rooms each morning and check into other rooms in the same hotel.Moral of the story is...when going from one continent to another with you family do everyone a favor and spend a few extra bucks for a serious hotel, and bypass the roach traps round Hyde Park.	
Apr 20 2008 	Dump of the first order	This place is a dump. Conveniently situated yes, but that would be it's only saving grace. Unclean. Staff couldn't care less. No elevator, with us on 3rd floor walk-up [some were on the 5th floor]. Curry smell right through the hotel at all times. Shower wouldn't work. Toilet wouldn't flush properly [and me with a belly bug from Morocco]. All in all, would recommend that you stay away from the place altogether.	
Apr 5 2008 	Kings Hotel nightmare!	There are a few things I would like to let you know about regarding this hotel.First, I had booked a twin bedroom but when my mum and I arrived, there was only a double bedroom for us. The bed in that room was the worse bed we ever slept in. In fact, we hardly slept at all because it was so uncomfortable and you could feel all the springs of the matress through the material. I also realised that the shower in the ensuite bathroom was broken and when I told the owner, he obviously knew about it but had not told us as he said: &quot;yes, that's ok, the plumber is coming tomorrow&quot;. So he showed me the shared bathroom on the first floor. I took a shower there the next morning at 8.30 and there was no hot water left! His reply was that I should have got up earlier! I was obvioulsy not very happy with the whole situation so I told him I wasn't ready to pay for an ensuite if all we had was a bedroom with a broken shower and only cold water in the shared bathroom. He accepted to charge me only the price of a basic double bedroom. However, the next day, he told me that the 10% deposit I had paid online were not going to his hotel but to the website people so I had to pay the deposit once more to him. I am pretty sure this is a lie but couldn't find anything on the website clearly stating who the deposit is going to. I had to leave that day so I left my mum to deal with this problem and she eventually paid those 10% as well as the price of the rooms. And this is not the end! He then gave her another bedroom because she was now on her own. That bedroom was in a terrible state and there were even electric wires sticking out of the wall! She woke up at 7am because she was freezing (it was snowing outside). She tried to put the heater up but it wasn't working and when she asked the landlord about it, he said he was only putting the heater on between 8pm and 4am!!! Finally, my mum had enough and after paying him for that extra night, she managed to find another place to stay in.As you can imagine, all these problems really affected our weekend in London, so think twice before you book this hotel!	
Mar 24 2008 	Avoid at all cost	Don't be mistaken by the name, there is nothing regal about this Hotel.Arrived at the Hotel and realized our mistake the room was cramped dirty and cold.The smell of Indian food engulfed the entire Hotel because you where directly above the Hotels other business an Indian eating house. The bathroom sink had no plug, the shower curtain allowed water to pour onto the tiled floor, the tiolet handle was loose and the cold water tap worked intermittently.The TV was blurred on all channels. The bed was very hard and had very flat pillows. One other most important thing we were also ripped off when we purchased a sit down curry down stairs all sorts of cost were added to the final bill.	
Mar 10 2008 	Run away as fast as you can	We planned to stay there for one night only but we've been informed at arrival that the room we booked was flooded. They replaced it with an single bedroom and an additionnal bed, which means that we had no room to move around the bed. Bad experience.....I wouldn't advise this hotel.	
Jan 4 2008 	Okay if not you aren't too choosy	+Perfect location+Friendly staff+TV with 5 channels (though the picture was shaky at times)+warm room+separate toilet and bathroom+Triple room instead of double room (we had one double and one single bed)+effective fan for summers-terrible mattress (could feel the springs under the back)-mouldy bathroom-curry smell all over the hotel-no lift-simple but typical breakfast (croissants, toast, tea/coffee, orange juice, cereals)-cracked tiles on the wall and floor -noisy air conditioning in the bathroom, though it was on only when the light was switched on.We stayed a week in Kings hotel at the end of December. We didn't expect much of it, since the room rates were not too high. I'd say a bit lower than a two star hotel. The staff was friendly, although not all spoke fluent English. We checked in at noon, however the actual time would have been at 2, but our room was available, luckily. One day, the room service hadn't left us towels, but the receptionist gave them immediately after informing him about it.We got a triple room instead of double one. Obviously, it has more space than the double room. The room was next to the stairs, therefore the noises were a bit too easy to hear through the door. About the location: near two underground stations, Queensway and Bayswater. There is a nice English pub near the hotel, it also serves delicious meals with decent prices. There are lots of different restaurants in Queensway: Asian, Lebanese, Italian, fast food etc.	
Jul 16 2007 	Would not recommend!	I checked in here with my sister for an overnight stay. I had taken my sister to London as a 21st Birthday present and wanted things to be nice.We arrived and after having booked a twin room back in January we were told that all the twin rooms were gone and only a double was available - we weren't impressed but were told there was nothing that could be done as all the twin rooms were taken. We shrugged our shoulders and decided to go with it for the night.We went up to our room, which was up about 5 flights of stairs - how anyone with large suitcases manages i can't imagine (we were very glad to only have backpacks!) We then discovered that after paying for an en suit our bathroom was down the hallway! Back downstairs we went for some more complaining - again to be told that there was nothing that could be done. It turns out that the room we were in was too small to fit a bathroom in so a private bathroom for our room was built seporately down the hall - not so good if you need the toilet in the middle of the night! Again after our best attempt at complaining and the offer of the only other room available (which was a single!) we again decided to go with it for the night.Back up in the room we discovered there was not only no lock on the bedroom window but that the paint was peeling away around the sides and there was a huge crack down through the glass. Our kettle was broken, the lid would not stay down which left boiling it slightly dangerous. When we tried to put the provided fan on at night we discovered just how dodgy the plug sockets were - the fan kept loosing it's power and had to be resolved by moving the plug in the socket - needless to say we were a bit worried.Our private bathroom down the hall smelt of drains, had cracked tiles and no plug in the sink, and my sister had a dodgy looking brown stain on her provided towel.After washing may hair in the morning I used the provided hairdryer to discover that the bare wires were coming out of the socket and the hairdryer itself had a crack in it - i had no choice but to use it though (very quickly may i add!)The breakfast room was very small but breakfast did consist of cereal which you could help yourself too along with tea, coffee and orange juice and brought to your table was a plate containing two slices of toast and one croissant each - which wasn't bad compared to some of the terrible breakfasts i've had in London hotels in the past.Unfortunately as this was my only experience of the hotel I can't comment on what other rooms etc may have been like, though as we were leaving another person was complaining about customer service to the manager.I would say if you were to stay there avoid room 50 at all costs! I have my letter of complaint on the way to them!	
Jul 11 2007	The Kings Hotel was fine!	We booked our stay at the Kings Hotel because of the price and location then we read all of the terrible reviews, so we didn't have very high expectations. Our experience was satisfactory. The room wastiny, but clean enough. The breakfast was good and the staff was particularly helpful and nice. My husband found a nearby hotel that cost as much for one night as we paid for four at the Kings Hotel. Sooooooooooooo, if you just want a place to sleep in an excellent location near Hyde park and two underground lines, the Kings will be fine.	
Dec 7 2006 	You Can Find Much Better For The $$$	I was in a last minute hurry to find a hotel in London for a quick trip. Was looking for economy, location, and convenience. So, I jumped on Hotels.com and did a search of the Kensington area of London and Kings hotel showed up with several others -- but Kings appeared better based on pictures, amenities, and price, so I booked it for 2 nights. The first night I arrived, I was told by the desk staff that there was a water leak that couldn't be fixed, so they took the liberty of moving me across the street to the Park Lodge Hotel -- no big deal to me, as I was just tired. Until I got checked in at the Park Lodge -- crummy room and see other review..... The next day the Kings Hotel got the water problem fixed and I packed up again and moved over to the Kings. On the booking website, it said they took credit cards, but the desk staff demanded cash payment only for the room..... Hmmm...... So, without many other options and a full shcedule, I paid in cash and checked in. Next problem was there was not an elevator/lift in this hotel and I was on the third floor with 2 heavy bags. I am not lazy and usually take the stairs, but on this day I really needed a lift. So, I hefted my bags up over 4 flights of narrow stairs in an old victorian hotel - into a narrower hall, then up a little spiral staircase to a narrow door I could barely fit through -- and I am thin. This was my room -- literally about 7 feet by 8 feet in dimension with a bathroom about 3 feet by 3 feet includnig shower! Problem here was that the hotel was advertised as having an elevator -- it did not! Also smelled very smoky and there was an ashtray in the room. The room had been vacuumed and the linens were fresh, but that's about all. My advice -- stay away from this one! There is a very nice hotel right around the corner from this one called the Corus Hyde Park that is lovely, quaint, charming, and well priced.	
Nov 16 2006 	Hates it!	This hotel was AWFUL! When we got there it was overbooked, so they sent us across the street to stay there from Friday to Sunday. The room we stayed in there was small, I had booked a room with an extra bed, meaning loads of extra space-which iI didn't get here I could barely move, but alright, it was clean and quiet. But the door to the bathroom wasn't a proper door....Sunday we had to walk over to King's with our bags. They gave us a room with a nice view of...nothing. THe room was on the ground floor and directly to the right was the window to the reception. They could see the entire room pretty much because the curtains woudln't close. The window was very difficult to close. But the room was an extra large room, which was a welcome change. However the shower needed to be fixed- only really hot water came out and burned both me and my boyfriend. I hated the place. The bedside light didn't work, and the carpet was DISGUSTING. Do yourself a favour and DON'T come here!!!	
Nov 3 2006 	Stay Away	Our room was antiquated and not clean. It was a third floor walk up. There was no soap one day. The shower was under an angled ceiling, very confining. They agreed to change our room but the new room's window to the balcony didn't lock and we were connected to another room by that balcony. Breakfast was meager to say the least. Internet photos and breakfast need updating. Only good thing was the location. It was close to 2 underground stops and close to Kensington Park.	
Feb 28 2006	Don't even think about it!	A truly dreadful 'hotel'. The room was dirty, the TV didn't work and was perched above head height and unsecured! There were stains on the curtains which were partly hanging down and the window rattled because it didn't have a fastener. The window frame was black with rot. The beds were grotty and had horrible blankets which didn't look clean. The shower curtain was discoloured and the grouting was loose and mouldy. The overhead wash-basin light in the bathroom didn't work and wasn't replaced even after informing reception and to cap it all they ran out of milk at breakfast!Don't stay there ...	
Dec 12 2005	absolutely dirty	we were there for 4 days in december.the room was absolutely dirty with dust everywhere. the bedspreads were absolutely dirty.the first night we found a big fly in the room. we used the mugs and they didn´t clean them. the bath wasn´t be cleaned anyday . the tv was out of working.the only good thing was the heat.in the end , a hotel to be forgotten.	
Nov 28 2005	Totally unacceptable	The staff were rude to us when we arrived - they demanded to see our passports even though we were from UK and so did not have them with us, their credit card machine was broken so we had to pay with cash - and they still wanted passports. We booked a double room and we were given a twin - the room was so small the beds did not fit next to eachother. There was no toilet paper or sugar, only 1 towel and cup. The TV did not work. The room was filthy and the final straw was finding a cockcroach in the bathroom. At this point we went to reception and asked them to find us another hotel - which they did. I would not recommend this to anyone.	
Sep 10 2005	Friendly staff but the hotel has problems	I stayed at the King's Hotel during the second week of September. Over all, I had a pleasant stay, but a few things bothered me. It mainly concerns the way the hotel advertises. On several websites and in the information they send to travel agents, the hotel is said to be a 3-star hotel (although, in fairness, there are sites, where 2-stars are claimed), extensively renovated, offering continental breakfast with an option for English breakfast, also, it would host a Tapas Bar, the first one in England. None this is true however. It's certainly not three stars. It's two stars at best. So why advertise otherwise? It may just be a mistake, but they should update the information with travel agents.Extensive renovation. Strangely, I found some pictures of a room with bathroom, that seemed to be renovated. But when I stayed there with a group of 34 people, none of the rooms in which my group were staying had been renovated. One can only conclude that if indeed there ever was a renovation, it must have been carried out during the eighties, which doesn't count anymore. Especially not, as it wasn't done very well to begin with.A continental breakfast was available, however I wouldn't want to live on the continent where they serve that particular breakfast. If Europe is meant, which is probably is the case, then even by French or Italian standards it's very basic. However, that can be forgiven. One cannot expect much of continental breakfast. Unfortunately, their claim to also be able to provide an English breakfast, wasn't true at all. When requested, the reply was, that no chef was available in the morning and that we best try somewhere on Queensway. Their advertising must therefore have been erroneous, it should have said they provide you with suggestions for an English breakfast.The Tapas Bar was another feature of this hotel that puzzled me. I actually had a feeling as soon as I walked into the reception area, that tapas wouldn't be on the menu (let alone typical Spanish dishes) as the staff certainly didn't come from Spain, they came from India. So I wasn't surprised to find that the restaurant didn't serve paella, but curry. Now for me, I didn't come to the hotel to eat tapas. But why advertise with such feature if it isn't really there? Coming to the state of the rooms. As said, the rooms weren't renovated, but that doesn't say that they were terrible. Certainly, the quality and maintenance were poor, and could certainly use a renovation, but everything did function. Also, and I find that special in a hotel of this class, there were fresh towels every day. The biggest plus-point of the hotel however was its staff. They were extremely friendly and helpful.In conclusion, I have to say that the problem with this hotel isn't really the sort of accomodation it offers. It's the fact that it advertises itself as something it's not. I hope that in the future they can do something about this and maybe get the quality of the hotel up to the same standard as the level of friendliness of their staff. Then they would certainly be able to claim three stars. As it is, it's a basic two star hotel, in need of renovation, which advertises facilities it does not offer.	
Jul 17 2005	NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL	This was the worst place we have ever stayed in. Knew it was old from someone else’s experience but thought it would be clean and friendly. Were we mistaken! Obviously it has changed hands since then. Our rooms were dirty, pillows were like a thin sheet of cardboard and television was broken. We stayed there for five nights. The day we arrived we asked for extra pillows and the television to be fixed. Second day we asked again about pillows and were told there were no extras if we were not happy we could leave. They knew full well we couldn’t do this as it was a busy time and there were no other hotels available otherwise we would have. Kept asking for the television to be fixed in the room and they kept telling us it would be. On the third night after asking again we had had enough so we took the Television down three flights of steps to the office. On the fourth night a television appeared in our room that actually worked. Sorry we didn’t carry it down to the office ourselves on the day we arrived. Linen on beds didn’t get changed at all while we were there, towels got changed every second day (no hand towel, bath mat at all), every other day bed got made (pulled up). We got no refills for out tea, coffee making. Shower base overflowed whenever taking a shower. My advice would be NEVER STAY THERE!	
Mar 18 2005	Quaint but comfortable	We Americans take so much for &quot;granted&quot;. Like inexpensive hotels that are very clean and modern.. In London,, our perspective was overhauled by the Kings Hotel and other hotels that we looked into… The Kings hotel is very old and rustic by our standards.. and walking up three stories (no lift/elevator) helped build our stamina. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful.. The breakfast was good.. Cereal, juice, coffee, croissant, and toast.. served by friendly staff. Location was great (next to lovely park and subway/metro stops). Overall, very good for the money,, but the “down side” is that the cleanliness we take for granted is just not there, ( i.e. Shower curtain, window curtains, and corners of room). But,, the bedding was clean (bed comfortable) and also the bathroom, very adequate with HOT water. An enjoyable stay for our needs.	
Jan 13 2005	NO HOT WATER	Stayed from 18th-22nd Decemnber. Great location and a only 2 star hotel. We arrived early and left luggage. Checked in - 4th floor room , no elevator and two children and there bags. We were not told about the lack of hot water until we enquired at reception. This was a saga as each time we enquired we were told it would be fixed that day. Returned home day two to find no hot water and all electricity gone on 3rd and 4 th floor. there were many unhappy guests. we were offered another room but the difficulty of packing all the childrens things and lugging the bags down all those stairs was too much. As we left , management verbally offered a refund as we had not complained but I am still waiting for this - almost 4 weeks later. For location Bayswater is great - find another hotel unless you don't mind cold washes in basins and the chance of no electricity.	
Jan 6 2005	the worst hotel	probably the worst hotel I have ever been too. I was't even thinking on staying in a hotel in London but I happened to forget the keys of the flat where I was gonna stay so I had no choice. I saw the hotel and negotiated a deal of 40 pounds/night for a double for two nights, possibly three. when I said I would need to stay for a 3rd night, they told me they had no doubles available and moved us to a single! they gave me a matress and I had to sleep on the floor. the matress was awful, you couldn't even move. overall I had to move room 3 times, one from the double to the single, then the first single we got had no electricity, they moved us again to the fourth floor (without lift). all the bedrooms had a common aspect though: the windows never closed properly which in winter is not nice and the central heater never worked.it was the first time I paid for a hotel and ended up sleeping on the floor! the staff was not pleasant, especially the young manager that thinks he is best.	
Dec 20 2004	Absolutely not fabulous :-((	How about... a cockroach in our room!cold showers all day and all night long (getting up very early on day 2 to ask staff to put the boiler on finally helped)disinterested staffuncomfortable pillows (feels like a flat old towel in a pillow case)short 'Japanese' blankets - you choose: cold feet or cold necknoisy street, kept us awake3 TV channels in oneboiling hot breakfast room that smelled of last night's curry and ricehorror kitchen (cooked breakfast had probably walked out by itself):-((	
Dec 12 2004	very good for the price and a great location	My wife and myself spent a week in this budget hotel in november. The staf were very helpful and very accommodating. We requested a room on the first floor when we booked and were given a room on the 4th floor. After the first night we were given our choice of 2 rooms on the first floor for the remainder of our stay. the rooms were small to american standards but adequate. The rooms were clean and no bugs. Bath was small and shower smaller but we had plenty of hot water in the mornings( but not at night). tv reception was auful but we were able to see a few channels. The breakfast was simple with orange juice, coffee and tea. Ceral, toast and bread along with butter and jely was ample. the breakfast staff was always right there with anything we needed. The hotel was worn but clean and was very well located to bus and tube. we never waited longer than 5 minutes for a bus or train.	
Nov 11 2004	Ok for a good price	OK if you get a good price and want to spend your time seeing London, not looking at your hotel room. My single room was on the top floor and they brought my luggage up for me and back down on checkout day. The room was small, but had all I needed - bed, wardrobe, cabinet. The TV worked but the reception was poor. The shower had low pressure, but got the job done. No face cloth or hand towel were provided, but the large towel was changed daily. The location is good. Two short blocks to Queensway which is full of restaurants and shops and a nice shopping mall (Whitelys). Two tube stations are on Queensway also so it was easy to get to anyplace in the city. I was satisfied for the price I paid.	
Oct 19 2004	Do Not Stay Here!	We just returned from London on Sunday, October 17th. We had stayed at the Kings Hotel the previous three nights. The first thing I wanted to do when I returned home was to write a review and tell everybody how distgusting this hotel was. We had a triple room that was so small you could hardly put your luggage down. The bed sheets were dirty and did not even fit the bed. The pillow was hard and about the size of a travel pillow. The shower was the smallest shower I have ever been in. It would not drain properly and management did not seem to care. The television was inoperative. When I approached the front desk about any problems they did not care. We spent twenty one nights throughout Europe on this trip and had no problems until our last three nights at the Kings Hotel. It was so dirty and disgusting that we did anything possible to stay out of the room during our three days. It was so uncomfortable that we did not sleep the whole three nights. It is too bad that this hotel ruined our stay in London. London would have been a great experience, but all we will remember is the DREADED KINGS HOTEL. If you are traveling to London, do your homework. Find a place that has been given decent ratings and spend more money if need be. I would have spent three times as much if I would have known how horrible this place was and how much it was going to ruin the end of our trip.	
Aug 31 2004	Hotel from Hell	This was a promotional package. A group of 14 arrival to their horror. The rooms were not ready, 6 of the group members had to stay in the hotel across the street for one night because of electrical problems; which was no better. Because we were scheduled to travel to Paris the very next morning it inconvenience the group. In the early morning hours (4am) we now have the group moving back into the hotel from hell. The hotel has no elevator and no bell boy. You had to carry your own luggage up flights of stairs. The remaining of our stay was no better. Rooms had no running water, heat problems, and one room had a problem with a mouse. I would never recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. This hotel should not be in business.	
Aug 18 2004	not impressed	At $250 a night I would expect more than this;- uncomfortable beds due to protruding mattress springs- threadbare sheets- sheets had paint stains, same color as walls / ceiling; either used as drop cloths or were not removed during painting.- large hole in ceiling- hole in floor, under carpet- broken tv- no locks on windows despite easy access from outside- corroded shower fittings- no plug in sink- light over sink inoperative- lights over beds inoperative- generally poor workmanship in all upgraded decor- broken windows and railings in stairs area- surly male staff ( the females were ok )- no elevator- communal female restroom ( bottom floor) permanently &quot;out of order&quot;- sign in communal male restroom reads &quot; do not flush&quot;- tapas ( spanish appetizers ) bar advertised but not providedOverall, worse than any $39.95 a night motel that I've ever been to.	
Aug 2 2004	Poor service poor room	We were recently booked at King's Hotel through a vacation package and wish we had stayed elsewhere. The day we arrived to check in for a week, we were told that there was not a room for us so we would have to stay at the hotel next door for a night. (This despite our having had reservations for over six months!) When we were finally given a room the next afternoon, it was three floors up (no lift) and the tiniest room for two that I have seen. (This was my sixth trip to London, by the way, so I am well acquainted with small English hotel rooms.) There were two twin beds placed end to end with a small nightstand between, but no other furniture and one &quot;closet&quot; less than two feet wide, with two hangers. There was a small TV mounted on the wall, but the reception was so poor that it was impossible to view anything.The bathroom was equally cramped, and the shower was a very small drain base, a hand-held spray that leaked, and a shower curtain hung at an angle due to the sloping ceiling. It was impossible to turn around in the shower or to keep the water from overflowing onto the floor. The breakfast of a croissant, toast, juice, corn flakes, and coffee/tea was adequate and the servers were very prompt and pleasant. The desk/office staff was less helpful, and the manager seemed very aloof. After leaving for a week in the countryside, we returned to King's for one night (also pre-booked) before catching our flight home, and were then given a room on the very top floor (five and a half flights) with its bathroom down the hall. When we asked for a room on a lower floor as we had to leave at 4:30 AM and did not want to wake everyone as we struggled down the stairs with luggage, the manager said he had nothing else and just walked away. (Our traveling companions also experienced similar problems with their rooms and lack of response at the desk.) The hotel was conveniently located in the Bayswater area, a nice neighborhood in which to stay, but its overall somewhat dingy appearance, tiny rooms, and apathetic management are minuses. A visitor can do better for the same price.	
Jun 21 2004	Not too bad	After reading reviews on this site as well as some other sites, we really prepared for the worst. We did not pick this hotel by choice (it came with our package). Anyway, it turned out better than what we expected (our expectation was rather low though). While we were there, we did overhear some girl complaining about the fact that there was no hot water so her dad had to take a cold shower. My girlfriend had the same problem the first night but then water seemed to be ok in the morning. The bathroom was really tiny and the shower was moldy. I guess one positive thing was that it was close to the tube and there were many buses that ran in that neighborhood. Another thing was that staff was nice in general and the complimentary continental breakfast was fine. 	
May 31 2004	Not Bad at All	My wife and I stayed at the King's Hotel in late April. After reading the previous posts we didn't expect much but were pleasantly suprised! The hotel's location was great, many shops and restaurants plus three tube stations within walking distance (Including Paddington Station). The rooms were pretty clean- if a bit spartan. It's true, there are no elevators, but we're young and didn't mind at all. There was no street noise to speak of although other guests did slam their doors every five minutes. Guess you can't blame that on the Hotel, though. Service was friendly- no complaints there. Our bottom line- this isn't a three star hotel but for the price we'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Mar 10 2004	Original hotel from hell	Dirty, damp, dingy and disgusting.. Don't stay here!!We booked into this hotel, as reccomended by Hotel Connect on a special 3 nights for 2 deal.The management seem to think if you are on a promotional rate you deserve all you get.The central heating didn't work, and subsequently there was no hot water.Rooms and bathrooms were mouldy and sub standard, faults to numerous to list.Breakfast further disappointment- the server actually 'sold' muffins at Â£1 each to complement the seasly portions..I could go on, but hate to relive the experience...	
Dec 28 2003	Good location bad room	We had a fourth floor room with no lift (elevator) or luggage assistance. Although they advertise private baths, some are not in the room. Ours was in the hall next to the room. The baths were moldy and the shower curtains dirty and stained. Rooms have space heaters and ours had a faulty cord and plug that would smoke and sizzle. It had been taped up with masking tape. We requested another room and was given one on the first floor next to the office. It was very noisy. The staff slammed doors all night and we could hear the traffic from the stairs. One night the hotel staff starting fighting in the hallway outside our door around 1am. They had been drinking. This lasted for nearly two hours.	
Nov 16 2009 	Horror Hotel		
Aug 4 2009 	horroroso		
Apr 27 2009 	à eviter a tout prix		
May 13 2008 	suficiente		
Apr 7 2008	Fatal		
Nov 17 2007	Kings Hotel...wiederlich!!!		
Feb 26 2007	L'Htel Kings non è degno di questo nome		
