May 26 2009	WORSE TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I just stayed there and ended up with a bad rash! My friends and I thought it was bed bugs, but apparently there is a good chance it is scabies! The owner attempted to make up for it by giving us lots of wine. In addition, you only get one towel per your stay, and they do not clean your rooms. If I could I would give it a worse than terrible rating, overall.	
May 23 2008 	Not a good experience	On a girls' shopping trip to London, my girlfriends and I stayed at the Albany, which at first we thought was, just okay. After being there a few days, we began experiencing some sort of rash, but didn't know what it was. Our skin continued get worse after returning home, and I went to my doctor to see what was happening. I was informed that I had gotten scabbies, and so had my three travel companions. We were all treated for the critter infestation and it eventually subsided. We contacted the hotel to alert them of our troubles. After having faxed them all of our medical bills and prescription receipts, they refunded all of our money for our stay and reimbursed us for our medical expenses. They were very apologetic and explained that sometimes people check into the hotel after staying in hostels and drop off the bugs in their beds during their stay. Even though they were cooperative about refunding and reimbursments, we will never stay there again. However, the morning breakfasts were good.	
Mar 6 2008 	Unfriendly and rundown	What a horrible experience for a female backpacker travelling alone. when i made my booking the gentlemen spelt my name incorrectly. So when i went to check in the lady on the desk couldn't find it. I was then yelled at for giving a false name. I was so shaken by this i went to my room and it was tiny, dirty and very old. Not worth the asking price. I was scared to stay there if the staff were this horrible so i went back down to ask for a refund and again was yelled at by the manager. I left the place imedietly with only one night being refunded. Not reccomended!	
Jan 7 2007	Not bad	I stayed at the albany twice. It is old and run down however you get what you pay for and we only paid about 10 pound per night. It is in a good location right near the underground and near lots of food places and supermarkets. Also there are ensuites in every dorm so you don't have to go treking down the hallway to use the bathroom. Would recommed staying there if all you want is a cheap place to put your head at night.	
Mar 16 2006	never again	Was on looking at hotels in london and came across the albany hotel. Stayed there in april 1998. Not a good place to stay. We were on a budget but it was not that cheap...six nights 850.00 u.s. Anyway the place was not worth it at all. Would have left if i could have afforded to. The hotel was recently renovated they said. The brochure talked about &quot;chinese antiques&quot; The room was terrible and the beds were awful. Was not pleased with the accommodations at all....and no one really cared. Went back again to london in Sept. 2002 and stayed at the Jury's great russell street hotel. A 360 degree difference from the Albany and worth every penny. Would not hesitate to stay at Jury's again. The albany is a joke.	
Mar 6 2006	Only the showers s----	Just back from London, we stayed for 2 nights in the Albany.. De Generator hostel was full and there we got al list with other cheap hotels in the neighbourhood.. The first hotel we went in was the Albany.. We had to pay 20 pounds p.p., p. night..It wasn't that bad as we read above, but not quite that good also. Don't expect a lot from te room: they are simple, small and it smells old/ not fresh.... We didn't use breakfast, so nothing to say about that...The main thing that was really bad: the showers..In the hotel were 3 showers: the first one gave only cold water, the second one changed every second from too hot, till ok, till too cold and the waterpressure was really, really low... after a few minutes the shower didn't want to shower anymore.. The third shower was &quot;the best&quot;:the temperature was just warm enough and the waterpressure was good enough to get al the soap out of your hair, after ten minutes...For people who want to stay at the Albany: if you are going for 2 nights like us and you go out a lot..its's mayby ok, but don't go longer...!!	
Mar 21 2004	NEVER GO THERE!! you're warned	I STRONGLY NOT RECOMMEND IT!!! I just spent a week there and I am totally not satisfied. The location is quite good, and it is true that it's close to the tube station, but it is not at all &quot;above average&quot; as stated on this page ********. A friend of mine recommended me to go there because he went there a couple of years ago, and it was a quite good budget place. But I guess the management changed a year and a half ago. There's totally no maintenance, and the place looks really creepy. Only the hall looks quite decent, but as soon as you go up or downstairs, everything's different. The carpets are very old, smelly, visibly dusty and even ragged, especially on the stair steps. The elevator was out of order, so not only I had to drag my heavy bags, but I bet there would be no access to disabled people at all. And no need to say that it is not true that the rooms are cleaned on a daily basis. On the first night I was given a creepy room, very dusty, with dirty bed sheets, broken window (could not close it), and no fridge as I paid for. (There were phones inside the rooms, for outgoing calls only, but they were not working, as the main phone of the hotel was not working as well. In fact for three days in a row before my departure I had been trying to give them a call but no one ever answered the phone, and then I learnt why.) I asked for more clean sheets, and the incompetent german receptionist led me to the store room, and told me to pick the ones that &quot;looked&quot; clean to me. And some weren't, with visible stains on them. And of course they were not ironed, but not even clean. I asked for another room, and he told me there was no other room available. All he could do was get the fridge the next day from another room. I slept with my clothes and coat on, not to have any contact with the filthy bed linen, and did not unpack my bags, as I wanted to run away and ask for a refund. The morning later, there was a quite nicer lady at the desk, who told me that the german guy should have given me another room, even if it was a double one. We agreed that I could decide to stay if I had a clean room. She told me there were two, on the fourth floor, the highest. I picked one. The following day -it had been raining- in the evening when I got back to my room I realised that it was raining inside as well, and specifically on the bedside table, where there were all the switches for the room lights, so I was worried a short circuit could occur. All they did was give me a cloth, and promise they would have repaired the roof in the morning. Last but not least, one night I could not sleep because there were noises in my room, in particular a plastic bag seemed to be touched or moved my something, and I found out that it was some rat trying to pull a biscuit out of it (which meant the rat was under the bed!!!). That was the end of my &quot;happy&quot; budget holiday. The morning later, the same lady at the desk told me that she thought the mice might come from another room that probably has never been cleaned for two months, and in which a very messy and dirty guy who used to work there had been living. The only reason why I did not check-out as soon as possible is because they told me that what I paid through credit card (?44, the 35% of the weekly rate) did not count for them as it all goes to the site, and so they had to charge me 2 nights from the ?80 I paid there in cash. Which meant I would have lost ?60 with no reason. I really hope they're going to do something about it.	
Feb 23 2004	Utterly Unhelpful	I'm planning a trip to London. After searching through the internet for a hostel to sleep in, I made a booking online because the prices seemed reasonable and Albany's location was quite convenient for us. Afterwards, I had a problem with my credit card because the web site I made the booking through, mistook my personal data. They told me I should call the hostel directly. So did I: I sent e-mails and called them over 10 times (2 telephone numbers). They didn't even bother to answer neither the e-mails I sent nor the phone. I haven't find accommodation yet but, as you can imagine, it's for sure that it won't be Albany Hotel!	
Jan 30 2004 	Stay Away of this Cheaters' Hotel!	We booked there through the Internet. Because our flight was one of those cheap ones that land in the middle of the night in the middle of nowhere - we called before to make sure - and they told us that everything was OK.We arrived there at 2 am (night). The receptionist told us that they didn't get any reservations for us, we showed him the papers from the Internet, and he said, that he doesn't have the rooms that we ordered, only more expensive ones. To his buddy, he said in Arabic &quot;I'll give them *that* room, it's 2 OClock and they have nowhere else to go anyways&quot;. He thought that since we're Germans, we don't understand, but hey - my partner has a degree in Arabic literature...*That* room was a room at the 5th floor with no lift (&quot;it is in repairments&quot;, said the guy - I bet he says that also in the weeks that have passed since), without proper sheets, without toilet paper, totally disgusting and not cleaned for ages: we found a tomato stem bud (&quot;star&quot;) on the bottom of the sink. It is one of those things, that if you cleaned, you would have seen immidiately. Because we are not suckers, we did not agree to pay extra price (as he wanted), since he gave us 3 bed bedroom instead of 2-bed one. The next day, we heard them pulling the same trick (&quot;we don't have that room anymore, you could check into a larger/more expensive room) on a group of Americans.Be warned.	
Jun 6 2003	Very Unhelpfull	Called Hotel to obtain information. The person I spoke with was very unhelpful, had to repeat myself 3 times. Asked for the managers name, told I cant give you this information. Asked to speak with them and was told they are not here. If they are this unhelpful on the phone then I would'nt stay here at all.	
Jun 24 2002	some helpful advice	If you are considering staying at the Albany Hotel, please don't, the service is substandard (the reception staff barely speak comprehensible English) and the beds are awful (I wouldn't have been much worse off had I decided to sleep on the floor).	
