Nov 25 2009 	Clean and bright charming staff	The hotel looks bright and welcoming, and the receptionist couldn't have been friendlier or more helpful. Although on the small side, our room was clean and decently furnished, and the beds were comfortable. The proper 'full English' breakfast was tasty and freshly cooked. For the money, the Muswell Hill Hotel is a bargain - athough be aware that the car park only takes about six cars, and was already full by the time we arrived (about 7.30.) However, there is unrestricted on-street parking. Overall, highly recommended.	
Jul 4 2009 	Very helpful and friendly staff	Stayed here for 2 nights.Homely setting.Reception staff were very friendly.Had to change rooms due to noise of buses at front of hotel.There was no problem doing this.Very good breakfast and very clean place to stay.	
May 18 2009 	Cheap 	Cheap &amp; cheerful hotel for an overnight stay.Rooms are small( but how much space do you need) Try &amp; get a room at the back if possible - noisy traffic never seems to stop &amp; no double glazingGreat breakfasts served by friendly staffSecure parking is a real bonus in London but if you don't need the car plenty of buses or you can always walk.	
Oct 29 2008 	Getting Tired	Have stayed here many times and it is getting very tired, The last refurbishment was of poor quality and done on the very cheap, paint work is like textured paint. Dirt collects in the corners due to the very poor finish.Mirrors in every room I stayed in are OK if you are 5’4” but at over six foot I can only shave my navel unless I kneel down.Some rooms have holes in the ceilings where damp has got in and paint flaking off the ceilings. TV’s are old 14” portable and of very poor quality.Staff are the hotels only asset as it is obvious that the owner won’t spend any money on maintaining the rooms.OK to stay at if you don’t want luxury as it is clean and tidy despite the lack of maintenance and the breakfast is of excellent quality, Free range eggs and proper butchers sausages not the usual rubbish served in most places, Mushrooms would be a nice addition	
Mar 11 2008 	A bit quirky but ok	This place really is OK, the manager chappy is a bit of an eccentric (the owners are not apparent) but that was quite fun. Parking is off road and very secure. Rooms are fairly basic with flatpack furniture but what do you expect at this price? Reception is well furnished and welcoming, late access is via key. Breakfasts in the basement are lively and well vitalled. We are returning in July so hope it is still up to scratch.	
Aug 6 2007 	very friendly	lovely clean hotel staff very friendly and helpful ,nice breakfast very close to muswell hill broadway.have stayed there three times now and going back in august.	
Feb 8 2007	Muswell Hill Hotel	Pleasant enough if you can book. However, it can be tricky obtaining an answer via phone in the afternoon, so best try them in the morning. Otherwise, staff very helpful and considerate.Traditional cooked breakfast is huge and very satisfying. Opposite Cranley Gardens, where Denis Neilson did his dark deeds many years ago. Handy for Muswell Hill Broadway. Parking to the rear.	
Aug 17 2006	Highgate Area - north of city...	The Muswell Hill Hotel is actually in a converted house. The bedroom and bathroom were quite nice - large enough for us. A very nice breakfast is provided in a nicely decorated room. The staff is wonderful - very helpful and very friendly. There is a lovely park within walking distrance with a super cafe. A nice relaxing place to stay away from busy downtown London. Altmann's from Canada	
