Oct 27 2009 	Excellent Choice	The hotel is clean and well equipped and only 5 minutes from teh tube. The breakfast is fine and we got a great deal on the room cost. One of the best bits is that it is opposite a fantastic Turkish Restaurant called Mirage. We have a 2 and a half year old who can be a handful but he was treated like a king by the owner and staff and we had two fantastic meals. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good value hotel in London!	Easy to find, ample parking which is free if your a guest! Clean and tidy, good security!Breakfast is only a breakfast buffet and is less than average really, service good within hotel although night reception service is a bit off par. Deals for tv, music and Wi Fi in room which was reasonably priced.Overall good value for location and direct access to centre of London via local tube station only 4-5 mins walking distance from hotel. Perfect for events at O2 Arena	
Aug 24 2009 	Good clean hotel	Although hotel is not in centre of London, it is only a 5 minute walk to tube - once on the tube you can get anywhere! It was good to be able to drive to the hotel and not have to worry about exorbitant parking fees - we were even allowed to leave the car on the car park the day we checked out!Breakfast was adequate, and also included in the price. We also ate in the bar on our 1st evening and the price was reasonable for London, arounf £40 for 3 main meals, drinks and dessert.We are planning another trip to London next year and would definitely stay at this hotel.	
May 25 2009 	Modern Hotel Immaculately Clean!	We stayed one night here unexpectedly, and were pleasantly surprised. The situation is unprepossessing, on a housing estate on a dual carriageway in Ilford. However, the hotel itself is very modern and the reception staff welcoming and friendly. The room was clean and had everything necessary. The included breakfast was an added bonus, and perfectly adequate. I would certainly stay here again if I needed a hotel in the area.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great hotel	Great hotel, couldn;t fault it. Everything was lovely and clean and the staff were helpful and friendly. rooms were a little small but everything was clean and the shower was a big walk in shower that worked properly. Hotel is easily accessible by car and is 4 minutes walk to the tube station. It takes about 30-40 minutes to get into central London by tube but it isnt a problem apart from when maintenance work is carried out on the tube line at weekends. We drove into the East End of London on Sunday as the tube line was shut and this took about 25 minutes but it wasnt a problem as the congestion zone is only valid Mon-Fri. Would stay here again	
Apr 6 2009 	clean hotel bad location dishonest staff	Pros: + clean hotel, nice rooms with air condition and a good shower+ above average breakfastCons:- bad location: it is very close to the underground, but it takes you about 50 minutes to reach the center. On weekends there might be engineering works, so it might even take longer (it took us a good 1 hour and 15 minutes to reach the center).- dishonest staff: The staff at the reception told us that it would be better if we get charged in Euros instead of pounds in our credit card. She explained that the banks usually use a bad exchange rate. We followed her advice. Unfortunately, after comparing our other payments with the credit card, we noticed that it was the hotel that misused the exchange rate. The difference was big. If you stay here, make sure you get charged in pounds. Your bank cannot choose a worse exchange rate than the hotel.- the isolation of the rooms are very bad. I woke up every time someone passed by our door. So, if you are a light sleeper, be aware.	
Mar 13 2009 	Right by a Tube station free breakfast. Very satisfied.	We stayed here for one week in Aug of 2008. It was VERY far away from the &quot;city&quot; but who cares: because it is a 4 minute walk to the Tube station which in turn takes you anywhere in London-and quickly. I think the most time we ever waited for the train was 5 minutes. Breakfast was the typical cereal, fruit, juice and toast, but they also had great cheeses and milk and yogurt. considering how much a meal cost in London (with the horrid exchange rate for the dollar) it was great getting a free meal each a.m. The decor was very modern. The breakfast room carpet was filthy, but other than that we loved the hotel. The only negative I have overall was the high speed internet was ridiculously expensive- like a dollar a minute. Seriously!	
Mar 1 2009 	Well situated:comfortable pleasant stay.	This hotel is pleasant and quiet even though it is located right on the Eastern Avenue and thus easily accessible by road. It has ample free parking for guests and is also within a few minutes walk of Newbury Park underground station on the Central line with quick direct access into the City and central London.The rooms were clean and pleasant and breakfast was as one would expect in this hotel chain. Evening meals were available and were really excellent being generous, tasty and great value for money.Staff were generally helpful though some staff members gave the impression of being trainees both in hotel skills as well as the English language.Overall an agreeable staff at a reasonable price.	
Jan 20 2009 	Nice hotel clean comfortable and excellent all in all	Very new (2007) clean, friendly staff, nice room - good decor, breakfast included.The entrance is floor 0, the reception floor 1, odd, but nice. The 1st floor is therefore a sort of large mezanine with large windows, reception, a large lounge area, bar and a restaurant section (not room), plus a breakfast bar. All very pleasant although purple lights are a shock at first, but it works after a while. All perfectly OK and all extremly clean and well maintined. Bar prices about the same as local pubs. There is a local pub about 0.3 miles away (see google).The garage next door has a sainsbury shop in it! good food drink and all that sainburys offers (on a smal scale) + petrol :-) There is also a MacDonalds, but I haven't been in that.The nearest tube station is exactly 3 minutes walk along the main road. It took me 25 minutes to mile end road (so probably about 40 mins to liverpool street.)Room very modern lots of lights in various combinations, 32 inch flat TV, very clean shower, cable internet, and loo. Air conditioning but the manager told me it only comes on if the outside temp is &gt;12 degrees c outside ... so I was a bit hot in Jan (23 in the room).. but then I could have opened the window! (which I didn't notice the catch for!)Car park always seems to have space.Lifts have security system whereby you need your room key to get to floor ... probably because floor 0 is out of sight of anyone in reception!Difficult to find a problem realy for the price .... plus there was an offer of £10 for 24 hours internet, plus all the movies you could watch, seems cool but I had my own USB internet connection. I have 3 USB broadband which is 100% in the bar but 1 bar in my room ...Not many people in January ... good! :-)	
Sep 25 2008 	Express by Holiday Inn-- Smart Hotel	Expressby Holiday Inn--Newbury park, London, UkDated:September 25th, 2008A Trip Advisor Member, Mumbai,IndiaAugust being a peak month we did not get much choice of Hotelsas our trip was last minute.After a lot of research on the net, i came upon the Express Hotels website,and was really thrilled to find a Hotel within our budget,a reputed brand, good location.We were told that Hotels in London do not cost less than a 100 Pounds per night.We were a Triple family, 2 adults and 1 teen daughter,booked in for a week.At first we felt Newbury Park is not a good location, not close to the Centre etc.Kind of last minute we rushed our booking thinking we took a chance.From the Heathrow Airport, it took us about 1Hour and 40 mins by the Tube.Upon landing late at night, we received a warm welcome from the front desk staff,and were pleased to see the refreshing open lobby lit by purple lights.Express by Holiday Inn, is spankingly new, spacious, airy, and the room was a treat!!Comfortable beds, fresh linen changed daily, large size LCD TV,with Internet were just some of the features at a price of GBP 75 per night, Continental breakfast included was great.!The Hotel staff was very helpful, always guiding us around well.From Newbury Park to Central London and back, by the Tube would cost us Pound 5.25 for a day pass each.Time to Oxford Circus was approximately 25 mins.Breakfast is lavish with a good choice of buns, croissants, muffins, juices,--except NO EGGS!Always crowded and full up the Lobby was alive.Close by, just outside we had MC Donalds, Banana Leaf ( Indian Restaurant ), Curry's, JD, Marks and Spensers Food, and the Tube.Modern Hotel, well worth our money.Natasha GulrajaniMumbaiIndiaWould love to go there again.	
Jul 18 2008 	Good Stay	Good location with secure car park. Room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast - continental only. Short walk to the tube station - good for tourist visits into the city. I enjoyed the stay.	
Jun 30 2008 	Worst Of the worst!	Ok, we stayed here as we love the service Holiday Inn/Express offers. So after booking this on a visit to london 1 month before we made our trip, we were mighty dissapointed when we were told all rooms were booked, but they could give us a room for Disabled people. I wasnt happy with that, as the bathroom, etc etc was all different to normal rooms. The lady told me Matter of factly that there was no other rooms available. And my payment to the hotel was non-refundable!! After having no choice, we took the room, later in the evening when the reception staff shift changed, i tried my luck again, we were met by a very unsmiling, stern looking man called Sher. He did tell me infact that double rooms were available, and after asking me if we had 'dirtied' the room, agreed to move us.As we were attending a wedding the next day, we requested an iron, he asked me to collect the iron from the reception area, only to be told all irons were 'taken'. He would locate and give me 1 in an hours time. 6 hours later, we still did not get an iron, so i called him again. He said he would call me back in 1 hours time. 2 hours later, i went to the reception looking for him, only to be told he had gone home 2 hours ago. The staff are the worst iv ever encountered, and it is not worth the money to stay in this hotel, where you pay to get treated like nothing.	
Jun 19 2008	Wonderful but way too far from downtown	Great hotel - way too far from downtown. I would rather sacrifice a little comfort and not have to take a 45 minute Metro ride into London	
Apr 27 2008 	Brill hotel but security 	I stayed here for a couple of nights and am generally pleased with the hotel. The room was clean and followed the EBHI brand standards perfectly. The lobby's great and as it's a new hotel, everything's clearly been thought about and so lighting, furniture and the reception desk are all well planned. The reception's on the first floor which is a nice touch (although I don't know why I liked it so much!) and there are two lifts to use for the rest of the floors.There were a couple of issues though; one was someone from the hotel informing me that because I'd urinated on the sofa (!) they'd had to throw it away and will need to charge me for it - I told them there was no sofa for me to urinate on even if I'd wanted to and she said wrong number and put the phone down! Was left feeling worried my card was about to be pummelled!The other issue was that after breakfast on the first day (I stayed for 2 nights) I went to reception to ask for another room key card for my girlfriend - the lady asked which room I was in and handed over the card, no verification nor security checks. This means someone from the street could come along, get a key and go straight into a room of their choice! I made sure my valuables were well hidden while I went to work!Overall though I would definitely recommend this hotel - my only advice is consider what you're leaving in your room when you're not there!	
Apr 14 2008	Clean but far from center	I visited here with my mom and girlfriend during newyear's eve. The hotel was new and really clean. The room was simple, and had pretty much space for stuff like clothes and shoppings. It even had a nice sofa and a view to a nearby park. Breakfast wasn't exactly great, pretty poor actually, nothing warm was served. Could have been worse though, bread was fresh and coffee was good. The receptionist was very rude, but I really didn't care. The newbury park tube station was about 200 meters from the hotel, but the trip to central london lasted for about half an hour. Overall, I was satisfied with the hotel.	
Feb 5 2008	Great rate	The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk from Newbury Park Station which in turn is 27 minutes from St Paul (Liverpool St is nearer, Oxford Circus further)Hotel is better than most Holiday Inn Express Hotels. Very new and it still shows. The view from the 6th floor across towards Canary Wharf and the City is interesting, makes you realise how flat the capital is!!Definatley return if I am working anywhere on the Central line, as the restaurant who cares if the fish is small as you have thousands of great London restauarnts on hand.	
Oct 24 2007	Ask To See The Fish!	Usual Holiday Inn Express rooms and reception areas. New ish (Oct 2007) so in good condition. Not in a particularly good area for restaurant or pubs so you are stuck to the hotel restaurant. Not good, no chef on duty during my stay so a limited menu and the smallest deep fried fish (think fish finger size) you have ever seen.	
Sep 24 2007 	Exellent	Very nice, new hotel. BUT take into consideration that located in London 4, at least 40 min by tube to the city center. BTW tube station just few minutes walk away, also there is Marks&amp;Spencer supermarket just around the cornet - very convinient. Overall - enjoyed the stay!	
Jul 11 2007 	Excellent value	The room was the usual Holiday Inn Express affair, so clean and functional and with a bath rather than a shower and not much space for clothes. Good but noisy air conditioning, but only one chair in the room - given that this was a twin bedded room booked for two, this seems odd. In addition, there was only one bath towel in the room when we arrived, but reception quickly arranged for more to be brought up. Comfortable beds and an interesting view out of the window towards central London. The car park was adequate - rather full on arrival, but quite empty the next morning - they have a large function room on the ground floor and it seemed that many of the guests using that had parked in the car park - this might be a problem when both the hotel is fully booked and there is a function downstairs. The location is fine if you have a car - convenient for the North Circular, A12 and M11 roads, but the immediate surroundings were not particularly interesting. When we first arrived at breakfast there were hardly any items left, but the staff quickly replenished it and it was a better selection than some Holiday Inn Epxress breakfasts. Overall very good value (less than £50) including breakfast.	
Jun 1 2007 	Excellent new hotel	This hotel is new and has only been open for 6 weeks, so the staff are still bedding in. The hotel is another express where reception is on the 1st floor. The staff were eager to please and looked like they had been trained very well. The room was well appointed with a large flat screen tv in the room. I had a room on the 7th floor and it was quite quiet. The breakfast was standard continental but it looked like someone had spent a lot of time making sure everything looked right. The hotel does do bar snack type meals, the hotel is next to a BP and a McDonald's and only 300 yards from the central line tube. I liked the place as it very new and everything in the room worked.	
Sep 19 2009 	nur zu empfehlen		
Jul 2 2009 	Bueno pero alejado del centro		
Jan 19 2009 	Nett freundlich und sauber		
Oct 28 2008 	???????????		
Oct 8 2008 	Buen hotel a media hora del centro		
May 3 2008	Ottimo ma in effetti distante dal centro...		
