Feb 27 2009	Fabulous value and friendly	Fabulous value accommodation in London. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The food was excellent. We sat out on the terrace overlooking the park. What a beautiful location. I am looking forward to staying here again next month.	
Nov 1 2008 	A very english institution with comfortable accomodation	For the price of £170 per night including breakfast and VAT for a room overlooking Green Park, The Royal Overseas League deserves 5 stars. I have stayed here twice now, once with a city view room (which was a little cheaper) and for the location, possibly the best in London, this is a real bargin.The club itself is rather old fashioned and the public areas are comfortable but in need of a refurbishment. The bar is very tired as is the breakfast room but both have a faded elegance that is endearingly English. The prices in the bar are a fraction of the price of the Ritz next door and afternoon tea was just as good. Tea was served in the Lounge on the first floor which is lovely but expect to see someone resembling your great aunt fast asleep in one of the armchairs. The bedrooms have recently been refurbished and are very comfortable with good quality bedlinen, free wifi,and small but modern bathrooms with good showers.For the price and the location, it's hard to better.	
Jul 21 2008 	Refurb required	Good location and good value. Friendly staff but the place is in need of a reburb. I was there over several weeks and found beds and mattresses stacked up in hallyways. I was concerned about possible fire hazard. I was also surprised that management were allowing the practice for it made an already tired looking building look rather tatty. Stannah type chair lifts installed in the downstairs area are an essential requirement for the disabled but they give the place a rather institutional look.	
Apr 6 2008 	Comfortable club with very helpful and friendly staff	Very homely and comfortable place though trifle shabby in parts. Had room overlooking park but it was small and did not have much view of the park. However the club has a very friendly atmosphere and the location is absolutely superb. The staff are extremely friendly too and appear to have been there for years. The reciprocal facilities offered with other clubs around the world are simply superb. Food in buttery good. Did not try restaurant.	
Mar 28 2007	Wonderful place to stay -- if you have a reciprocal membership	The Royal Overseas League is just off St James's -- near Piccadilly and Mayfair. It has about 100 rooms. They cost from about £130 to £150 which is extraordinary value for London. The catch is that you have to be a member of the ROSL or an affiliated club to stay there. It has agreements with hundreds of clubs around the world. The club itself is one of those very old-fashioned, very traditional and very comfortable British institutions. Unlike most British clubs, it has accepted women as full members for almost a hundred years. The formal restaurant is very good (complete with harpist) while the Buttery (coffee shop) does snacks, lunches, coffess etc..... On one of London's rare nice days, you can have the food from the Buttery in the garden, which is stunning and backs onto one of London's major parks. There is room service with a limited menu (basically sandwiches and drinks) throughout the night.The new executive rooms, by contrast with the main club, are all light wood and chrome with flat screen TVs and (free) broadband Internet access. The beds are very comfortable and the bedding is top quality. These rooms also have air conditioning (not often necessary) and amazing views of the London skyline.The standard rooms are all en-suite and very comfortable. The furnishing is a bit more traditional. The new bedding is being introduced to all of them.The real strong point is the staff. London hotels are not known for service and most have a very high staff turnover. The ROSL has a team who are exceptionally caring and friendly -- most have been there for years and know many of the members personally. There is no gym but several are within easy walking distance (the Fitness First in Berkeley Square costs £7 a day).If you qualify, this is a lovely place to stay.	
