	Location! Location! Location!	What is not to love about this boutique hotel that hasn't already been said. The rooms- adequately sized, were spotless and furnished beautifully. Quiet at night when you want to go to sleep, and bustling during the day. Location for shopping and transport can not be beaten.The most outstanding feature though is the service. Herald and his team (inparticular, James and Ava) go well beyond what one would hope to receive. They were great with dinner recommendations, and any other request we had.Breakfast was plentiful, but best of all they know how to make a great Strong Latte. A fabulous way to start off the day.	
Nov 23 2009 	Everything was just perfect at The Levin!!!	I stayed at The Levin for 7 nights and all I can say is that is one of the nicest hotels I´ve ever stayed at. The hotel is lovely, the service and staff just excellent! And there´s more, the best location in all London, just a few steps from Harrods and from Knightsbridge Subway Station. Breakfast is very good also, you will love this Boutique Hotel.I will definetely stay at the Levin every time I visit London!!!	
Nov 16 2009 	brilliant Place	the location is one of the best in London, within walking distance of all the best shops and restaurants in London. The rooms are modern and very tasteful rather small compared to what you get in other parts of the world (this is Europe) but the service was brilliant, the staff very attentive and the weather was great which made the trip perfect. Next time I'm back in London, this is the only place i will think about staying at.	
Oct 25 2009 	the best surprise in london	we go quite often to London and is a fact that the hotel is normal! The levin is a very nice surprise.... very modern. cosy and elegant.the location is great for the airport, shooping and site seeiing. is easy to get to.the rooms are so clean and confortable and the staff always attentive and helpfull. being a support more then a service. they help us with the taxi, to exhange money, giving tips. amazing!it is the best hotel to stay in...definetely!	
Sep 26 2009 	Perfect spot in the heart of Knightsbridge	I stayed for 17 nights at this beautiful hotel in London. The staff is very helpful and friendly, the rooms are modern and very elegant. Its a hidden gem in London	
Sep 17 2009 	Small (yet perfectly formed) auberge on Basil Street	It took me a while to make up my mind about this place. When you enter from the street, everything seems very close together including the registration desk, the lounge area and the stairs affording you access to the bedrooms. There is also an antiquated lift, but the stairs is the simpler option.My room (on the first floor) was hugely comfortable. Spacious, airy and decorated in a calming shade of blue. The bathroom is also a peaceful place, a restorative refuge in which to luxuriate after a day spent in London . Unlike other hotels, the Levin offers a champagne bar (as opposed to the usual mini-bar). Though it offers a choice of champagnes (and the facility to make champagne cocktails), I prefer the allure of a pint of good lager, preferably quaffed out-of doors whilst people-watching. There's something about the &quot;beaded bubbles winking at the brim&quot; of a pint of beer that does it for me everytime.The hotel is literally a three minute stroll away from Harrods, and is also within close striking distance of Harvey Nix. The breakfasts in Harvey Nix are A-one and worth experiencing at least once during your time at the Levin. Though the Levin offers room service and cooked breakfasts, the restaurant in the Levin is currently closed and all the food emanates from its sister hotel, the Capital, which is located just beside the Levin. Given the divine nature of the Harvey Nix breakfasts (consumed al fresco during the &quot;Indian Summer&quot; of last week), however, I did not avail of either the Continental or the English breakfast at the Levin.Another added benefit of the Levin is its proximity to Knightsbridge Tube Station. It's a four minute walk away from the hotel (and you can be on a tube to Heathrow Airport within ten minutes of leaving your bedroom in the Levin). Finally, the staff in the Levin couldn't have been nicer to me during my stay ; genuinely kind people, all of them.	
Sep 17 2009 	idealy located well decorated and luxurious the Levin is topped with supreme service	my daughter just had to get at least a glimpse of London, and off we went for a few days. staying at the LEVIN definetly made my role as guide more attractive then ever. the service provided has just this touch more then just impeccable - it is pro-active without intruding. THANXALOT	
Sep 14 2009 	Ava made our stays delightful. No only if Le Metro was open.	This was our first trip to the Levin since it was L'Hotel. We stayed for three nights at the beginning of our three week trip in the UK, and one night before we flew home. The first three nights, we were put up in Room 24, a definite upgrade over the standard room. It's a lovely large room on the third floor (American count) overlooking the street. Everything as it was at L'Hotel was top notch from new decor, to amenities, to having a quiet night's sleep. During our second stay, we were in room 16 at the back of the building (my first time there). Very quiet, but ugly view (if you peer behind the sheer curtains).The staff was wonderful - holding our bags both times as we arrived unusually early (first because of a super quick transatlantic flight, second because we elected to drop off the luggage before returning the rental car). When we formally checked in - our bags were waiting, and our rooms were turned out properly.I have only two nitpicks about our stay. First the new air conditioning system is unusually noisy. We alternated between having it on and turning it off at night. If you're okay opening the windows and having a little street noise - it's a better solution for good air circulation. The second issue was Le Metro. I love Le Metro and enjoy my breakfasts there (and the occasional dinner). Unfortunately on 25 August Le Metro experienced a flooding problem and wasn't open. It was still being repaired upon our return on 8 September. Instead we had to take breakfast at the sister hotel, The Capital down the street. This was less of an enjoyable experience. Their range of continental items was small, and on our last trip - there weren't enough tables for breakfast, and after waiting in the bar for about 15 minutes, we were given breakfast there - but with little service. We had to ask for everything - food, cream, tea. A bit of a hassle. Plus I expressly don't stay in hotels like the Capital because I hate the atmosphere of these kinds of pretentious places.	
Sep 2 2009 	Delightful surprise in Central London	I stayed here with my son, having found it at the last moment. The room was very nicely decorated, the bathroom amazing, all the amenities were the best. Service was top-notch. It's half a block away from Harrods and Sloane Street, location couldn't be better. But it's also very quiet and you can get a good night's sleep. The restaurant is quaint and has very nice food.	
Aug 25 2009 	My one and lonly choice in LONDON	Greetings from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia... It was very nice experience during my stay with the Liven hotel, I was totally impressed with every thing starting from the location, luxury, room, staff, cleanness and smiley face every where.  No doubt, The liven hotel will be the only choice for me in my next visits to London and I will do recommend this hotel to all my friends and relatives whom looking for oasis of Luxury at Knightsbridge, London. Mr. Harald , Ava and Martin. your help and cooperating were much appreciated.	
Aug 11 2009 	A VERY EASY PLACE TO STAY	An excellent hotel with easy access to all amenities &amp; all parts of London, Reasonable, Clean, Friendly, accessable.What elss does anybody wants.When one is in London, One is out most of the day all you one need a comfortable hotel like LEVIN to make the trip worthwhileA. MESHKAT	
Jul 5 2009 	I have found my london hotel	I travel very often to london for business and need lots of special requests from the hotel to conduct my meetings in-house. The suite at the levin was perfect, but even more so was the amazing and attentive service from Harald and all staff. All my local guests commented on what a wonderful hotel this was! I felt like a guest staying at a friends place, as a female traveling alone this is a perfect base. Beautiful sophisticated decor, large bathrooms, friendly staff, right on the doorstep of harrods and Harvey Nichols and Hyde park. I will only be staying at The levin for future london visits, but need to book early!	
Jun 30 2009 	Perfect romantic getaway in the centre of London	Brilliant little boutique hotel next to Harrods.My wife and I loved the interior decoration of both rooms and common parts.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and made us feel really welcome.Would definitely stay again and highly recommend it.	
Jun 17 2009 	Can I give it a six!!!!!	My title says it all, this is perhaps the best hotel I have ever stayed in all things considered. We were greated on arrival by the night porter and checked in within 1 minute and in the room in 2 mins. The room was spacious, bright and very comfortable. The bathroom was a little smaller than normal but very clean and had a large bathtub. Breakfast was plentiful, very tasty and is served all day! The location is excellent yet it was the quietest hotel I have ever stayed in, in a large city. Tube about 30 secs awayTo top it all the managment gave us a bottle of champagne as we were celebrating a special occasion. Check out was smooth and the staff were excellent.I really cannot prasie this hotel highly enough - its not bad having Harrods as your corner shop!!	
Apr 29 2009 	A hidden gem!	How lovely to be able to stay in a luxury boutique hotel in the heart of Knightsbridge! Staying at The Levin is a wonderful experience , the great location allows you to shop until you drop and then escape to the sophistication and calm of the hotel and your room where you can relax and prepare your own champagne cocktail from the minibar! The staff are very friendly, helpful and attentive in all areas of the hotel including the restaurant. The Levin has been decorated beautifully with individuality in mind!	
Apr 26 2009 	"Location Location Location.....and Great Service too!!!"	My husband and I just returned from a week in London. We stayed at &quot;The Levin&quot; Hotel and we are already looking forward to our next visit to the UK! The manager Harald and his staff were FANTASTIC, the rooms are impeccable, the hotel restaurant &quot;Le Metro&quot; has great food (the dill dip on salmon is AMAZING), and you cannot find a nicer hotel in a better location (right next to Harrods!!!) Anyone considering a trip to London should absolutely choose &quot;The Levin&quot;!!!! - Mr. &amp; Mrs. M. Al-Hussainy, USA	
Apr 26 2009 	The Best exclusive hotel in London	a nice quiet and discreet hotel in the heart of London with a friendly staff, responding to all professional demands, a real treat for people who travel a lot and want to have a good rest in a refined environment	
Apr 19 2009 	The Levin Hotel is a true oasis in the heart of London bedlam	What a find! I was very fortunate to be recommended The Levin Hotel by a friend and its chic, intimate environment didn't let me down. The rooms are divine and very spacious, especially for London, with the most helpful and welcoming staff. Every aspect of boutique hotel comfort is provided with the warmth and quite of the environment feeling more like staying with a friend (a friend with excellent interior design taste) and being only minutes from the best shopping in London the hotel couldn't be better placed.	
Mar 31 2009 	Close to perfection	We stayed for 2 nights last week The deluxe double was divine with frette linen and every comfort one could wish for. My only niggle was that there was not a shower attachment to the bath to enable you to wash your hair without standing up!!Breakfasts freshly cooked and really excellent, pre-theatre supper perfect. and the staff were 1st class and welcoming . Nothing was too much trouble. Very personal service. Would have no hesitation in staying again. The manager, Harald was on hand at all times but never imposing. A Delightful hotel in a great location	
Mar 7 2009 	Perfect rooms very nice and complaisant staff perfect location!	Once I am in London again The Levin is the hotel I am booking again. Perfect servicing, helpful and very nice staff. Clean and tidy rooms. Great meals. More than perfect location - just next to Harrods.	
Jan 22 2009 	The Levin London: Excellent	Date: January 22, 2009Reviewer: Miroslav Pivoda, Czech Republic, Professor at Bernelli University (m.pivoda@gmail.com)We (I and my friend Majka) arrived to London by the airplaine from Prague, Czech Republic. The purpose of our visit was sightseeing of London. It was easy to get to the hotel as it is located close to the Victoria Coach Station, and also next to the London Underground station (The Knightsbridge). We spent 4 nights in The Levin, in a double bed room. Well, it was not a cheap trip for us but the hotel price corresponds to quality. We were very satisfied with the accommodation as well as food in the hotel restaurant. During the post-Christmas sales, we also visited &quot;Harrods&quot; which is located around the corner.	
Jan 14 2009 	There's no where else	My wife and I have stayed at the Levin and its predeccessor for the last fifteen years or so, it has become our place in London. The Levin is comfortable quiet and with great service all held together by the ever smiling Harald. Downstairs the Metro is a great place for breakfast or drinks and food later.	
Dec 22 2008 	My London Home.	I found the hotel almost by accident about 6 years ago when I had popped in to the restaurant for a quick lunch. When I went looking for the ladies loo I found the hotel upstairs. I loved the look and the feel of the hotel and on my next trip to London a few months later I stayed there. At that time it was called&quot; L'Hotel &quot;...very charming and a little bit quirky, but always amazing service. My husband and I and our daughters have never considered staying anywhere else in London on our subsequent visits.Harald Duttine is the most wonderful manager and a total asset to the hotel...............always so helpful and charming. The location is fantastic and since the refurbishment the hotel is amazing ..............luxurious without being over the top and sooooo comfortable in all respects. I have had a lot of experience in all sorts of hotels here in Australia as I work in the conference industry and the Levin is fantastic from all points of view.	
Dec 8 2008 	I Love The Levin!	I stayed at the Levin the first time by coincidence , and then the second and third by choice. The location is great , close to the shopping and restaurants at Knightsbridge , you basically walk to everwhere from the levin. But the most important is the comfort that I get at this charming small hotel , the rooms are modern and beautifully furnished , with all the little luxuries .The breakfast is delicious. But the unbeatable asset of this little gem is the friendly and professional staff who attend to every need and make sure I enjoy my stay . They really try their best to make me feel at home , the only problem is because it is only 12 rooms ( which is really its plus) , I have to book early enough to make sure I find availability, so far I have been really lucky, even on a short notice!! I go more often to London now , and part of my looking forward to my trip , is staying at the Levin.	
Nov 25 2008 	The Jewel in the Crown	As a frequent visitor to London for many years I can assure you that there is no Hotel in London to equal The Levin in every aspect.Convenience, Comfort, Charm - they have it in Spades.Anyone who finds it otherwise is surely not a &quot;Seasoned Traveller&quot;.I cannot wait to go again.	
Oct 25 2008 	love harrold	The total package of this small and charming hotel is just what makes me feel safe and comfortable when on business alone in London. The staff are very helpful and friendly and Harrold is a star who always makes me smile!The in house bistro again is small with a great menu which is available all day. I will never stay any where else in London.	
Oct 18 2008 	Checked out after one night	I had the unfortunate experience of staying at this hotel for one night at the end of a two month trip around Europe. Prior to making my booking for a deluxe room for three nights, I emailed them directly and requested that I be above the first floor and not on Basil Street. I was quite clear in that I would prefer to stay somewhere else if this could not be accomodated, and I gave them three months notice and was assured it would not be a problem.Upon arrival, I was shown to (you guessed it) first floor facing Basil Street. The room was extremely noisy and I immediately rang reception and attempted to explain my concerns. The manager, when asked about the noise, explained in a patronising tone that 'you must have the windows open'. His manner was impatient and annoyed from the start and he told me there were no other rooms available and although they had assured me they could accomodate my request in the email..they did not 'guarantee' it.I went straight to the Hilton on Park Avenue and looked at a room, same price but not as cramped and minus the noise. Upon my return I advised the Levin I would be checking out the next morning. Surprise, surprise..there was suddenly another room available on the second floor. Upon looking at the room though it was also noisy and inadequate and I advised them I still intended to check out as they ad been dishonest. They then told me I had to pay for two nights. I strenously argued the point and they finally agreed to one night only. (It was extremely difficult to get them to agree to this, and I am not a person who generally makes these types of complaints)I then went to my room and noticed the heat was overwhelming and rang reception and was advised that the heating/cooling was not working and a technician was looking at it as we spoke. The airconditioning was not fixed, so the room was stifling all night...the breakfast was basically (stale) cereal and toast (why they insist on keeping cereals in open topped jugs I will never know - should be airtight) and upon checkout when I asked about the airconditioning in the room I was told that they were still trying to fix it.Not good enough for the price I paid for a deluxe room, and to top it all off, the manager told me I was very hard to please, and when I disputed this, he rolled his eyes at me!!! This is absolutely not the case as I stayed in 8 hotels in five countries over two months and this was the only hotel I checked out of prematurely. I had previously stayed in the SOHO Hotel in London in an earlier part of my trip and base2stay, so my hotels were a mixture in cost as I wanted a bit of both worlds, but all other hotels were courteous and lived up to my expectations. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL, if you want less expensive, BASE2STAY is excellent, if you want expensive and class all the way..go to the SOHO HOTEL...	
Oct 15 2008 	Charm and class	As a food and travel writer I have to be very impressed to write a review for a public platform such as this one. My all-too short stay at The Levin, however, was of such a quality that I am compelled to let everyone know. Apart from its brilliant location next to Harrods, it is a boutique hotel of such quality and charm that it simply should not be missed. I was very impressed with the hotel manager Harald Duttine. I suggest visitors take time to have at least a Martini at their Metro brasserie and bar. The food at the Michelen star Capital restaurant at their sister hotel next door is top drawer, too.	
Jul 9 2008 	great hotel	on check in ( after a direct service flight from sydney in first and limo service to the levin i was anticipating a great start - they gave me the ground floor room at the back - they said they were fully booked , but i complained and they located me to the first floor overlooking basil street - from that moment on the levin lived up to its reputation as being a outstanding boutique hotel delivering first class service ,great food ( breakfast was outstanding ) and above all - restrained and not pretentious . loved it !!	
Jul 8 2008 	nice small hotel	The location of the hotel is quite, yet close to buses and tube station.The staff is very friendly. The room is very clean and tidy, although little bit small.Will definitely stay in this hotel when in London next time.B.Wong &amp; L. LiuSydney, Australia	
Jun 30 2008 	Fantastic small hotel-Great service	We stayed at the Levin on the last night of a European vacation celebrating our 20th wedding anniversary. The hotel is small (12 rooms) but charming and modern. The staff is professional, personable and very knowledgeable. We were upgraded to a junior suite without asking and they arranged for a car to the airport. The suite had two flat screens, a separate siiting area, and an IPOD docking station. The bed was large and comfortable and the bathroom was spacios with a twel warming rack. (fyi, the pictures on the websites are very accurate)The restaurant which is downstairs is very good and the fish and chips were excellent. The hotel is centarlly located within walking distance of major shopping including Harrods and tourist attractions such as Buckingham Palace. It is also very close to the subvway or &quot;Tube&quot; We will stay at the Levein again on our next trip to London.	
May 15 2008 	Great hotel with the best "fish 	We acutally stayed at the Capital Hotel next door (posted a separate review). Both hotels are under the same management. I used the bistro at the Levin everyday for breakfast and dinner. The food and service was first class and nothing was to much trouble for the staff. The rooms are amazing too and I will be back in October, here or at the Capital hotel.	
May 13 2008 	The Jewel Of Knightsbridge!!!	Chic, contemporary, discreet...this haven on the door step of Harrods is your perfect London tonic. The rooms ooze quality and style all entwined with the latest of today's little luxuries such as a Champagne Bar, heated marble floors in the bathrooms, IPOD docking station, Flatscreen TV, feature lighting all on dimmers... I was fortunate enough to be upgraded to a deluxe room which even has a choice of two luxury toiletry brands displayed in a fabulously spacious bathroom.Le Metro, the brasserie of The Levin offers dining all day and an individually priced breakfast menu all of which is exceptional value - and I have to say its a first to see this in a 5 Star London Hotel!!!Its a must, though be warned... it is HIGHLY addictive....	
May 1 2008 	Great rooms fantastic location! Stay at the Levin!	We found The Levin on TripAdvisor. Two weeks before our trip, it suddenly rose to the top of the London rankings because reviews had just been posted. Apparently, it just re-opened around December 2007; it had been a different hotel previously. Since we booked last minute, we got a great deal.Even without the excellent rate, this is a great hotel. I could see Harrods from my window, so it was only a 2-minute walk to the Knightsbridge tube. The rooms are a really nice size, especially for a London hotel, and they are beautifully outfitted: flat screen TV, Bose radio, marble bathroom, etc. I have not seen this before, but you get a card with your key that turns the electricity off when you remove it to go out for the day. What a brilliant way to save energy!This hotel has a lot going for it. Being smack in the middle of Knightsbridge, it is convenient to shopping and dining, and just the walk up Basil Street is quite lovely. It's a quiet residential neighborhood, so you don't get a lot of city noise. The rooms are quite posh with decent storage space and, as I said before, I couldn't believe how spacious they were for an older London building. It is rare to have so much room to walk around; we didn't trip over the furniture or our suitcases! Bathroom is lovely and has nice toiletries; my only difficulty was trying to hang my towel back up on the rack, which appeared to be heated but which I could never get going. My kids were very impressed with the sinks! Full English breakfast was included in our room rate (and was very nice!), but even the Continental breakfast choices were lovely. Truly, this hotel offers a lot of value (in a lovely package) for the money, even at these current exchange rates for the American dollar.I have a few suggestions regarding your stay. First, if you are a light sleeper, try to get a room above the first floor, where we stayed. I could hear a little noise from the lobby (but since there is no bar and the lobby is quite small, it was really minimal - I'm just a really light sleeper). Also, if you are a light sleeper, ask for a room that doesn't overlook Basil Street (again, this is a very mild comment - just some trucks presumably going to Harrods and picking up trash in the mornings). Also, the front desk staff did not seem as knowledgeable about London or happenings as you might expect at a nice hotel. (This is not a tremendous surprise - the last time I stayed in Sloane Square at the now-renovated hotel there, their idea of a concierge was a young man with a phone book.) They seem to be new (as is the hotel) and they do have phone access to the concierge next door at the other property (The Capitol - a more-established hotel), but I was given the wrong information about the changing of the guard one day. If you know what you want to do in London, there is no problem, but I'm not sure that I would rely on them for ideas or little brochures as at some more tourist-oriented hotels. This being said, however, they are extremely eager to help and will use the computer at the desk to access the Internet and get you whatever information you require. They may simply need some time to learn more about the city.Lastly, I just want to mention to travelers with families that ours seemed to be the only children in the hotel (our kids are 7 and 9). This was is in no way a problem, and they were treated well by the staff, especially by the breakfast staff (pots of hot chocolate were a nice treat). This is a nice hotel with lovely decorating that seems to cater to a sophisticated traveler, so if your kids are used to a more Disney-like atmosphere, this is not it. However, if your kids are seasoned travelers and know how to be quiet in the hallways and lobby, you will enjoy having a bit of extra space that these generous rooms offer.Please consider that these above comments are quite mild and meant to be helpful to potential travelers, not critical.All in all, we had a wonderful stay at The Levin and would certainly return.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great Find!	My daughter and I stayed at the hotel from Feb 18th-21st. We booked though the Crown Collection and our package included continental breakfast daily, 1 pre-theatre dinner and a private car to or from Heathrow.The location was amazing! Harrod's was steps aways, Harvey Nichols was around the corner. The Knightsbridge tube station was 1/2 a block away and bus stops right there too.The room was large for London standards and while the bathroom was quite small it was very modern and laid out perfectly. The housekeeping was excellent. The room was spotless and cleaned very well.The staff were all friendly, attentive and extremely helpful. This was our first time staying in a small, boutique hotel and we really enjoyed it. We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 3 2007 	Wow! Even better after refurbishment.	Wow!(again) We stayed at this hotel when it was L'Hotel and loved it. It was near Harrods, great cafes, restaurants etc. and we thought everything about it was super. We booked in again this year after the refurb and were stunned! I took photos to upload to the tripadvisor site and didn't need to. The pics in the brochure/website are EXACTLY as the room was. I felt as if I'd stepped into an oasis of bliss -the decor, lighting (top marks to the lighting designer) space, sound system, telly, bathroom, towels, robes, Molton Brown...everything, were spectacular. We love eating at Le Metro the little bistro downstairs, where breakfast is served every day. It isn't cheap, 235 pounds excl VAT but incl breakfast (special winter warmer rate for deluxe room)but we didn't care - it was worth every penny! Can't wait to go back - if we can get in...	
Oct 10 2007	A great find near Harrods	We recently had the pleasure of staying at the newly opened Levin Hotel with my somewhat elderly in-laws. We chose the hotel in large part due to its proximity to Harrods -- the entire trip revolved around my mother-in-law's shopping there. Also, we liked the idea that it was small and of course, new. We were very, very pleased with the size, decoration and amenities of the deluxe rooms we had booked. The beds were extremely comfortable.The bathrooms were also large. It goes without saying that everything was spotlessly clean and still had the new feel about it. But the best thing was the staff--they made car arrangements for us, recommended restaurants, brought us tea and/or wine, got us into a private club, and took care of my in-laws walkers, etc. Everyone was sincerely nice and attentive, and you felt as if they really cared about your experience there. Our hats are off to the charming Isabelle, the manager, and her friendly staff for making our 3 nights there just as wonderful as we had hoped. This really is a boutique hotel--no grand lobby, no bar, but a place where you can be well cared for and have a very comfortable stay.	
Nov 1 2009 	Bel hotel trop bruyant		
