Nov 18 2009 	Nice price nice location and great service	6 danish women went for 4 days of shopping i London and stayed at the Castleton hotel. It was an incredible nice stay. The rooms were perfekt, nice and clean - and the staff was so friendly and helpful. The costs were low. We definently consider comming back. The breakfast was typical english.	
Nov 9 2009 	Well worth a stay for the price cracking location	After reading numerous reviews on tripadvisor for the Castleton Hotel I decided to book for one evening prior to a flight from Heathrow the next day. On arrival I was greeted by a friendly gentlemen on reception and promptly booked in and guided to my room. The place although clean appeared to be a little old fashioned. Thankfully a lift has been fitted which appeared to be fairly new, useful considering I was a few floors up and had a large suitcase.I'd booked a single room and was glad to find the room I was allocated was in-fact a double room en suite. The room was a good size, it had recently been refurbished nicely with a lcd freeview tv on the wall and a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was very small, one of those self contained units you sometimes get in B&amp;B's fine for a quick shower and not much else.I had a decent nights sleep, no noise issues apart from guest noise that you would expect.Breakfast in the morning was much better than expected, full English was good but was not a proper full english just Bacon, Sausage, Egg &amp; Beans. The staff were very attentive and certainly were not discourteous which is what I normally find in London Hotels!Overall for the price I thought the Castleton was great, a little quirky but clean, good staff and decent breakfast. Well worth booking yourself in for a day or two, probably best suited for the solo traveller.	
Oct 30 2009 	Outstanding Value for Money	A few days before our trip to London I read that although tourism to England was down by 5% income from tourism was down only 1%. I can believe it because for anyone on dollars it is really really expensive!As Hotels are a major expense we had a very hard time finding something within the budget of a family of five but really lucked out be finding the Castleton a few steps from Paddington Station. Despite it being the cheapest place we found it left very little to be desired. While generally European hotel rooms are small by American standards the Castleton has a variety of room sizes. If you get there and are not satisfied we observed the hotel staff graciously changing a couples’ room to one that was larger.Besides the room being clean, adequate in size, relatively cheap, breakfasts reasonable and the hotel being in an amazingly convenient location the staff is an additional reason for choosing the Castleton. We’ve paid much more money for hotels and not encountered the caring and helpfulness given us by at least 5 different desk personnel. This doesn‘t mean that all had the same level of computer skills to help us with the Internet etc. but they all tried very hard to make our stay pleasurable.For example, waiting for our children to meet us in the lobby for our departure to Heathrow we were informed that they had hit a transportation problem and we wouldn’t be getting to the airport as early as we had hoped. On hearing this and seeing the anxious look on my wife’s face, the desk clerk, Ahmer (who had previously explained the cheapest way to get us to Heathrow) asked if we had e-tickets. When we said yes, within minutes he presented us with our boarding passes which meant we would have a much speedier check-in.Some tips: stay away from most of the restaurants between the Station and the hotel. Ask the staff where to eat around the hotel. Second London has become a transportation disaster. We had 5 various “diversions” which included getting on the tube and hearing the announcement that the station we wanted was closed! Buy the “Oyster” card – definitely cheapest way to travel and learn how to use the busses – while maybe not faster they sometimes were much more convenient and are cheaper than the tube.To sum up the Castleton Hotel – outstanding value for money.	
Oct 12 2009 	What a bargain in London!	I would give this hotel a 5 star review. I don't understand the lower ratings. I spent 6 nights at this hotel the last week of September. First of all, it is within walking distance from Paddington Rail (Heathrow Express) and Underground Stations. The room with a private bath was big enough and the bathroom was spotless. The English breakfast every morning was amazing and the service very friendly and helpful in the restaurant. The fellows at the front desk were VERY helpful and cordial to all. I would go back in a nanosecond. My rate was about $90 US dollars a night. You can't stay at the YMCA for that and they don't include a full breakfast. I have been to London 6 times over the years and this is one of the nicest if not the nicest place I have stayed. I have paid much more but this hotel far surpassed the more expensive ones. Ask for a room at the back--it was very quiet!I would recommend this hotel and know you would enjoy your stay. During my stay everything worked and I had absolutely no problems. Give it a try!	
Oct 12 2009 	Lost it a bit	This was my second stay at the Castleton and the way they have now done the bathrooms has lost it for me. They are just too small for comfort. Tiny towels too. The dining room is so cramped you can hardly move around and the food has deteriorated badly. We paid for full breakfast but they were short of bacon on one morning. Ho tomatoes or mushrooms on offer and horrid bread for the toast. Service was fine. Its clean enough (despite ongoing renovations)but prices elsewhere have come down and the Castleton is no longer the great value it once was	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent stay	Truly pleased with our choice of this hotel. We arrived very, very early (630AM) and were checked into our room immediately. Room was very simple, but was clean, comfy and met our needs. AC did not work but was tolerably cool. LIft had been installed but was down 3 days. There was some noise from the pub across the street, but didn't really bother us much. The location was perfect, truly a two minute walk to Paddington Station. Lots of food choices &amp; travelers supplies in one block. Breakfast was yummy, including cereal, juice, toast and full English breakfast, served in a lovely room by very nice staff. Desk staff was very helpful and even helped us figure out how to get from Wimbledon to Hampton Court via public transport, as I didn't have a computer. A cousin came to visit us and they were gracious to her and provided her with parking. One poor man even came up to our room and killed a wasp that had flown into our room. Now THATS excellent service!	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Place Great Value	great breakfast, flat screen TV, individually controlled AC, large modern lift, clean modern compact bathroom, nice toiletries, short three block walk to Paddington Station	
Sep 29 2009	very clean	We stayed for two days and were very impressed with the location. They were obviously in the middle of some updates/renos but were very tidy about it. Our room was clean and the bathroom was very clean. The only downfall was there wasn't wifi, but there was internet access in the lobby. The front desk man informed us that they were planning on having wifi within the month. The breakfast was good, served hot and quick. I would imagine it would get tiring after a while but for a couple of days it was a great way to start the day. We would definatly stay there again.	
Aug 16 2009 	staff and breakfast were good the room was less than expected	The staff and breakfast were very good at the Castleton, and the location was good. The room we had was not particularly clean, was very worn and there was mold in the bathroom.	
Aug 14 2009 	Good Hotel to Visit London	My stay at the castleton hotel was very nice. The double Room was small, but for only two persons was perfect. The room and the bathroom very clean and confortable, they cleaned the hotel all the days.We arrived at the hotel 3 hours before the check in and we left our lugage at the reception, we went to the city and then we was returned at the hotel and they gave us our room at 13.00 pm.All the 7 days the room was clean and they changed the towels all days. The room had one double bed, one closet, one table with two chairs and a TV screen wich had 5 chanels (all in english). The bathroom had a wc, washbasin and shower (They gave us shampoo, soap for the body and soap for the hands).The Staff was very nice and they didn't speak Spanish but they can understand us. The air conditioning didn't work (It was out of order) but in the room was a ventilator who was enough.The breakfast room had diferent tables and it near of the reception. The waitress was very nice and the breakfasts contained egg (scramble or fried), sausage, bacon, toast, hot chocolate or coffee or tea, cereals and orange juice.In resume, The Castleton Hotel is a very great place to stay in London. At only 3 minutes walking the Paddington tube and rail Station (circle, barkerloo, district and hammersmith and city lines) and 5 minutes walking to the Lancaster Gate tube station ( central line). The price is perfect and the room, staff and breakfast is great to stay only for some hours at the day (Bed and Breakfast). If I will return at London, I will stay at this hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Friendly welcoming helpful staff and great location	Traveling solo and out of Australia for the first time, I booked a few nights at the Castleton at the start of a three month holiday in England and Europe. Fantastic location, about a two minute walk from Paddington station (I had caught the train to Paddington from Heathrow Airport). Great location from which to explore London - Hyde Park a couple of minutes walk and access to everywhere either walking or via the Tube. Immediately felt very welcome. Staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful, providing me with London and Tube maps, suggesting places of interest, etc. Was always greeted by a friendly face each day and staff took time to chat about my sightseeing adventures. Full buffet breakfast, more than I could ever eat and very friendly and helpful kitchen staff. Very clean and comfortable room with double bed. On returning from Europe at the end of June I chose, without hesitation, to stay here for another few nights before returning to Australia. On my return I was greeted like an old friend and felt very at home. New rooms had been opened up on my return and a lift installed.	
Aug 6 2009 	Ownership changed!	In 2006 I stayed there and vowed not to return. However, my friends were staying there in June 2009 and I decided to give it another try. The same person was working at the front desk and welcomed me by name. He quickly explained to me that the old owners have moved on and that the new owners are installing a lift, and air conditioning/heating units in the rooms!!!A lot of improvements have been made and it is still one of the cheapest places to stay in London. Breakfast was excellent. The location is fantastic....Paddington Station a block away, good restaurants nearby. Definitely recommend it.	
Jul 27 2009 	Tiny room no elevator nor aircon	This hotel is nicely located, metro is about 400m away and you can walk to Hyde park and Marble Arch. There is a bus tourist company which drives just behind the corner. But nothing else can be recommended. Hotel is small and our room at the highest floor was smallest we have ever been to. It felt like the wall would fall on us. And because we were on top floor, of course there was no elevator working that time. Maybe it was under construction because there was some renovation going on at some other floors. Stairs were narrow too. Aircondition wasn`t working either. There was not much help of the small window. Room has been renewed lately, but it felt like beeing in a c-class cabin in cruise ship, unfortunately. Breakfast was so and so, some day they were out of some of their basic products. Staff was friendly both in reception and breakfast room.If you are interested in this hotel, make sure that aircon is working and you get bigger room than what we got. We won´t go there again.	
Jul 25 2009	Great location and value	Arrived early and desk staff watched our luggage and placed it in the room for us while we went out. We had a med. sized ground floor room. Some noise due to the stairwell being right outside the door. An elevator is being put in off the lobby but was not yet operating. 24 hour desk service. Nice flat screen TV in the ,although furniture could have been improved, a lot of wasted space, the beds were comfortable. Compact but modern en-suite, Not that we needed it but a/c had an &quot;out of service&quot; sign glued to the control. One window would not shut all the way ,luckily it faced an unused courtyard. Friend in a basement room which faced the street had to complain about the noise and smokers on the sidewalk outside of the hotel in the early morning hours. Desk staff should have dealt with this as they knew the room was occupied. Great location for Paddington Station and various tube lines. Would certainly stay here again as it was a huge improvement over the B &amp; B, just around the corner, I stayed in during a prior visit to London.	
Jul 9 2009 	breakfast was tops	cheep clean perfect location would stay there again and the breakfast was bloody good	
Jul 6 2009 	Basic but spotlessly clean!	I booked this hotel as a budget hotel for myself and a friend to say in when visiting London to take in Blur in Hyde Park (who were amazing!). Anyway, I was worried as it was one of the cheapest hotels I could find and I didn't know what to expect (rats, bed bugs, etc!). Anyway on arrival I was very pleasently surprised. The front desk staff were friendly and the room, on the first floor was small but clean. The room itself wasn't perfect, very small and the window latches were broken but it was very clean and big enough for a couple of nights. The bathroom was amazing, an all plastic pod, really tiny prebuilt self contained bathroom! But it was big enough to wash in and thats really all you need. My friend did complain about the noise level while we were staying, I slept through it but I am a really heavy sleeper and whenever anyone passed our door to go up or down stairs it was like they were in the room. However if you are just looking for a place to lie your head and can cope with wearing ear plugs then it's not anything to worry about. Finally breakfast.... errm this kinda let the hotel down. The food itself was fine however the first day we were served by a male staff member who was rude, he mumbled to one of us about what we wanted and then tried to run off after only taking one order. It was clear his english wasn't very good but even so, he didn't actually try much. He then brought the wrong food, then when we asked for the correct food he still brought the wrong thing. Without one apology. The second day however we got a normal person who was actual good at there job and all was better! I thought the bad waiter was very, very funny! Extremely Faulty Towers, however those with less of a sense of humour may not have been amused! Anyway, overall it was great value for money, the food was decent and like I have said it was spotlessly clean and the desk staff were helpful and friendly. If you want some place cheap in the centre of London then I think you'd struggle to beat this.	
Jul 1 2009 	Pleasant experience	We stayed for two nights. Received a very friendly welcome the ensuite bedroom was compact (who goes to london to spend time in their room?? )but spotless, comfortable bed, tea &amp; coffee and colour tv, also a balcony which was a nice surprise. The breakfast was very good and freshly cooked. We thought it was a very pleasant change from the souless and expensive chain hotels we have used. and only 2 minutes walk from Paddington. Hyde Park is also very close by.We would definately stay here again Thankyou to the staff of Castleton Hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	good location and friendly front desk	Very convenient in distance to Paddington Station, in about 5 minute by walk. A couple of parking spaces available, seemingly with a reasonable overnight charge. British breakfast. Our room is clean but small and noisy, but not sure whether other rooms are the same. The front dest on the second night was very friendly and helpful. We checked out and left the lugguges at his deposit until we picked them up in the afternoon.	
Jun 8 2009 	fantastic value and unbeatable service!	this was our second stay at the castleton hotel and yet again the service we had was fantastic,i dont think you could get more helpful friendly staff,the location is superb and the rooms are always immaculate,thanks once again for a fantastic stay.	
May 12 2009 	Great Stay	Very friendly and helpful staff. Breakfast included: eggs, bacon, sausage, beans, toast, cereal. Rooms small but clean. No elevator, we lucked out and got room on 1st. floor. Close to Paddington station, some resturants and convience stores in area. Very good for the price. Construction going on at hotel but during the day, didn't bother us.	
May 6 2009 	Bed not delivered	Upon arrival, I was told that we could not stay in the hotel due to delay on the arrival of room furniture =bed. The Castleton hotel staff was very polite.We were offered to :- stay in a different hotel of the same category - have breakfast at the Castleton or at the other hotel.The arrangement we got was disappointing the first room we were offered was in the basement no shower, no window and dirty. The second room we were offered was also in the basement, but with a shower cabin in the room, a window to a laundry corner. We were told that as we were not this hotel guests that the best they could offer us.We did enjoy the English breakfast from the Castleton hotel.Hopefully the Castleton hotel is all refurnised by now.	
Apr 30 2009 	great reasonable rooms perfect location	i stayed four nights here and enjoyed every minute of it. coming from the new york area, small rooms don't really bug me, but those of you who need more space may feel a bit cramped.the bathroom was TINY, but usable and was the only real drawback to the room. rates are reasonable, the staff are all EXTREMELY helpful, and the location CANNOT be beat for tourism in london. it's one block from the Paddington tube station which will get you to every major area of the city in about 10-30 minutes.the building is undergoing some renovation so the internet isn't working in all the rooms but it will be, soon.absolutely will recommend this place to anyone and everyone i know who is travelling to london	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice stay	Stayed for 7 nights in a twin room. The room was very small and the bath extremely tiny, but it is London &amp; I was expecting this. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Very close to Paddington Station. This made sight-seeing a breeze! The breakfast was adequate. Good size portions, just no variety. After 4 days we got tired of the samething every morning. Construction going on while we were there but they only worked from about 8-5 and we were usually not at the hotel at this time anyways, so it did not bother us. I would not hesitate to stay here again!	
Mar 27 2009 	quaint	I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in March. It was a great stay. It is a 2 minute walk to Paddington tube station and is right next to many restaurants and an internet cafe. it is a quiet neighborhood but it is london, you take the tube everywhere anyways. The room was nice but there was no elevator (but they were putting one in when we were there). I enjoyed my stay here.	
Feb 19 2009 	Was well impressed	Location: Tres convenient. Near all the sights (Notting Hill, Picadilly Circus, bla bla bla) without actually being IN the circus. Couple of tube stops away from the hoopla. £6-8 in a taxi. Reception staff: great. Friendly, polite, professional, helpful and full of those wee tips which are so handy for the hapless tourist. Building: some building-work going on whilst we were there (installatiion of a lift.) Commenced about 9 am. Lovely building. Not unique though, (probably about 100 hotels in this street in the same vein with similar decor/layout.) Room: wonderful. We were impressed; better than we expected. Modern yet with a couple of nods to times gone by; compact but extremely fuctional bathroom, kettle, hair dryer, TV, etc. Breakfast: Cereal, then sausage, eggs, bacon, beans and toast.Very tasty. Moans: annoying pigens cooing and bleating ouside room from about 7am. Could hear stomping footsteps from fellow guests very clearly which was also annoying. Like, keep it down people.However this was nothing to do with this hotel in particular. All in all, great value for money. Really liked it. Stay here.	
Jan 12 2009 	Quite satisfactory	I went to the Castleton in July last year. We were staying in one of the newly renovated rooms with a (small) new bathroom containing all necessities. London is an expensive hotel city and the Castleton is among the more reasonably priced places. - Close to the underground and within walking distance of Oxford Street. - It was clean and tidy, the staff is exceptional - funny and helpful. Only but is the breakfast - better sausages and bacon would be really nice. Definitely worth the expences.	
Jan 2 2009	Excellent value cozy little nest great location	We picked the Castleton based on reviews by other Trip Advisor readers. It was a good choice. My daughter and I were in room 404, up on the top floor, for the week after Christmas and it was lovely and cozy, with a window over the front street that we could open and close as we liked to change the temperature in the room. (Someone else has posted a photo of it - rust color walls, nice window, &quot;space station&quot; bathroom with plenty of hot water, flat-screen TV, tea making supplies...). The beds(we had twin beds) were comfortable with warm thick comforters - which we didn't really need as the room was nice and warm. It was very quiet, except when our neighbors came home late in the evening and had trouble with their door (I suspect they were a little too inebriated to get the key into the lock - there are no deadbolts, by the way, just normal bedroom door locks, which is a little unnerving, but access to the Hotel is limited so we felt safe enough). We could also hear newcomers as they wheezed their way to the final landing outside our door with their luggage. The Hotel is entirely non-smoking, which is a huge plus.The breakfast was made to order (ask for the scrambled eggs, and the English bacon is a delight), with all the toast, juice, cereal, tea, coffee, etc., you want. The Breakfast Room was a pleasant start to the day - breakfast is served 7 to 9:00am, so if you go in there at 7:00 it is almost empty and quite pleasant and you can linger a while.All the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, giving advice as to transportation routes and shopping destinations. This hotel is a very short distance from Paddington Station, with transportation from there to everywhere. (The #7 bus will take you directly to the British Museum along the High Street (shopper's paradise - Soylent Green Is People!), and the Circle Line Tube will take you directly to the Albert and Victoria, Natural History, and Kensington.) No matter where you are in the city, if you spot a bus going to Paddington it takes you home again. We ate a huge breakfast every day, had tea and scones at the V &amp; A museum for a late lunch twice and a good sandwich at the British Museum a few times (you need more than one day for that museum), and had supper near the hotel (either a pasty bought over at Paddington Train Station or a pizza) and so freed up money to take a last-day-there tour out to the ruins at Stonehenge/ Glastonbury/ Avesbury (Anderson Tours, picked up and dropped off at the Hotel door - excellent, inexpensive tour in a mini-bus). There's a Marks and Spencer and another grocery store (plus several other shops - including one that sells Paddington Bear items) at the station, so you can get items to eat in your room if you'd rather not deal with any of the many nearby restaurants. (Our room cleaner must wonder, as every morning there was an empty quart of milk and an empty box of cookies in the trash even if we ate out that night. We fought jet lag with late night TV and cookies and milk!) The only negatives, and they are ~barely~ negatives in my book, are: 1) there are no phones in the rooms so if you don't have a cell phone you have to rely on messages left for you at the desk (they are very nice about that) and use the public phone halfway down the block for outgoing calls; 2) there is no lift in the building - again, this is barely a negative, except for the first day when we had to haul our luggage up four flights of stairs after an entire day on airplanes, trains, and buses. By the end of our week's stay we were bounding up the stairs with no problems; 3) there are only 4 TV stations; and, 4) that you eventually do have to leave - we stayed a week and wish we were back there right now.I am torn as to posting this - it really is a wonderful little hotel. I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting a quiet, peaceful room. Still, I'd like to keep it a secret so we can always find a room there. We arrived a few hours before check-in, but the desk clerk went ahead and let us have the room early as we were about out on our feet and it was freezing cold outside. They really are very nice folks - incredibly warm and friendly, and the staff make the hotel what it is.	
Dec 15 2008 	The Castleton Hotel was great	Like so many ,we looked for a hotel with central location and affordable for a family. We found it and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The breakfast kept us going till midafternoon. Our room was pleasant and clean. Really good restaurants just down the street. Exactly what we wanted. Would stay there again.	
Dec 3 2008	Keep it a secret....	I have just returned from a four day stay at the Castleton Hotel London and it was great. One of the best value for money options in London. Location is great, only a three minute walk from Paddington, with many tube lines and especially practical for Heathrow Express, which leaves from there. The rooms are no ballrooms (but who would expect that in London for this price and in this type of building?). My friend and I stayed in one of the newly refurbished rooms, which was lovely decorated and eqipped with a flat screen. I would recommend to request one of those when booking. The bathroom was indeed small, but functional and most importantly, the shower didn't only run drop-by-drop. The only small disadvantage we found was that all the lights in the room could only be switched on and off with one switch all at once. Maybe something can be done about that.... However one should consider that there is no elevator (again, not surprising in a former townhouse). Everything was very clean, staff was friendly and breakfast (which was included) was good and served in a half souterrain bright hall with antique chandeliers. Actually I'm stupid to share this experience with everyone, this will make future bookings even harder. We really loved our time there and my friend even booked herself in longer than planned, so I can really recommend it !!! But keep it to yourself....Gaby from Germany	
Nov 14 2008 	Superb	I booked the hotel in rush at the time, as I wanted to surprise my wife with a weekend up town. We had an excellent time, a fantastic hotel, with huge character, and very friendly and helpful staff.Very cosy, very comfortable, I am looking forward to going back!.	
Nov 12 2008 	To Be Avoided	I booked this hotel on the basis of reviews on this web site and am here to report that the place shold be avoided like the plague.The staff are rude, the rooms are tiny, with hardly enough room to fit a bed in. The 'bathrooms' are comparable in size and fittings to a toilet that you would find on an aircraft. The place was so bad that my girlfriend burst into tears upon seeing the room, with its rust coloured walls. The hallways had exposed pipework and electrical cables hanging from the ceiling. The breakfast consisted of bitter coffe and warm orange juice. The sausage was filled with grissle and was dreadful. Other than a hotel room I had in the New York district of Queen's, this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in and would urge all travellers to avoid.	
Nov 1 2008 	Clean and friendly	My daughter and I stayed for one night in October in a twin room and as always I like to get value for money. I feel that we got it. Decent sized room with very small funtional bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. The room was clean and the beds were comfortable. There was a kettle with tea,coffee, sugar and milk sachets. Also a flat screen TV on the wall.  The staff were very friendly and helpful and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Good hotel near Paddington station	I stayed here for one night costing £50 using venere.com. I was in London for the NFL game at Wembley and wanted the convenience of staying somewhere close to Paddington station so getting back to the hotel after the game was easy, and I could travel back home easily on the monday morning.The hotel is one block away from Paddington, about a three or four minute walk, so its very close if you're looking for a decent place near the train station.I payed for a single room which was very small, but I wasn't too concerned as it was only a one night stay. The room was clean and had a LCD TV with sky television. Not being a big hotel, the rooms are quite close together, therefore expect to hear a lot of noise when people are going in and out of rooms, shutting doors and going up and down the stairs etc.For the price I paid and the reasons I chose this hotel though it was more than adequate and was a nice end to my weekend break.	
Oct 14 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	Hotel accommodation is notoriously expensive in London so I was looking for something economical but with acceptable standards. I found and booked the Castleton online, reading previous reviews before doing so. I was pleasantly surprised that the accommodation was much better than expected - my room was not small and included tea and coffee making facilities which I hadn't expected. The room was tastefully well furbished. The young man on reception was most helpful in assisting my journey planning for the following days. The young lady serving breakfast was extremely pleasant and attentive - the traditional full english breakfast was delicious and enough to set me up for the day. The chambermaid was friendly and did a really good service of my room in my absence. I stayed for 2 nights at the Castleton at the beginning of this month. The proximity of Paddington tube station to the hotel is a bonus - just a two minute walk. I will certainly be using this hotel again when next in London. Well done.	
Sep 8 2008	Small but lovely	Had a great time in london staying at this very well located hotel.Staff were charming and even thougfh the room was small I had everything I needed.	
Sep 7 2008 	Superb a genuine surprise	I must admit I was nervous. My girlfriend and I were staying in London for the first time and took a gamble on the Castleton. We're glad we did. The hotel was small but superbly clean, the breakfast was decent and the waiting staff and receptionists were excellent. We were made very welcome, the room was well decorated and very clean and we were impressed with the whole stay. Well done, Castleton!	
Aug 3 2008 	Excellent value for money	The Castleton hotel has an excellent location, very near the Padington tube station, with quite a few restaurants and bars within a walking distance. Tthe staff is very warm, kind and helpful. Our rooms were fitted with new bathrooms, and were a bit tiny but very clean. The breakfast was a full English breakfast plus some additions, and we have enjoyed it very much. Also, we were worried about the noise from the street, but it was not actually an issue. We stayed for a whole week and were absolutely satisfied.	
Jul 14 2008 	Good value basic hotel close to Wembley	We arrived on a Saturday morning - check in is at 11.30am which was really useful. Myself and 3 friends stayed in the quad room which consisted of 4 single beds, with a small living area and a bathroom (toilet,sink and shower). The room itself was clean and tidy and the beds were comfortable. There we no tea and coffee making facilities and the room was a little dark (we were downstairs in the basement - although we did have a window) but i didnt expect it to be perfect at the price we paid.The hotel is really close to paddington underground station and has a great selection of little pubs and restaurants in the surrounding area. The reason for our stay was a trip to Wembley Arena - the hotel is great for this purpose and is only a few stops away on the tube (about 30 minutes door to door). Breakfast the next morning was good - a small english breakfast (bacon, sausage, egg and beans) with unlimted tea/coffee and toastAll in all I would recommend this hotel if all you need is a no frills convienent good value place to stay.	
Jun 30 2008 	Value for money	I stayed at this hotel for two nights 27th and 28th june, Ive stayed in far worse places and i think this hotel is value for money. i agree the rooms were small and amenities could have been better,.but as a budget hotel.it came up over my expectations.All the staff were very friendly and polite and really made me feel at home.The breakfast was superb.just what you need before hitting the london sights.Only complaint i have is there was no coffee/tea making facilties which were certainly required.	
May 14 2008 	Below average for price	This is a fairly cheap hotel in a convenient location close to Paddington Station and OK for a short stopover, but it's let down on basics I would still expect, even at their price.Main issues were - no clothes hangers at all, no hand towels, no sink plug in shower room, TV aerial socket not working.Since we were only there for a night and spent little time in the hotel I didn't complain to the management but that many defects should have been picked up without prompting.	
Feb 24 2008 	great value	I think its the best choise for budget travelers like me . Excellent location , near Hyde park and tube . Very friendly staff and average breakfast . Yes the rooms are small , and no lift !!!but who stays all day in hotel ???	
Jan 27 2008 	good basic hotel	plus points:very close to Paddingtonattentive, friendly staffsimple, clean room with (albeit small) en-suitegood, hearty breakfastquite handy for Hyde Parknegative: I stayed in winter, so it wasn't an issue but there's no ice making machine or air con no tea/coffee making facilities in room[but these are things you'd be hard pushed to find in any hotels in this price range]	
Dec 15 2007 	Wonderful staff	Ohh! wat a great experience it was. Very convieniently located, and well managed place. rooms are not great but the price i paid was fare to me so cant complain. very clean and organised rooms.i head that the new owners just taken over and planning to refurbish so i lookforward to go there. Breakfast i had was so good that i havnt had sort of for about years.The reception staff specially Mark and Prashan wonderful people and very friendly, thats wat you want end of the day after tiring days to make u laugh wonderfully.i would reccommend to any one going there. Very nice place!!!	
Nov 28 2007 	not bad- but not all that good either	the location of the place is fantastic - near both edgware road and paddington station. although its not an airport hotel in the true sense of the term, its very accessible to heathrow because of the rail connections from paddington (both heathrow xpress and heathrow connect). thats the reason i booked it. however, much to my surprise, there was no lift! we were given a room in the 3rd floor, which doesnt sound too bad, until you find out its up 6 flights of stairs!!! my bag was over 20kg. arriving and checking out when i had to go all the way back down again, were a nightmare! the hotel is actually a good one, but this sets it back a lot. they make an effort by putting toiletries in your bathroom, good level of cleanliness, etc. there was a restaurant that served breakfast but i was never awake early enough for it.... the people seemed nice enough and claim that they have done a lot of work to the place since they bought it over (new management recently). if you dont have a big bag or heavy luggage, i would recommend it for value-for-money accommodation in zone 1 in london, especially if you are travelling to or from heathrow.	
Aug 23 2007	Best Peopl	We love this hotel. Mr Fara and Jilla and the staff are friendly and helpful. Great location and price. Yes, the rooms are small and basic. Breakfast is good. Great location and safe. We have stayed here 4-5 times and will return.	
Dec 11 2006 	dirty and claims ignored	Dirty rooms, expecially the family one: almost impossible to get a shower. even in other rooms it is better to avoid to touch the shower tent.... black spotted. We claimed but with no result. Also, to be avoided 100%, don't give them your credit card nr. before your arrival... the 100% of the due amount will probably be debited immediately, and, if you claim. you just get back the 50% of it. bye	
Nov 28 2006 	Freezing water and complaint ignored!	Stayed 1 night on 23rd Nov 2006. Very very basic at best. Next morning, water was freezing cold. Reception said there had been an overnight plumbing problem. Left a complaint and a message for the manager to call me but they never did.	
Nov 11 2006 	Very nice hotel	The hotel is very nice, clean and quite. Upon arrival we were given quite a bad room, but it was replaced with a great room with balcony as soon as we requested. The breakfast is an English one and not continental. The location is great - 2 min from the train/tube station. We realy enjoyed our stay.	
Jan 27 2005	just about ok for the price	The only saving grace is the very cheap rates available for these rooms.The rooms are small. Beds are small and uncomfortable/lumpy. We hardly had enough room to open up our bags.decor was manky pink with bargain basement furniture.en suite leaves a lot ot be desired, with a walk in shower (i.e. no shower door/curtain) that floods the entire (miniscule) bathroom, a toilet that didn't flush properly and the toilet also kept running all night making an annoying noise.breakfast was poor (beans and rubbery bacon) but included in the price.The hotel is also quite hot and stuffy, and there is no lift, so you may have to struggle up a few stairs.We stayed here just as a really cheap option when we went to a gig in Hyde Park. It is ok but only as a place to rest your head for the night. Do not expect any miracles. You get what you pay for.please note my review relates to a stay in July 2004. This hotel is now undergoing refurbishment so I'd be intersted to see how much it improves.	
Jan 25 2005	Convenience with charm	We stayed here two years ago for a night enroute back to the States. The Castleton is just a few short blocks from Paddington Station, the hub for Heathrow Express as well as all the regular London Underground tube lines. I'll be staying here again for another transit night in a few weeks. Ask for any corporate discounts which may apply. It's an old building, but with helpful staff and clean rooms. Breakfast included. A real London bargain.	
Apr 1 2004	Avoid	No elevator. Room on top floor. Beds were lumpy.	
Nov 11 2009 	sin grandes lujos pero no esta mal		
Sep 10 2009 	Bien ubicado cerca del metro habitación pequeña baño enano		
Aug 20 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio.		
Aug 12 2009 	Moyen		
Jul 2 2009 	ottimo hotel		
May 18 2009	Ottima posizione e pulizia mini bagno		
Apr 16 2009 	Dommage que l'hôtel est fait du surbooking		
Dec 10 2008 	Hotel in zona molto comoda e centrale - per il resto ...		
Oct 9 2008 	tipico		
Aug 30 2008	LONDRES UNA CIUDAD INCREIBLE		
Aug 5 2008 	Bastante bueno		
Jul 7 2008	hotel tr?s satisfaisant!!		
Jan 31 2008 	Piccolo è bello		
Jul 31 2007 	terrible!!		
Jul 17 2007	Hotel correct		
Dec 14 2006 	Una opción razonable		
Nov 27 2006	Buena relación calidad-precio		
