Nov 17 2009 	Good quality for a good price	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The hotel wasn't expensive at all, it was clean they had a friendly crew and the rooms were big enough. We traveled with a disabled person, but because the hotel was very close to the DLR-station he was able to get to the underground very well. Good connection with the other underground lines. Breakfast was good except not much to put on your bread (no meat). One of our rooms smelled like smoke since previous visitors smoked in the room.	
Oct 13 2009 	Very good hotel and not in such a bad location	I got this hotel through bidding on Priceline, so I can't complain about the value, but when I first got the Priceline confirmation wasn't entirely happy with the location, as I had driven past that area many times.Once I was there I was more than pleased with the hotel, and the location is really not too bad. It's true that the part of Commercial Road by Limehouse Station is on the scruffy side, but I certainly wouldn't consider it unsafe and there is much regeneration going on. The hotel staff were helpful, the room a good standard and the complimentary breakfast was adequate. Before staying there I might have said that it was not a place for first time tourists, given its location, but transports links to the City and West End really aren't too bad. The Docklands Light Railway gets you to Bank in minutes (though there there is a bit of a walk between the DLR and other platforms), or if you prefer, the 15 and other bus routes (the 15 is an especially frequent service) get you to the City and West End. The N15 night bus also goes from Trafalgar Square to Commercial Road and beyond, so even night owls would have no difficulty getting back to the hotel without having to take a taxi. Just as long as you remember this area is not Knightsbridge there's no reason why it shouldn't be a base for both business and leisure travellers who apprciate a bargain.	
Sep 20 2009 	Fine value for money!	If you compare to what else you can find in London for the same price, then this hotel is great value for money. The rooms are large and clean, and the service is good. Yes, its far away from the center, but the DLR station is quite close (traveling time: 10 min by walk + 10 min per train). If you only stay in London for a weekend, then I would not recommend it, exactly because of the distance to London center. Then I recommend to pay a little extra for the hotel but then you could also skip the Metro 'traveling card'. I would definitely consider to stay here again, if I had to stay in London for a longer time, and/or if I was looking for a budget hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	skip it!	Ok.. yeah I know.. It's a holiday inn express not the Ritz but this place was pretty horrible. First of all not a good location, kinda sketchy at night. It was a good 10 minute walk to the TRAIN that connects you to the tube. Probably the most uncomfortable bed I have ever laid in, very noisy hotel. And the kicker was I had a close friend of mine call from Ireland, and when the woman at the front desk was talking to him about connecting him to my room she had the audacity to ask him how he knew me! SO RUDE!! But I guess if it is just for one night, its not a total waste. On the bright side, it's relatively clean, they do have continental breakfast that's not bad. I would not stay here again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent budget hotel	Wanted a decent budget hotel for a sightseeing weekend with my parents in London - clean, comfortable, close to the centre, but above all reasonably priced. Ambitious criteria, but I did my research, trawled through reviews here on Tripadvisor and elsewhere, and was satisfied that this place looked like a good bet. It was.The hotel is nothing to look at from the outside, but the rooms were smart, clean, comfortable and, being a Holiday Inn, completely characterless. The hotel is right next to a cement works and a busy highway but I was near the front, and with the window closed I wasn't disturbed. There's no restaurant, just a continental breakfast buffet (included in the price) and a bar in the evening, which was all we needed. Wireless internet was available, at a charge.Service was generally excellent on the few occasions we had need of it. I asked to move since the air conditioning didn't work and it was no hassle - I was in a new (cooled) room within ten minutes. (Fortunately they weren't fully booked).Location is a bit out in the sticks and not in the best area, either (we didn't have any problems, even though we were coming back to the hotel late at night - not sure I'd recommend it alone, though). However, it's five minutes' walk to Limehouse station where you can catch buses, or the DLR and C2C train, which zip you into Bank, Tower Gateway, Fenchurch Street Station, or in the other direction, Canary Wharf, the Isle of Dogs, Greenwich. You'll likely need to switch to buses or the Tube, but with some planning (the journey planner on the Transport for London website came in handy) you can get where you want to go relatively quickly.If you're in the mood for a stroll, as we were, you can pop across the road and walk along the river into Wapping, where you can find the Prospect of Whitby, reputedly London's oldest riverside pub and a charming place to have a few drinks on a summer afternoon.They do charge a daily rate (£10 when we were there) for parking in the hotel garage at the rear, but there's little alternative.Simple, efficient, relatively cheap. If you're just looking for somewhere clean and comfortable to sleep, not bothered about the area (it's not Mayfair) and don't mind a bit of a journey to get to anything worth seeing, you could do much, much worse.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great value	Very good for what it is. Handy for Canary Wharf and the east end. Bit of a trek to find anywhere decent to eat but as you are only paying £59 pounds worth it. Seems to be popular with budget tourists judging by breakfast.	
Aug 19 2009 	Solid basic hotel	My wife and I stayed here for seven nights on a recent trip to London for vacation. The hotel itself is just like any Holiday Inn Express you will find anywhere. The rooms are standard, with all of the basics and little frill. The bathroom facilities are good and the shower nice and strong. They have a &quot;bar&quot; in the lobby, which is open until 2am or later every night and has three taps and a decent selection of bottles beverages and liquor. This was a welcome sight when we got in around 12.30am after having been traveling for many hours. Plus, if you spent 7GBP at the bar, you get a one hour Internet coupon for free (you need to pay for wi-fi at this hotel)...so keep drinking and you Internet access will be free, at least that was the deal when we stayed.The staff at this hotel were very nice and helpful...my wife briefly took ill during our trip and they were very helpful and supportive, giving us all the care we needed and moving us quickly to another room when the AC in ours malfunctioned. The location is a little tricky. As others have noted, this hotel is not in central London, but a little ways outside, where you need to ride the DLR (light rail) to the Limehouse station. This is an easy exchange between the Tube and the DLR at either Bank (where the DLR trains run into the Tube station) or Tower Hill (where you leave the Tube, cross a road, and then go into the Tower Gateway DLR station). While the walk from the Limehouse DLR station to the hotel is quick when you know where you are going, it can be a little tricky to find if you don't map it out beforehand. Basically, leave the Limehouse station and find a grocery store on a corner right at the entrance/exit. Put that grocery store on your right and walk down that road, underneath an old railway bridge. Come to a cross street when this street ends, cross it, and then turn left. Keep walking for about three minutes and the hotel is on the right, right after a cement plant. You cannot see the hotel from the DLR station unless you know where to look, so plan ahead. If you head to central London from the hotel, check the Tube map ahead of time to see if it makes more sense to go to Bank or Tower Gateway, as different lines serve these two stations. Also, if you take the DLR in the other direction, you can hit up the Canary Wharf area, which is so much different then central London that you will think you're in a different place altogether, and other suburbs like Greenwich, which is a wonderful place to spent a day.All in all, this is a fine place to stay. You need to travel on the DLR (and then the Tube, most likely) to get to anything you may want to see in London or the surrounding area, but if you don't mind having a base a little separate from everything else, this is a fine such location.	
Aug 3 2009 	lovely hotel	Couldnt fault it , the hotel was very clean. The staff were so friendly, nothing was too much trouble they went out of there way to help you with directions, places to eat, anything.	
Aug 2 2009 	good value	the hotel is a great value, considering the rate is only 55 pounds per night per room. The location is a bit off the center, but to compensate, it's very close to the DLR limhouse station and the bus stop where u can catch the bus directly to the city center, the national gallery, St-Paul's Cathedral, London Bridge, Leicester square. The room is holidayinn express standard.	
Jul 14 2009 	Actually really very good - pleasantly surprised	Have avoided staying here in the past, no reason, it's just a bit out of town that's all.Regret it now, avoiding it that is, it's really very good, in fact for the price, it's noteworthy.The area isn't the best, but left out of the hotel, left at the lights, left at the next lights has a plethora of takeaways of varying quality, I chose the one that was full of locals and had a great meal for about £10, and also just here is the bus stop that gets you into the city or the west end for just £2 or £1 off the Oyster card.The front of the hotel is on the Highway and this is a busy road, and there is a cement works next door too, my room was on the front and I slept like a log with the window open, after about 10 at night it does go very quiet out there and I personally don't think it's a problem. Tha air con was close to silent and with the window closed there is no noise from outside at all.Be aware that tom tom calls the road (if you use the postcode) Ratcliffe orchard, this is correct and this is the tiny road at the side of the hotel, if you use a Tomtom POI to find it, you won't, it takes you about half a mile away up a dead end on the wrong side of the highway, but you can park there for free if you are brave enough.parking is £10 but worth it with a nice secure car park and good spaces.Staff are really good, very helpful indeed and the inclusive breakfast is better than most expressesI liked it, and I'm a bit picky about these things, the whole establishment incidentally was spotlessly clean.Will be going back!	
Jul 5 2009 	Pleased to be at the back of the hotel	Booked in for 2 nights in early July 2009 on what was the hottest day of the year (32 degrees). The hotel is right on a very busy main road just before the entrance to the Limehouse Tunnel. To one side is a cement works.Thankfully we were booked into a room at the back of the hotel overlooking an old factory site and I can say we heard nothing of the road noise or the busy cement works and with good aircon the room stayed cool throughout our stay.Room - clean and comfortable. Breakfast - standard Holiday Inn fare - coffee, cereal, toast etc.Parking - available but £10 per NIGHT.Underground - Limehouse on the DLR - 1st left and about 5 mins walk. Not the most centrally located in London and you will have to search near the underground station for restaurants but I'm guessing you will not be visiting London to see the delights of Limehouse!?Does the job as a base very well but try to get a room near the back of the hotel.	
Jun 11 2009 	no problems here good stay	Limehouse HIE was a pleasant experience. Rooms were normal HIE standard, very clean, well maintained. Best part as ever was the complimentary buffet breakfast. Very slight complaint was the fact the TV list was slightly wrong! (No Sky Sports News as advertised).	
Jun 8 2009 	Cliche but you get what you pay for	Pros: Hotel is relatively accessable to DLR, cheap, and not far from central london by public transit.Cons: Technically 'nonsmoking' hotel, but was just converted to such. My room smelled heavily of smoke, and it was very noisy outside when I opened the window to help air it out. Room has minimal amenities. No nearby restaurants or food options.	
May 31 2009 	Terrible Service	Please avoid staying at Holday Inn Express - London Limehouse. It has terrible service.. The indifferent staff makes the experience of stay horryfying. Not only are staff rude but also the house-keeping is poor. Owned by Splendid hotels, this property should be avoided at all cost. It does not fit to be an Intercontinental prpoerty..	
Apr 19 2009 	Great Hotel	I've stayed here twice now. I've gotten a great rate of about $40/night on Priceline. It's a little outside of the city, but if take public transportation then it's easy to get to. From Heathrow airport, take the underground Picadilly line and then transfer to the District line at one of several stops. Get off the District line at Tower Hill and transfer (short walk) to Tower Gateway to pick up the DLR. Then take the DLR to Limehouse. You can see the hotel from the DLR track. If you are traveling on a weekend, then some of the underground lines may not be working, but the Picadilly line usually always works, so take it to Picadilly Circus and then take the 15 bus to Limehouse. The hotel is always clean and the staff are really nice. They can help you book tours if you like. They also rent out converters if you forgot yours. The breakfast is continental with cereal, breads, jams, yogurt, and fruit. It will get you through the day. There is a computer downstairs with Internet access if you need it, it costs 2.50/hour.I would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 1 2009 	Excellent choice for a short stay in London if you get a deal on the price.	For little more than 40 GBP (including breakfast for two) this is a gem of a find (we booked through Hotwire). Typical Holiday Inn Express features, including an excellent breakfast, though it was somewhet marred by a TV set tuned to Sky News. The location is well to the east of central London but reachable very quickly by rail, or even the trusty number 15 bus which makes its stately way right through the city and west end for the price of 1GBP (with your obligatory oyster card).Service came with a smile, and everything was as it should be for a HIE.Yes, it's right next to a cement works, but that was no big deal. More importantly the hotel is handy for public transport, and there are many restaurant choices nearby - try Brick Lane for curries, or a fine old historic pub, The Grapes. Limehouse itself is an old east end community which has seen a lot of upheavals since the demise of the docks, so here you will find a mix of old and new - it's not the most genteel of neighbourhoods, but it's fine for those who want to get a feel for the real London as well as tourist London.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great location easy tube access via DLR great breakfast nice people	My wife and I stayed here for a week in late March. We got this hotel on a Priceline deal (still they included the free breakfast for all guests). The hotel is in a residential area with a cement factory next door. Don't let the cement factory bother you, it didn't bother us at all (very little noise and doesn't detract from hotel at all).If you are looking for an inexpensive hotel in London with easy access to the tube, you've found it. The DLR Limehouse station is FIVE MINUTES walk (not further as some have suggested). It takes you to Bank station or Tower Gateway (my preference, but both are fine). From there you can catch tube lines that will easily connect you with any site in London.The room we were given had double beds, was small (but not exceptionally so for European standards), had maybe 15 television stations, a desk, no closet (but a small place to hang clothes), and a good bathroom. The walls are thin in this hotel, but fortunately, it wasn't full and the guests staying there were quiet.What I liked:*Breakfast! Complimentary juice, coffee, pastries, cereals, yogurt, fruit, and cheese served 7-10 weekdays in a spacious dining area.*Location. For the price, you can't beat it.*Access to local pub and dining. There is a good pub next to the DLR Limehouse rail station. There are two good restaurants nearby (Italian and Indian), both about five minutes walk and next to one another. Tip: Order the house red wine at La Figa (perfect and inexpensive).*Soft bed. If you don't like soft beds, you may not like this place.*Free newspaper in reception daily.What I didn't like:*Rooms were a bit smaller than I would have liked, but not too small. You won't spend much time in rooms anyway.*TV station choice is limited.*Internet access is expensive. They charge nearly 17 pounds for 24 hours of access, which now must be used up in 48 hours. They used to let you keep your 24 hours for your entire stay and use it as you liked, but have now changed that. NO GOOD! Just go to Leicester Square and use one of the many Internet stations there for 1 pound an hour.I would stay here again if on a budget. It is a good hotel with a great location. If you have some extra money, then maybe you would prefer to stay elsewhere, but for someone with middle-income tastes, it is fine.Extra tip: The TKTS booth in Leicester Square is excellent and the lines are nowhere near as long as in NY. We bought three plays, got great seats to two of them, and never bought tickets before 2:00 in the afternoon for the same day, so no need to que in line earlier.	
Mar 12 2009 	Good location but thats about all it has going for it	Upon arrival I could not gain entry to the car park and had to park outside the front door. Upon checking in my Barclaycard was declined but a phonecall to Barclaycard revealed there was no problem with the card or account and it was a problem at the hotel end, the hotel staff said there wasnt. eventually got checked in, paid £16 for wireless internet which worked in the reception area but not the room. The eating area had all the ambiance of a factory canteen and there was no food being served, the staff recommending me to chinese in the nearby downmarket neighbourhood or a takeaway. I sat at the bar for ages without being served while staff walked past, eventually had to go and get somebody to serve me. The beer tasted off, made me ill and I stuck to bottles the next night. For breakfast I stood there for ages waiting for my toast to be done only to discover the toaster wasnt actually plugged in, tried the 2nd toaster, and again, and again, and again and eventually found a couple of slots that did heat the bread. There was a cement factory next door, the walls were paper thin, the batteries for the TV remote were flatApart from location (close to DLR) I really can't recommend this hotel in any way shape or form,	
Feb 20 2009 	Another Holiday Inn Express	I stopped at this Holiday Inn because I could not stop at my usual hotel in the West End as it was full. I have stopped at this hotel before and apart from its location (but it is near a DLR station) the hotel is what it says it is a Holiday Inn Express.As always, my room was clean, breakfast is a continental style and the bar shuts at 12.00 midnight, but hey it’s not somewhere to stop if you are after a “hotel” experience.Would I stop there again, why not?	
Feb 10 2009	Actually very nice for a Holiday Inn Express	Came to this hotel for a group trip with some friends from highschool. The group we were with were very loud and annoying to other guests but the staff couldn't have been nice to us anyways!! It was a great location right near the subway and honestly was the best hotel we stayed in during the trip. If any of the staff read this...sorry for being so loud, we really didn't mean it!!! Definitley stay here...top notch!!	
Jan 30 2009 	Lovely stay would recommend and stay again!!!	For a basic hotel - it's a Holiday Inn, after all - I have to say Holiday Express at Limehouse really does deliver. I stayed in Room 313 and it was clean, warm and comfortable, had all necessary amenities (coffee-making facilities, mugs, hairdryer, TV, writing desk, good desklight) and even a couch. The staff were all great - helpful, friendly, and offered me free internet on their own computer when the one in the lobby was not working. The continental breakfast was also good and very comprehensive - rolls, croissants, toast, yoghurts, fruit, cheese and cereals. My point is that this is a truly affordable hotel in London which gives you a truly pleasant stay. So much of London charge you the sky and offer you so little; this hotel is definitely a different experience. I just hope they keep it affordable and do not raise the prices too much!	
Jan 5 2009 	Does what it says on the tin	we needed a room in this part of London to attend a party locally. The hotel is standard for its type, clean, pleasant staff and very close to the DLR for transport into the centre of London. The breakfast is Ok - probably nothing more but at £52 for a room for two with breakfast this is very good value indeed in my book. If that is what you want that is what you get. Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 24 2008 	Superb option near the City or Canary Wharf	Superb value for money. Hotel is located a 2 min walk from the DLR at Limehouse, which is midway between the city and Canary Wharf. The hotel is the standard Express fare, clean, comfortable, reasonably spacious and with free continental breakfast included in the rate.Was allocated a room on the 2nd floor, in a wing away from the main road so hardly heard a thing during the 4 nights I slept here.Staff are friendly, and as an added bonus as a priority club member, you benefit from speedy check in and a complimentary newspaper each morning.The only downside is perhaps the lack of dining options in the area, but Canary Wharf is only 2 stops away and so is the City, so options aplenty here.Excellent value for money!!	
Nov 18 2008 	A good value hotel for London	We got a cheap deal for this hotel on Hotwire. We were only visiting London for one night and this hotel did the job perfectly. Its not in the nicest area of London granted, but in terms of value for money its much better than some of the city centre hotels i have stayed in. The DLR is only a ten minute walk away so travel into the centre is not a problem. The rooms are modern and very clean and the complimentary continental breakfast is a nice touch. Would definitely stay here again for a short stay in the capital.	
Nov 6 2008 	Bad hotel or was it just a bad day?	I booked a non-smoking room and received one non-smoking with a bad smoking smell. Reception staff couldn't change it nor have it refreshed or recleaned. The surrounding was only traffic and cement factories, the area was not so nice. The room carpet was stained and the bathroom a bit noisy (water).I usually travel Holiday Inns, but I disliked this very much.	
Oct 19 2008 	Mostly fine but I'm injured!	We only stayed here one night, so that we could attend an event. The location was very handy for where we were going. It's also handy for the river, and for exploring some East End locations, such as Cable Street. But it's not a pretty area generally. If you like cement factories, you could ask for a room with a view over the one next door.We had trouble driving there. We followed the hotel's directions, and indeed, on exiting the second tunnel the hotel was visible on our right. But it was not possible to turn right! It took quite a lot of exploration of London's one-way system before we found the approach that took us to the hotel! I'd recommend the hotel updating their directions for people driving from the north - and I'd recommend anyone driving from the north to ring the hotel and ask what to do after emerging from the second tunnel.Parking was very reasonable by London standards, at £10 per day, behind a barrier for security. The hotel was fairly basic but generally perfectly acceptable - standard Holiday Inn Express. It was clean except for numerous nasty-looking stains on our carpet. There was a duvet on the bed with white bed linen, and a small settee to sit on. A TV with a smallish selection of channels, and tea/coffee facilities. A small hairdryer. An uninspiring but adequate cold breakfast (juice, some fruit, cereals, croissants, toast) was included. My problems happened in the bathroom. It was clean and pleasant-looking. (Toiletries were only wall-mounted squeezy bottles of stuff.) The shower was spacious, clean and nicely warm and powerful. But when I finally managed to stop enjoying the shower, I reached for my towel, and slipped right over. The shower floor was completely slippery - so mush so, that when I landed in one position, I slipped again from that position - this happened a couple of times. Luckily I did not bang my head on anything, Luckily also, my husband heard me scream, and with his help I was eventually able to get up. There was a grab rail, but it was too high for me to reach from my prone position, I was also in pain and twisted, making it more difficult to move. What I had thought were anti-slip blobs on the shower stall floor were, I was later informed by the manager, &quot;only there for decoration&quot; and not intended to be non-slip. There was no warning notice that the floor might become slippery (although there were plenty of other notices up).I am not generally doddery or prone to falls. I have never fallen in a shower before. I do not believe that this was due to me being reckless - I was simply reaching for the bath towel. I do believe the hotel was failing in its duty of care, firstly by having such slippery showers but also by not warning about them and by decorating the floors with apparent anti-slip dots.My neck is now very stiff, in considerable pain and with a very limited range of movement. I also have some lower back discomfort on one side, and the toes of my right foot hurt when I move them. To give her her due, the manager was sympathetic and gave me the numbers of customer relations and the legal department, as well as genuine apologies. But I still hurt! I do hope they fix this, because people could be alone when they fall, or they could bang their heads or hurt themselves even more than I did.Having said all this, I might return if I wanted to be in that area again, but I'd buy my own non-slip bath mat first.	
Oct 2 2008 	Everything was great!	We have paid litte money for the hotel since we have booked it together with our flight. Ususally, the room is GBP 80 - 90, we have paid about GBP 20. The rooms were big, even for swiss measurements. The staff was very very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was fine too. There was always fresh bread, cheese, cerials but no meat (for those who expect this...). The DLR is 3min walk away from the hotel and Down Town is really easy to reach. I would always go again in this hotel!	
Sep 26 2008 	Typically good....!	It’s a typical Holiday In Express. By that I mean it’s good value, clean, quiet and comfortable. Parking is also good value at £5 in this part of town. It doesn’t look as if there are many food options when you fist get there, but there are a couple of good restaurants down Narrow Street (just opposite), or loads of cheaper places by the DLR on Commercial Road. Try the Rajistan Café…). Rooms are good, the staff are very accommodating and the location is excellent for Docklands or the city (direct DLR to Bank Station). I'll be back.....	
Sep 21 2008 	Comfortable hotel East of London	I stayed at this hotel for a weekend visit to London and found it to be easy to get to, with friendly staff and continental breakfast thrown in too.Situated in Limehouse, East London I wasn't sure of what to expect of the location if it was safe or not. But it was actually fine. There is a mixture of flats and apartments just steps from the River Thames. Transport was easy into the city the DLR is just behind the hotel about a 300m walk to the station. Near the station there are a couple of take aways and a mini supermarket incase you need anything. The hotel itself was just what you would expect from a standard Holiday Inn Express, with no dissappointments. We were lucky enough to have got the rooms for GBP£36 a night by booking through Hotwire so I was extremely happy with the price. But I think normally you would pay about £80-£100 a night for this hotel.	
Jul 22 2008 	Excellent mid-range hotel in London.	Excellent mid-range hotel in London.The rooms are clean and calm, the stuff is friendly and helpful, the breakfast is just excellent.Furthermore, one of the greatest advantage of the place is its location. It is situated in Docklands, very close to the City centre. You can take a subways to reach the City (Bank station) within 10 minutes, but if you would like to see more of London, bus 15 also goes directly from here touching many major sightseeings, like the Tower, St Paul's Cathedral, Trafalgar, etc etc.	
Jun 29 2008 	Adequate in most respects	This is a reasonable hotel, comfortable rooms as you would expect from HIEx. The check in however was slow, with rather disinterested staff and the check out wasn't much better.The breakfast is a continental self service style, perfectly adequate. The location is in a none too nice part of the east end, but close to the Limehouse DLR.If you have a car, the parking charge is very expensive.	
May 8 2008 	Exceptional Value	Was able to book this hotel via Priceline, for the same cost of a hostel! A 5 minute walk from the Limehouse DLR station (1/2 between Bank/Monument and Canary Wharf stations). Also bus line 15 runs by the Limehouse DLR station. The hotel is in an industrial area (athough there are restaurants and small stores near the Limehouse DLR station). There is a small Costcutter store near the LImehouse DLR station. I prefered the much larger Tesco Metro store, located right in the Canary Wharf station (open until Midnight weedays, 10 pm Sat, 6 pm Sun). It is a relatively new hotel that seems popular with book tour groups, which can be troublesome (i.e. eating with tour group during breakfast). While on a busy street, there were no taxis. You need to reserve a taxi from the front desk. The front desk personnel were young and friendly. WiFi is availabe at a charge (2.50 pounds for 1/2 hour to 16 pounds for the entire day).The room was good size (a little bit above average is size), with 2 single beds, desk, tv, etc. There was no closet, just cubicles to place your clothes, luggage. For 1 person, this was not a problem, but for 2 people with a couple of suitcases each, there is not enough space. The provide a free continental breakfast (bread, fruit, yogurt, cereal, coffee). A nice touch is that they have an Ice machine in the lobby. One of the best housing value in London.	
Mar 23 2008 	Good location above average HIX	A good Holiday Inn Express – rooms were bigger than some of the other central London Express’s and even bigger than some Holiday Inn’s. The standard decor throughout, but seems to do a better job with it than others. Well located about 5 mins walk away from the Limehouse DLR and National Rail station.Like most HIX’s there isn’t a restaurant in the hotel and unusually not one within easy walking distance either. There are a few late night one stop shops by the DLR station and Canary Wharf is only a few stops away on the DLR, with plenty of food options there instead. Breakfast was again the HIX standard fare, but with a good layout which avoids the queues that affect some HIX’s in the mornings. Staff seemed a bit more welcoming than usual too!	
Jan 6 2008 	Ideal location at a good price	We stayed at the Limehouse HIE when we went out ont he town for Christmas Parties in London, it is well placed just outside the mega-expensive hotels but only £5 in a cab from the City and 5 minutes walk from the DLR..On 14 day advance purchase the room worked out an excellent price especially for a Friday night at the end of December. There is a car park at the hotel which is an additional £8 per night but it seems safe enough with a big fence and access gates.The rooms were standard Holiday Inn Express, clean, spacious, warm and comfortable. The bathroom was the same - spotlessly clean.Breakfast was busy albeit the standard plentiful buffet with lots of choice and was being constantly filled up by the staff.There is not a lot adjacent to the hotel for eating and drinking but if you are this close to London you have more than enough choices in the City.Would I stay there again - most definatley.	
Nov 8 2007 	Served the purpose very well!	A typical Holiday Inn Express that served its purpose very well. We wanted a reasonably priced hotel for one night on a quick trip to London and by booking in advance, got a double room mid week for £80 a night including breakfast through the ic hotels website. Compared to other hotels on the internet, this was a bargain price! The room was comfortable and the bathroom adequate. We were initially given a twin room at the back of the hotel despite booking a double but this was soon rectified even though the new room was at the front alongside the main road. There is some traffic noise but it is not hugely problematic until about 7am when the rush hour starts. Staff were friendly and helpful and the inclusive breakfast was good enough and you wouldn't go hungry. We asked for suggestions for a restaurant for the evening and were given a very good recommendation by the hotel staff of 'Le Figa', an excellent Italian in Narrow Street, five minutes walk from the hotel. The mussels were the best we've tasted and the Bruschetta was fresh, generous and laced with garlic - delicious!! Main courses were not cheap but they were generously portioned and you will feel well satisfied.For Central London the hotel is a little out of the way, requiring the Docklands Light Railway plus 2 tube changes and because of this we probably wouldn't use the Holiday Inn Limehouse again. If you can get a good price, have business in the area and want a clean, if fairly basic hotel, the Holiday Inn Express London Limehouse will probably serve you well.	
Sep 30 2007	Very disappointing	I'm sorry to say that this hotel gave me my worst ever Holiday Inn experience. Knowing that I was going to arrive at around 9pm after a long working day, I was looking for a hotel with a) a restaurant, so I could easily get some dinner and b) wireless internet, so I could catch up on some emails. When I arrived, I found that the restaurant was closed. Also, the wireless internet had to be paid for (ok, not necessarily that surprising)...but after paying upfront the service just would not work. I even called technical support, but they couldn't help either. It also took far too long to check in and check out, while the bed was pretty uncomfortable too. On the plus side, the room was clean and reasonably quiet. I wouldn't choose to stay here again though.	
Sep 4 2007	Good location can be pricey	Several stays here over the past 2 years.Good deals are available (ie 70 pounds) if you book well in advance or pre-pay on Holiday Inn website, but at 1-2 weeks notice you will be lucky to get anything under 100 pounds, and its not worth it, look elsewhere.Usual rooms and boring continental breakfast as at all these Hol Inn Expresses. Location is ok - 10min walk to Limehouse station (for Docklands Light Railway), which connects to Bank tube. 10mins walk to Thames, and several good restaurants - leave the hotel and turn left, turn right at lights and you are basically next to Thames. There is a small arcade with a good Italian restaurant 'La Figa' and also a new Indian restaurant. Continue along the road and on the right, by the docks is the Narrow St Pub which I believe is now one of Gordon Ramsays empire - so dont expect to get in if you haven't booked!On the other side of the hotel is the main A13 into London and on this road are lots of other mainly ethnic restaurants and takeaway joints. The 'RajBoy' Indian is usually very good.	
Jul 26 2007	Worth every penny	very nice hotel with small rooms but clean and good. Coffee and te facilities, nice bathroom. breakfast wasnt that interesting.Easy acess to Tower and downtown via the tube.Worth every penny.	
Jun 25 2007	Very comfortable reasonable location	We just returned from a trip to London, England. We booked a room at the Holiday Inn- Limehouse for 60 £ (flexible rate) a few days beforeour departure. We knew it was a bit out of the city center, but we were looking for a combination of location and rate. We found this hotel to be very comfortable and reasonably located. In fact, Limehouse is only a few train stops or a 20 min walk to the Tower of London. It is however, over an hour from Heathrow airport by train/tube (especially as sections of the underground may be closed for construction). Still, with a three-day train pass, the cost was minimal and the transport easy throughout the city. We were pleased as well with the continental breakfast and the service at the hotel was excellent. Given the prices of hotels in London, we were very happy with this find and would most certainly stay there again. The only thing missing is atmosphere, but we were willing to give that upfor reliability.	
May 19 2007 	Quite good	We stayed at this hotel for 1 Sunday night in May. We booked on the same day as arrival via the hotel website and got a great rate. Only £49 for the room.The hotel was easy to find although the access into and out of the car park was difficult as it is on a busy road. The car parking is secure with CCTV but is limited and cost us £8 overnight.The hotel was nicely furnished and the rooms quiet. The hotel also provided details of local take aways. We opted for the pizza and it was delivered to reception. The hotel is happy for you to eat in your room. This was really useful after a long day.Double bed was nice and big. Not too soft and very comfortable.Bathroom was good and the toilet design in all Holiday Inn Express hotels is good. The bathroom door doubles as the toilet door if you would like to share use of the bathroom. Power shower was great and Lux shower gel &amp; Dove hand wash is supplied.Complimentary breakfast in the morning was very good. Good range provided. Nice pastries!We would stay at this hotel again due to the close proximity to Canary Wharf.	
Apr 30 2007 	Great stay  Great staff	Stayed for 4 nights in the hotel during our vacation in London. Got a great price of 49 pounds per night (leisure saver). The breakfast is nice - yogurts, coffee, breads and toasts, some cheese, cereals, juices, some fruits etc. The staff in the main desk is great! they are really helpful and friendly and it was nice to get a smiling face in the morning. There is a safe in the main desk where you can leave your passports and valuable stuff.The DLR is 5-7 mins. walk from the hotel and is very easy to manage, than you can change to the tube and get to the center of London (total time to oxford circus took us 20 mins.), there is also a bus (line 15) that goes to town - its great so you can skip the rush our and 1000s of people in the tube and see the streets and views - but it takes about 45 mins - 60 mins.Well, the hotel is not right in the middle of the the center but its nice, friendly, not so expensive if you get a good deal and we really enjoyed our stay!	
Apr 28 2007 	A good value for the money!	I was pleasantly surprised by the Express by Holiday Inn. It was colorfully decorated, and the rooms, while small by American standards, were efficient, clean, and functional. The lobby area was expansive, with plenty of comfortable seating. The hotel offered snack items for sale at a decent price, and also provided internet access for a fee in the lobby, on a computer they provide. The breakfast bar was above expectations, with good food replenished frequently. Next time I'm in London, it's the Limehouse for me, as it's in a good area for DLR/Tube access, while being far enough away from the tourist areas to be uncrowded.	
Feb 8 2007 	Bland but fine	OK, cheap ( for London) and close to the DLR for regular trains in to London. Also v easy to drive to from the Channel ports and tunnel.THe hotel itself is ok, rooms are pretty small and utiliatarian, staff were friendly enough and the breakfast was more than sufficient.Can't say much more, it is bland but ok	
Jan 26 2007	Great little hotel	This hotel is quite nice, smallish but the rooms are a good size. The hotel is pretty new and everything is clean and modern. The staff are quite helpful, they will organise take away to be delievered to your room. It is a little way out of London but fine if you have a rail pass as Docklands light rail is included on the pass. It is kinda hard to get there from Heathrow, especially on the non-express train as it took 90 mins on normal service to get to Tower station then we gave up and caught a cab. It is easy enough to find from the station and is in a fairly good location. I would recommend this to anyone on a budget. The breakfast that was included was pretty good. Overall a great stay.	
Dec 9 2006 	comfy friendly express	Stayed there for 3 nts dec 1 2 3 2006 rooms very clean and modern, nicre continental b/fast staff great	
Nov 15 2006 	better than last time	Booked online and got a great rate £49 per room per night including breakfast.I asked for a quiet room on the booking and I was given one in the rear of the hotel yet facing towards the road, which was quite busy all night long. the rooms facing away from the road are better for noise. The room was functionalable yet the air con in the room only seemed to heat the room, I like a nice cool room so I can snuggle into the quilt yet the room was around 24C all night long which is a bit warm for me. The only other way to get the room cool is to open the window and then the noise from the road is awful.The breakfast was okay the bread on this occasion tasted better and the buffet area was topped up quite quickly. As a priority club memebr they had extra perks like discount in the restuarant below the hotel which was great.The hotel is close to limehouse DLR and C2C which are up two flights of steps, there are lifts but they weren't working this morning.	
Nov 13 2006	GOOD VALUE AND LOCATION	My friend and I were looking for an inexpensive hotel in London knowing such a thing did not exist. I looked at several hotels in London and most had poor reviews. Holiday Inn Express at Limehouse had good reviews so we decided to book a room there. The room was only 58 GBP for a twin when using the advance reservation. I had to pay in full right then and there and it was not refundable. If you are sure your plans won't change, this was a great deal. The room was large (By London standards) with a nice size bathroom (again by London Standards). The room was clean as was the hotel. The breakfast was good. My only complaint would be the bed was small even by London standards. It seemed more like a cot than a twin bed. Other than that, the room was great. The hotel is walking distance to the Limehouse Docklands Light Rail station but of course the weekend we stayed, the service was closed due to maintanence. There was a special bus service that worked well from that station but was a bit confusing from the central London stations. Overall, if you can book ahead and are looking for a deal, I would highly recommend Holiday Inn Express Limehouse	
Oct 14 2006 	Great basic hotel	Stayed at this hotel for my Dad's 50th birthday at the start of September and had a very enjoyable stay. Good location for the low price we paid - only few minutes walk from the nearest DLR station (which connects easily to the tube) Very friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are typical chain hotel style and very comortable. We stayed in rooms at the back of the hotel and experienced no traffic noise. Only downside would be distance into the City, easily walked if you have the time and energy, but do need to use the DLR/tube for speed and ease. Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a short stay in London. Book online direct with the hotel 14 days in advance for excellent discounts (50% for weekend rates!)	
Sep 16 2006 	OK for short stay close to London centre	Stayed end of August 2006. Overall impression - not bad, good value for London, clean, near to Centre, relatively new, however the noise from Highway could be a beat annoying and breakfast better to be avoided as there is NOTHING to think up as to be edible.	
Aug 8 2006 	Dove all the way...	Stayed in the hotel for 4 nights, and it definately made our trip very enjoyable! We stayed in a room that overlooked the busy road that runs directly outside the hotel, and even though the windows are double glazed, it did not make for the perfect night's sleep; if you are sensitive to noise then be warned, but if you are a normal/heavy sleeper then you will be fine! The rooms are decorated nicely, with modern fittings and all the usual little extras, though the highlight was definately finding Dove body and hand wash in the bathroom! The rooms are cleaned on a daily basis and to a high standard, and fresh towels provided each time you leave the dirty ones on the floor! A good and varied continental breakfast is provided, and though it is wise to go down to breakfast reasonably early if you want the full selection of cereals etc, we always had breakfast 1/2 hour before it closed, and we were hardly disappointed. The staff were always helpful and friendly and even let us keep some things in their kitchen fridge, though they did appear to always be rushed off their feet! The hotel is located a bit far from the centre of London, but we discovered a lovely walkway that follows the River Thames for quite some distance, just a minute walk from the hotel and the centre is very accessable by DLR/tube. I would recommend the hotel, but ask to be put on the quiet side and always try to book via their website and 2 weeks in advance to get the best prices!	
Jun 28 2006	Great value for London	I stayed at the Express by Holiday Inn Limehouse for 2 nights in late April. I only paid 53 GBP per night because I prepaid for the stay on Holiday Inn's website. My room was on the 5th floor and had a double bed and a sofa bed. The room was very clean and handsomely decorated. It's a bit small compared to North American standards but normal for Europe and just large enough for 3 people. The sofa bed actually turned out to be quite comfortable.I had a room facing the street and while I could hear the traffic during the day, it was never loud enough to disturb my sleep. I think the vast majority of people can tolerate it. The location of the hotel is also quite good - a 5 minute walk to the Limehouse DLR station.The free continental breakfast was very typical of a Holiday Inn express and quite satisfying. It included bread, cereal, fresh and canned fruits, juice, milk, pastries, and yogurts. Everything was refilled quite promptly.	
May 25 2006	An enjoyable stay	Limehouse was clean, the rooms were a great size, towles replaced daily, and buffet breakfast. When we first arrived, feeling very jetlagged, the staff were not that friendly. A couple of them seemed put out when we were asking questions. But some of the staff were absolutley fantastic and more than willing to help. We have no real complaints about anything. The hotel was only a few minutes walk from Limehouse Station and easy enough to find. We would stay here again without hesitation.	
Apr 22 2006 	good value for money	Very nice hotel..The bedrooms and very clean and comfortable. I stayed in a bedroom facing the road and you can hear some traffic but I slept well. The Hotel has a small bar or you can go down to ther restaurant/bar. Staff are very hospitable, polite and professional. The room rate includes a free continental breakfast. The station is just a few min walk away and getting into the city is easy. Very well worth my money spent	
Apr 17 2006	Great value for money	I have stayed at this hotel a few times now and have always had a pleasant and comfortable stay. Staff are always friendly and polite. The double rooms are fairly spacious and usually include a sofa bed. They are always very clean, modern and although some of the rooms over look a busy road it is relatively quiet. The online weekend room rates are about 70GBP and include breakfast which is basic consisting of cereal, toast, yoghurts and some pastrys. The hotel also has a secure car park at 5GBP for 24 hours, which is great for me as I can leave my car while I travel in to Central London. The slight disadvantage is the location of the hotel as the nearest station is a DLR station and I think there is only one bus that runs in front of the hotel. Also there is not much to do in the evening around the immediate Limehouse area so if your looking for lively bars and restaurants you will have travel to either Shoreditch - about 15 mins away or go Central London. Despite this I recommend the hotel for short stays in London and would use it again.	
Apr 12 2006	Fantastic staff	We recently stayed at this hotel as it was close to a wedding location. Flying in early I was not that impressed by the staff advised us that rooms are not ready for an early check in until 2pm. A fantastic guy I cannot remember his name gave us coffee and sorted some rooms out for us. Later this guy helped us out again with directions to local tourist attractions and even took time booking rooms for us in Scotland at fantastic rates. The hotel is very affordable and very clean. Im more of a friend breakfast man so breakfast was not what im used to but its free.Will be back again, well worth the money	
Mar 21 2006	Very Nice Indeed	Well stayed here for 2 days in early March 2006 with my girl friend. Firstly there was one major criticism, and that’s the staff. Granted I think I saw the reception staff twice during my stay there as we didn’t have breakfast either day but on the day of arriving the reception sent us to the wrong room – without setting up the key cards properly also. So anyway after messing about for 20 minutes we finally got into the room to find someone else was in it! To say he was shocked was an under-statement. Well a little conversation with the reception again and this was sorted. There attitude and lack of organisation shocked me – no manager was onsite to discuss this but it has gone in writing to their head office.The fact I have scored this hotel 4 tells you something after the above. It would have quiet easily been a five if this hadn’t of happened.I normally wouldn’t pay £50 a night in London but this was short notice; normally I would pay about £10 less, and have stayed in a lot of poor hotels in London at this price range. LimeHouse for the price is very very good. The room was very big, and pretty much the same as on there website. The rooms are very big, generally with a sofa in a corner of the room. The TV was nice and big and received 10+ channels with the option of pay channels. I cannot comment on the food as I never ate there but the hotel seems to have a lot of custom coming in just for the breakfasts in a morning. The shower was great and the en-suit facilities were very good. All in all the room was great. There is also a good bar with a seated area which is a good place to chill out in for awhile. From now on when staying in London I will compare most hotels against this hotel and I’m afraid for this price range I will be pressed to find anything close to it.The hotel is in Docklands and is about 5 minutes from LimeHouse station, which connects to central London via the DLR; this normally takes about 10 minutes, when on London you can link to the Tube network. There are quiet a-few shops around as there are places to eat.If you are booking this hotel make sure you check up for the best rates as I found major differences in rates from different hotel comparison sites.To sum up, when you are at reception double check the room number and make sure you know how the key card works before setting out to your room, also the key card works the room lighting. If you get to your room and all is well I imagine you will have a great stay and I hope you do.	
Jan 20 2006	Cheap Price but a bit out of the way	All Express by Holiday Inn are pretty much the same inside.Modern and Basic and always clean.Continental Breakfast.I would not stay here again because it was to out of town for us as we were travelling into central london and it ended up costing us a fortune in taxis.Its ideal for Canary Wharf.	
Jan 12 2006	Great Hotel		
Jan 6 2006 	Loved It! Will stay again		
Jan 4 2006	Fantastic vacation		
Nov 21 2005	Good for the price		
Apr 17 2005	Very noisy		
Jan 8 2005	Noisey...		
Nov 9 2004	excellent value for money		
Oct 11 2004	absolutely fine - good value		
May 30 2004	Very Nice		
May 2 2004	Hotel from Hell!		
Nov 16 2009 	Guter Kompromiss zwischen Lage zum Zentrum und Preis		
Sep 6 2009	buona sistemazione		
Jun 4 2009 	De lujo calidad precio genial		
May 30 2009 	un pò fuori mano ma molto sopra la media hotel centro londra		
Mar 29 2009	Das Hotel und Personal - o.k.		
Jan 17 2009 	Nettes Hotel mit ein paar Macken		
Jan 7 2009 	un rapport qualité-prix exceptionnel		
Oct 5 2008 	3 für 2 - unschlagbares Preis/Leistungsverhältnis		
Sep 9 2008 	Super hotel		
Aug 26 2008 	Buena elección		
Mar 12 2008 	Buen hotel bien situado		
Jan 28 2008	Grupo de amigas nos gustó mucho		
Oct 13 2007 	ci aspettavamo di piu'		
Jun 22 2007 	Esta muy bien en relación calidad-precio		
Feb 16 2007 	Excellent rapport qualité-prix !		
Jul 7 2006	Ideal für einen London-Trip!		
