Aug 11 2008 	Good hotel	Good hotel, clean and recently renewed. Close to metro.	
Aug 6 2008 	Awful Hotel in every way	I am absolutely disgusted with the hotel it was awful in every way, when I entered in my room it was not only tiny &amp; dirty but was too hot and room location was just next to the elevator. You can imagine the noise level of my room. wall is thin and hotel building looks so old, everytime our room vibrate, We felt unsafe, uncomfortable and had the worst night sleep ever.”and about the staff they do nothing but only just watch the televison all the time. Avni is the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune of staying in	
Jul 15 2008 	Nice clean and affordable	I've stayed here a few times and in different rooms. The rooms are clean, nice in decor and a good size. Breakfast isn't bad, just a continental so you get cereal, toast, croisants, fruit, yogurt, juices, tea and coffee and some jams and cheese etc... With the location and cost and what you get for your money this is a great hotel to stay at and I will continue to stay there when I am in London.	
Jul 2 2008	Not worth staying	This place is not worth staying in. Service is not existant. Place is reasonably clean but for the cost you can certainly get better. Breakfast is not bad but minimal.	
Jun 20 2008 	Possibly the worst hotel ever	The web site showed it as a clean contemporary hotel. The reality was far from it. First room that we were sent to had not been made up so allocated another room which had a kitchen of sorts and the smallest bed space imaginable. Smelt of microwave meals and was not clean. Walls patched up with filler in places and toilet dirty. Damp wall in kitchenette. It felt like a DSS hostel rather than a 3 star hotel.No air whatsoever in rooms and windows difficult to open. Wife is asthmatic so in end decided we could not stay there and went round corner looking for alternatives. Found the Montana on Gloucester Road that was same price but clean and a proper 3 star hotel.	
May 28 2008 	Gotta Hate Avni	My husband and I stayed at this hotel recently for 7 nights. I would not recommend this hotel to anybody. The previous comments made were spot on.The only thing good about this hotel is its location in South Kensington, which was very close to everything including restaurants, grocery stores and the Underground. However, there are many hotels in this area so you have a lot to choose from.When we checked in, we were told to come back since the rooms were not ready yet. We asked the front desk staff (looks like it's a poorly run family business) if we could get a map of London. We were told that they didn't have any. I would think that most of their guests are tourists and I would think that they'd be able to at least give you a city map. My husband and I had to go down the street to the Marriot to get a map of London and the concierge at the Marriot was a lot more helpful in terms of suggesting sites of interest in the area.We stayed on the 1st floor and as mentioned in other reviews, the walls are very thin and you can hear footsteps of the room above and people's conversation in adjacent rooms. There's a closet room in the hallway which is left open so feel free to grab a fresh and non-smelly towel. The makeshift window covering wasn't working properly. The beds were too small and pillows too flat. I had to leave a note to ask the cleaning person to change our sheets and to supply us with soap and shampoo.The pressure in the shower is good but don't drop the soap because if you bend down you won't be able to get back up and we're average sized people too. The towels stink like bleach so you better bring your own if you're planning on staying at this hotel.The breakfast was ok. The coffee was basically instant coffee put into a coffee pots. The front desk staff were basically non responsive. You ask them a question and they pretend they don't understand you.	
May 27 2008 	OK for 1 or 2 nights	Has a well deserved bad reputation, as i suppose many other 3star hotels in London.Little difficult to write anything totally original although I do think that some of the reviews are a little forgiving- remember these people are running a business and some things are very easy to correct i.e. very basic maintenance.Pro's are - Location, near tube Gloucester Road and in a nice area, lots of good pubs and restaurants within a few mins walk.Room size ok [ compact] and relatively clean.Bed comfortable.Breakfast ok - plenty of cereals, toast, Fruit, etcCon's - Shower in room fairly pathetic water flow - although Hot.No double glazing and rotting window framesMassive problem with damp in corner of room -which I would Guess runs down the whole side of the Hotel.Some light fittings just hanging out of holes in the ceiling [I think some basic maintenance would sort out ] Temperature is either too cold because of the window frames or too hot if you switch on the radiator which is hit or miss too work -it has a mind of its own and switches on and off on some unknown cycle.Thin walls so can hear all sorts - may effect some but I sleep like the 'proverbial dead' so didn't effect me!I would stay again but max 2 nights and I wouldnt take my 'better half''.	
May 23 2008 	So-So	Smallest room I have ever seen in my life! No room for the suitcases. No security on our ground floor window, not that we were robbed but it disturbs your peace of mind. The blinds were broken. We had great warm weather while we were there which was great in general but in the hotel room there was no air conditioning and the front desk did not have any fans. We had to go and buy one...so they should have one now! I will say that the room was kept clean and well stocked. The continental breakfast was great! They had: 3-4 varieties of cereal, toast, preserves, fruit, cheese, yogourt, croissants or buns, juice, milk, tea and coffee. The room did have a safe which was nice to put our passports in. TV only had 4 channels. The bathroom was very small with a pedastal sink, stand-up shower and toilet. There was no place to keep your toiletries. No internet facilities. Though there was a cheap enough place just up the road. I would stay here again if I was going solo, but not with another person - it is just too small.	
May 4 2008	Pleasant enough!	I stayed here with my mother for about a week when we visited London last April. We arrived at about 10 in the morning from the airport, check in wasn't until two but they tried their best to get us a room as soon as possible... I didn't have a good impression of them then, but it was my first time in London and I was tired and cranky so that's probably why. The room was clean, small but that is probably to be expected in that area of London. Everything seemed up to date, I got a good sleep, had some breakfast (served downstairs, continental) and went off to explore London. The closest tube station to the hotel is Gloucester (literally down the street), and shopping on Oxford street, museums, everything, were only a few minutes away so it was a great location. We would return, and a New Zealander in the lobby let us use his laptop, which was nice and I felt comfortable with the people who worked there as well. Most of the recent reviews so far seem bad, so maybe it has changed. I'm not too sure. I'm sure that if you are polite and not too uptight with the staff members than they will give you the same treatment. As for the temperature and the lighting and noise, it definitely was not as bad as other people have said, not in my room anyway. We did change rooms though once, because it wasn't smoke free and my mum is sensitive to that stuff, but it didn't seem to be a problem... they even offered us a bigger room later on in the week.	
Apr 15 2008 	Not worth the money	I booked this hotel thinking it would be a nice, affordable place in a great area. I knew the rooms would be small but I didn't mind.I actually stayed here over a two week period, broken up by a brief trip outside of London.During the first part of the stay, I was put into a first floor room. The room was roasting hot (even though this was at the end of September and the weather was starting to cool). The ceiling light above the bed was partly to blame, I think, as it was extremely bright. Unfortunately I had to leave the light on as it was the only one in the room other than a dim Ikea table lamp. The television's cable did not work AT ALL, and they did little to fix it except to wiggle the cable and reset the reception settings for the hotel. It would have been nice to have seen the morning news to find out the weather forecast and Tube delays! The shower would leak onto the floor.For the second part of my stay, I was placed into a room on the 3rd floor. This room was cool, thankfully. Probably because the light above the bed didn't work. The TV worked fine in here. The shower door would not close properly so either you left it partially open or you managed to jam it so that you had to practically break the door to get out. Horrible layout of bathroom - the shower door kept hitting the toilet. The hot water would sometimes run out if you waited too late in the evening to take a shower. The power went out a couple of times during the evening, without any explanation from the staff. Couldn't get the radiator to work one day when it became very chilly outside; the staff member who came up to fix it didn't really know what he was doing. Requested someone to open the room safe more than once as it wasn't open when we entered the room, but no one ever showed up when we called.Staff vary from somewhat helpful to &quot;I don't care what your problem is.&quot; You can check out and keep your luggage there, but it will be left in an open area of the lobby and unless you lock it to the bannister or a table, there is no guarantee that it will not walk away as someone won't always be there all the time to watch it.The positives - fantastic, fantastic location near two tube stations and many restaurants, as well as grocery stores, but I wish I had gone to one of the other hotels nearby like base2stay. Neighbourhood is quiet as it's a few blocks away from the noisier main streets. Beds were comfortable, if a bit narrow. Rooms were clean, however there seems to be only one maid for the whole hotel and if the poor woman was busy changing all the rooms for new guests then your room was last on her list. Discovered that she washed our room's dishes in the bathroom sink, without any dishwashing soap. Breakfasts were basic (toast, fruit, juices, tea, coffee, yogurt, horrible croissants), and was a nice way to have a quick bite and save a bit of money before starting the day. Saw people using the wireless internet on their own laptops, but you have to sit in the lobby to do so.Basically, this place is one step up from a hostel but not a very far step.	
Apr 9 2008 	This hotel is not recommended	room 401: terribleThis hotel doesn't deserve more than 1 or 1.5 * - a very small room, while a medium-sized room is mentioned (on the room door was hanging a floor map where our room is mentioned as a single room)- a very hot room (32°C) even tough the central-heating was turned off (impossible to open the window to ventilate the room) – Heating is going though walls with no way to control it - no curtain at the window (nice to wake up at 7am every day due to the heating and the day light while you are on holiday)- the TV cable was cut so impossible to watch TV and the guy at the reception desk just said it won’t be possible to fix it before we leave- really small bathroom (impossible to stand next to each other due to the tiny size of the bathroom- small bed (1.80m)- no cap in the sink- no view out of the window (opaque window) - no light bulb at one side of the bed Some positive things though: rooms are clean, breakfast is good and situation is great.	
Mar 11 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	I stayed at the Avni hotel in February 2008 as I thought it was a cheap and convenient way to stay in London and visit friends in the area - however I quickly realised I was mistaken:1) the room was small, freezing cold and the heating did not work2) when I moved the bed 10 cm to one side to be close to a lamp (only one lamp in the room which was very dark) there was so much dirt under the table (would be to impolite to describe what it was).3) I could not lock the door to my room (on ground floor so very uncomforting)4) the front desk staff and the manager (Sunil) were extremely rude and unhelpful when I asked about the possibility of getting another room (which I did not get).5) I checked out one day in advance and despite giving notice they still charged me.All in all a very unpleasant experience which I would not recommend to anyone. Their cancellation charging practices are also unethical and I wish to see them out of business soon.	
Feb 16 2008 	Do not stay here!	Athough it might seem like an economical choice, I would highly suggest staying somewhere else- Here is a detailed list of the issues:- Front desk was highly disorganiized, they were rude, and missed wake-up calls. Each person seemed to have a different answer, and were not professional or welcoming- AT ALL!!- The walls are paper thin and you can hear EVERYTHING that the people staying next to you and above you are doing- Bathroom was dingy, extremely cramped, and toilet was nearly non-functional.- VERY, VERY SMALL- The safe was &quot;running low on battery&quot; so we could not store our valuables in it.- I cannot stress enough how awful it was to TRY to sleep there, I hear every step the person above us took, every creek of the bed, and heard every word from the tv across the hall.I have NOOO idea how this hotel got a review higher than a 1, and even though our hotel was miserable it couldnt ruin my trip- book another hotel- I recommend the Kensignton Gardens Hotel- which we moved to after a few night as the Avni.	
Jan 27 2008 	There's a reason its so cheap....	We stayed here for one night and that was more than enough. Our first room (101) curtain was missing, the TV was wired illegally. The front desk, was rude and disorgansed. Our second room (304) was a little better but had no key so we had to be let in and out by staff. The heating was far to hot. The bed side lamp was broken, so if you reached for it you cut yourself. We fixed this for them by thowing it out. There was previous occupants hair everywhere and the flooring was not fitted properly. The bed was itchy and uncomfortable. Breakfast room/bar was damp, with peeling paint and very poor service.	
Dec 4 2007 	4 day's weekend on london	Went to London on a weekend and loved the city.We've stayed at Avni's Hotel and find the hotel very good. Well, it's not the Hilton or the Ritz but if you're gonna stay as much time as possible visiting London and all her monuments, you don't need that kind of hotels to stay.The rooms are small but they have all you need. The breakfast is normal, but not Continental one's, with fresh fruit , srcumble eggs ou waffles; well, just enough to stay ok until lunch.The service is also ok. On a 5 minutes walk you have the underground or bus stations. Picadilly circus or Hyde park Corner are 3 statios away.Very nice to stay in london but not within the confusion of the big city.(PB. Lisbon, Portugal)	
Oct 22 2007	Dont stay here	Stayed at the Avni Hotel for 3 nights. The best thing about the Hotel is the location just a few minutes from the Tube station. The hotel however was terrible. There was no hot water for 2 nights out of 3 , the lights in the room did not work when we arrived. The room was a box and a dirty one at that, makeup marks all over the walls the paint was peeling off there was no wardrobe just a little shelf with about 5 coat hangers . The description said you had tea and coffee making facilities which we did but there was no Milk and asked every day and never did get any. The staff were not overly helpful and did not want to know when we complained. The breakfast is served in the basement which is damp and smelly again paint peeling off the walls. My advise is to pay a little bit extra for somem comfort. I will not be staying at the Avni hotel again in afraid.	
Oct 1 2007 	Definitely would NOT recommend to anyone!	Just got back from London and the only disappointment was the hotel - not like the description at all. The room was very small, the sink as well as the shower kept flooding so that you would have to turn off the water between and let it drain. Out of the 7 days, we were without hot water for 3. Every fixture in the bathroom was not level, so you could not store anything in there. Staff are not very accomodating. Rooms do not have a clock/alarm so you would have to rely on the staff for wake up calls. Every time you left the hotel, you would have to hand in your room key, therefore having to wait for a staff member on your return to give you the key back.Only good point, it is close to the underground.	
Aug 14 2007	Excellent location avoid hotel especially room 201!	I have just arrived back after a 3 night stay at the Avni. Not a good choice, just glad i was out all day and evening. I was visiting my son and girlfriend who had just moved to S. Kensington, but as they only had one bedroom I decided to book into this hotel as it was only a couple of minutes walk away. I was given the key for room 201 but on entering the heat hit you a bit like stepping off a plane in a hot country!. I asked if i could be moved but they said they had no more rooms as they were fully booked. I asked for a fan but they did not have one (not very helpful staff). After a sleepless night I was up and out of my room and the hotel by 8.a.m. each morning, looking rather sweaty just like i had just stepped out of a sauna! Not how you want to look after a shower and putting your make-up on!. The window only opened a little bit at the top so no air could get in. Even the ceramic tiles on the bathroom floor were warm to walk on and the cold water tap ran hot for ages - definately a problem somewhere. On checking in i wasn't given any information regarding breakfast or where to eat it ,so it was just as well i didn't want any . The only + was that it only cost £50 a night, so on a freezing winter's night the room would have been o.k. All in all i would rather have spent £150 in a decent hotel for one night and slept on my son's sofa for 2!!	
Aug 12 2007	Nice location terrible hotel	Lock box and curtain were broken in the room and repeated reminders from us and promises from staff brought no resolution. They did, however, read the printed instructions including all of the spelling and grammar errors. They didn't seem to appreciate that I UNDERSTOOD and followed the instructions and that the issue was that the instructions DID NOT WORK.I fixed the curtain myself and did without the lock box. No reduction in price.Staff could not agree on breakfast hours and seemed puzzled when I suggested that they simply post a sign. They did post a sign announcing a 25 pound penalty for loss of a key card. I decided to leave my key card at reception but the card seldom worked to open my room when I returned and retrieved it. The desk person explained me that the card was probably demagnetized by my credit cards of the gates in the tube. Neat trick from the shelf behind the desk. One time THEY lost the key at reception but did not appreciate my request that they pay ME a 25 pound penalty. When I travel, I learn a basic vocabulary in the local language. The Avni staff must recognize that the local language in London is English - my native tongue.This was by far the highest cost and lowest quality and service of any of the hotels where I stayed during almost a month in Europe.I WILL stay in the Earls Court area again, however. Some great restaurants, shops and pubs. Convenient by tube and bus to everything we wanted to see. Just avoid this hotel and other like it. Avni is clearly about making money and NOT about customer service.	
Aug 6 2007 	Avoid this hotel like the plague!	We have just arrived back from one nights stay at the Avni and were throroughly dissapointed with our experience. On entering our room we were immediatly struck by how hot it was (a bit like opening a piping hot oven door). The only air supply to the room was a window that opened to 1&quot; at the max. The hotel had provided us with a fan but this failed to do any more then blow hot air arond the room. Needless to say we did not get much sleep that night. Our experience was so bad that we decided not to hang around for breakfast the next day - this was to be served in the basement of the building. Heaven knows how sweaty it was going to me down there!The only positive thing about the Avni is its location which was brilliant. There are plenty of bars and restaurants in the vicinity which is good because you'll want to spend as little time as possible in your room.	
Jul 14 2007	Over rated hotel	The description sounded too good to be true, and it was. It was clear the hotel has been remodeled and aspires to be a trendy, boutique spot, it has some issues. My single room was clean, but a little hot box. The one window opened merely as a transom at the top and air flow was blocked by the non-operational Roman shade. I kept the lights off the entire time to keep the temperature down.The ensuite bath (shower) was clean, but the shower didn't drain and i was ankle deep in water. The sink basin faucet was not well attached, and a rubber gasket was clearly out of place on the shower control. The hotel advertised satelitte flat-screen TV, but you could only get 3 channels. The website also features a bar/lounge but it was no where in site.Hallways are very narrow, even for London.This Kensington area is loaded with similar style hotels of all sizes and prices. Not convenient to any tourist locations except V&amp;A Museum. Is close to Sainsbury's and Marks &amp; Spencer if you want to grab fresh food.I only stayed here because the price (59 pounds) was the best i could do on same day's notice.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good hotel at reasonable price!	I recently stayed at the Avni@Courtfield Gardens while on buisness in London. I was really not sure what to expect but was impressed when I arrived at the hotel.My room was on the top floor which was fine for me but the lift only goes to the floor below so had to carry my luggage up one flight of stairs. The stairs were narrow and quite steep so would prove a problem for an elderly or less mobile person.My room was great, really big room with ample sized shower room. My room was well furnished and comfortable, the only thing I could fault was the lack of air conditioning. It was very warm the night I stayed and even with the windows open it was difficult to sleep. Air con would have made all the difference!Breakfast was great, plenty to choose from and staff ensured that everything was replenished regularly.Pleasant and helpful reception staff.	
Jul 4 2007 	dreadful stay awar	this was one of the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. the room was just big enough to house the bed. the breakfast room was in the basement, a dark room with mould on the walls. keep looking there are far better deals in london.	
Jun 27 2007 	Strategic location	I think the best location to stay in London would be around gloucester station (Kensington) because the tube line from there connect you directly to lots of places of interest in central London. For this reason i chosed Avni hotel. The hotel lies in quite &amp; safe environment, no traffic sounds through your room's window. The breakfast is included with the room's price &amp; the bedroom is immaculate. It also has elevator (enough for 2-3 persons)However, if you are the type of visitor who love to live in spacious room complete with AC, i won't suggest to stay in this hotel because it wouldn't live up your expectation. The room is tiny and non-AC (eventhough they provide electrical fan). But hey, if you wanna pay below the 100 punds in such good location, I think you have to compromise for certain things isn't it?Do not forget to dine or have lunch in the Singaporean restaurant nearby (&quot;The Bugis street&quot; below the milennium hotel)...they serve tasty &amp; mouth watering Asian cuisine for good prices!	
Jun 25 2007 	Ok as long as you know what you are getting into...	Paid roughly $180 per night which is too much for a hotel like this but it's London so what are you going to do. Motel 6 room size. Very simple furnishings. Only a few channels on the TV. Really just a set of converted apartments. Very nice, calm neighborhood but still a lot of noise from cars all night. Simple single pane windows don't help. We were on the mezzanine floor and when people were walking in the room above us it sounded like a heard of elephants. Staff was friendly.Roughly 5 minutes walk from Gloucester Station and lots of restaurants and a few pubs.Seems that unless you are willing to spend LOTS of money on a hotel, this is one of the best you will find.	
Jun 25 2007 	Good location and clean rooms. Except for...	Stayed at the Avni for 4 nights.Room was clean in a quiet and convenient neighborhood.10 min walk to Gloucester Road tube station.There is also a Tesco supermarket across the street from the tube. This can very convenient and useful if you got a room at the Avni with a fridge and microwave.There is also another 24 hour supermarket 5 mins from the hotel. (except on sunday evenings when they close at 5)Included breakfast was a plus. Serves toast, croissants, juices, milk, cereal and fruits.The room can get hot even on a mild day outside. There is no air conditioning. If you plan to stay in the room in the daytime, look for another hotel as this was was just too warm. If you use the room to sleep only then it could be bearable with the window open (hopefully you get a room where a window does open).Now for the except part....For the first 2 nights we spent it in room 403. The room was small but very clean.In room 402, there were 2 guests who refused to sleep.The first night I was awoken my 2 men having a discussion. It would have been fine if it was a normal conversation. But they seemed to be involved in a heated discussion. They were practically screaming.The walls between the rooms are not very thick. It was as if they were sitting in my room having the discussion.At first I thought they were arguing but they were also laughing so it couldn't have been an argument. Finally around 4 AM they decided to go to sleep after heated discussions among other unmentionable things that would scar any one for life. I complained to the front desk after the first night. But it turned out to be another sleepless second night. They repeated the same actions as night number one. Do these people sleep?A second complaint was made after night number 2. People at the front desk said they were renting the room for 1 month so it was a sensitive matter.Hotel staff should not be giving preferential treatment just because they are renting for a longer period than I was.Does this make me want to stay in the hotel again. Definitely not!!!! Nor would I recommend it to anyone.After further complaints and attempting to check out and finding another place to stay, the hotel staff finally moved us to another room. I would have expected this to have been done after night number one or that they at least speak to the guests in room 402.We did not deserve 2 sleepless nights.If you plan to check into this hotel during the next few weeks, make sure you don't get room 403.	
Jun 17 2007 	B eware of Room 201!!	Beware of Room 201 and, according to a staff member, Room 301. Through some heating design or installation problem Room 201 and its ensuite become very warm. While this may be ok in winter, in spring or summer, the room becomes unbearably hot. We complained after the first night of our 4 night stay and moved to a much cooler and much smaller room. The housekeeper visited us in the new room to apologise, and told us that the problem rooms were only supposed to be used for one night stays! Which really typifies the attitude of the staff in this recently opened hotel. They just do not care about the customers and take no pride in their work or in their hotel. Do not expect assistance in connecting to the WiFi offered in the reception area or in response to any complaint.Generally the facilities are reasonable quality, although some double rooms are tiny and should only be singles, and the breakfasts are adequate, but the whole place is let down by the staff.	
Jun 10 2007 	Just ok for a short stay.	The Avni Courtfield hotel is ok for a short stay of 1 or 2 days, but for anything longer I would look elsewhere.The reception area was very disorganised, with luggage everywhere as there was no luggage storage room. It also looked temporary, with computer cables and cords everywhere. The room itself was quite large, with a small kitchenette downstairs, which was quite handy, with microwave, some cups and plates and cutlery, and a decent fridge. Upstairs (with a tiny spiral staircase) was the bedroom and bathroom. The living space was large, but the bathroom tiny. A couple of lounge chairs would have been a welcome addition. The free WIFI was a bonus. The worst thing about some London rooms is lack of airconditioning, and this was quite noticeable. The room was very hot, even though it was a mild day. One window in the room would not stay closed, it kept opening as the latch was broken. We asked if someone could come and fix it, and were told &quot;There is nothing we can do, the maintenance staff are not coming until Monday&quot;. Eventually, someone did come and look and told us that the screw that was lying on the floor was the way to hold it shut, just use that, so it had obviously been broken for a while. They did not seem to understand that it was not secure (there was a terrace outside and people could have come in), and the attitude was essentially, &quot;what do you want us to do about it&quot;. I'm not sure if I will stay at the AVNI again unless the rates are cheap. Overall it was comfortable, close to Gloucester Road Tube, and reasonably quiet.	
Jun 4 2007 	Not bad for the price	My husband and I stayed at the Avni for 3 nights in May. I agree with most postings about this hotel: it is a good location, rooms are not bad for the price. They did try to go for the boutique hotel thing but seemed to have just missed in my opinion. Lobby is nice enough but hallways are narrow with scuffed up walls, and blue lighting on the stairs could have worked, but somehow doesn't (maybe its the carpet). The elevator is small and slow. The internet did not work in the rooms (you have to go downstairs and sit in the lobby to use it). Breakfast is included and a nice additional value but the music playing from the boom box in the buffet area could be a little quieter and perhaps something other than 90's dance music would be more appropriate at 8am. The reception staff was hit and miss - there was one man who was very helpful and willing to make us reservations for dinner. The other 2 weren't terribly willing to go out of their way to help. Maid service was prompt. Rooms themselves are good size, clean and functional although they could use another luggage rack. Last and most importantly, there is NO Air conditioning so the room was extremely hot and stuffy, even when it was about 50 degrees and raining outside. (We were in a room on Floor 2 so perhaps its a bit stuffier than higher floors). . Overall, not a bad value for money in a VERY expensive city but we wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 1 2007 	Avni was Excellent	Hotel was very conveniently located about a 2-3 minute walk from the Earl's Court tube station. The room was actually bigger than I was expecting so that was a bonus. The room was clean, trendy and the twin beds were comfortable, although I think they're slightly narrower than north american twins but I'm not sure. The breakfast rooms were quite nice and it was a serve yourself situation so you could eat as much as you wanted. There was bread, croissants, jam, cheese, cereal, orange juice, milk, water, coffee/tea, fuit and yogurt. People were sitting in the lobby with their laptops using the wireless internet - it was available their but not in the rooms.The bathroom was very clean with all new fixtures and fittings but it was very tiny. Still it was completely doable as long as you aren't extremely umm wide. Sorry but the reality is that if you have a really wide backside then getting on the toilet and into the shower will be difficult - you can sort of angle yourself in though. The toilet access is compromised by the large heater/towel bar on one side and the shower door on the other. You need to keep the shower door open to be able to get on the toilet and then the towel/heater thing keeps you sitting on a bit of an angle. To bad they didn't raise this rack up off the floor a couple of feet to clear the toilet. Access to the sink is great and really, I am by no means small and I was able to manage very well. I'd happily stay here again so just be prepared.There is a small 2-3 person elevator so you don't need to worry about carrying luggage upstairs, so that was wonderful.	
May 29 2007 	Clean Convenient Value	Small Room but has everything you need. Good Location near Gloucester Rd Tube (Picadilly/Circle/District Lines). Great for Heathrow. Very Clean and Breakfast was fine. Lots of places to eat locally. Very good budget option.	
May 28 2007	Not Bad	stayed at avni in mid May. overall, not bad. good location. 2 blocks to subway which connected easily to most parts of London. We were there 4 days and used the tube a lot. rooms were neat and clean for most part. bring shampoo. they provide little packets that are not much. As mentioned, rooms are small, Bathroom is small too, but workable. daily breakfast was fine. was a little worried about booking this one on line, but after staying there, we were quite pleased. Neighborhood around hotel is nice. walked around the area a few times. nice old church right across the street. Kensington park, hyde park, harrods, and numerous museums in the area too. all in all, not bad.	
May 21 2007 	Tiny rooms good location	The hotel has TINY rooms. It is at the corner of two busier-than expected streets, so even my fourth floor room was quite noisy until very late (the window did not entirely close). The breakfast was typically non-meat English bed and breakfast fare. On the plus side, the room and en suite bathroom were clean, clean, clean. Maid service was excellent. The staff provided an extra blanket and an iron for our use without charge. And the location, near but not right next to the Gloucester Road tube station, is perfect for getting to all sites without changing tube lines often.As London hotels go, the Avni isn't bad. Not three stars, but solid two stars.	
May 11 2007 	A Good Choice	You're not going to be impressed by the minimalist front desk or by the size of your room if you're used to North American standards, but everything else is about perfect for the practical traveller. The room was modern, clean, and comfortable. The washroom was clean and simple. The flat screen tv was just the right fit for the room. Hotel location is ideal, as many have pointed out. I found the 24 hour Tesco (Supermarket) across from the Gloucester station to be very convenient to grab snacks and sandwiches to go at very reasonable prices. Check out the Trobadour Cafe on Old Brompton road for a drink or meal--great atmosphere and was frequented by the likes of Janis Joplin and Jimi Hendrix back in the day. There are a couple of things that could be improved. The continental breakfast was adequate, but nothing special and full sized ironing boards would be preferrable to the mini ones that were provided by the front desk.Overall, would not hesitate to stay at the Avni again.	
Apr 30 2007 	Loved it!	After doing alot of research I decided on the Avni in South Kennsington. I was extremely pleased with the room, service and location. A short walk from the Glouster Road tube, which then can get you anywhere in London with in minutes. So many great restaurants, stores &amp; pubs near by. The neighborhood is safe &amp; friendly. The room is modern and clean with your own bathroom, hairdryer, coffemaker &amp; TV. Having never been to England I relied on pictures &amp; reviews in making my decision. I was so scard I would end up in a small room in a bad area. I was so relieved when I steped off the tube to see a nice area &amp; great hotel. I will definately stay at the Avni if I ever get to England again! I am including a picture of the bathroom so you can get an idea of the size. and also a pic of the hotel &amp; a view from a block away. Have a great trip!Cheers!E.	
Apr 28 2007 	Great little convenient Hotel	A very reasonably priced room (twin - although I had booked a single) - I paid £55 plus a booking fee for one night. The room was clean and fresh, a good bathroom (slightly small - but had all that I needed) with clean white fluffy towels. The room was good for one - if there had been two people it might have felt a bit cramped. But quite honestly for what I paid it was a bargain. I booked it very late and there was no choice about where to stay and I was pleasantly surprised. I was a single woman staying by myself in London and felt very safe. The hotel staff were helpful and courtious. Great location as it is close to Gloucester Road tube and close to most of the Museums (easy walking distance). I have paid much more at other hotels and been horrified - this was so different. Would definitely stay there again. Thank you for a good experience.	
Apr 19 2007 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and thought it was great. The location is fantastic, literally a 2 minute walk to Gloucester road tube station, where you can get the picadilly line to Heathrow, or the circle line (very handy for most major sites). The room was clean and spacious, staff were very friendly and helpful. Only one minor complaint, there was no fridge in the room, which we usually like to keep cold water in, but for the very reasonable price, we didnt mind that. . . .Would definitely stay again.	
Mar 29 2007	everyone is right!	Me and my husband stayed at Avni for five nights in March. All the London hotels reviews on this site were very helpful, so we didn't have many great expectations from our hotel stay. The room on the 4th floor was really tiny, but it had everything you needed in it, hot water, adjustable heating, no noise from the neighbours. All windows in this victorian area of the town (full of other hotels) have single sheets of glass, so it is impossible that the streetnoise doesn't get inside. The TV signal had problems on wednesday and thursday, but from friday it was very OK, don't know why, didn't ask. The staff was very friendly, gave us immediately an extra blanket as we asked for one. Breakfast simple, but plenty of it, good coffee.I think you can't expect much more for the money in any other London hotels of this category! You can stay there too, if you don't have a really bigger budget!	
Mar 19 2007 	Not great but the price is right	We stayed at the Avni for two night in March. First of all do not expect a large spacious room. The room we had was about the size of a large closet with just enough room to walk to the bathroom and the bed. It has a old charm to it, but that's about it. The hallways are barely large enough to walk with your luggage. The bed were hard and the T.V had about five stations, with none of them having good reception. We arrived early and had to leave our luggage until we could check in four hours later. When we finally got our room I was amazed at the size of this closet although I did find it a bit funny. We thought we would make the best of it, until we tried to take a shower and had no hot water. We left to sight see and notified the desk about the water and they assured us it would be fixed. When we returned later that evening they told us the hot water had been fixed, however when we tried to take a shower the next morning, we still had no hot water, so the cold shower did not put us in a good mood. We complained again and they did agree to move us to another room that had hot water. We never tried to breakfast so I can not comment on that. The location is in a nice part of town and walking distance to the tube and tour buses. Also there are several nice restaurants and pubs within walking distance. We asked for a wake up call the first night and never did get one. If you are wanting to stay in this area and the size and creature comforts of the room are important to you, then don't stay here. There are several hotels nearby that are more expensive but also nicer. If you just want a cheap room with nothing special and don't care about the size then you may want to give it a try. I would not stay here again but it did give me something to tell horror stories about. Eat at the Hereford Arms. It is a good restaurant and plus I got engaged there yea.	
Feb 13 2007 	Mainly very good with a couple of niggles...	Booked this hotel for its location and stylish look - boutique, no frills. It is walking distance from the South Ken museums, easy to find, close to the tube, in a quiet and 'upmarket' part of town. The reception staff were friendly and helpful, let us check in early, and the room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and shower good, everything we needed for the night's stay was provided. We had a bit of a laugh about the beds which were on casters and kept rolling around the room uncontrollably when we sat on them! Glad to say they behaved themselves when we slept and were very comfortable, with fresh clean cotton sheets.Our biggest 'niggle' was the TV, which was a state of the art lcd flatscreen but had a terrible signal and there were no watchable channels! The other niggle was that the breakfast croissants were a bit past it. Apart from these fairly unimportant things I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a very good value stay in central London.	
Feb 10 2007 	Fantastic value for money and really not that bad	When i was searching the net for a hotel to stay in for myself and my boyfriend i began to panic that i wouldn't find something nice enough for less than £100 each, but then i stumbled across the Avni Hotel. The pictures and the information on their web page were impressive and instantly attracted me as well as the amazing price of £30 per person per night, including breakfast!!However, when i read some of the reviews i was quite worried about oing ahead and booking a room. Despite this i decided to book because it was such good value for money and i was not let down. The hotel was easy to find and in a perfect location, with amenities and the tube station just a few minutes walk away. The natural history museum, amongst others, were also just down the road. The entrance was clean and contempary and the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Initally we were in a double room on the 5th floor but moved to the 3rd floor. May i stress that this had nothing to do with the size of the room it was due to the room being uncomfortably hot. The window was very small so we were unable to get much ventalation. But, when we asked the staff if it was possible to move rooms they did so straight away and although it was a twin room it was perfect in size and comfort. The only problem with the room we found, was that the door to the bedroom caught the bathroom door and this made it difficult to get in and out. But the bathroom was clean and just the right size. Yes there was noise from outside but it is London and is to be expected!! We did find that we could hear noise coming from the other rooms but we were so tired from sightseeing all day that we had no problems getting to sleep, especially because the beds were so comfy!!! Breakfast was good, with a choice of cereals, fruit, crossiants, toast and yoghurts as well as fresh fruit juices and tea and coffee. There was more than enough to fill us up and we couldn't complain becuase of the price.Overall, the Avni was very comfortable and in a perfect location that was easy to find. The staff were helpful and friendly. The rooms were contempary and had a very modern feel to them, and were just the right size. Although, the hotel has been recently renovated there was evidence of some damp in the bathrooms and down in the basement where breakfast was served but this should not put anyone off. At the end of the day it is difficult, near impossible to find a good hotel in London, with breakfast that is such a good price. Me and my partner will definately be staying there again and have recommended it to our friends and family.	
Jan 31 2007 	Anvi Courtfield	I stayed at the Avni for 2 nights in late January and I think my review is probably going to contradict a lot of the other reviews both with good and bad points! I'd also like to stress that a lot of the gripes in my review are either down to personal preference or are circumstantial and not necessarily a criticism of the hotel itself.Firstly, I'd like to say that this hotel's location cannot be faulted. It's in a respectable, safe area with excellent amenities and is only 5 minutes walk along pleasant streets to Gloucester St tube station which is on Central and District lines &amp; links directly to the Gatwick Express via Victoria. There are restaurants, supermarkets and many attractions are 5 -10 minutes walk away including the V&amp;A, the Natural History Museum, the Science Museum &amp; the Albert Hall.The hotel itself had a mixture of good and bad aspects in my experience.The reception, whilst stylish, looks very makeshift and temporary, (which is partly to do with the design of the desk). I know the reception desk shouldn't matter but first impressions count and despite the desk being made of marble, it looked like it had been placed there 'just for now' and it's not a good look with pc wires trailing and staff being quite so exposed.The staff on arrival were helpful, we arrived an hour early and although a room wasn't available, we were able to leave our bags at reception and return later in the afternoon.The room we were allocated was on the 3rd floor and I didn't find it small at all. I thought it a perfectly adequate size for a double room, although I can see how guests staying for more than a few days may struggle with the storage space. The rooms are decorated in a clean, simple, stylish manner with neutral colours.The bed was far too soft in our opinion and we both woke with sore backs on both mornings, but I guess bed firmness is a personal preference! The bed only had 3 pillows between the two of us and only a sheet and one blanket which didn't seem enough bearing in mind it was January in the UK. Perhaps spare blankets and pillows on top of the wardrobe might be an idea in colder months?In saying that thouhg, the heating was a bit too efficient and more than made up for missing blankets!The heating controls weren't the best and a guide to using them would maybe be helpful for other guests. The room was uncomfortably hot until, on the 3rd attempt we worked out the combination of valves to be turned to switch it off. The room was clean and well decorated, although our panel tv had been put on the wall squint and had a terrible picture on 3 of 5 channels. We didn't bother to complain because we were out most of the time, but in retrospect I wish we had so that other guests might not be bothered.Bathroom- it was clean, towels were clean, shower gel, soap and shampoo were provided - no complaints.The one thing that was a major problem for us was the noise in the room. No noise travelled from either side, presumably due to thick walls, but the noise from above was absolutely awful, especially because we had the misfortune to be below a 1am arrival with insomnia and a furniture rearranging obsession! There is also a lot of noise from the street but that's to be expected in London. I suggest earplugs for any future guests who are less than the deepest of sleepers.Breakfast was nice enough, fresh fruit, 3 types of cereal, yoghurts, sliced bread for toasting and croissants which weren't the freshest I've ever tasted but perfectly edible. Coffee, tea, milk and preserves also available in a spacious breakfast room.At the end of the day I have very mixed views about this hotel, as I say the location couldn't be faulted, the staff were helpful and generally friendly and a lot of what was wrong with my visit could be down to the room we were given and the guests there at the time. However, I do feel that a lot of things just weren't quite right and while you get what you pay for I'd be tempted to say that, in some aspects this hotel is verging on a 2* and not a 3* - hopefully the flaws will be ironed out as the hotel develops, it's not been open long and it could be a great wee place if the little things were looked at.	
Jan 25 2007	Great Value for the Money		
Jan 23 2007 	Great Location Fantastic Value Helpful Staff		
Jan 20 2007	Great value for the price :)		
Nov 29 2006 	Wonderful value		
Nov 27 2006 	Great Location not so great a hotel		
Nov 25 2006 	Some people are too picky!		
Oct 28 2006 	Can't swing a cat!		
Oct 24 2006 	Served the purpose		
Sep 18 2006 	Not too bad....honest!		
Sep 15 2006 	My worst hotel experience ever		
Jul 8 2009 	Orripilante disorganizzazione. estramamente sconsigliato		
Oct 26 2008 	Aceptable hotel en centro Londres		
May 20 2008 	Hôtel 0		
May 8 2008 	Se proprio non trovate niente di meglio		
May 7 2008	altro che 3 stelle!		
Mar 27 2008 	Fuga dal puzza hotel		
Nov 4 2007 	Ottima locazionealbergo pessimo.		
