Oct 4 2009 	Loved La Gaffe	My partner and I stayed here for 10days at thend of a very long European Holiday. 4. months.We run a bed and breakfast in Sydney, Australia, and know a little about the business.Our welcome was very friendly and the beer was especially welcome.Our room was small but with an en-suite. As we were only going to be sleeping in it it was not a problem. It was very clean and the staff were extremely friendly.Breakfast was buffet style and not a cooked breakfast butvery good and filling. Just the thing to set you up for a days sight seeing.The position , very close to Hampstead station is perfect.	
Aug 30 2009 	Authentic home-away from home	Location (not even 2 blocks from Hampstead tube station) superb!!! Upmarket London neighborhood, worth finding out about on its own.Hotel's run by a family of Italian-British family which makes for a nice mix of hospitality and home-like feel, without it being too much.Definitely a must-stay-at when in London!!!!p.s. as for all things in London, space comes w/ a price. Rooms very cute but cosy (small). When put in context/perspective, no biggy at all!!!p.s.s. plan on sending my parents here (not as familiar w/ London). Makes for a comfortable and convenient hub)	
Feb 2 2009	Thinking of staying here? Give La Gaffe a miss	We stayed here in the January 2009 and they said they only had two options available a twin for £95 or four poster for £125 so it's not a cheap deal. We were just visiting friends so decided against the four-poster room as all the rooms were very old fashioned looking and not worth paying the extra. What we got did not even resemble the website and frankly I wouldn't put a dog in the room. The furniture was tatty 1970s G plan that looked secondhand. The 'wardrobe' with half a dozen mismatching plastic hangars couldn't fit a long dress or coat. There were no valences on the beds. The headboards were fake teak. The walls were dusty and depressing and ugly pictures were not even straight. The double-glazed windows did not fit and so we had to put up with traffic noise all night. The en-suite was tiny and in despearate need of an upgrade. Breakfast was only average and for an Italian restaurant the coffee was poor. A good location and not much competition allows these people to get away with this but what motivates them to let out a substandard room when there are others available is only one thing - greed. If you had put us in another room at no cost to yourselves this could have been a very different review.	
Sep 5 2008 	Friendly	The best things about this hotel are the friendly staff and the ground floor restaurant serves nice grub.The breakfast is acceptable, although some warm options wouldn't go amiss.The room I stayed in had thin walls and when someone accross the hall shut their door it sounded like they had really slammed it. Having said that the other guests weren't noisy beggars and seemed to go to bed early so I wasn't woken up apart from a nightmare I had about a scary monster with 3 metal things stuck to his head.The room was small and a bit tired looking. The bathroom was very small and you could actually was your face while sitting on the bog. And the shower was ropey and leaked into the bedroom.However, its in a great location and you can't slate it too much as the bloke who runs it is such a nice bloke.	
Sep 3 2008	Great Hotel!!	We were a little aprehensive about our stay here because of previous reviews. However, it was ideal!!We were attending a wedding at the nearby Burgh House abd the location couldn't have been better. The rooms are small but this is no secret on the website and doesn't hinder your stay at all.The staff were very friendly and helpful and the food was fantastic.We would definately stay at La Gaffe again.	
Aug 11 2008 	Locationlocation location	As we were attending the Diana Krall concert at Kenwood, this hotel was perfectly placed to walk to the venue, which is why we booked it. We had a twin room with shower at the front, which meant there was traffic noise for most of the time, but being a weekend not too bad and it didn't keep us awake.We received a friendly and helpful welcome.The breakfast was what I would call a substantial continental, although I would have liked a choice of at least one other fruit juice(only orange juice available). However, the cup of coffee was one of the best hotel coffees ever, so I'll let them off the fruit juice.The tube at Hampstead is only a five minute walk away.We also were able to have a lovely morning walk on Hampstead Heath, as check out wasn't until 11a.m.we felt that it was goodvalue for money.	
May 28 2008 	A dreary dump	I stayed here for one night with my partner for an event in North London. The staff member who greeted me was incredibly unhelpful, bordering upon rude. When my partner asked him where we could park our car his reply was 'nowhere.' That was it! Another of his colleagues was infinitely nicer &amp; amenable but he could not rescue the overall dire experience of staying at La Gaffe. The decor was ancient, filthy &amp; cheap. Our double room was tiny as was the shower room. There were 6 inches of bedframe either side of the mattress. The net curtains at the window may once have been white but were now dark grey &amp; stiff with filth. I was only too grateful we were out for the evening as I cannot imagine having to spend any time in that room. La Gaffe is close to the tube but also terribly noisy throughout the night, (a Tuesday,) being on the main arterial route through Hampstead. We decided to give breakfast a miss, being so very keen to leave. Quite possibly the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.	
Apr 14 2008	Hampstead Heath	Stayed at LaGaffe at the end of a 2 Month excursion in Europe. The location could not be better. Hampstead is an oasis of calm in London with relaxing cafes and a myriad of unique shops and 5 minutes to the haven of Hampstead Heath where you feel like you're in the country. La Gaffe is friendly little establishment that makes you feel like a welcome member of the family. The rooms are small (typical european fare) and somewhat neglected in the area of housekeeping but the welcome you get and the location more than make up for that. Breakfast is typical Italian style ( cold cuts, cereaL, hardboiled eggs, coffee, etc.,) but the restaurant itself is well worth dining in. Lorenzo trys to make every guest feel like they are the only one that matters and excels at that. I would definitely recommend LaGaffe if you are planning to stay in Hampstead.	
Apr 6 2008 	Comfortable Friendly Family Run Hotel	Stayed here from a late Friday night (arrived about midnight) til Sunday mid-morning. We were upgraded to a larger family room for the same price as your standard double. The hotel itself consists of different buildings joined together. Inside and out the place is well maintained. Our room had a large four poster bed which was extremely comfortable and the sheets and bedding smelt really new and fresh which i liked. We had a small portable tv up on the wall and also a small section for tea coffee making and a small breakfast table. There was a large built in wardrobe and multiple drawers for storage. Bathroom was maintained to a high standard and absolutely spotless, no faults at all, really happy with it and it was quite large aswell!!. We also had a second bedroom at the end of the main room which had a single bed in there, it was quite small but perfect for children. Breakfast in the mornings was quite simple but still had plenty for you to choose from, and the resturant staff was always at hand if you needed anything and were always pleasant and greeted you with a smile in the mornings. Overall a lovely family run hotel in a excellent location, it was just a shame my stay there had to be so short, i would definately return in the future. Also, the people i stayed there with got upgraded to a honeymoon suite for free and got a jacuzzi bath! Highly recommend this place.	
Feb 18 2008 	It's flawless	For a third year running, La Gaffe has been home to my family members and friends visiting me from the States; and, for the third year running, we have been treated as long lost friends. Everyone was made to feel so welcome; the food was delicious and the rooms very comfortable. They have a beautiful dining room and a relaxed coffee bar. It is an oasis in what is at times a busy Hampstead. As for the people, Lorenzo, Salvatore, Fabrizio and staff could not do enough for us, and we had the pleasure of meeting Mr. and Mrs. Stella. Simply put, when my family and friends return, we will stay at La Gaffe, again and again.......	
Feb 4 2008 	Never Never Again	We Stayed for two nights as our son was getting married in Hampstead.The staff very friendly and helpful.Room minute,shabby with hard,lumpy bed and pillows.Bathroom a joke.Awful shower.Not enough room for 2 people to get ready,especially for a wedding.Very noisy,even though we were at the back.Major renovation required.Overpriced and disappointing.Breakfast ok but supermarket bread dry.Yoghurts like milk.Poor selection of overripe fruit.	
Jul 12 2007 	a fine place to stay	Our daughter was getting married in London and we needed a place for family to stay. We were lucky to choose La Gaffe because there is a friendly atmosphere and we felt right at home. Rooms are rather small but HEY this is Hampstead! The heath is so close you can go for a run (or a walk) and cars can be parked for free just 15 minutes' walk away. Food in the restaurant is very good and authentically Italian (served by authentic Itallians). If you want something different here is Safir Morroccan over the road and Tip Top Thai just down the hill, among many others. We would certainly stay here again.	
Jun 14 2007 	Info	Stayed here for 2 nights on a Business trip. I only took the hotel as I could not find anywhere else and managed to secure the family room for £100 per night. The staff were very helpful, the rooms were clean but a little tired in decor. the location is perfect a 3-5 min walk from the tube with a good few places to eat that are local. it can be a bit loud from traffic but you are in London.I would always try and book my usual hotel to London but if it were fully booked then i would stay here again.	
Jun 5 2007 	Unique	The hotel staff were really friendly and it was perfectly placed for our meeting at the Royal Free Hospital. The room was a good size but the bathroom was tiny and the shower wasn't very hot. The rooms were averagely priced for London. Ask for a room at the back as it can be very noisy on the front as it's on the main round through Hampstead. The breakfast was great, with a good selection of foods to suit all. In a great location as their are loads of restuarants to choose from, they have got their own restaurant but we didn't try it.	
Dec 9 2006	pretty good value VERY thin walls	This hotel was pretty reasonably priced for London-not that anything in London is good value. It is really close to a tube station(2 minute walk) in a safe and cute neighborhood, although there isn't a lot happening in the neighborhood itself, just a few restaurants and a park. If you want to go out late at night it might not be for you as the tube stops at around midnight and taxis are really expensive. My room was fine and decorated in a frilly but minimal sort of way, and very clean. It was very small though, ie there was no room on the floor to put down my yoga mat. A few down sides: 1) the bathroom was very small, so if you are a bigger person this could be a real problem for you, and the floor completely floods when you take a shower so don't leave anything on the floor, and 2) the walls are very very thin, so if you want a good night sleep or have your kids with you or just don't want to hear the goings-on of enamoured couples in the room next to you-well be warned, you can absolutely hear everything-in detail. Not great when you have to get up for work meetings in the morning.  Besides that the staff were really friendly and helpful and breakfast was fine (toast, cereal, yogurt, cheese, meat, fruit, tea, juice, coffee, etc). There seemed to be a lot of regulars there who knew all the staff and stayed there often, which I guess is a good sign.	
Aug 13 2006 	Overated	Recently stayed here for two nights, great location in Hampstead village, nice staff but the rooms were very small and not clean, infact the curtains were filthy. The place was rather run down and needs refurbishing. The roof top terrace was a dumping ground and very dingy you could not sit out there. Would not reccommend it.	
Jun 11 2006 	Wonderful Stay	I had a wonderful stay at la gaffe. The staff were so friendly and helpful, the room small but beautifully decorated, breakfast was continental only but pleasant.I would recommend that anyone staying in london stay in hampstead personally, as it is such a lovely place to be (especially on a summer evening) with a multitude of restaurants, bars, pubs and cafes along with the famous crepes van, all in a relatively very safe area. La gaffe is one of the few hotels in hampstead and definitely the best.(also - someone mentioned in a previous review that the hotel is a bit of a walk from the tube station - I just wanted to say don't let that put you off as it can't be more than 3 minutes or so.)	
Jun 4 2006 	Over rated over priced	The booked double room was really, really small. Two people in that room would have been a joke. Could barely stand upright in the bathroom. Breakfast was dreadful. Never again. Nice staff.	
Nov 20 2005	Charming and friendly atmosphere	We just returned after five weeks of travelling parts of Europe. This was our first trip abroad and we were fortunate to stay at the LaGaffe Hotel and Restaurant on the first part of our trip. The rooms were quaint, charming and extremely clean. In all of the four countries we ate, this restaurant was one of the best. In fact, we ate there all 4 nights since we didn't feel there was any better restaurant than this one. They also had the best red wine I have ever tasted and I am not a red wine drinker. The staff was most helpful and we can't say enough about Lorenzo, the manager, his brother Salvadore and Fabrizio, the waiter, who all went out of their way to make us feel at home. Our four nights at the LaGaffe were some of the most enjoyable memories throughout our trip. A big thanks to the LaGaffe and all it's wonderful staff.	
Oct 19 2005	We liked this small hotel	The best thing about this hotel was the staff and the food. The proprietor was extremely friendly and helpful and the restaurant staff was great as well. The room was of course small, per usual European standards, however we found it to be clean, cozy and comfortable. One downside to the room was the lack of any kind of view - the window opened into an odd, covered space, which was over a solarium-type of room. There was a small opening in the space so we did get fresh air into the room (and the bathroom) but it was rather awkward. The restaurant was excellent - we had dinner there several times. The breakfast, which was included with the room, was great as well. The walk to the hotel from the Underground is somewhat long when you have luggage, but it was worth it. There are shops, gallaries, interesting restaurants, and of course, the Heath, which make staying in Hampstead fun and interesting. Be sure to check on the status of the Nothern Line of the Undergroud when making plans for your day trips - the day we needed to catch the Eurostar to Paris, the line was not working at all. This forced us to take a very expensive cab to the train station. Regardless, it was worth it...we will definitely stay there again on our next trip.	
Aug 2 2009 	Absolutely loved it		
