	UNSAFE - avoid at all costs	Due to availability, I was booked into a double room for the first night and asked if I minded being moved to a single room for the remaining 2 nights. My suitcase would be moved during the day, hotel mgmt. assured me. Not only was the suitcase not moved, but two unsupervised minors were checked into the double room. They must have thought Christmas came early, as they completely ransacked the suitcase, stole a number of items, including passport (thrown in bin), stole car keys etc. Hotel management extremely slow to accept responsibility at every stage, even though it clearly is their responsibility and liability, no refund of room costs offered or agreed to once requested insistently, some damages paid after legal action was threatened, still dragging feet on paying remaining damages - may need to take them to court next.Hands down the worst hotel experience I've ever had.	
Nov 2 2009 	Basic but spotless...	Having read previous reviews on this website we were nervous about staying here. Fortunately for my friend and our two daughters this hotel was very nice and staff very friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. The room was big, warm and basic but spotlessly clean. Its very close to Earl's Court tube station and close to all the amenities we needed.	
Sep 12 2009 	My advice is to avoid this so called hotel	Well how do i begin. I was shown the room before paying (only cash or a 3.5% charge on credit card £40 per night) it was really very small i could reach out and touch both wall.It seemed ok, although there was a very unpleasant smell.. Once i was left, I was horrified to discover the dirty, filthy bathroom, the toilet had not been cleaned from the last guest, there was [--] all around the bowl and bits of toilet paper all over the floor... my worst nightmare was realised..I stayed in room 8 top of the stairs, as for a good nights sleep forget it, there was a loud droning noise all night, i tried to sleep with the TV on. As for breakfast, i didn’t bother going back, once was enough.. with only a choice of toast or cornflakes accompanied by really awful instant coffee. My advice is to avoid this so called hotel, it is the WORST place i have EVER EVER stayed in..	
Jul 18 2009 	Escape from the hotel West Cromwell	I’m extremely disappointed with the West Cromwell Hotel management and services. I’ve arrived at 11.00 am of the 1st July after having booked a single room with private bathroom for a fare of £60.The prices reported by the West Cromwell Hotel on the advertisement were: up to £ 35 for a Single room with private bathroom, £ 50 for a Double room with private bathroom, from £ 65 to £ 70 for a Family room with private bathroom; on the base of this information I’ve chosen the hotel (it was a trick?) and I thought to be in a very large room.When they’ve permitted me to access to the room B1, I find something unacceptable: it was an underground room, extremely tiny, with a window in front of a wall, with a single tiny bed, without a wardrobe or something similar where to put may clothes (maybe in their idea I had to put my clothes on the floor, under the bed because it was the only floor available). Indeed a not decent room!!As first thing I asked to the reception if it was possible to change the room because it was not acceptable for me (I’m in London often and I never found something like this in the same hotel category). They said me that it was not possible and so I was forced to look for another hotel and so I did it for all the afternoon wasting my time (warning the receptionist that for this reason I had to leave the hotel the day after). So I wasted all the afternoon finding another hotel and all the day on this issue.When I came back at the hotel in the evening I found a man extremely rude that has threatened me to charge £ 120, if I decided to leave the hotel. My compliments for the hotel policy!In his mind the notice of a cancellation was due 48h (on the website is clearly reported that is 24h) before arrival and I had to stay in the indecent room!But it was not a cancellation, I was forced to leave for the bad service! And the receptionist and that Hotel manager are not able to understand the little difference.After the threats I warned the rude man that he was doing something illegal (and that I had to report this to the authorities) and I had the chance to speak at phone with the Hotel Manager, so I paid only £56. But I’m still claiming against the Hotel for a refund for the very bad service and all the additional costs I’ve incurred for this problem during my stay in London.	
Jul 16 2009 	I was woken this morning by a mouse a foot away from my head	This is by far the most horrific hotel I have ever stayed at and I stay at about 30 hotels a year in London as I live down here Monday to Friday.They advertise direct dial phones in the room. In fact, having now stayed in 3 different rooms over the last 3 nights (don't ask) they don't work as the actual sockets are broken. This contravenes their fire saefty certificate as guests cannot call reception (or be called) in an emergency and this is something I am taking action about with Kensington &amp; Chelsea councils health &amp; safety executive. The hotel is a deathtrap with only one escape route which is badly signed etc.The rooms are filthy. So filthy that I was woken this morning by a mouse a foot away from my head eating through a multipack of crisps and a multipack of Kit Kats. Outside of the window are enough rat droppings to fertilise a whole field. The rooms stink in every sense of the word - they smell awful.They have nice flat screen TV's but unfortunately you can't get a signal on them so have to watch an appalling picture. There are no staff there half the time, I went to check out this morning upon finding the mouse but the only staff in the hotel was a lady who worked in the kitchen for breakfast. The hotel will not refund my nights stay for tonight because there argument is all hotels in London have mice and we have cleaned the room. Kensington &amp; Chelsea councils trading standards department who I just got off the phone to say different and I will be challenging them this evening when I return to this hell hole.I could say fifty bad things about this hotel but I guess hygiene, vermin and fire safety are enough reasons for you to run a mile from staying here.Service is	
Mar 24 2009 	Great value hotel with excellent location	Stayed there for 4 nights for shopping and visiting friends.The location is very good, as it's a short walk to earl's court tube and there's a bus stop right outside of the hotel, as well as a 24h Tesco 100m down the road.The staff were very helpful and polite with any issue I had, no matter what time of the day.Clean rooms, nice bathroom and TV w/ cable.The rooms are small (but this is common in central london), and the sink was clogged, but they switched me to a bigger and nicer room at no extra cost. There is some traffic outside the window of some of the rooms, and sounds travel easily through walls, though I didn't mind as the stay was cheap anyways.	
Mar 22 2009 	Friendly good value Hotel.	We enjoyed our stay here. The Staff were helpful and charming. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Breakfast, continental, from friendly Waitress. Transport links excellent. Local supermarket nearby for snacks, etc! All in all, we would recommend it.	
Feb 22 2009	Excellent value for money a good base for sightseeing	My friend &amp; I stayed for the weekend. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. They helped us plan our sightseeing routes and gave us general advice. Our twin room was a good size with a clean bathroom. All the bedding and mattresses were new. All right the breakfast was only cereal &amp; toast but who wants to pay another £25 - £35 to be presented with a big greasy fry up in the morning that I certainly would not eat and a few more frills on the curtains. Would recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a clean place to lay their head and take a bath / shower whilst visiting London.	
Feb 3 2009	Clean and well located!	I stayed at West Cromwell hotel in the first week of January 09 for 5 days. I found the hotel to be clean and great value for money. The room was well furnished and in excellent condition. The hotel was close to Earls court station and to Tesco superstore, which was open 24 hours (very handy for late night snacks). There is a bus stop just outside the hotel that connected me to central London, which was very convenient. The staffs were very friendly and knowledgeable about the city and were able to help out with all my queries. I will stay here again and will recommend this hotel to others. It was a good find in the heart of expensive Kensington.	
Oct 19 2008 	Stay away from this place !	When I got to the hotel on the expected date with my copy of the reservation, the clerk looked at me as if I were an idiot. Then he found the reservation and told me there would be a 3.5% extra charge if I paid the remainder with my credit card. He was extremely rude. That should have given me an idea of what was to come. When I finally was allowed in my room, almost two hours later, I found a filthy minuscule place. The shower floor was more or less a cesspool, since it never was scrubbed properly, if at all. The towels are not necessarily changed every day. Also there is an electric kettle with teabags and a cup if you feel inclined. I took advantage of this luxury (!) and the cup was never changed during the whole week I was there. Finally, if you fancy a hearty breakfast, you will be disappointed. Two very thin pieces of toast with tea and insipid jams was all I got for my money (55 quid a night for a single, 60 for the last night). In a nutshell, avoid it like the plague !	
May 24 2008 	nice surprise afetr riding the reviews!	I was very nervouse after reading all the bad reviews. Did not know what to expect, esspecially that we arrived late sunday. But we were surprised to find clean rooms, clean batrooms and towels. the rooms was very very small, but, hey! you don't go to london to stay in the hotel room!If you want to stay close to central London, at a good price, I would recomend this hotel!	
May 18 2008	Superb location and value May 2008	This hotel has been recently refurbished so reviews prior to 2007 are a bit out of date. I booked a single room for one night. Given the location, close to the most expensive residential and shopping areas in London, this is excellent value. This hotel is not trying to be what it is not; it provides all you need if basically you are just going to sleep there! Everything very clean and working. Room was small, of course: but if the room was bigger, as in any other hotel, it would have been a double!. Didn,t sample the included continental breakfast - have had quite enough of those on the continent!My room faced the front so obviously there was traffic noise. But the plus is that there is a bus stop right outside the front door, a 24 hour Tescos 2 minutes away, tube station 6 minutes away, and Earls Court Road restaurants, pubs and shops 4 minutes away.I would gladly stay again.	
Nov 27 2007 	Not as bad as the other reviews state!!	After reading some of the terrible reviews for this hotel, i wasn't looking forward to the stay. Especially as the website I booked through had already cancelled my previous booking with another hotel as it had to be refurbished due to dreadful reviews. However my relief to be changing hotels didnt last for long when I read the bad reviews for this one.But my impression of the hotel isnt as bad as the other reviews state. For the amount my partner and I paid (£46 ) and the location of the hotel, 5min walk to earls court tube, I wouldnt have expected it to be more upmarket. The room was clean as were the towels, sheets etc. I inspected the bathrrom on arrival and again found it to be suitably clean. It was also in a handy location, 15mins on the tube from earls court tube, which was ideal for my partner and I as we wanted a night out in central london but didnt want to spend a fortune on a hotel. Sof you want a budget hotel and arent expecting the Ritz then the West Cromwell hotel should suit your needs.One word of warning though, some websites said you can park at Tesco near by for a charge, however you get a parking fine of £70 if you stay more than 3 hours, so park at the near by Homebase which is approx £20 for 24 hours.Have a happy stay. :-)	
Nov 11 2007 	never again	Hello, (Roy and Lin, Bergen Norway)This was the worst hotel i ever stayed, i booked for 3 nights, and payed it in the desk (outside looks ok). I should have looked on the room before, i was very disapointet. Poor,bad beds, sopp,mugg in the shower, would never use it, to dirty looking, we stayed the night, but get out of there the next morning at 7 after we found another hotel in the earls court area, the manager never wanted to talk of the room. He was away when we asked to get another room, maybe not in the basement, where we can look at thrash and rats in the backgarden. There was a fridge, but it looked to dirty to storage food or drinks and noisy too.I stayed in like 40 hotels\motels the last years, this one was the worst, i writed this review for preventing other people making this mistake. I would recomend comfort in just 500 meters from this place, in earls court road. They saved our chelsea flower show weekend a bit. The money i never saw again, but that was my own mistake, should never had payed it in good trust at the desk.	
Nov 7 2007 	Really bad!	Small and old rooms. Shower was in need of some serious cleaning. Hotels lies in the middle of a busy intersection, with lots of sirens all night long. When we tried to check out early one morning, we had to go to the basement and wake up the receptionist.But: It is really cheap, so what can one expect.	
Sep 21 2007 	Shabby. OK if you like roughing it!	Booked in for 2 nights with breakfast included.Tiny single room albeit with ensuite shower room. Place was filthy and in bad repair. Clean sheets on bed, but the travel rug type cover was well grotty, and I wasn't sure if it had been laundered as it was smelly. Bed was a very uncomfy small single which sloped to one side. No plug in the sink for a shave etc. When I asked for one I was told they didn't supply them.I can't comment on the included breakfast as I skipped it wanting to get out of the place in the mornings.I am no stranger to basic accomodation, but this place badly needs cleaning, decorating and upgrading even though it is budget stuff.It was very handy for Earls court tube station, and there was a large 24hr Tesco supermarket 2 mins. along the road.You don't get much for your cash in central London obviously (£40 a night plus they charge booking online, and 3.5% extra if you pay the balance by card when you're there). I won't be back!	
Aug 18 2007 	Pleasantly suprised	After spending a while reading several terrible reviews of the place (and other hotels for that matter) I was expecting a pretty horrific stay. For the relatively low costs (it was London!) I was more than happy with the room. Ok it was pretty noisy during the night and wasn't the comfiest bed in the world but it was pretty clean, spacious and i even managed to climb the 4 flights of stairs after an all dayer! I normally don't bother with reviews but on this occasion I thought it was worth the time as the hotel could probably do with some better reviews than the ones i had read!	
Aug 15 2007	Bad experience	The hotel is rather old, wallpaper peeling of the walls, mildew in the toilet,smell of humidity all over the place. On the internet the management tells future clients that work was being carried out from June, but it was the only building in the street not being worked on ! When checking in I was told there was a 3.50% extra to be paid because I had a credit card and not a debit card ! On check-out morning ,I asked if I could leave 2 bags for a couple of hours and they charged me 3 pounds a bag. The staff was not very courteous and the hotel is very far from any shops ,restaurants or any other facilities. We were certainly not expecting the Hilton, but having stayed in similar hotels in Earl's Court, I would not recommend the West Cronwell Hotel to anybody.	
Aug 27 2006	Bedbugs a specialty	My initial impression was &quot;Seems OK--a little run-down perhaps; but fine for the money. And wow! a private bathroom.&quot; My next impression was of INTENSE ITCHING, esp. hands. That's odd, I thought: the detergent they use for the sheets? Such sensitive skin I have. However, it was confirmed by my doctor after I returned to the US: bedbugs! I guess these are far more common than many realize. I'm of a mixed mind, really. It wasn't a truly terrible experience--just an itchy one. And for reference, those bites take forever to stop itching.	
Apr 21 2006 	Don't Stay There!	You truly get what you pay for. After researching this hotel on the internet and having my London based friend check out the neighborhood I booked a 30 day stay, and foolishly paid in advance thinking if there was a problem it would be sorted out.The bathroom was mildewed throughout, the sheets were clean but the blankets had sperm yep that's right SPERM on them, no telephone in the room (although it was advertised as having one so I had to walk two blocks to make/receive a call as the staff would not let me receive a single call from reception) the wall paint was filthy and peeling, the &quot;breakast&quot; was hot milk and cold cereal, the elevator could only fit one person and ONE bag at a time. I lasted three days--I paid for 30. I am still fighting it and will shout to the rooftops warning all to STAY AWAY from this hotel unless cockroaches, MICE and rooms by the hour are your &quot;cup of tea&quot;	
Nov 4 2005	so-so	Our experience wasn't as bad as other people's. We've of course stayed in better hotels, but we've also stayed in much worse. Our bed was fine, the bathroom was clean, pretty decent location near Earls Court Tube stop, grocery store a block away. The main complaint we had was probably with the staff. Most of them didn't seem to speak much English. They originally tried to overcharge us, I guess not realizing that we had already paid part of it when we made the reservation, but when we pointed this out, they handled it. And as everyone else said, breakfast was absolutely horrible. If you're on a budget, this hotel is fine. You're in London to see the city, not to sit in your room.	
Aug 30 2005	cheap but understandable	This hotel was cheap, the rooms looked very nice. But the cheapness was understandable, since our stay, in 3 rooms, included a sunday it would appear that there was no staff on sunday to service the rooms. Out of our 3 rooms was only 1 room serviced... however, from one of the rooms not serviced on sunday went a bag missing on sunday.I have been in London a dozen times in almost as many different hotels, but this one was the first which asked to be paid in advance, on arrival. (perhaps to prevent people leaving earlier?)I would surely NOT recommend this hotel. I surely won't be staying here again.	
Jun 27 2005 	GET YOUR MONEY READY!!	Poor hotel, tiny room, no air conditioning, shower under the stairs so sloped like hell!! Breakfast very poor, no car parking so had to pay £25 per night at Tescos, for that extra cash would have preferred to go to a better hotel.Will not be back!!!	
May 3 2005	Not bad	Booked on line for 30 pounds per night (same price if you call directly) stayed 5 nights. Not too bad. You must understand something:NOTHING in London costs 30 pounds. You get what you pay for. If you rather pay for touring, food and clothes then what difference does peeling wallpaper, smallish room or tiny elevator really make??? I think it aint bad for the price and I'd rather just sleep for 7 hours and then hit the streets again.	
Apr 30 2005	Despair	I travelled from Australia after booking this hotel based on information on the internet. It had peeling wallpaper, holes in the walls, bad bedding, reeked of cigarette smoke (non-smoking room!) and was distressing to arrive late at night. I don't want others making the same mistake.	
Jun 1 2004	Cheap and Pleasant	It was a great place. Small rooms, but clean and who can beat the prices? When I was there in May, 2004, the cheapest single room was 30 pounds. Breakfast is cornflakes, milk, toast, jam, coffee, tea. Tea, hairdryer, clean towels, soap, tv, remote, and telephone in the room. The receptionist was a lot of fun and very helpful. I'll be staying there again when I go back. Oh, and there's an elevator - small, but it works.	
Mar 31 2004	FricKing A!!!	Great --- ---- hotel. Cheap and cheerful, had a great stay in London, England. Would stay again!	
Mar 17 2004	Needs Help	Its showing its age. Not for the claustrophobic. However, in a good neighborhood, quiet and reasonably clean. Staff and guests were all friendly and helpful. The harty breakfast was a little Spartin.	
Feb 15 2004	Disgusting disgusting!!!	We stayed at the West Cromwell Hotel the last two nights of our vacation. Thank God it was at the end of the trip and not the beginning. To begin, the guy working the front desk had the worst body odor ever! The lobby was the size of a closet and that should have been a sign to turn around and find another hotel. The room was dingy, the mattress was slanted at a 45 degree angle. The front desk informed us that when we were to leave the hotel we had to leave our key with them. WHATEVER! My sister and brother-in-law stayed in another room on the same floor. There was a &quot;John Malkovich door&quot; in their room that was some kind of crawl space--very spooky. Just avoid the complete disapointment of this hotel. The only good things about the hotel are its proximity to the supermarket and the Earls Court Tube Station.	
Dec 15 2003	it sucked!	absolutely horrific! the room was so small I literally had to put my suitcase in the bathroom.First timer, yes. whats up with not giving out bathcloths. the only reason, after constant complaining, they moved me to a bigger room is because the tv did not work. the conteniental breakfast consisted of corn flakes and something that looked like mud which I presume was the coffee!!!!!!!!! pictures are really deceiving	
Jan 8 2003	Poor experience	My husband, sister, brother-in-law and I stayed at this hotel. It was a terrible experience from beginning to end. My sister and her husband arrived one day before my husband and I. They went out for the day and staff would not allow her to leave me a note. When my husband and I arrived, they claimed she had not tried to leave a note! Also, my husband and I had to stay in separate rooms because other doubles were taken (we had reservations made some time before) and because other rooms were unavailable due to some unspecified accident. My room had no light and no shower curtain. The staff refused to move us to a double room even after one became available. Then they had the audacity to tell us that they would not charge us the rate for two single rooms - just the one double! The rooms were never cleaned, the tea supplies not replenished, and the towels were never changed. The staff was unknowledgeable and unhelpful. This was, by far, the worst loding I have stayed in (hostels included) in the UK or the US.	
Dec 16 2002	First Timer	As a first time transatlantic traveler , I booked this hotel for its price. I was traveling with a co-worker who had been a few times and she mentioned few rooms are en-suite, have tv's etc. I booked this hotel at 50 pounds a night for a twin room (25 pounds each). We had a full bed and a twin, a refrigerator , tv, a full bathroom and a kettle. The breakfast was just cold cereal but with a 24 hour supermarket half a block away that was fine. The TV had only 3 channels but they were main ones and we were in our room seldom. They had daily maid service and all were very nice. The furnishings were adequate (no Ritz for 50 pounds) and for the price it was a GREAT deal. I complained my mattress was uncomfortable and they provided me with a foam mattress to put on it. In a wonderful area with a local tube, laundry, supermarket and shopping it was WELL worth the price and I have met none that could beat it. I am booking my second trip now and plan on staying ther!e again.	
Mar 4 2002	Our Stay	I recently traveled to London with a friend of mine, and stayed in the West Cromwell Hotel. While the hotel staff was friendly enough, our room was not. Our television did not have buttons for switching channels, the t.v. frame was taped on. Our showerhead was broken, making it an adventure to wash your hair every morning, and our toilet leaked. Our complimentary tea and coffee was a bit of a waste because our kettle did not work, and even though staff was aware of this, they did nothing to compensate for it. Breakfast is also a bit of a waste, because all that is served is cornflakes and toast. However, there is an excellent cafe a few blocks from the tube on Earls Court Road, that serves huge, reasonably priced breakfasts. Finally, I found one of the hotel porters to be a bit too nosy for my taste. I found out later that he had been telling a friend of mine that I was too busy to speak to him, and telling him of my rendezvous, and not putting his calls through. All in all, the only truly wonderful thing I can say about this hotel, is that I paid a mere 30 pounds per night..I guess you truly do get what you pay for.	
Sep 22 2009 	hotel passable		
Jun 25 2009 	londra a portata di "mano"		
May 6 2009	Hotel West cromwell Londres		
Apr 19 2009 	Für Kurzurlaub in Ordnung		
Feb 22 2009 	je le conseille!		
Jan 5 2007 	SCAPPATE..UNA TOPAIA!!!!		
