Oct 8 2009 	A great bargain hidden away on a quiet street in Bayswater	Is located on a quiet street a few blocks off the bustling and eclectic Queensway in the Bayswater area. 10 minute walk from Bayswater or Queensway tube stops. Queensway Road is lined with restaurants of all ethnic backgrounds. This is not a luxury hotel. The rooms are small and the building is older. However, it is clean, the staff is friendly and helpful, it has an elevator, and it is good value. Continental breakfast, while not great, was okay. I have now stayed there twice and I would stay again.	
Aug 1 2009 	WOW WHAT A FIND!	excellent, good value hotel in a very overpriced city. i usually stay in four star hotels in the paddington area not anymore! i booked this hotel after reading the good reviews posted on trip advisor and i had an excellent stay, the hotel and area are both excellent. the only gripes would be the lack of tea/ coffee making facilities in the rooms and the very basic breakfast, the public areas of the hotel are lovely and the staff are excellent very helpful and you are greeted warmly. so from now on this is the hotel i shall be staying in on my frequent trips to london.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good value great location but small rooms with soft beds.	I've stayed at this hotel twice, so obviously I must have liked something about it. The first time I was only there one night, and was traveling alone so had a small, and I mean SMALL room. It had one single bed in it and a TV that didn't work. I put my suitcase on the floor by the door (was the only place for it) and then couldn't open the door all the way. I could stand in the middle of the room and reach my arms straight out on either side of me and touch both walls. YIKES. But the location was perfect, close to Paddington and the tube and was suitable for one night.The next time I stayed I was with a friend and we had the luxury of a room with 2 single beds. It was still tiny and had a super small bathroom, but it was okay. It was more what I expected out of it the first time around. The TV worked, the window had a bit of a view to the back garden and it was generally nice and quiet. The beds were pretty worn and soft, but other than that it was alright.The breakfast room is in the basement which is a bit odd, but it works and they have a pretty limited little spread. The ladies serving are a bit grouchy too.The good things are the big welcoming lobby, the lift and the little leisure room with a computer that allows you to access the internet. And of course the location. The location rocks.All that being said - if I can find a hotel in the same price range, in the same area, with a bit more room and harder beds and a better breakfast, I'll take it.... but I've yet to find it.	
Jun 20 2009 	Excellent location - friendly staff	I have stayed here before and recommended this hotel to friends and family because of a) its location and b) its feasible rates. It was a relief to see that little has changed. The hotel is clean and quiet, offering small things to make your stay more comfortable: a library with tea/coffee-making facilities, internet access for a modest fee and a small garden court. It is located in a very quiet area conveniently situated near two tube stations and various bus services. There is a shopping centre within a 5-minute walk as well as cafés, restaurants and pubs in abundance.The staff was very friendly and helpful and even let me occupy my room before the usual 14:00 access time.My only points of criticism are the very basic breakfast, my worn mattress and the lack of tea/coffee-making facilities in the rooms.If you are looking for a comfortable, quiet and affordable place to stay in London, the Garden Court Hotel is a good choice. It also feels like a safe area for a single female visitor to stay in!	
Jun 6 2009 	Clean great value hotel in an ideal location	This is a great little hotel in a perfect location. No, you don't have room service,.a concierge, and all the other amenities of a large hotel, but you're also paying something close to a reasonable rate for a spotless room with easy access to the Tube, Hyde Park, and useful bus routes (there's a direct bus from in front of Hyde Park to the Oxford Street shopping street all the way to Kings' Cross station). You won't find a better value for your money in central London, and there were no surprise taxes or fees at checkout. The street is quiet, the included continental breakfast is perfectly adequate (and you can add eggs &amp; bacon for a small fee if you need more), and it's are less than two blocks from a Tesco, a Boots, and a Marks &amp; Spencer (which means you can pick up to-go meals and snacks on your way home in the evening to save more money). There are also several restaurants, reputable banks with ATM's (including a Barclay's), and a small shopping center in the same area. I was there as a woman traveling alone and felt perfectly safe going to and from the Bayswater underground station to the hotel at all hours.My only complaints about the hotel are the beds (time for an update on the coverings and the mattress had seen better days) and that the space for the toilet in the bathroom is VERY narrow. Hard to say what they could do about that; the bathroom had clearly been remodeled in recent years and given the limitations of an historic townhouse, I don't see how it could change. It would be extremely uncomfortable for someone of wider girth. Otherwise, a great little place with friendly staff and easy, safe access.	
Jun 5 2009 	Best value and good location	I doubt if anyone could find better value that this friendly little hotel in Bayswater. Location is wonderful - very close to both Bayswater and Queensway tube stations and a short walk to Paddington station. There are heaps of shops, resteraunts, etc to choose from in the area, yet the hotel itself is in a very quiet and attractive area opposite Kensington Square Gardens. My room was very comfortable and quiet and the shared bathroom was kept spotless. Best of all was the presence of a helpful and friendly staff, led by the wonderful Alecjia. Definately recommended for a budget stay in London.	
May 1 2009 	Good Hotel in a Great Location	The room I stayed in at the hotel was clean and spacious but with coffee making facilities although there was some in a designated room downstairs in the hotel. The complimentary breakfast is a nice touch, you can have cereal, fruit, yoghurts and toast and English cooked stuff such as bacon and eggs are available to buy at very reasonable prices.The pluses about this hotel are that it is quite cheap for a West London hotel and it's location is superb. Both Bayswater and Queensway tube stations are very close by as are a range of good restaurants and bars.	
Apr 29 2009 	This is my go-to hotel for London stop-overs	The Garden Court Hotel is an impeccably clean place (unusual in the price range in London) with the most lovely friendly people running the inn. Let it be said that the hotel is fairly bare-bones, meaning very small rooms and not that many extras by international travel standards. The extras there are, however, are excellent: lovely tea room and library on the ground floor, all-you-can-eat continental breakfast, cheap pay-per-use internet access in the lobby, secure luggage storage outside check-in/check-out hours, and very secure pass-key entry building. This inn offers a lot of comfort and conveniences for its price range; I always stay here on my stop-overs in London.The Bayswater tube station is within a few easy blocks walking distance to the inn and is serviced by the Circle and District lines w/ easy change to the Piccadilly line to Heathrow. The dining along Queensway and along Westbourne Grove is plentiful. There's also the Whiteleys shopping center w/ Odeon theatre, Marks and Spencer, and food court at the corner of Queensway and Porchester Gardens Rd. All of this is within a few of blocks walking distance. Also within walking distance are the Portobello Rd. market and Hyde Park. Best thing about Garden Court Hotel is the owners--such nice people, conscientious about running a good hotel, and always trustworthy with your reservations.	
Apr 22 2009 	Splendid Freindly Service but...	Two things prompted me to decide on taking up this hotel for my 2 nights stay. I was staying in a nearby hotel (very modern, clean and new) for 4 nights with my two children but because all rooms there for 3 pax which should be bigger than the studio we had were unavailable, the three of us had to cramp and my teenage kids were not comfortable. Since taking up another single room there would be very expensive for my budget, I looked around the area for a third single room affordable. It has to be near to my hotel where my children stays. Garden Court was a heaven compared to another I went to 'inspect' within the same vicinity-less than 30 seconds walking distance-plus the staff was pleasant and accomodating. Funny thing was, in the morning I was told (by a different staff) there were no more ensuite single rooms available but when I managed to call again in the afternoon there was. By nite time my children went with me to look at both single rooms with ensuite bathrooms &amp; toilets and also the one without. Their verdict were for me to stay in the ensuite room so I registered, paid, got the keys and left to do my remaining errands and only came back with my changing clothes (brought from my luggage I still kept in the nearby hotel). When I settled down, I enjoyed looking at the lovely decorations in the room; the lamp, the bed headrest, the lovely blue/green bird wallpaper including the TV . But when I went into the washroom/shower room, I can't stop feeling uncomfortable even nauseated with the damp smell of the shower curtain although it is clean (no moss or fungus seen -there could have been a technical mistake done during its washing). Then the sink was just too small, but bearable. While puuting up with the unpleasant smell of the shower curtain, I had to make adjustments to get the best out of the shower experience which was leaking out of the proper route. It, was utterly not enjoyable, it would be better to have a hand holdable one so you can control it better nevermind the small cubicle. That's the last time I showered here. At times I could hear fluid passing through the in walls, maybe sewerage pipes. And also I can smell cigarrette smoke, wherever these come from because I do not smoke and I already shut the windows. I do not mind the creaky flooring, that is so typical of London/ British lodgings and I get used to even enjoy this, but, the spring bed ( I suspect) also goes along with the sound, and that's weird. My room was in the 'older' part of the building so I am not too sure if everywhere else the rooms are the same or much better. I asked to be shown other newly refurbished but was told they are all either occupied, and perhaps they also meant, 'to be' occupied and so cannot be entered. I don't think that is wise, unless ofcourse the establishment are very particular about who they would put in which type of room. I will recommend others to stay here but it will not be within my top choice for my own lodging, since I have experienced it. I would have appreciated it better and choose it if I know the other rooms are not as bad as the one I had, and that next time if I can choose, I take up another newer and more enjoyable room. The location is just perfect though and the staff including those who served breakfast were courteous and lovely.	
Mar 22 2009 	Safe and Quiet	The location was in a pleasantly quiet and safe neighborhood near the Underground and walking distance of Paddington, the latter a big plus since the Underground was closed for repair the Saturday I left for home. Near a variety of restaurants and shops. Shared areas and room clean, majority of staff friendly and helpful. Biggest drawback was the breakfast -- totally uninspired. Cold cereal, yogurt, toast, packaged crackers and cheese coffee, tea included in tariff. Eggs and bacon additional charge. I've stayed in similarly-priced accommodations in London and the option of crusty bakery rolls made all the difference in breakfast appeal.The one breakfast I ate there (I went out subsequently) the 2 women in the kitchen were more interested in talking with one another than helping those of us in the room. We had to approach them at the window for more coffee. Two of us waited patiently while they fnished their conversation, so engrossed they didn't see us there. It would have been easier for all to sit pot on a warmer on the service table.Internet availability in the sunny front room was a nice touch -- one pound a go (for as long as you wished), trust box payment box. Free would be better but times are tough for all and the pound seemed reasonable to me as internet cafes are more costly, you pay by the minute and I've never seen one as bright and friendly as the front room.	
Oct 27 2008 	Good Bargain and Location in London	My husband and I loved the location of this hotel. It was close to a huge variety of ethnic restaurants, two Tube stations, and the beautiful parks of London. Our room was small and the decor was funky, but it was in the back of the hotel and very quiet. Alicia at the front desk was very helpful to us both before and during our trip. We liked the breakfast, and I had a nice cup of tea each evening before bed!	
Sep 5 2008 	Very Pleasant Stay	Good location, good value, friendly and helpful staff, nice rooms.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Location for shops the tube and the park	Initially stayed in a twin room with mum but the place was so good/convenient that I ended up staying in a double with my partner later and finally in a single room the night before flying home. Easy taxi ride to Paddington for the Healthrow Express. Short walk to the underground.From time to time you could hear the street noise (not double glazed) but in a fairly quiet area anyway. Felt very safe and welcome. I got sick and ended up coming to stay a week here between travels. Shopping mall nearby with chemist, supermarket and cheap meals. Nice restaurants nearby also, short walk to the gardens. Moderate walk to catch one of the red tour buses. Moderate walk to Notting Hill and Porabello MarketStaff very helpful / friendly. Internet available for a small fee. Breakfast provided: fruit, cereal and toast but in very generous amounts. Elevator to most levels, did have to climb some stairs to single room. Good quality furnishings for price. Room had tv with good range of channels, bathroom small but nice. Attractive wallpaper and beadspreads different in each room - good character. Great tea/coffee room - with wide range of books to borrow.Good external security and individual door locks. Felt safe walking in the area at night.There is a massage place in the shopping mall which was very welcome after carrying such a heavy bag!	
Jul 16 2008 	Simple but clean!	I stayed for one night at this nice little hotel. I chose it mainly because of its great location, its price and other reviews I read. The interior disappointed me a little - it looked nicer in the pictures. On the other hand this was the only disappointing bit. The room was very small, quite old and simple, but clean. I had a toilet and shower just outside my room that I didn't seem to share with anyone even though it was public. The only new item was the tv which worked fine. I slept surprisingly well. Breakfast next morning was just fine. And the service was excellent - nice helpful staff!	
Jul 5 2008 	A Decent Place for the Budget Traveler	Quite simply - London is overpriced, but this little hotel is a decent value for the budget traveler. We stayed here for four nights in early July 2008, 2 adults and 2 teenagers. Room had no AC which is not surprising in London however with a couple of days in the 80s we could have used it. The beds were very comfortable but the bathroom (especially shower) were strange add ons to the original floor plan; speaking of floor, I thought I might fall through in a few places. The location, 5 minutes walk from Bayswater station is convenient. Note that the there are many shops/restaurants/markets etc near Bayswater but it's a pretty noisy place with the occasional unsavory types walking around. Breakfast was downstairs in a fairly cramped room, limited selection but they do bring you warm toast. London is such a big place with so many options, but after doing our research and staying at the Garden Court it's probably as good a place as any in the price range.	
Jun 11 2008	Good hotel at a good price	I stayed in the single room without private facilities for two days. However, the shared bathroom and toilet was just outside next to my room and I did not see anybody else using it during my stay. The room was very small, approx. 6 square metres, but equiped with all you need: bed, washing facilites, small cupboard, small table and flat TV (only english programes).One negative point was the noise. First, the bad windows. Although my room was facing the courtyard, you could hear perfectly every word from outside. At the first night, young people have been screaming so loud in the night that I woke up. Second, the bad isolated door. As my room was between the ground and first floor, I also could hear when people came home in the night. Regarding cleanliness, the room was okay for me, although not spotlessly cleaned.The breakfast is very limited - you get coffee, juice, toast with jam but for a british breafast you will be charged extra for each item. Even for eggs you are charged.There is an internet corner where you are charged 1 Pound per usage, but as they do not control this strictly , you can also ignore it: there is a box where you are supposed to insert money. They also offer a room where you can get coffee and tea during the day. There is a courtyard where you can sit in summer. Certainly, the hotel has some proper style. The hotel is about 3 min walk from Bayswater tube and 5 minutes from Queensway tube. The hotel is next to Queensway road. There you find a lot of shops and international restaurants and the famous Whiteleys shopping centre. For a person who likes asian food, this is absolutely the right area: you can eat authentic asian food here. Also persian, indian, british, marrocain restaurants and many more are present. There are other tourists but also many London inhabitants come to have dinner here with their families.The prices are very moderate, as it is not a very touristic area. Furthermore, there are also two small supermarkets (Tesco Express, and Spar) where you can buy sandwiches, drinks, etc.Summarizing, the hotel was quite good for the prize compared to the others which are of the same category. I would stay here again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Clean Affordable Hotel	We stayed here last June 2007 for 5 nights. There isn't anything special about this hotel, but it is very clean, affordable, and free breakfast! We looked all over for affordable hotels in London, but didn't have much luck. Garden Court was recommended to us through some friends and also read about it in Rick Steve's book (you get a discount if you tell them about his book). The rooms were simple, but just perfect if you don't spend much time in your room. There is one computer with internet (they ask for a pound every time you use it). Make sure you use it before 11pm, because they will kick you out. A small lounge area with 2 chairs are set up in the back by the garden. They have coffee and drinks throughout the day, which was nice after coming back from a long day. The breakfast is the same every single day. If you want something different than toast, cereal and bananas, you can pay more for that. The breakfast got old after awhile, but I guess anywhere else in London it would be expensive. Garden Court is in Bayswater (exit off Bayswater from the tube station and walk about 10 min). It is further from central london, but it was nice to be away from the craziness of downtown London and be a little bit more peaceful. We chose a central place because we were going to Wimbledon so it is a good location for that as well. The subway is the way to travel. Make sure to get your oyster card!!!!!! I would recommend this place to everyone wanting a clean, affordable and good location to visit the sites in London.	
Jan 16 2008	Will definitely stay again once the dollar rebounds	We stayed at the Garden Court in June 2007 and we absolutely loved it. Our room was clean and quiet (it overlooked the back garden) and while it was not huge or glamorous it suited us just fine. The staff is pleasant and helpful and I would not hesitate to go back.In the past I have stayed in Kensington but much prefer this Bayswater area. Being within walking distance to Notting Hill and so close to the tube station is also a big plus. The Thai restaurant on the high street is cheap and tasty and being able to run to Boots ot Whiteley's for treats (we got popcorn from the mvie theatre so we could watch Eastender's in our room one night) makes it an even better location.	
Jan 2 2008 	Good choice	We stayed at the Garden Court late December 2007. With the current exchange rate from USD to GBP value was our main objective. This hotel is a good value. We reserved with a room rate of 75 pounds a night for a shared bathroom double room. They upgraded us to a private bath room and gave us a 10% discount with the 2007 Rick Steves' Paris guide book. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean. The free breakfast was adequate. We were initially concerned about its location, but quickly learned that it was close to a Tube station, which made it very easy to get everywhere.	
Nov 29 2007 	Garden Court Hotel was perfect for me	I was completely happy at Garden Court Hotel. I always stay in this area when I'm in London, and I will definitely stay at this hotel in the future. Everyone was friendly and helpful; room was warm and comfortable (sink; tv; phone; hair dryer; ample storage space; desk); breakfast was fine (yogurt, cereal, toast, fruit, coffee, tea, juice); bathroom was very clean. I loved the sitting room with free tea, coffee, and hot chocolate; full bookshelves; and cozy armchairs. I was VERY lucky to have a solitary single room up the first half-flight of stairs -- there was no one on the other side of any of my walls, and I didn't have to share my &quot;shared&quot; bathroom! I will always ask for this room (#4). The price is great for London, and terrific for the service provided. I think the location can't be beat -- I walked to Paddington Station and used the Heathrow Express to get to &amp; from the airport (completely hassle-free, and the total commute was well under an hour -- 15-minute brisk walk and 15-minute train). Two thumbs way up!	
Nov 19 2007 	not worth the price	We chose this hotel based on previous trip advisor reviews and I was disappointed with it. The walls were very thin so when everyone else got up, you got to hear their showers, opening and closing of drawers, etc... The room did not have a phone so if you needed to contact the front desk you had to walk there. The decor was very tacky making the room less homey. Unfortunately, while we were there the elevator was broken so ~90% of the time so we had to climb up to the third floor.On the plus side, the bed was quite comfortable, the shower decent , and the included breakfast was pretty standard (toast, tea, cereal, fruit, yogurt, coffee). The staff was friendly and nice.Overall if you are a relaxed person willing to go with the flow this hotel was fine but otherwise, I would chose somewhere else to stay.	
Nov 13 2007 	Great location.	Great location, street is quiet, but you have quick access to 3 subway lines. Nearby street has lots of restaurants and one of the best Chinese restaurants in the city.	
Nov 3 2007	Garden Court October2007	The Garden Court has been well described in the prior reviews. It does feel like a home. In addition to what was mentioned, there is a small room off the lobby that has tea,coffee, etc and travel books as well as novels to borrow. There is another room that has comfortable furniture and a computer with printer for your use. Alicia , the receptionist we had most contact with and all of the breakfast staff were very pleasant and helpful. This is a simple, clean and well run small hotel in a wonderful neighborhood of London. Space and bedding depend on which room you get as, even with similiar occupancy and cost, they are not all equal. I marked it as &quot;above average&quot; because it is very reasonable to be in that area of London.	
Jul 16 2007 	Lovely Bed 	My daughter and I (from Denmark) just enjoyed a 5 night stay at this lovely bed and breakfast. We had a room on the 4th floor with a modern bathroom, 2 single beds and a 20-inch flatscreen tv. The hotel rooms were cleaned expertly, the staff was very helpful, the hotel was lovely and charming, and the breakfasts were adequate - cheese, yoghurt, cornflakes and musli, toast, fruit, coffee and tea. the location was excellent just a few minutes walk from 2 underground stations - Bayswater and Queensway, and just a couple of minutes from Hyde park and Portobello Road. Whiteleys shopping center is just around the corner, where there are stores, a cinema and an excellent Marks and Spencers supermarket. All in all a wonderful place.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great location	I stayed at the Garden Court on two separate occasions in May 2007. I found the hotel itself to be a pretty typical &quot;budget&quot; hotel -- older, but clean and well maintained. London is very expensive, so if you need more luxury, plan to pay more. The staff was helpful and friendly. But the best thing about the hotel is its location in the Bayswater area of London, near grocery stores, laundromats, internet cafes, a mall, reasonably-priced restaurants, and other conveniences. It is close to a Circle Line tube station, which will take you to many of the major tourist attractions, and is walking distance (15 minutes) from Paddington Station, where the Heathrow Connect and Express trains come in, so you can avoid taking taxis to and from the hotel. Downsides are that only the continental breakfast is free of charge, they charge for bacon and eggs and don't offer a &quot;full English breakfast.&quot; And although they do have a computer available to guests, they ask for a pretty pricey honor-system &quot;donation&quot; for each use, which is not too bad if you want to use it for an hour (although other guests are also wanting to use it) but is a lot if you just want to check email quickly several times a day. I'd definitely stay there on future trips to London, particularly if I was going to be there for several days and needed to save money and be near conveniences.	
May 15 2007 	Ok - But Not The Best	Stayed at the Garden Court recently based on trip advisor reviews and Rick Steves' book. Not quite sure how anyone could give this hotel 5 stars, maybe 3, but certainly not 4 or 5. I had a single room that clearly was a closet in a prior life. It had a strong musty smell that didn't go away. The continental breakfast was fine, but don't expect anything other than toast and packaged cereal (you can buy eggs and bacon for an extra charge.) On the plus side, it was very clean, the staff (primarily folks from Eastern Europe) were very nice and the location is good and convenient. This is clearly a budget choice, perhaps budget +. Anyone else expecting more (as some reviews have indicated), will be disappointed.	
Apr 23 2007 	Wonderful Stay and Great Value!	My daughter, grandson, and I stayed in 2 rooms at the Garden Court Hotel. It is one of the cleanest places I have ever stayed, it is completely non-smoking, and the hotel staff were incredibly pleasant and helpful. The rooms are comfortable with good storage. The ensuite bathrooms were on the small side but provided everything we needed. Location is great - walking distance to Whiteley's Centre, 2 tube stations, plenty of places to eat, plus Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens are close by. I would certainly stay there on my next trip.	
Apr 7 2007 	excellent stay convenience is perfect for families	We are just finishing a visit to the UK and stayed at the Garden Court for 5 days last week. The staff was helpful, rooms were extremely clean and the hotel is very secure. As mentioned in a previous review the bathroom was small but we had plenty of space in our room for us and our two children, ages 4 and 8. The convenience of this hotel is outstanding - many restaurants, 3 grocery stores (two smaller and one larger) are within 5-10 minutes' walk, as is a drug store (about 3 minutes' walk). This made picking up &quot;picnic&quot; foods and other supplies very easy. There are also many restaurants in the area and two tube stops are within easy walking distance. Lastly, the Princess Diana Memorial Playground (in Kensington Gardens) is only about a 10-15 minute walk, and our children loved it. All in all, and excellent stay with great amenities close-by!	
Apr 6 2007	garden court hotel is a good clean place to live	i found garden court hotel as a budget hotel selection from lonely planet london guide and then checked out the reviews here in tripadvisor forum london. the room i was given was clean..they changed sheets and towels were promptly provided every day..the service was excellent as the staff were always happy to help you with whatever you needed..may it be directions or where to eat..they always had something good to contribute..i had a single room with no bath for 45 pounds/night. you would think that this would be a problem but no..the bathroom was always available for me when i needed a shower. there were no queues at all. the breakfast buffet was sufficient and the minimal charge for an order of bacon and eggs save you lots from having to eat breakfast outside. the closest tubes are bayswater and queensway and you pretty much have easy access to all the areas of london..this place is good for the money and i would not hesitate to stay here either by myself or with my family..	
Nov 10 2006 	Over-rated	The basic rooms are, well, basic and are small and fairly clean except for the water stains from upstairs and the peeling wallpaper in the one I had. No tea or coffee making facilities - you have to go down to reception for that. Unless you have an en-suite room, you'll have to go up or down a few floors to find a toilet. Oh, and in the morning, get up early if you want a shower, or join the queue!Staff are really friendly and helpful and the buffet breakfast is good.	
Nov 9 2006	Clean safe good value	I stayed at the Garden Court Hotel for a week in October 2006. I was able to save a good deal of money by staying in a single room w/o bathroom. This property is about an 8 minute walk from the Bayswater tube station. The room was very small, as expected, but clean and well appointed. It contained a single bed, small desk, 13&quot; TV, sink and window overlooking a small garden. The only communal bathroom was on the second floor staircase, but never seemed busy. The complimentary breakfast was basically a selection of cereals, fruit and toast w/ coffee or tea. The Garden Court Hotel is a good choice if you're looking for a place that is a step up from youth hostels, clean, safe, yet more affordable than most London hotels. If you have higher expectations and plan to spend a lot of time in your room, you may be disappointed.	
Sep 10 2006 	Clean Safe Convenient	I stood in a triple room with my two children and we found the hotel to be very very clean, comfortable and quiet. We caught the end of the Notting Hill Carnival so the last couple of days were a bit noisy, but it is a city after all! The location was very convenient and we felt safe returning to the hotel late at night - the area is bustling with what seemed like alot of young backpackers. The breakfast was filling (yogurt, fruit, cereal, toast, butter) although eggs and bacon are charged extra. They have installed internet access in the lobby which started out free, but then there was a tin requesting 50p a go a few days after we got there. It was convenient for booking tickets and checking things here and there. We were not in our rooms much as there is always something to do in London - theater, museums, etc. I think that for a budget London Hotel, this is a good one.	
Aug 11 2006 	Clean Safe and Worth It!	Travelling alone, I was looking for a reasonably priced, safe London hotel and the Garden Court fit the bill. The room was very clean if a bit small, and the price was great for staying in London. The staff was also friendly, helpful, and happy to accomodate. The neighborhood has great places to eat and shop, and the hotel was convenient to the tube as well. And, even though the hotel is in the middle of the busy city, its location off a quiet square made for a peaceful night's rest. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2006 	Okay	We stayed at the Garden Court Hotel for our last night in London before flying home (we were there August 7th). The hotel is clean and secure. Unfortunately, when we checked in the lift was broken and we were put on the 3rd floor. Not fun lugging the bags up the stairs. The room was clean and sunny. We did have a fan in the room (no A/C). The bathroom was small but adequate. No shampoo or washcloths provided. Location was a few blocks from the Bayswater Tube stop (be aware that this stop doesn't have a lift so you have to carry your bags up the stairs) and lots of restaurants. It's on a quiet street so noise isn't an issue. Breakfast was good and included in the hotel price.Overall, it was okay. If you want to stay in the Notting Hill area and have easy access to shopping, restaurants, Kensington Gardens/Palace, etc., this is a good value.	
Jul 15 2006	My Favorite Family Hotel in London!	Stayed here with my husband and two teens in a small but comfy room with two double beds and the bathroom down the hall. The breakfasts were terrific. The tea in the afternoon was lovely. The staff made it a real home away from home. All for a price that makes the trip affordable !	
Jul 6 2006	Great home base in London	We booked here because of reviews on TripAdvisor, and were not disappointed. The place is secure (locked door, unlike a hotel down the block which always had its door hanging wide open), spotlessly clean, well managed, and friendly. We were in Room 315 right next to the lift, which wasn't a problem as the lift barely makes any noise. This hotel is on a quiet street across from a little park, yet it's just a block away from busy Queensway and Porchester, both of which have affordable and fun restaurants, cheap Internet access, and all the services you need (like a grocery store and Laundromat). The closest Tube station is three blocks away, and there's another one (on a different line) in another two blocks, which is nice in case one of the Tube lines isn't operational -- you have two lines to choose from. The front-desk receptionists were friendly and helpful whenever we had questions. Breakfast is not the full English breakfast with sausage etc., but we were staying there for nine days and would not have wanted that kind of heavy meal every day, so we felt the yogurt, fruit, cereal, toast, etc. was just fine. They have lots of people serving the food and beverages and cleaning up plates, so it's not like you're grabbing food from a buffet line... the breakfast room is sunny and pleasant and the service is fantastic.We would definitely stay here again if we come back to London.	
Jun 24 2006	Budget Travel - Basic yet clean 	The Garden Court Hotel provides a good value for the price in London. There is a lift, which is nice at the end of the day. The rooms were basic and clean. Our room had a small shower and sink but the toilet was two flights down which could not be accessed by the lift. This was not a problem for us, but could be for others. No AC for hot days. The breakfast was a continental one and eggs and bacon cost $10 - $11 extra. The Polish server was very friendly. The hotel is about 3 blocks from the Tube. The neighborhood is lively with Internet access, shopping and restaurants.	
May 10 2006	Perfectly adequate PQR	Above budget HotelGarden Court Hotel Perfectly adequate for valueHotel has web siteVery well situated reasonably quite roadnear Bayswater local residents live aroundscores of restaurants shopping centre price £42 sno private facilities £92 double with was in 501 clean smallish Good hunting	
Apr 24 2006	Garden Court: Finally a Great Small Hotel in London	I was ready to swear off ever staying in London again after the last trip when I felt like I was dropped off in the wrong country. In fact, I defaulted to London after being unable to find accommodations in Windsor (something about Legos). So, after reading TripAdvisor, I settled on the Garden Court, and figured they were up to the challenges of a sophisticated traveller with a chip on her shoulder after the last dump I landed in somewhere in London on my previous trip.What a wonderful surprise. The Englishness of it all! Exactly what I hoped for. No! Better than I hoped for. The Garden Court Hotel is like staying with your Great Auntie and long-lost cousins in England. My room was perfect...roomy and no stress. Big room to accommodate the piles I must have for books, papers, and the rest of it all. Mine was smaller, like the one at home, but a well-designed, pretty bathroom. 100% clean. (My compliments to the cleaning and maintenance staff.) Breakfast was good.From the very start, with email, the graciousness of the staff was evident..Paul was eager to host me and my quirks. Upon arrival, our man Edward at the desk, was so hospitable and helpful. He mapped out my &quot;Princess Diana&quot; walk through Kensington, based on her route for walks with her boys. My nighttime foray was pleasant and fear-free. I always like to stop at a drugstore to cruise the aisles and get a feel for the neighborhood, and Boots was such fun, with great employee advisors for dry travel-skin.I loved the little parlor adjacent to the lobby. It was just like being in a real home, where I could sit and write my notes, planning for the next day in an authentic lovely residential environment.Edward also made arrangements for an on-time cab to arrive obscenely early the morning of my departure with a fare that was less than I expected! To me, this means that the Garden Court has the respect of fellow local businesses. Edward is the person to dream of as one's personal concierge and host: elegant, helpful, kind.I highly recommend this hotel. It is possible to get an English-style hotel! What a relief for this Anglophile to be reassured that the fine traditions of a stay in London still thrive at this hotel, and with its wonderful location for access to all of that great city. &quot;Night-people&quot; will find plenty of 24/7 action in the opposite way from my preferred direction. This hotel is perfect for families, and for solo-women travels like myself. The little nieghborhood transports one to a home-away-from home, with trees, sidewalks, real people, and a lovely little park right across the street. Jane Austen would approve.The hotel is very reasonably priced, so I was able to buy some must-have lime green loafers at the nearby Ecco shoe store (&quot;shoe&quot; people know that the proximity to an Ecco store counts big-time). My shoe sales guy was hilarious and insisted that these bright green shoes were perfect for a Papal audience coming up in Rome (I did wear them!). And, I had dinner at the Sticky Fingers restaurant which had lousy food but great style and experience as one would expect from a Rolling Stone. I don't regret this choice, the wait staff made up for the dehydrated apples in my salad.I wish I had pictures of the hotel, but pictures never capture the fine art of service and the excellent vibe.My thanks and compliments to the staff and owners of this hotel, and to TripAdvisor for helping me find it. As we say in California, &quot;I'll be back.&quot;	
Apr 23 2006	Dreary	I mean, I guess if you are on a budget and just want a place to lay your head - this place will do. But if you want to enjoy your surroundings in the least bit - do not go to the Garden Court. I hate to say this but its true. The main hotel where I wanted to stay in Notting Hill - The GuestHouse West - was full on 1 out the 3 days of my stay in London. So I opted for this place based on the TripAdvisor reviews for the one off day. I really have no idea what the folks that raved about this place are talking about.. 15 minutes after checking in I was immediately on the phone with the GuestHouse begging for a cot in the basement. They were great to refer me to a better hotel in walking distance and I was outta the Garden Court within 30 minutes of arrival. The stained bed linens were the final straw or maybe it was the midewed bath area (I can't even call it a room). Learn from my mistake. Unless you are a student or a person who has no qualms with dropping your bags anywhere and sleeping wherever the wind takes you, go elsewhere. :*(	
Apr 11 2006	excellent all around hotel	My mom and I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Garden Court Hotel. We were pleasantly surprised! After staying at other hotels in Europe where only 1 person can stand up in your room at a time and everything gets wet in the bathroom when you take a shower, our room at the Garden Court Hotel was a welcome change! We had booked a twin room, but got a room with a single bed and a queen bed and plenty of space. Each of us had plenty of room to spread out with our things. Each bed had its own reading light which was very convenient. We also had an &quot;en suite&quot; room which was very adequate and the shower had a door, hot water and great water pressure. The best part of the entire hotel was the elevator!!! After a long day of touring/walking around, it was nice to have an elevator take us up to our room instead of walking up multiple flights of stairs. This was also helpful when we arrived and departed with our luggage. The location is really fantastic because the hotel is in a quiet and safe neighborhood. There are plenty of places to eat and shop only minutes away (Whiteleys) and the tube and bus stops are only a 5-10 minute walk. Also, Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park is only a 10 minute walk away. Breakfast was quite adequate and kept us going until mid day.The only thing I would caution against is making a phone call from your room. The in-room info says it will only cost 18 pence per minute, but I called a friend's cell (a local number) and we talked for 8 minutes. This call cost me ~GBP7 (~$12)!Despite this charge, I would highly, highly recommend this hotel to anyone who likes cozy hotels with character and doesn't need a full-service type hotel. My mom and I would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 28 2006	Hidden Gem in London	We rate the Garden Court Hotel &quot;excellent&quot; with a lot of travel experience; this establishment is truly the hidden gem in London.The rooms, while cozy, are immaculately kept. The service (front desk, breakfast, room cleaning) are top rate and the personnel very, very friendly. And while we found the room cozy, unlike other establishments there was plenty of space to move around, pack your things, etc. Also, the included breakfast was more than filling, and the service top-notch. You'll enjoy talking with the wonderful, helpful and kind women in the kitchen.As Americans, we are used to having a personal bath with the room, so we chose to do the same here--the small additional charge was well worth it. The (cozy) bathroom was clean, new, and the water almost too hot to bear!The hotel is literally an 8 minute walk to Bayswater Underground, so all of London is within reach. The price is very competitive when one considers the prime location. If you have a choice, stay here!For tourists with children: Room 106 is your choice! Plenty of space, a queen size bed for parents and single beds for two children. You have your own bathroom (the shower temperature locks to avoid scalding), and the windows overlook a small park--so silence all night is the norm. Our son has asthma so the cleanliness of the hotel was a great plus. Our seven day stay in London was a pleasure, knowing we had the Garden Court Hotel to return to each night.	
Nov 21 2005	An amaxing deal	We booked this hotel on line and I was a bit skeptical as I really wanted a 5 star hotel at 2 star prices. That's what the Garden Court is. The place must be London's best kept secret. We went in Nov. 05 and we had a small, but spotlessly clean room facing the street. The furniture was all new, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean, modern and had lots of hot water. The room was quaint with attractive wallpaper on the walls. There was no noise from the street as it's a quiet residential area facing a park.Breakfast is included and is a buffet offering 3 types of cereal, buns, toast, yogurt, cheese and fresh fruit, tea and coffee. If you want bacon and eggs you have to pay extra. If you want to judge the hotel by their china, everything was new Johnson Brothers - not cheap stuff.There's a little library where tea, coffee and hot chocolate are available all day. The hotel is a maze of nooks and crannies, making it a very interesting place. It's owned and run by a Polish family and they were all very helpful. We'd stay here again without any hesitation. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Bayswater tube, which we found very manageable pulling our suitcases. Take the Picadilly line from Heathrow and save yourself a pile of money for an extra 5 minute trip.Queensway Street is full of shops and restaurants and the choices can be a bit overwhelming. We had 2 superb meals in Whitely Square mall, just on the corner. Go to the very top level and try Tapa or next to it is Yo! Sushi. You'll find lots to eat at either place even if you don't like seafood or spicey food.Hyde park is at the top of Queesnway. We opted for a day at Camden Market which was amazing and went to see Phantom of the Opera at night. Highly recommend both.	
Sep 21 2005	Very Nice for the Price	Great location, a short walk to the tube. Lots of great restaurants nearby. A real bargain by London standards. Breakfast was well above average, and the whole staff was really pleasant. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 28 2005	Great hotel	Stayed with my family. friendly staff and great location. very clean and had nice room over looking garden. They have just put in a new elevator. Will definetly return when next in london.	
Dec 16 2004	Forget about it!	Gloomy rooms, dirty public bathrooms and tiny restaurant with poor menu offer!Besides I`ve stuck in elevator three times!	
Dec 16 2004	What did I pay for?!	What can I say;small rooms,old furnitures,carpets and bathrooms for the very high price!Yes they have few new rooms but stil it is too expensive!	
Dec 2 2004	Great experience	I had some friends coming to London and we all loved this Hotel. They have recently refurbished their rooms and put in a lift. The rooms were very clean and really beautifully decorated in an individual style. The breakfast was good and the staff really friendly and helpful. It is family run and they are young and knowledgable about London . My friends found it easy to get to all their destinations in central London. We all thoroughly recommend a visit.	
Aug 7 2004	There must be a better place	The guide books made this place sound good, but we arrived to find the building covered with scaffolding, front and back (including the window of our room) and no working elevator. I had to ask the desk clerk to help us (my mother is 75) get our bags up several long flights of stairs. We had a small, not-very-stylish room and a tiny bathroom. The plumbing of the bathroom next door sounded as if we were driving through a car wash when they ran the shower. After going all the way downstairs to an uninspiring breakfast and then climbing all the way back up to our room, Mom opted for a nap rather than a walk around the neighborhood. A fairly expensive disappointment.	
Jun 17 2004	Good Clean room	The hotel was clean and kept in good condition. Our room was spacious with a mini-hallway, large bathroom and bedroom. The best part: excellent water pressure and temperature control in the shower, a much-appreciated feature after hours of travelling.	
Jun 14 2004	Cloistered but Safe	I stayed at this hotel April 17-April 24, 2004. The location was fantastic and the morning breakfast, offered no variety but was well served and prepared. The staff was great. I felt very safe there. Complaints - I arrived on a 7 am flight and could not get into my room until after 1 pm. The room was the smallest room I have ever seen. The door led directly into the bathroom sink - two steps in and you are against the sink. There was not enough room for two people in the room, I had to meet guests in the lounge. The neighbors across the garden were loud most nights. My phone line did not work the first two days, but they changed it. They are putting in a lift, I had to walk under scaffolding and workers several times a day. 	
Jun 11 2004	Cheap but okay.	I just recently stayed at this hotel. I didn't like that whenever you take a shower water gets all over the floor. The hotel had no air conditioner. If you can, get a room facing the front of the hotel. It is quieter and cooler in the heat. You get more wind. My parent's room was in the back and it was noisy and hot. And at night they could here the drunks in the ally way. But the staff was friendly, and even though the free breakfast was cornflakes, toast and orange juice EVERY morning, it was okay.	
Jun 6 2004	Wouldn't stay there again		
Jun 3 2004	No complaints		
May 19 2004	Mixed Review		
Apr 26 2004	I love this place		
Apr 19 2004	never again unless desperate		
Dec 10 2003	Do not stay at the Garden Court Hotel		
Aug 15 2003	A good value in times of normal weather		
Jan 12 2003	Good for those on a budget		
Jan 1 2003	I have stayed here twice		
Aug 5 2002	Good choice for those on a budget		
Sep 7 2009 	???????????????		
Jun 14 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 25 2008 	Gutes Londoner Hotel		
Jul 2 2008	Bin sehr zufrieden: Zentrale/Ruhige Lage Zimmer mit "London-Chic" freundlich Preis ok		
Jan 18 2007 	Excellent rapport qualité / prix		
