Nov 24 2009 	Clean and very well located	This is a chain hotel, so not much personality, but perfectly clean and acceptable. Exceptionally well situated for South Bank attractions like Tate Modern, the Globe Theatre, Borough Market. Walkable from London Bridge and Southwark Tube. Friendly Staff. As always in London, the rack rate is exorbitant, but I got a good internet offer and on arrival they offered me to upgrade to an executive room for £10 extra per night, which I accepted (executive room is bigger, with a sofa). I didn't try the hotel breakfast as it wasn't included in the rate, but there are many places to have breakfast nearby, including one right nextdoor. Minor gripes: the shower was unusable (impossible to regulate strength/temperature), and the room was too hot and the airco only blew hot, so I had to keep the window open all the time. Overall, I'd recommend it, if you don't expect personality, and if you can get a good rate.	
Nov 23 2009 	Not Four Star	We arrived at a modern, attractive building very near to Tate Modern. As you enter the foyer you have stairs which really aren't a good idea for anyone with suitcases. Quick, friendly and efficient service saw us upto our rooms. The lobby area is attractive with daily papers, a bar and restaurant all in close vicinity.Our room, although very clean (with blackout blinds) was very small . I appreciate an older hotel might have space limitations, but this was tiny for a modern 4* hotel. The bed was very, very comfortable and the TV had all the usual channels. One other gripe about the room was the heating. On our second night we actually left the window open (in November, during the worst storms ever).Overall, this is a very good 3* hotel. The location is fantastic, the staff friendly, the price good (£209 for two nights)....but not a 4* hotel; and that is what we were sold.Nearby, the Tate Modern is good (and free), OXO tower is close and the views of St. Pauls from the nearby Wobbly Bridge are fantastic. Southwark Station is less than 10 minutes walk away.	
Nov 2 2009 	Exactly! Whats not to like.	Agree with last review completely. Good standard chain, with friendly staff, spotlessly clean and well located. The public areas and some rooms are all recently refurbished.Very good breakfast and the upgraded room slept myself and husband in a large king sized bed and our teenage daughter on a fold out double couch. Deal was half the normal rack rate and included breakfast.Will certainly try for the same hotel/deal on next visit.M&amp;S food store opposite the hotel is great for provisions.	
Nov 2 2009 	Excellent Hotel - really enjoyed our stay	We stayed at this hotel for my son's 11th birthday and had a wonderful time. The hotel is stylish and the staff were very helpful and welcoming, which added to the enjoyment of our stay. Our room was spacious and comfortable, beautifully clean, with a smart bathroom and power shower. I liked the way that we had a phone call from reception after we had checked in, asking if everything was all right with the room (it certainly was). The staff were also very helpful and knowledgeable about the area, offering bus and tube maps, and asking whether we had had a good day.The location suited us perfectly - just a short walk from the Tate Modern and the Thames. It was easy to walk over the Millennium Bridge and catch buses from there to all the places we wanted to visit. There was a Pret a Manger opposite and a Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Food nearby for those vital snacks! Although we didn't have an evening meal in the hotel (we were out and about, going to musicals etc) breakfast was very good and there was lots of choice. I'd recommend booking a time as it can be quite busy - we did and we never had to wait for a table. All in all, a really good weekend and we would definitely choose this hotel again.	
Oct 30 2009 	What's not to like?	It's a chain hotel. It all works well. The fabric, fixtures and fittings are in good order. It has professional (mostly French) staff. . It has comfortable rooms. It's well-located if you want to be South of the river and near the Tate and whatnot. Breakfast was good. They'll do a deal on the room rate which is just as well because the rack rate is, like all London hotels, stratospheric. Happy to go back anytime!	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent service	Friendly and highly efficient staff (Kai checked us in and he was very charming and made us feel very welcome).Brilliant location - 5 mins to Tate Modern and the Thames, 10 mins to Borough Market. Although we chose the location due to attending a family wedding, I'd happily stay again for a leisure break. M&amp;S food store right opposite, excellent selection of bars and cafes within 200 metres. The Table cafe/restaurant right next door to the hotel served excellent value food during the day and is also open in the eveing at weekends.Room was quite small, but we had a kingsize bed and also they turned the sofa into a 3/4 size bed for our 3 year old, so that took up some space, but we still didn't feel too cramped and could get around the furniture.Air con wasn't brilliant and was noisy, so the second night we opened the window to get some fresh air, noise from the road wasn;t that bad as it was weekend.Bathroom was clean and perfectly functional - good selection of free toiletries too.We didn't use the bar or restaurant at all during our stay, so can't comment on that.I'd certainly choose to stay here again.	
Oct 23 2009 	tiny rooms bad bath design	The only good thing about this hotel besides the friendly staff was the location. Our booking agent told us this was considered a 4-star hotel - it's not. It's more like a 2-star. It also advertised a pool, which is untrue - there a reciprocal agreement with a health club, but it's not on site. The breakfast was inedible, the elevators were not working, and when they were fixed, only fit a max of three people, sans luggage. The rooms are tiny, with single beds. The bathrooms have a screwed up design with a half-glass door and slippery floor mats that are an accident waiting to happen. My girlfriend slipped in the shower and bashed her foot into the faucet. We ended up cutting our trip short because she was in so much pain. If you stay here, keep your expectations low and enjoy the convenient location instead. if you're just going to sleep there, it's not too bad. Get a cheap rate - otherwise, I wouldn't bother.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent in all aspects	Succinctly - friendly, pleasant and hospitable staff , excellent food, beautiful and clean rooms, and nice location! Worth for your money!	
Oct 21 2009 	excellent service	i would recommend this hotel to any one for the following:- kind &amp; warm hospitable staff- facities available in the hotel- clean &amp; tidy rooms	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent Hospitality	I received very warm welcome by the staff.The room service was excellent.Rooms are clean and tidy.Constantly attended by the room attendants.	
Oct 21 2009 	simply the best	the hotel reception staffs were very friendly, i received a redcarpert welcome on check in, i was offered exta services like taxi booking , porter and theater booking.restaurant and bar satffs were very friendly, food and drinks werw amazing.	
Sep 25 2009 	lovely hotel in great location staff fantastic near lots of attractions	we had a lovely weekend at this hotel, the staff were very helpful and professional, fantastic breakfast which was buffet style but you could order specific items as well, the rooms were on the smallish side but very well presented and clean, it was within short walking distance of the london eye, tate modern, globe theatre and the thames, lots of pubs and restaurants also nearby, london bridge tube station only 5 minute walk away	
Sep 23 2009 	started well - shame about the cockroach	I stayed here for one night after travelling to London for a concert. I had booked on the basis of good reviews here on TA and previous good experiences with Accor group hotels.I had a reasonable deal so was paying £99 for the room and my initial assesment was that this was good value - the hotel is conveniently located for Waterloo station and the Southbank, the lobby and public areas, while small, are well presented and the staff on reception when I arrived were friendly and helpful. I arrived early and my room was not ready but i was able to leave my bags while I went out for lunch. On returning (still 45 mins before check-in time) my room was ready.The room was small but adequate - prettu uch what I expected for London. It appeared clean, if a little tired - the catch on the window appeared to be broken, and the (wooden) blind on the window could not be held open, which was a little awkward when trying to pull down the 'black-out' blind but no big deal.The card-key has to be put in a holder by the door in order to use the lights, which is a pet hate of mine, both because it makes it so easy to lock oneself out as you cannot keep the key in a purse or wallet to ensure you have it when you leave the room, and it always makes me feel I am in a cheap / tacky hotel!The bathroom light can only be turned on from the switch by the door to the room, which is inconvenient .The bathroom itself was adequate but a bit basic - the grouting could have done with a clean but there was plentiful hot water with good pressure, and the towels were big, soft and clean!Internet access is available in the rooms at additional cost. there is a single PC available in the lobby - however, this was not working and although I drew this to the attention of the reception staff they did not seem interested and there was no offer of any alternative - this was not critical to me in this particular instance.I found the bed comfortable but when I had to get up in the night I was spooked to see movement out of the corner of my eye and, when I put on my glasses I was horrified to realise it was a cockroach!I killed it, and checked out as quickly as possible in the morning. As I was in a hurry and there were others at the reception desk, I made the mistake of not raising it immediately - I did contact the hotel as soon as I was able - I recieved a response saying no one else has complained but have still recieved no response (after more than a week) to my follow up mail.While I can accept that an isolated incident might possibly happen anywhere I feel that the issue was not dealt with well and I certainly wouldn't want to return to the hotel, in the circumstances.I did not eat at the hotel as the breakfasts seemed expensive (£10 if ordered in advance, otherwise £14.50) - after finding the cockroach in my room I was glad of this as I didn't like the thought of eating there!There is an excellent cafe (Table cafe) next door which I can however recommend!Even without the cockroach, my over all impression was that this hotel is not as good as it couldm or should be, given the rating. Having stayed at other Mercure hotels in the past I was disappointed.Could do better.	
Aug 29 2009 	A great base for the South Bank	Using Trip Advisor I chose the Mercure for its closeness to Shakespeare's Globe Theatre as I had booked tickets for both Matinee and evening performances. Arriving by train from the northwest we were delighted to find our rooms ready so we could freshen up before walking over to the theatre[about three minutes away] . The rooms are spotlessly clean and equipped to a good standard. Between the shows we explored Gabriels Wharf and wandered over the millenium bridge to St Pauls, After a very comfortable night we devoured a satisfying breakfast. There was no problem about leaving our luggage as we had tickets for a matinee at the National, also an easy walk, giving us time for exploring the south bank- very rewarding with the Golden Hinde, H.M.S. Belfast, Southwark Cathedral, the Clink prison, Haywards'Galleria all within a few hundred yards of each other. We'll certainly do it again and thanks to the Mercure staff for whom nothing was too much trouble	
Aug 17 2009 	Mayhem at breakfast	We stayed here while having to work at the weekend, due to its close proximity to the office. Check-in was swift, room was modern in style, functional and with a very comfortable bed and nice linen. The bathroom was clean but tiny in size, but on the positive side they provided lovely large bathsheets rather than the usual tiny towels!Finishing at midnight, we wanted to unwind with a drink in the hotel bar and although the shutters were down, the bar staff unlocked everything and we used our &quot;50% off second drink&quot; voucher, which had been presented to us at check-in.Beware of breakfast at this place! Due to the location of the hotel, there are no nearby cafes open on Sunday mornings until after 9am - having to be at work by then, we were pressurised at check-in to make a booking for a specific time for Sunday breakfast as &quot;we get very busy&quot;. Breakfast was charged at an additional £14.50 per person so for just 1 person, £150 didn't get you very far for one night!!!!Back to breakfast mayhem ... we were eventually seated at a table which was missing essential cutlery, milk and cups/saucers and a side-plate. When the cups arrived, one of them seemed to have got the short straw in the dishwasher so the harassed waitress (who give her her dues, still smiled despite being very stressed) had to rush around and gather another one. This has to be the first hotel we've ever stayed in - for business or leisure purposes - were you had to wait 10 minutes for breakfast plates to appear, because they'd &quot;run out&quot;! So much for booking in at a time to ensure you got a leisurely breakfast ... by the time the dishwasher had finished with a new set of breakfast plates, the hot food had run out and so we had to wait again for a few minutes after alerting the waiting staff. When we eventually managed to grab a plate and some hot food, I discovered a dark hair nestled in amongst my mushrooms ... Really poor service for £14.50 but staying in a not-so-salubrious area of town (two recent murders just a short walk away) and needing to eat before going to work, you have no choice. The Mercure needs to step up its hygiene, quality control and organisation to give its clients value-for-money.	
Aug 9 2009 	Magnificent Hotel	I will admit now I work for Accor Hospitality who own the franchise thats is Mercure Hotels but stayed as a genuine guest.I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend the 3rd weekend of febuary. my reason for staying was a club night at the coliseum near vauxhall. when we arrived a the hotel there was a small queue to check in but that was not a problem. once checked in we found the room to be more than we could have expected, a large clean room with enough space that if you wanted you could jump around on the bed like a fool.I can't comment on the resturant or room service as it was unused.the stay was uneventful but that was what we wanted and after a night probably the best thing.5 stars if i could i would give it more.	
Jul 15 2009 	Perfect	Stayed at the Mercure several times now since begining of the year and always nice friendly people welcoming you.Rooms are clean....very clean....Breakfast is always nice, with crispy bacon now!!Easy acces to Restaurants and pubs around.Minutes away (5) from Soutwark station (jubile line)Will go again	
Jul 6 2009 	A very pleasant hotel	Having got directions off the internet prior to travelling we took the brief walk from Southwark underground and found the hotel very easily. On our arrival the staff were very friendly and efficient. The offer of an upgrade to a bigger room for £10 a night was accepted. The room was spacious and the cleanliness was very good. The bathroom was fine for purpose and again was very clean. Breakfast was a buffet and provided excellent choice of hot and cold foods, although as said in another review, the orange juice wasn't so good and tasted very soapy (although we didn't complain). The room, despite looking onto Southwark Road was suprisingly quiet and getting to sleep wasn't a problem, despite us being light sleepers. The bed was also very comfortable. Location - The hotel is very well placed. Just a few minutes away from the river walk to various tourist attractions. There are a number of lively bars in the local area, M&amp;S food hall directly across from the hotel and a number of restaurants, oh, and a bus stop straight outside the hotel to Covent Garden. Overall, whilst the hotel was a little more expensive than we would have usually paid for a two night stay in London(£255) I was really pleased with the quality, standard, cleanliness and location of the hotel and would definitely stay again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Pricey but OK	Stayed here for a night when on business in Waterloo and London Bridge - hotel is a 10 min walk from Southwark Tube station with a few good bars and restaurants nearby.Really friendly staff, comfy rooms and a decent breakfast. A pretty quiet location by London standards so got a good nights sleep.£10 upgrade to executive room and free internet offered at check in.	
Jun 21 2009 	Superb Room 	We were extremely impressed with the hotel, and were glad we accepted the offer of an upgrade to an executive room (with a sofa and more square footage) for just ten quid more per night. Free internet in lobby, although only one terminal available, so you may have to wait your turn. A few cafes across the street for coffee, brunch or lunch, plus an M&amp;S supermarket for snacks, sandwiches, drinks, etc. Not terribly convenient to &quot;tourist London,&quot; since the two nearest Tube stations are on the Jubilee and Northern lines, meaning you'll probably have to make a change at Waterloo to get to Trafalgar, Piccadilly, etc. Better to cross the Millennial Bridge to St. Paul's and catch a bus.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great location	Best to get off at London Bridge underground, and for the 1st time get a taxi (easy to walk once you know where you are heading)Reception very good, and quick - plenty information. Rooms to a high standard, with a very clean bathroom, usual shampoo/gel free of charge.TV with various channels. Plenty hanging space and drawers.Took breakfast just the once (£10 head) and was buffet style with loads of choice - waiters seemed fine and helpful.Great location for london eye, london bridge experience, and the underground easily links on to the other lines - no complaints.No real noise outside - would stay again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Great base great hotel!	I stayed here with my wife and daughter in a family room. Really nice hotel, friendly staff and nicely appointed room. my rate included a cooked breakfast buffet and it was excellent. A few tips for this hotel: if you like a quiet room, ask for a room that doesn't face onto Southwark Street. Directly opposite is an M&amp;S food store for stocking up on things. Five minutes walk towards Borough Market is a really nice south Indian restaurant called the Mango Tree. If you have breakfast at the hotel, they may ask when your preffered time is. Don't be offended, it just helps them juggle the numbers. they don't hold you to it. For egg lovers there is scrambled egg on the buffet, but when you are asked for tea and coffee, you can request a different type of egg to be cooked for you or na omlette.Definately going to make this my London base hotel from now on.	
Mar 10 2009 	Fit For Purpose	My husband and I stayed here on a Saturday evening. We had a reservation at the Oxo Tower restaurant and this hotel was the perfect location for that. We booked the hotel through lastminute.com and got it for £70, hence it was very good value. If we had paid the normal room price of £250 we would have been very disappointed.Our room was quite small and so was the bathroom. However it was very clean but I thought it was too basic for a 4 star hotel.We requested early check in when we booked it. When we arrived at 11am we were told the room was ready but there would be a charge of £25 for early check in, which we declined and just left our bags at the hotel. I have never been charged for early check in before and am not sure if this was down to us booking through lastminute!Overall good location on the Southbank and good value if you get a better rate than £250.	
Mar 7 2009 	Basic but adequate	The location is fine if you are interested in staying in this part of London i.e. South of the river near the Tate Modern/Millenium Bridge. Bit of a trek to the West End and main sights of London. Only 15/20 min walk to St Pauls across pedestrian bridge.I was here on business so non of the above applied. Stayed one night only. Always uncomfortable on staying South of the Thames, fairly desolate area, bleak office blocks etc and unforgiving roads if walking. On check-in staff could not have been more helpful and attentive.Rooms were basic but comfortable and clean.Evening meal was rubbish. Food was cold.Breakfast - usual basic buffet - nothing to write home about. Orange juice hideous.Checkout - again staff probably best I've experienced in any London hotel.The hotel is adequate, but you didn't feel that you were part of London.	
Feb 17 2009 	Standard Business Hotel - could do better	I stayed here as I had training in one of their conference rooms.Whilst the conference room facilities were adequate (the food package was rahter good actually) I was a little disappointed with a few things: ~Check in seemed to take an age and then the full service was not offered (room card needs to be validated to access the gym, no morning paper offered to me but to the people before and after it was).~restaurant service was rather slow...snail pace (i.e. worse!) at breakfast.~To describe the water flow from the shower in the bathroom as dribbling would be over-stating it!I stayed here a few years previously (NYE 2004) and since then it has been refurbed and looks good for it; if they could sort out the inconsistent service it would be worthy of more of a rating.As a location for central London it scores highly being so close to a tube station; well served bus stopright outside and 2 mins from Jubilee Walkway (riverside).	
Feb 15 2009 	Good Value	I booked this stay for a birthday surprise and was really pleased with the location. The hotel was stylish, clean and comfortable with a really nice restaurant where we had breakfast the next morning which was buffet style but of a very good standard. The staff were very helpful and courteous. The parking was quite restricted but we managed to fit in. A very good experience overall.	
Feb 2 2009 	Modern bright room	We stayed at the Mercure as part of a theatre break deal booked with Superbreaks so not sure how much we paid for the accommodation part of the package.Conveniently located 5 minutes walk from Southwark tube and 10 minutes from Waterloo, the hotel is bright, clean and most importantly the staff were all really friendly and obliging, even phoning our room to check we were ok.Our room had a really comfortable bed and lovely crisp bed linen. The bathroom was immaculate with a brilliant shower and soft towels.We opted for breakfast in bed. Paying an extra £3 each for this luxury. As busy working parents, it was worth every penny as two massives trays were delivered crammed with our order (which was nearly all the menu!) and we could enjoy a rare lie-in enjoying our delicious continental and English breakfast.Would recommend and stay here again.	
Dec 16 2008 	Helpful Staff and Comfortable Room	Stayed at the Mercure for two nights (Room 612) and previously in July 2008 (Room 506). In those five months there has been a positive change in the staff attitude. On my most recent visit the staff were always ready to help where as previously I was disappointed with service.The room was clean and perfectly adequate with laptop size safe, ironing boad and TV/Radio (limited channels). Mini Bar &amp; hostess tray, the latter with complimentary flapjacks. The bed appeared to be two singles zipped together accordingly there was a ridge down the middle which wasn't too comfortable! There is good double glazing, blackout blinds as well as venitian blinds and I wasn't disturbed by traffic noise.Bathroom wasn't huge but was also cleaned to a high standard, with a fixed head shower over a bath with glass screen.I tried 'Breakfast to Go' which was a bit of a fiasco but fine in the end apart from the juice which needed a bottle opener - I don't have one of those on me!The lift is the one thing that needs to be fixed at this hotel it is the slowest and most cumbersome lift I have ever encountered - at least I got a degree of exercise walking up and down the stairs which was preferable to waiting around for ages for a lift that never came!	
Dec 14 2008 	Good hotel on the South Bank	Stayed here Friday night in December. Got a great rate (£99 inc breakfast) and it was handy for an event we were attending at the bfi.Room was small, but clean and comfortable with plenty of wardrobe space. Breakfast was hot and plentiful with speedy service. Service overall was excellent.Location is perfect for the South Bank - right next to Tate Modern.	
Nov 28 2008	Charmed	We booked this hotel in order to see a show and enjoy some sightseeing. The experience was great from start to finish. The hotel telephoned me the day before we were due to arrive to enquire if we knew what time we would be arriving. Although we arrived mid morning there were rooms ready for us. The staff were so friendly and pleasant without being in our faces. The food was good and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The rooms were compact but the furnishings were of good quality and spotlessly clean.	
Nov 24 2008	Brilliant!!	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for one night, it was a great hotel, value for money and in a great location!!Easy to walk to loads of great places including the Tate, we got a taxi from oxford street and it only cost £7..overall a great hotel and bargain prices!!	
Oct 24 2008 	Go somewhere else	I have stayed in the hotel 10's of times through business - mainly due to it's convenient location near my London office. However, the quality continues to decline, so I'm voting with my feet.Rooms vary in size - from small to tiny. Bathrooms can be smaller than a walk-in wardrobe!Booked a double and put in a twin. Moved to a room with a grubby quilt-cover and stains on the towels (yuk !!!!!!!!!!).If you're needing to stay near the London Eye, go to the Riverside Park Plaza.	
Oct 19 2008 	Faultless	I don't know how anybody can fault this hotel. Me and my boyfrend decided to have a long weekend in London and wanted a hotel that wasn't too close to the busy centre of London but very close by. This hotel was perfect. It was a 5 minute walk away from the Millenium Bridge and the Tate. It wasn't just the location that we were happy with, the hotel was perfect. When you walk in the main lobby area is small....but what do you really do in a lobby? It is very modern and the reception staff were VERY polite and very helpful. The room itself was faultless. Clean...infact it was spotless. Beautiful comfy bed, flas screen TV, iron, tea making facilities, nice desk/dressing table area. We ordered room service one night and were more than happy with what we got. And it was a reasonable price aswell. Check out in the mornning was very easy, no problems! Over all this hotel was most certainly one major part that made our trip a success as it was nice and central and easy to get to and it was very relaxing.	
Sep 23 2008 	Trying hard to be a four star but sadly not there yet	Good points...Great location, though there are other hotels in the area.Very Cheap for London, but maybe you get what you pay for.Very small loby area, with lots of people trying to book in, sadly hardly any rooms had been cleaned. So some problems there. Though dealt with in a very good way and a snr memeber of staff was helping the reception team.Public areas of the hotel very good indeed. Sadly this hasn't yet made it's way to the rooms. Very small and dated. Capret dull and worn, cheap bathroom fittings that have long since seen their best. Black mould marks between the bathroom tiles. Towels that had been washed to within an inch of their life and had log lost their bright whiteness and had worn very thin. Good bed, but terrible pillows.Breatfast was luke warm, lots of staff on duty but no real working practice. Tabels not ready with knives and forks. Tables cleaned by sweeping the food onto the floor and chairs. The staff seemed very nice, but a tiny bit of thought and trainign would improve this service to at least a three star hotel if not a four.I get the feeling this could be an excellent hotel, though for the price it's a good basic three star hotel. It just needs someone to take a good look at it and make a few improvements and it might, just might grow to be a four star.Other hotels in this area....If you are looking for a cheap three star hotel, you might be better off staying at the Holiday Inn Express on the same street, though it does get booked up very quickly. Or for a clean modern four star, try the new generation Novotel nearby on Southwark Bridge Road. Again this hotel can get booked up quickly.	
Aug 22 2008 	Good find in London	Great to find a good hotel that is reasonably priced in London!A good, upcoming location which is convenient for the tube, and the bankside sites including the Tate modern.Spacious clean room and bathroom.Good breakfast. WIll definitely stay again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Sadly my second stay not as good as the last stay!	I stayed in March and found this to be a good hotel - albeit rather expensive. Unfortunately my stay in August was sadly lacking with a number of things not up to expectation...Positives - flat screen TV with Olympic coverage (although not HD), breakfast above average and attentive staff in breakfast room. Clean room (with personal safe - one of my pet issues). Found me a room for a morning check-in after an overnight flight.Negatives - amazingly small room (compared to the last visit), problems with the phone and other TV facilities (movies/on demand etc) not fixed after multiple complaints, room service food inedible. I would be hard pressed to make a recomendation as a result of this visit. I can overlook one problem, but this time there was a number of problems leading to a less than good experience.	
Jul 27 2008 	Mecure London City Bankside	My wife and I wanted to find a place in easy walking distance to the Old Globe Theatre. I wasn't expecting much, but this hotel ended up being great. The staff was nice and professional. The room was spacious and very clean. It didn't break the bank either, by London's standards. There were also some decent places to eat close by. All in all, a solid hotel that offered some good value in London.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Base Hotel	This is a great wee hotel. I had never been to London before and was haeding down for a mix of work and sightseeing. I booked this hotel for £89 a night twin/double room rate with breakfast included which I think was great value.The hotel is pretty small. The decor is modern and immaculate. The staff are friendly and the breakfast had a good choice. The area is pretty bussinessy. The hotel is a 5 min walk from London Bridge Tube station and Borough Market (where Market kitchen is filmed). 10 mins in the othee direction takes you to Southbank which is lovely.I had a brilliant trip to London and would highly reccomend this hotel (hbook through the Mercure/Accor site for the best rates)	
Jun 10 2008	Off-the-beaten-track oasis	This hotel is just a little bit off the beaten track. And Bankside is not as lively a place as Waterloo. That said, however, you can reach this hotel in five minutes from Southwark tube station (and not ten minutes as erroneously indicated by another poster). Turn left out of the station, cross Blackfriars Road at the traffic lights, stay on Blackfriars and then take the second right hand turn into a laneway, walk past a few Council flats, under a railway bridge, turn left at the pub, follow the road for another hundred yards, turn right onto Southwark Street and the Mercure hotel is fifty yards up the road. My room was relatively spacious and very comfortable. Flat screen television. Great shower which didn't take forever to work it out. Breakfast for circa £13 which I thought was very good value. Reason being that the hot food is really delicious, and you can also have the usual panoply of fresh fruit salads, yoghurts, fresh juices and croissants, not to mention pancakes with fruit and double cream which were truly made in heaven.The staff are a charming bunch of people. No request is too difficult for them. Maps, information booklets, bookings are all second nature to them. There's also an area in the lobby which contains multiple copies of all the quality newspapers (as well as a few redtops, like the Mail, to appease the Conservative voters). Lovely hotel. Now if it were located in Kensington or Waterloo, then everyone in the garden would be happy.	
May 9 2008 	Good hotel with a nice interior	My company booked the Mercure for 5 nights as it is conveniently located within walking distance to Bow Lane which is just across Southwatk Bridge. It's also within walking distance to London Bridge tube station. The room was spacious for London's standard and the interior was nice - I guess it hasn't been long since it was newly renovated. All of the staff were helpful as well. Breakfast is the self-serve type offering full English breakfast or just continental style. The menu didn't change though so after 5 days the breakfast food did get a bit mundane. I also ate in on 2 nights and the dinner menu was quite good as well (try the lamb shanks!). Overall I'm fine to recommend this hotel to London visitors who need to stay in this area of London or who are willing to travel a bit on the tube to get to the center, by that I mean Oxford street, Picadilly, etc.	
May 3 2008 	Perfect for Weekend Break	Having stayed in Mercure hotels before, I was not disappointed by my latest trip. Admittedly it is a chain, and thus all hotels seem/look the same, but it is clean, quiet, safe and perfect for a city break.The hotel is about a 10 minute flat walk from Southwark tube station and that's its principal disavantage if you have a lot of luggage. However around the hotel there were many reasonable restaurants and cafes, including a M&amp;S foodhall opening in June 2008. You are also only 5 minutes walk away from the Tate Modern leading onto the picturesque Thames walkway between Waterloo and Tower Bridge.We stayed on the second floor of the hotel at the back, and the room seemed soundproof and we couldn't hear outside traffic. Our twin room had two adequate single beds with duvets, satellite tv, tea/coffee making facilities, a free safe and a nice white fairly modern bathroom with a strong shower. I would warn you that you cannot turn the shower on before actually climbing into it, so be prepared for just a few seconds of cold water before it heats up. It is also possible to order room service and breakfast in your room.Due to the shape of the building, reaching your room can seem sometimes like you are turning endless corners in a maze, but it is all well signposted and the lift and stairs are next to each other and come out just to the left of reception. The lift will hold about 4 people at a time.The lobby is pleasant with easy chairs, newspapers and magazines. There are a few steps leading from the street to reception, but a wheelchair lift is available. We found the staff very courteous, willing to help quickly with any problems and call taxis etc. Upon check-in they will ask for your credit card to swipe. As we had booked directly from the Mercure website, we were asked to also complete customer survey which would be emailed once we had returned home.We did not eat in the adjoining restaurant, but did have the buffet breakfast. It seemed busy no matter what time we arrived, but a seat was always found for us without having to share a table. I thought the rack rate of £13.95 was expensive for breakfast, although I see from the Mercure website that some accommodation deals do have it included. (perhaps thats just the rate of London breakfasts though!)There is a choice of three fruit juices, fresh coffee and tea and white/brown toast. On the Continental table, there is cereals, dried fruits, plain yogurt, fresh fruits, cold meat, croissants, pain au chocoalts, mini pain au raisins and baguettes. The cooked breakfast table held bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, grilled tomatoes, ratatouille, mushrooms, hash browns, black pudding and baked beans. And as much as you can eat!I would definitely recommend it and would return on future trips to London.	
Apr 15 2008 	Very professional	Stayed here when taking part in the London Marathon. A special breakfast at 5.30 was laid on for marathon runners and there was marathon info for visitors in the hotel reception. All staff were very courteous and helpful and very professional.Rooms and bathrooms very spacious. Just one criticism...the toilet was positioned so close to the wall that it was virtually impossible to sit on it without intrusion from the toilet roll holder!!!	
Feb 17 2008 	Good stay at Bankside	Stayed here for two nights in February 2008. Easy to find from local tube stations. In a predominately business area but felt safe. Quiet road at weekend, much busier on monday but noise tolerable even on front. Looks a bit functional from outside and overshadowed by a big new building on opposite side of road. Inside very smart and clean. Desk staff were helpful and polite on every occasion that we spoke to them. Room was spotlessly clean with modern equipment and everything needed for a short stay. A little on the small side but comfortable nonetheless. Rate included breakfast. This was buffet style. Staff were efficient, polite and helpful. Good range of food - cooked, pastries cereals fruit etc. Plentiful and counters refilled regularly. Only a short walk to Tate Modern and Globe theatre. 10 minutes walk to St. Pauls. Regular buses to central areas of London and tube station ten minutes walk. Overall a good alternative to the more expensive hotels north of the river and certainly not too far from main sites. Well satisfied with hotel and staff.	
Feb 9 2008	Nice Hotel Good Location	Stayed in this hotel for one night as I was attending a conference with work. The staff were friendly, the room was a good size and everything was clean and tidy. A friend stayed in the room next door and her room was smaller, but still fine.The breakfast was busy but there was plenty including pancakes, waffles, bread, cold meats, cereals and cooked breakfasts items. They had run out of fried eggs, however the staff did refresh quickly. The only thing I would comment on was that the staff were very quick to clear away the breakfast dishes, meaning that the buttered bread left on the table whilst I was getting cooked items had gone from the table on my return.	
Jan 16 2008 	Good location and good value	Booked through Superbreak for two nights. Saturday and Sunday. Good location for &quot;Southbank&quot; attractions and 5 minutes from London Bridge station. Comfortable room - large comfortable bed, flat screen TV. Requested &quot;high floor&quot; and was placed on 6th floor (7 floors hotel) so happy with that. Everything worked and was in very good order. No problem with noise. Friendly and efficient reception staff.Breakfast - as others have mentioned at peak time (eg. 9am Sunday) it is very busy - but so is every other hotel I have been to (and I stay at a lot). The staff worked very hard in clearing tables and keeping the (good quality and good choice) buffet topped up. Go before 8.30 or after 9.30. Monday at 8.30 was very quiet!Car parking - although they say they have car parking there are only 4 bays and a further 5/6 cars can be squeezed on the forecourt. There is no charge but you do have to leave your key with reception. Booking through Superbreak we paid half of the &quot;advertised rate&quot; . Although not in West End it is a good location and was a good base for our weekend. Recommend.	
Jan 15 2008 	Nice hotel pity about the breakfast!	Stayed for one night in January 2008Check-in: We arrived somewhat early at 12:30 - polite guy on reception checked our room out and said it'd be ready in 20 minutes - and it was! No problems here.The Room - very clean and fresh, pleasantly decorated, flat screen TV, mini-bar, safe, iron &amp; board, tea &amp; coffee. Had really nice comfortable king-sized bed and they put in a foldaway bed for our daughter. Bathroom ok, quite high step into bath, shower over bath.Location - not bad at all, easy walk to Southwark Tube station - even quicker when worked out a short-cut! Easy walk also to Thames, Tate Gallery and Millennium bridge.Check-out - no problems here, they stored our case all day too until we left London.Breakfast - now, here's the downside - am glad it was included in our rate as they were charging £13.50 per person!! The staff could not keep up with demand at all, it was quite hopeless! The food itself was good but we were very frustrated we couldn't get what we wanted at the same time or even at all. Nice juice but I must have gone back 6 times for some more and couldn't get any. When they did bring more supplies it was gone in a flash, taken by all the vultures circling ! They really need to sort this out as it's many peoples last impression of the hotel which isn't a good one!Apart from the breakfast, this hotel provides a good value, comfortable stay in London.	
Jan 9 2008 	Exhilerating Break	We stayed at this hotel from Thursday 27th to Saturday 29th December and had a wonderful London break at a dull time of year. The hotel is set amongst office buildings so may be noisy on business days but we found it very relaxing. It was immaculately clean and the staff were very helpful - it was also so near to so many attractions - just 5 minutes from the Thames and all it has to offer. The only downside was breakfast - the food was very good but the staff were overwhelmed by the number of guests arriving at 9.00 a.m. - no clean tables, no juice glasses etc. However they were doing their best and kept apologising for any inconvenience. I have recommended this hotel to friends as it is so central - we had a great time.	
Dec 29 2007 	Very Clean But	Just got back from a two day trip to London to see both Tutankhamen and the terracotta warriors booked a package trip with supabreaks. The hotel is very clean and the breakfasts were very good, even though buffet breakfasts never work as something is always running out. The problems we encountered are mainly minor we where on the fifth floor and despite no heating being one and the air conditioning being switched on to the max it was still stiflingly hot (this is December in the UK). Secondly the shower was in very poor repair and with hardly any pressure. Thirdly the parking is extremely limited but we did manage to squeeze on.However the main concern was at check in when we were asked to supply a credit card (normal procedure nowadays) they not only swiped the card but also took a £200.00 charge to cover an incidental expenses not wanting to cause a scene we agreed (we spent £2.50 on a toblerone from the mini bar).Upon checkout we were informed that the £200.00 deposit had been cashed and we would get a refund within 3-5days when they had cancelled the transaction. Once again we agreed not wishing to create a scene. I will be contacting my credit card company first thing in the morning to complain, and I will also be writing to the Hotel management to explain why they have taken £200.00 for no reason whatsoever.If you think I am over reacting please add a comment but this is the first time I have ever come across this practice.	
Dec 3 2007 	Perfect for a weekend stay!	Stayed at this hotel for one night, we had one twin and one triple. Both rooms were quite spacious, and we had three single beds for the triple. Rooms were clean, had plenty of storage, safe, mini-bar, tv etc. No issues with noise - had a great nights sleep. Breakfast on a Sunday is up until 11:30 am - plenty of choice to suit everyone's taste. Located just behind the Tate Modern and a five minute walk to either Southwick or London Bridge station - perfect for those who don't mind travelling on the tube. Would definately stay again and recommend to friends.	
Sep 26 2007 	Very nice hotel	My wife and I stayed in this hotel overnight on our way to Italy, and we were very satisfied. Our room was spotlessly clean and the staff were efficient and friendly. The food was very good too with a very wide selection for breakfast. It's lacking a little in character but this is more than made up for by the location, right on the South Bank, close to all the sights and very close to Waterloo Station for the Eurostar.All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area, as a clean, economical, friendly hotel.	
Sep 23 2007	nice hotel	room was well fitted with all mod cons and was very clean (spotless). All facilities worked perfectly.Hotel has free car parking in a good central location but is still very quiet.Breakfast offered a vast array of different foodstuffs from full english to american pancakes.The only downside to this hotel is that it is very characterless.	
Aug 21 2007 	Good clean but functional	Stayed here recently (Aug 2007) for a 2 night business stay. After experiencing the frankly dreadful Holiday Inn Express 100m down the road, this came in as a pleasant surprise. Ok, its quite functional and business like but very clean, spacious and modern too. The bathroom was a good size and the whole hotel was decorated nicely and in good neutral tones. Staff good , but as is unavoidable in London now they all seemed to be from East Eurpoe so slight language difficulties at times. Overall, pretty good and I'll definitely be staying here again (and I can't really fault a hotel that has hot pancakes on the breakfast buffet !!)	
Aug 19 2007 	Great hotel	booked this hotel with some friends and got a very good theatre/hotel break. the hotel was clean, beds comfortable and room well appointed. Quiet at night, air con worked well. great location for nightlife and dining on the river and close to tube station. would stay here again.	
Jun 15 2007 	French Food Failed	My room was smallish but clean and well decorated. The bed was comfortable and the air conditioning worked very well (a big plus). Good glazing kept the traffic noise out.The only negative points were the rather disappointing room service food (very small Cannelloni) and the shower (temperature a bit random)	
Jun 12 2007 	Very satisifed	The building itself is on the old side but it has been refurbished well and has a smart interior. I've stayed here many times and can say that it offers a good selection of different sized rooms, including their very large 'superior' size rooms. The staff might have a little difficulty getting your surname or first name right from the internet booking details but this is a minor issue as otherwise they are very helpful. Generally a functional hotel but it does have flashings of style and has a relaxed atmosphere. Very comfortable beds, clean well serviced rooms and excellent food/ menu. Great location if you want a place near Bankside or Waterloo.	
Apr 19 2007 	Clean comfortable hotel	This is a good, clean comfortable hotel with friendly reception staff.The rooms are quite small but modern with comfortable facilities including the usual tea, coffee etc.I have stayed here twice on business and it is very conveniently located - close to Waterloo station and other attractions (opposite the Tate Modern and close to the River bank).I have not bothered with breakfast either time as I feel that £13.50 is quite a lot of money to pay when you can get a good cooked breakfast nearby for less than half the price. If you are a tourist then take a trip to one of the pubs on the River bank who do very hearty, reasonably priced breakfasts etc.I ate dinner here on one occasion and to be honest it was pretty bland and boring but edible.All in all a well located hotel, good for short stays.	
Mar 24 2007 	Good for a weekend break	Reasonable, middle-market hotel. Thoroughly clean. Helpful staff. Good location for the South Bank (just behind Tate Modern), but not so good for the more central London attractions &amp; West End.The breakfast (not included in our room rate) was very expensive, so we chose not to have it.Our room was comfortable and spacious enough by London standards. We would stay here again. This hotel won't take your breath away, but we got a good discounted price and it was good enough for a short stay.	
Feb 23 2007 	Very happy - clean good food helpful staf.....	Just returned from a one night theatre break (saw Woman in Black - scary!). We havent actually stayed in that many hotels recently but I was really happy with this one. The room was not massive but perfectly adequate, it was clean, modern &amp; the bed was comfortable - I dont require much else. There was a little bit of traffic noise but I get that at home too. It really was minimal and hey we were in the centre of London!!!Breakfast was excellent &amp; we really enjoyed our stay. The price we payed was greatly reduced from the one advertised at reception (booked through superbreak.com) so I consider what we payed to be excellent value for money - not sure I would have felt the same if I had payed full price - that was v expensive as far as I am concerned - but things are!We were able to walk to Covent Garden where we had a lovely meal before the show - this took about 25 mins at a gentle pace &amp; even felt safe and happy to walk back. Also went to Tate gallery in the morning before we came home - that is approx 3 mins walk away - fab!I would have no problem in recommending this place x	
Jan 31 2007 	Cheap and Cheerful	Great location for the river, within walking distance of the Thames, The Globe, the undergroynd system. Some good small local London pubs can be found only a few streets away which offered fantastic value for money meals and great beers (Tip here is to go to back street hidden away pubs, the meals are always home made and brillant and the beers are from local english breweries and not run of the mill ones that you could drink back home). I was part of a party booked and we were given a free upgrade on our room which was very clean and very large!. With breakfast we paid £35 in total per night !!! fantastic value. The breakfast was a free for all and as the offer was so good the hotel was packed so it was a bit of a bun fight to get your breakfast but for that price you can not complain. Would I go back again, yes, staff were friendly and helpful and lets face it with so much to do and see you do not want to spend time in your hotel, it is only a base and I highly recommend this as your base if you come to London.	
Jan 10 2007	Very Happy with Hotel	We stayed at this hotel Dec 22, 2006, 1 night for 79GBP.We got to the hotel after a miserable flight and long drive into the city centre. We parked illegally and went to check in and find legitimate parking. Turns out we could park in their drive for free. Bonus. Room was London-sized, clean and modern.Location of hotel is great. Right across the street from the Tate Modern, with the Millennium Bridge to take you across to St Paul's cathedral.As we left the hotel I said to my husband how much nicer and 100 times more pleasant the Mercure is than some of the other hotels we've stayed at in London.Christmas eve night I realized that I'd left my diamond earrings (worth more sentimentally as they were a university graduation present from my dad many years ago) on the window sill in the room. We call the hotel (keep in mind it's 10pm on the 24th of Dec.) and they offer to look around. No earrings in the room, but they say they'll speak to housekeeping in the morning. We call in the morning, but no luck finding the earrings. They say they'll call the next day (26th) once the regular staff are back. We visit my husband's grandmother, come back on the 27th to no message from the hotel. I make a last ditch call to the hotel manager. I leave a message, and later that same day he calls me to tell me they've found the earrings! Yay! He is more than accommodating, offering to send the earrings registered. I think it says alot about the management and company itself that they hire honest employees to whom I am very grateful. I was impressed with this budget hotel before I realized the earrings were missing, and I'm more impressed now.	
Nov 23 2006 	Hotel correct well located in the centre	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel. The room was correct and clean. The mattress OK. Food correct. Bar rather friendly. Walking distance from Saint Paul. Metro also quite close. Good for the rate we got. Not sure we would return with a standard rate, although London hotels are incredibly expensive...	
Jul 12 2006 	Good location average hotel	Tucked away behind the Tate Modern and 10 minutes walk to the stunning St Paul's Cathedral across the new Millennium Bridge, the Mercure has a lot going for it. Staff are pretty friendly and the rates are reasonable, but a few of the basics are wrong. Mould in the minibar (yuck!), uncomfortable beds, and those really annoying irons that are chained to the ironing boards - obviously because there's a huge market for cheap irons that don't work properly.	
Jun 12 2006	Good location comfortable reasonable room rate		
Jun 1 2006 	Fine not exciting at all.		
Mar 20 2006 	Not bad better than expected		
Dec 12 2005	Very good!		
Apr 18 2005	Wonderful		
Jan 24 2005	Modern comfy good location		
Oct 29 2004	Understaffed		
Oct 28 2004	Adequate		
Sep 26 2004	Nice hotel		
Jun 14 2009 	très bien		
Apr 14 2009 	chambres tres spacieuses accueil charmant petit déjeuner roboratif		
Sep 3 2008 	Tres bon souvenir de Londres		
Sep 2 2008 	muy buen hotel		
Jun 15 2008 	Nel complesso positivo		
Feb 27 2008 	correct		
Dec 15 2007	Buena relación calidad - precio		
Nov 9 2007 	Correct		
Sep 17 2007	mal comunicado		
Dec 14 2006 	tout à fait confortable		
