Oct 11 2009 	Awful! : long review but please read!	i booked this hotel through hostelbookers.com and booked a twin private room as i didn't like the thought of communal facilities like you'd usually find in a hostel, plus i was with my sister. managed to find it ok, very steep steps upto tiny reception desk. the guy asked for my booking slip as i had also paid a deposit, and seemed a little confused. turns out he only had a double free so we had no choice but to accept it. also there was no private bathroom like we'd booked (and he'd just lied about us having when i asked!), we had to use the one downstairs. we had room 12 which was about 4 flights of stairs up from reception so very hard on the legs!the room was tiny, no room to swing a cat; there was about a foot between the tiny double bed and the wall! it was so dirty and dingey. i am no snob and always stay in basic accomodation but this was truly dreadful. the plug socket was thick with dirt, tonnes of cigarette butts outside the window, mould everywhere. there was also a mouse trap!! the bathroom was terrible too, hair in the bath, black mould in all the crevices, and you dont want to know what we were met with in the toilet. the shower does have hot water, but the shower head is so low, i was nearly crippled from bending backwards.one towel and a bar of soap provided, as well as tea and coffee facilities which we daren't touch.as if it wasn't bad enough sleeping in a double bed with my sister, the mattress and pillows had seen better days. the mattress was rock hard and the pillows...well, it felt as though there wasn't a pillow at all, they were paper thin. had the worst night's sleep ever, especially as the windows rattled whenever a train went by.breakfast was left on the floor outside our door as we said we wanted to sleep in. now this wasn't too bad. it was continental style; croissant, bread roll, yogurt, juice. basic but it filled a gap.great location, yes, but that's about it. they also let you leave your luggage to collect later, although by this, they mean they allow you to leave it on the landing. considering there is not always someone on recption, i wouldn't advise this!	
Sep 12 2009 	the worst bed ever	I needed to spend a weekend in london and I booked a room in this hotel, single room with shared facilities. The staff was nice, but this is the only good point about this room. The bed in the room was terrible, probably the worst I ever slept in (even worst of the bunk bed in bestplace in paddington) Shared facilities not very clean. No shared places in the hotel, the breakfast was served directly in the room.I wouldn't suggest this hotel to anybody	
Dec 26 2008 	You get what you pay for	It's definitely budget accommodation but that is how it is advertised. It's close to Paddington station. The staff are not helpful (not sure he spoke English very well - hard to know as he hardly spoke to me). The rooms are small (big enough for a single bed and a suitcase) but clean and contains a sink and a little balcony. Bathrooms are shared and you need to get in early before people shower as there is only a half shower screen and water goes everywhere. Breakfast is included. It's not bad but it's not great. I would recommend to anybody who is on a tight budget and I would only stay a couple of nights (anything more and it gets a little depressing).	
Sep 4 2008 	Stay Away - Unless you like Bed Bugs	Not a very good hotel. Bathroom was dirty. Asked for a better room and they said the room I had was as good as it gets.Later in the night, while in bed, I woke up feeling a bite on my leg.I get up, pull the covers off the bed and I see bed bug signs.So I spent the night in a chair.	
Jul 19 2008 	Good value great location.	It was easy to find ( although it's only one small door ) and a steep stairs up ( so you better have a good physique ). The price is extremely good value for such a location. Next to Paddington station you can get anywhere in no time.The guy behind the desk was a little bit weird. He wasn't very talkative, but always said &quot;hello&quot; or &quot;goodbye&quot;.Fresh Towels and breakfast every morning.There are two public bathrooms ( no toilet in the room, but each room has a sink though.). We thought it was gonna be messy, but it was very clean actually. And we never had to wait ( at least not very long). In the room is also a table, a chair and a closet.The rooms are small and simple, the bed could've been better and breakfast was ok. instant coffee, tea, crackers, jam, cheese, some cookies/chocolate roll and yoghurt. They try though, but if you want a good breakfast have it somewhere else or buy some bread and make your own. our samovar was really old and in my teacup was a knife instead of a spoon, but my girlfriend and I thought that was funny :).Don't expect a 4 star hotel. If you're not picky and want a good cheap stay, located in the centre of London, this is a great one !Great one for students and young people.	
Jun 15 2008 	The service was amazing	We were lucky enough to find this little gem very near to Paddington Station. We were given a walk up rate of only £50 for the night which is sensational in this area. The rooms were clean and comfortable with tea and coffee making facilities. The staff were only too happy to help what ever way they could. I would certainly sugest using this hotel if on a budget and just need something simple and clean.	
Nov 18 2008 	Hôtel pas cher		
