Oct 13 2009 	Top class B	On booking the millers residence i was hoping to get one of the four poster bed rooms but the blake room was the only one left vacant, having thought about it i decided that the ambience of the place seems to be the main reason why people go to millers, so i booked it. On arrival we were greeted by a girl who i'm sure was just wearing joggers and a t-shirt, very very informal but friendly all the same. Although i'm sure my fiance thought i'd taken him to some kind of hostel when he saw her it all faded into insignificance when we saw the lounge area. It really is very picturesque and looks beautiful lit up by candles in the evening, the lovely thing is that you can help yourself to drinks, so i had a couple of lovely g&amp;t's sat watching the world go by and playing cards. One thing i did read on the website was that they serve pre-dinner cocktails in the evening - but i didn't see any evidence of it, although i would have welcomed it. The bedroom was small but extremely romantic, if you don't like average hotels where you wake up and could be anywhere you might like this. Miller's is definitely a place to relax in and it takes you to a different world, looking around at all of the antiques really can send your thoughts onto numerous different pathways which i think is quite magical. Unfortunately we didn't make it up for breakfast as we had a very late night out, so i can't tell you about that. My most negative comment about Millers would be that i don't like the murals on the doors, the blake room has a tiger and the poem is on the back of the door. I like the poem, i think framed in a nice antique frame it would be nice, but i think the murals look a bit 'fairground ride'.To sum it up, its quite expensive for what you get with the room but you have to take into consideration that you are also getting a beautiful lounge area and ambience second to none with a help yourself bar...when i think of it like that its an absolute bargain!!	
Aug 7 2009 	Just don't tell everybody!	Totally and utterly amazing. For the price of a bland, corporate four star experience, you have here an utter gem of a place behind the mysterious red door.... Up the stairs into an overstuffed grand salon with the best opening hours, most civilised staff and most eccentric decor you can possibly imagine. I lived in Soho for twenty years and thought i knew about every central London, hidden away experience under offer until i came here on a rare trip back.Just don't tell everyone, because i want to stay here every time i come back and once the secret is out..........	
Jun 29 2009 	Very Unique great location service 	Stayed for 5 nights while visiting London in June 2009. Millers Residence is an incredibly unique place to stay. The antique and painting collection is amazing. Martin and his family really provide a very warm home like experience. The open bar / happy hour is fantastic as are the continental breakfasts. A few cautions / common with London Hotels: lots of stairs (up to 5th floor walk up to rooms) and no lift, rooms are small and most do not have AC. The hotel faces are fairly busy street so there is lots of noise with the windows open.	
Jun 13 2009 	Not your run-of-the-mill yet not too weird 	The place certainly does not feel or look like your average hotel. Its packed with antiques and kitschy items which, along with thick old carpets makes the place a bit dusty (not so very good if you're a very sensitive person, e.g. asthmatic or allergic to dust). However, the rooms as such are surprisingly clean and our bathroom was very clean and well equipped - in fact, more modern than your basic English bathroom in my experience. Pillows, duvets, sheets etc. were of high quality. Breakfast was ok although I was a bit worried about certain items such as butter and milk being stored at room temperature in the breakfast room for the many hours of the breakfast time each day.Staff was very friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel was great, with many, many good restaurants nearby. Daylesford Organic (restaurant + shop) on the Westbourne Grove is absolutely fantastic! Word of warning: if you have difficulties using stairs or are travelling with small children, you may wish to select another hotel than Miller's. Otherwise, it's really not as hard as you'd think.	
Jun 8 2009 	Perfectly Unique	I found this hotel in a travel book and read additional reviews here. It was everything that was explained and more. The place is filled floor to ceiling with antiques and other random things in the stairway and main sitting room. We stayed in the Shelley room which was just as pictured in the website. When looking in the mirror - I actually felt like I was inside of a painting. We found the sitting room to be very comfortable - full of games, scrapbooks of past celebrity guests, and free drinks to end our evenings. We met a very nice couple - residents of the city - who just came to experience something new and were able to marvel at the house together. We'd love to return to the Miller's. We also hope to visit their other hotel - the Glencot House - in the future. Two things to note - large heavy pieces of luggage are tough to haul up three flights of steep stairs and there was no hair dryer to be found.	
May 20 2009 	alice in wonderland!	what a beautiful and special hide away. we had an amazing time during our stay there. the staff was very helpful and the whole place added a touch of magic to a cloudy london. the cozy and home-like feel is what we appreciated the most, especially during breakfast and the fire place late at night. if you want something different and a place with a lot of character, definitely go for it!	
Feb 17 2009 	great weekend away	A really different place to stay that is full of character. Don't expect all modern and perfect finishings in your room. The staff are really helpful and the gin flows and flows.... Great location with restaurants near by. Had a lovely long weekend at the hotel	
Jan 16 2009 	Fantastic felt like home.	I stayed at Millers Residence for a night during the week while I was in London for work. The place is stunning so much to look at. The staff are warm and friendly. They helped me to book my client dinner and arranged my pick up from the airport. So so helpful. It was an amazing stay and I will return soon. It's well placed transport wise close to the tube and walking distance to great shops and parks. I will tell all my friends and clients, loved it.Thanks Millers.	
Dec 3 2007 	I'll be back	Personaly I cannot fault my stay at Millers and I hope it's still the same when I return. Ah yes... just one thing, a cat, I would like to see a big fluffy cat,or maybe 2 but the place definitely needs a cat. (live one please, not stuffed)	
Oct 26 2007 	Just fab	We spent a night at Millers Residence this week and what a lovely surprise. The hotel is like no other we've ever stayed in and we've stayed in an awful lot. It's tucked away just off the main street with no signage that we could see. The interior is an aladins cave, packed full of art and objects and what can only be called interesting &quot;clutter&quot;. There isn't a surface anywhere with out something on it. The staff were warm and friendly and the host sat and watched TV with us in the evening. There is a complimentary bar where you can help yourself, which was a really nice touch. Our room was lovely and very cosy, I slept fantastically well. Breakfast was around a big table where guests all eat together. I liked it very much, it was a complete contrast to the sterile, ultra modern hotels which are the norm in London. If you like things a bit different and very personal you will love this place.	
Aug 25 2007 	Magical.	Stayed through xmas and new years. We travel frequently and havestayed at what would be considered the best the world over. Witha magical atmosphere, and gracious host, this is a one of a kind guest house. Not for everyone, but thats what makes it great.	
Aug 4 2007 	Little Shop of Antique Horrors	If you have a lot of money to spend and just love clutter and a good deal of stairs - this is your place! I work out 4 days a week but I must say that with luggage, or after a long day, those stairs were a challenge. This hotel is a red door on a side street, no name, and hard to find for your cabbie. There was a very nice man to meet us and help with my luggage on day one. The first thing to hit me was how dark, small and besieged with THINGS everywhere, on every surface. Some were quite humorous, some were plain creepy. The room itself was comfortable, yet old. Taking a bath was much easier than spraying the entire room with the shower arrangement. At this pricepoint I should have thought there would be a cooked breakfast, or at least something creative, but cereal was the best bet - cheese was going bad. Not a good taste first thing in the AM. The staff was friendly - if you got the two that were. Two others did not even speak to us; in fact, one made out with her boyfriend on the sofa in the sitting room and ignored the guests. She had better things to do, obviously. We stayed for 4 days, long enough to give you an adequate review. Had we payed 50 pound a night, I might have been more generous with an opinion - as that is what I felt it was worth.	
Jul 4 2007 	Ecclectic Ecstacy	Dear Traveler'sMiller's is a delightful, artistic/poetic of course and very eccentric hotel. There are a small number of rooms, our room and particularly our bed was sooooo comfortable (especially after lugging our suitcases all over Europe using public transportation). There is an open bar- (had a grand Pimm's Lemonade) the host has his own label of (was it Gin or Vodka?, antique books and books on key UK women and men (he must publish as well). The living room (as is the rest of the place) is jam packed with magazines, books, antiques and etc- all regularly dusted, and you can cozy up to the corner window and watch life go by one floor down. You feel like you are staying in your own flat in a grand neighborhood of boutiques and fun eateries. Very pleasant choices for a European style breakfast (e.g. meats cheeses breads fruit etc) come with the stay. It was quiet when we were there although we were able to visit with some of the guests. The staff were polite and helpful and probably have a lot of interesting stories to tell about us travelers. I think it is well worth the splurge, certainly is a special and unique lodging experience with all the amenities and all the character that the run of the mill hotels don't have. Enjoy!	
Jun 25 2007 	Very special.	Miller's is fantastic. It is absolutely rich in character and personality. There are only 7 rooms, you get a key to the entrance and to your room, so you feel like you're staying in your own place.There is art everywhere, and I mean every inch. The staff is friendlyand personal. Breakfast is good, and the breakfast room/ living room is also loaded with character. The place is old so don't expect an elevator, double glazed windows, air conditioning or perfect plumbing. I had no problem with any of that. We had plenty of hot water and a nice big double hung window. The location is superb. There are lots of places to eat around the corner and even downstairs! It's a nice residential area with boutiques on Westbourne Grove and the Portobello market is ten minutes away on foot. Hyde Park is also ten minutes away. From Westbourne Grove it's easy to take the bus directly to Oxford Street and the West End or to South Kensington and Knightsbridge or over thethames. I look forward to staying here again.	
May 21 2007 	Don't count on your reservation here!	This is a warning to anyone booking at Millers - have a back-up plan! Even if you receive a confirmation you may not actually have a room.Here's what happened to me:After much research, including reading all the reviews here on TripAdvisor, I called Millers and made a booking to spend 3 nights over the Memorial Day weekend 2007. I made the booking back in February 2007 via telephone and received a confirmation via email on Feburary 28.On May 16, just 1 week before we were supposed to arrive, I received an email from Millers saying they had a mix-up in their reservations and they did not have any room for me. They suggested another hotel, which was slightly more expensive (and in which I had no interest) and a 15% discount should I stay at Millers in the future.The reservationist - Matthew - called a few days later and cheerily asked if I got his email. I told him how appalled I was by the situation, and he told me that they had a temporary reservationist back in November who took a booking for 2 rooms but only reserved one, so they were giving my room to that person since they booked before I did. This was NOT a satisfactory explanation to me, particularly since when I called in February they still had other rooms available so clearly they were booting me out even though others had booked after me. I explained this but to no avail (which makes me wonder what the real story was for withdrawing my room, but I guess I will never know).Fortunately, with some scrambling around, I managed to get another reservation somewhere else at short notice. However, I am shocked and disappointed at Miller's appalling lack of regard for their customers. I can't imagine ever planning to go back there 15% discount or not, as I can't be sure whether they will actually have a reservation for me or not.Be warned if you book there!	
Apr 20 2007	What a discovery!	My girlfriend and I stayed for 3 nights in March this year as our friends highly recommended Miller's Residence and have been raving about it for ages so we thought we'd give it a shot. Well...they wereright! We had the most brilliant time and have never stayed at a place like it. The interior is amazing and filled to the brim with interesting antiques and pieces. The staff were so friendly and the location is perfect as you can just wander out and you're in the middle of everything. Finally we've found somewhere in London that we will go back to.MGM	
Mar 18 2007 	Gorgeous Great Location 	London is expensive. There's no getting over that, so just plan to splurge. Staying at Millers Residence made our trip to London memorable. The surroundings are sumptous and relaxing, but not intimidating. There is a touch of whimsy throughout and if you find the surroundings still daunting (which you won't), just have a talk with one of the staff---they're wonderful, down to earth &amp; extremely helpful. The neighborhood is loaded with small shops &amp; restaurants of every type and there's a convenient tube stop just a few blocks away. Staying at Millers again would be a treat---one I would gladly afford myself!	
Mar 6 2007 	Loved Miller's Residence!	The most unusual and fantastically different hotel you can imagine. It was like staying in a cross between the National Museum and a junk shop! Every corner of the room/hotel is filled by some type of antique -in good or bad taste. Stayed one night in one of their suites, it was very romantic and staff were really nice - like staying in some really quirky uncle's house. Room was not that big for a suite, but kitchenette had a choice of complimentary alcoholic and soft drinks. Drinks in bar downstairs are free - which to an Irish person is like the perk of the century! - and the atmosphere when candles are lit is amazing. If you like your hotels spotless and souless, this is not the place for you, but if you are looking for something completely different, friendly and a place you will be talking about for a long time to your friends, go for it! Not cheap....but well worth the money for a special occasion.	
Jul 31 2006 	Romantic Bliss	My girlfriend and I stayed here last weekend and it was the most fabulous little gem I have found as a hotel in London. The atmosphere and ambience is like no other hotel I have ever been to on this planet. It's unique in it's character and if you want to take your other half to a place where you don't want to share them with anyone else.. it's got to be the best!! As there are only 7 rooms, everyone else was out so we had the whole place to ourselves... We just couldn't understand it how the other guests would want to go anywhere else on the Saturday night!! Oh yes and to top it all... the bar is free!! Fell in love all over again! What decandent bliss.. Lovely...	
May 2 2006	Den of iniquity? Nay Sir…if I may be so bold Den of Antiquity…	I am still reeling from a veritable tumble down the rabbit hole, into Wonderland. Not Alice’s Wonderland however, but the sumptuous, covert box of delights that is Miller’s Residence. Nestling in London’s Notting Hill, I found myself warmly installed amongst the flotsam and jetsam of a lifetime’s treasure hunting, stunning baroque interiors matched with evocative trinkets of a time long since gone. Picture the bizarre, the sinister, the curious, infused with a joviality and gin-spirited ambience to bring a flush of colour to the cheeks of the most pallid of maidens. And there I was, such a maiden, bedecked with all manner of delight, from the morning’s banquet through to the hazy rememberings of an evening supping mother’s ruin and singing hearty songs by the fire. As for the night time, oh Jupiter! How I wept with pleasure as I spied the decadent and delightful surroundings that were to house my sleeping self that night. There is not a person on this earth who would not benefit from time spent at this delicious little enclave of respite from the miasma of broken dreams that floats above the putrid city that is London town. A must.	
Jun 6 2005 	Step into Miller's World	Do not stay here if you want modern minimalist and flashy bathrooms. Do go if you want surreal theatrical surroundings, great hospitality and interesting conversation. Miller’s has no restaurant but if you do step out into the real world again you’ll find any number of restaurants to suit your taste and pocket.	
Jun 8 2004	Fanastic	The greatest London experience ever. The Miller's Residence is like walking through time. The staff made us feel like we were visiting an eclectic Aunt we wished we had. Stay here for a most unforgettable time.	
Jun 8 2004	????????		
