	Eccentric Friendly Economy hotel	It is hard to have the heart to say anything negative about this hotel as the staff are so genuinely friendly and helpful, and are prepared to go out of their way to ensure your comfort. They kept my bag a whole day after I checked out at no extra cost for which I am extremely gratefulI think the staff at the hotel are mainly from the former Soviet Central Asian Republics and is a hub for the community which gives it an exotic vibe. The decor is Central Asian with a slight Soviet flavour. More could be done with decor in the rooms, in particular, to make them a bit more boutique-like and less utilitarian. That said the bed was fine and the bathroom functioned well.I would come again for the atmosphere and friendly staff if nothing else.	
Sep 29 2009 	A Unique London Experince	We were accompaning our daughter for the fall term at Kings College, and were originally booked at a hotel closer to the center of London. We wanted to be closer to her dorm. This hotel was recommended by one of the staff at the College. The first impression was not favorable, and I asked to see the room before commiting to a stay. Our room was a third floor, very steep, walkup, no lifts.But the room was quite modern and clean, so we decided to stay for the remaining five nights. The staff was very accomodating, although not very conversant in English.The ride to London attractions is via a bus, and then the underground if needed. Not a problem.There are few restuarants in the immediate area. We had a traditional English breakfast a couple of the mornings, and one dinner in the hotel. The food was not great, but acceptable.This would be a good place to stay for anyone visiting Kings College.	
Sep 8 2009 	A great economy boutique hotel	Overall a great stay and we will definitely be staying again!This hotel is in a good location if this is the area you are after as it is right by a bus stop.We had originally booked an economy double and upon first look around the room were very pleased (yes it was basic, but nice!) however we then noticed we had been given a disabled room which meant there was a shower curtain instead of a door to the bathroom. As part of a new couple I wanted a door for the bathroom!! I sent my boyfriend to reception to ask to swap, however he came back saying they would only move us if we paid £20 to upgrade as they had no more economy rooms left. As we were going clubbing for the night I did not really want to pay to upgrade as we would not really be there to benefit from the upgraded room. Therefore I went back to reception to ask again - at first I got nowhere, however after getting a bit agitated I was told the manager would be back in 10 minutes and would sort it out. We decided to go for food in the hotels restaurant and deal with it later. As we walked through to the back of the hotel to the restaurant we began to wonder where we were going - when we went through the door we felt we had entered another world - half the restaurant was done beautifully with low tables and cushions to sit on - lovely!The waitresses did not have a great grasp of the english language which was a shame as we asked for some descriptions of meals and they did not really understand what questions we were asking. The food however was absolutely delicious!! Whilst eating the manager came to see us was very apologetic and moved us to another a room (he took our luggage up whilst we ate). The new room was great. The furnture is all pretty basic and there are one or two weird things (like bath taps in the shower!) however it was very clean and we really liked the basic but trendy design.We will definitely stay here again as it was a fun hotel at a reasonable price!	
Sep 8 2009 	Bad location over priced terrible beds!! (and things went missing....)	The service was ok apart from a fairly lapse reception girl. And the food was nice but plain and overpriced. It has treatment rooms in the hotel for various things but were advised by other guests not to bother as the girl 'didn't have a clue what she was doing'. Not really the place to relax and be pampered anyway...The room was nowhere near as good as the pictures made out, especially as we paid extra for a 'deluxe double' and the bed wasn't even a full sized double?! No wonder they wouldn't let us take a peek as we checked in early and had to leave our bags in reception. The shower had a serious tempature problem and wasn't powerful at all. Really noisy pub which kept us awake until late too..Our friends came back and wanted to use our room to get changed in and they charged us almost £20 per person to come into our pokey room for more than five minutes. RIP OFF!We also had items go missing from our room and were told by the Management that, 'we had signed a disclaimer on check in'? I understand passports etc needing to be put in a safe but not expensive toiletries etc?! Its more dodgy inside the hotel than it is in mugging capital camberwell!! Best advice would be find somewhere else, its a taxi ride from anywhere, no local tube, your property is signed away on checking in. BAD BAD BAD!	
Aug 24 2009 	Would recommend	This is a lovley hotel in camberwell and good for money, the staff are very helpfull and i had a good nights sleep. the only thing i would say is that the room stank of smoke and the room could of done with a touch up here and there, all in all a very nice place and i would return	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent value	Attended a function in London and had to book accomodation quite last minute and after reading mixed reviews about this hotel decided to try it out. First impression when found the area was that of slight apprehension. The hotel is amid a row of shops and had to dash in to get directions to the car park located at the back of the hotel. You then have to walk through the restaurant (which is also where breakfast is served) to get back to the reception area. I was pleasantly surprised at how well kept and clean the hotel was. The staff are extremely accomodating and will go the extra mile to ensure a comfortable stay. I booked 2 single rooms for my friend and I and expected them to be fairly small and I wasn't disappointed. The hotel has obviously had a recent refurb and the room was modern and clean as was the bathroom (no bath just a shower) but perfect for our requirements. There is a bus stop 2 minutes from the hotel and there are several buses which go to the centre of London - IDEAL!! The No. 12 which goes to Oxford Circus is a 24 hour service. Returned back to the hotel in the early hours and didn't feel at all intimidated by the area, in fact stopped at a 24hr Kebab House and had a Lamb Kebab which was freshly cooked and so tasty (recommended by the owner of the hotel).Added extra is that there is a Turkish sauna and a treatment room.For £5.00, breakfast the next morning was great!! Only regret was not having time to dine at the restaurant which has a Turkish theme. Very colourful with one half furnished with low tables and bright scatter cushions in to sit on and dine in a traditional way. Or you can walk over a little wooden bridge which has a small pond underneath with a few carp, goldfish and a turtle to get to the other half of the restaurant which has conventional tables for dining at. I did peruse the menu and saw the food being served the previous night and it smelt and looked quite delicious. I will definitely stay there again and make sure I sample their food. Well done to the staff and Manager - great service!!! Thank you - Audrey and Mike	
Jul 28 2009 	Great value very friendly staff	I paid £53 per night in what is a very clean hotel with friendly staff. The decor may seem a little odd to British travellers, being Kazak/Kyrg in style, but I thought that added something. It's liek a cut-price boutique hotel and for the money I thought it was spot on. I didn't try the restaurant but it looks good and had belly dancers on! My only (very small) grip is that the small window in my room didn't have curtains, so I had to lay some cushions along the sill to keep out light. Otherwise great.	
Jul 23 2009 	Our stay	We were there for 4 nights. Our stay was good, but the food was not our cup of tee. The breakfast was verry nice but with dinner it's a outher story.(tastes differ simply.)If there was a problem, the staff wil do annything to make it good. they were verry nice to the gast.Oure room om the 3e floor was ok. a lote of stairs and no elevaor. Bathroom need more finishing. There is a waredrope but you can not use him. It was to small and there were too much stuff in it, that not belong in a waredrope.overall it was a experience.	
Jun 27 2009 	contextualise expectations	Last week, I spent two nights at the Pasha hotel. The booking was made before we read the reviews. Given the negative publicity the hotel has received, we would not have stayed there if it wasn't for the need to be close to a conference venue. All that was mentioned is true and no doubt will influence others to look elsewhere for a hotel in the area. However, there are positives and with time I have little doubt the owner will make improvements to Pasha. The place is next to a railway line, but the owner tries as much as possible to offer the quieter rooms first. Rates are reasonable, considering the hotel is in London. We paid £70 for two. Breakfast at an extra charge of £5 never materialized, but we preferred to look for a cafe or coffee shop and make our own choices. The room was spotless, the TV worked, and the staff were very friendly. The hotel was on an excellent bus route to the South Bank and the city centre. My hope is that with support, the owner will focus on some of the details: better internal insulation and fresher passageways that absorb some of the scents from the sauna room. The bathroom facilities could do with improvements, the electrical wiring in the bedroom was rather makeshift and the beds need reading lamps. He has tried to create a small Turkish haven with some of the amenities - the sauna, the beautician's salon and the restaurant at the back of the hotel. This was a very brave decision, considering the location isn't upmarket London. My only advice to him is to focus now so that expectations are met and Pasha becomes a signature establishment in the area.	
May 11 2009 	If you need a crash pad in South London this will do the job.	We stayed at Hotel Pasha on a Friday night as we were going to a concert at the Brixton Academy and wanted to stay the night somewhere relatively near by rather than try and get the last train home from Waterloo. Hotel Pasha was around 10/15 mins bus ride from Brixton and the price for a superior double room (£90 + £10 for 2 breakfasts &amp; £5 to park in the car park) was within our budget so it seemed the perfect choice. Having read a few of the reviews on this site I was slightly uncertain as to what we had let ourselves in for in terms of the actual hotel but if you know South London and Camberwell in particular you'll know that you're not getting the picture postcard side of London with regard to the area and the hotels location. The car park at the rear of the hotel doesn't really give you a great first impression (think Hill Street Blues) but once you're inside the hotel you soon forget about that. As stated in other reviews the hotel does indeed back onto railway lines and you actually pass under the railway arches (if you enter from the car park) in order to get to the front desk via the restuarant &amp; function room. The front desk staff were very welcoming and friendly and we were shown to our room after filling out the obligatory form and provding proof of ID.Our room (312) did back directly onto the railway line and it was certainly very obvious when a train went past that it wasn't going to be something you could ignore if you were in the room for any length of time. We decided to bite the bullet and stay put based on the fact that we were going straight back out again and wouldn't be returning until after 11pm. To be fair I don't think any trains went past at all on Saturday morning so my concern about getting woken up by the first early morning train was unfounded. It may be a different case on a week day though.... I would say that perhaps only 6 of the hotels rooms are actually directly overlooking the railway lines and that if you weren't in one of those 6 rooms you probably would never know that they were there. I guess the staff would move you to another room (if available) without hesitation if you requested not be near the railway lines, it's probably worth checking with them when you book if you know it's going to cause you a problem. The room itself was totally acceptable, decent comfy bed with clean white linen and towels in the bathroom. It looks like the rooms were refurbed in the last couple of years in the contemporary IKEA showroom style, which was fine by us.Breakfast was a standard English affair, sausage, bacon, egg, tomato with tea or coffee. The coffee was very good but I'd expect that from a Turkish owned and run hotel. As I said earlier the staff were really helpful and friendly and they let us leave the car in the car park all day Saturday whilst we went into central London to do some shopping and sightseeing. The hotel is served very well by bus routes with stops just outside that will run you into central London in 20/25 mins. Despite the train lines that run behind the hotel there is no underground station within walking distance so you would really need to either use the buses or take taxi rides to get out and about.As I say in the title of this review &quot;If you need a crash pad in South London this will do the job&quot;.	
May 9 2009 	Lovely staff but overpriced	Overall I enjoyed my stay here - the staff are extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms on the whole are clean and well designed. Initially I was put in a room above the restaurant and next to the train line - not a great combo. I had intended to relax and have a nap, but pounding dance music from below put a stop to that idea! However, a call to reception resulted in my being moved swiftly to another, much better room on the third floor. I stay in a lot of hotels around london and am always on the lookout for a bargain but I'm afraid this isn't one. The carpets badly need replacing throughout - they give such a poor impression the minute you walk through the door from reception, there is no lift and very narrow ,steep stairs that make getting luggage to and from the top floor a complete nightmare.(having said that though, the lovely man on reception carried mine all the way). But where was my 'wonderful buffet breakfast'??? My room cost £85 without breakfast and for an extra £5.00 I was presented with 2 slices of Mothers pride, a plate of jam and a bowl of muesli. Really poor. Judging by what I've seen from other hotels, this one really should be in the £60 - £70 bracket and with a bit of a refurb could be quite a bargain because on the whole it's fun to stay in. The area is a bit grungy, but safe with lots of good bars and eateries further down the road and I loved the slightly seedy David Lynch feel of the hotel. We ate in the restaurant and it was great - really interesting cuisine, but ask to be seated at cushions at the low tables because the rest of the restaurant lacks atmosphere.	
Apr 14 2009 	The worst hotel i have ever stayed in	Well i would say that this is certainly not a Botique Hotel as advertised first of all. As a young couple we reguarly visit London and have stayed in many hotels, I have just discovered that after staying at The Pasha Hotel you cannot do London on a budget and expect it to be remotly ok! We decided on Pasha Hotel as the pictures on the website made it look so inviting with a Turkish Spa, Morrocan Restaurant and 'beer garden' Roof Terrance.. perfect and for only £5 more than what a Travel Lodge would have cost, i think i have learnt my lesson that if somthing sounds to good to be true it usually is... We arrived on Saturday, i could'nt beleive my eyes this well presented front of house was not a stand hotel but nessetled between a convinience store and a caribean barbers on a extreamly busy road in the middle of a rough area on the out skirts of London, there is no where to park and off load baggage at the front of the hotel and parking is around the back of the hotel, the site there is WORSE much WORSE it now looks like we've arrived at a backstreet brothel.Having said this the Turkish staff were extreamly helpful and met us around the back of the hotel to help us park our car underneath the surveailence camera (just in case) and help with our suitcases. From the back of the hotel you arrive straight into the Restaurant and are greeted with a stale smell of somthing horrible, there is a strange pond in the middle of the restaurant and a bird cage (eew) with noisy birds tweeting, is this a Zoo or a restaurant, ??? we certainly will not be eating here during our stay!Next is the 'games room' all darkly lit with spot lights and red carpet 'very seedy' it has a pool table and a games machine, we are now making our way onto the 3rd floor - this hotel does not have a lift so getting upstairs with lots of luggage is a bit of a nightmare.Once we arrived in our room, i was pleased to note that the room and bathroom was quite light and spashious but we were litteraly 2 meters from a train line (GREAT)... everytime a train went past we were woken up. On closer inspection the room seriously needed a good clean, i.e. carpets etc..Time for a quick browse at that Turkish Spa and roof terrace, no words can describe, the Spa is the smaller than my lounge... you would not want to strip off to get in there! and the roof terrace looks over some high rise flats and the main road... nice view! NOT!!I think its safe to stay we will not be staying at the Pasha Hotel ever again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Competitive Rates Interesting Area Not Flawless	Being a wheelchair user and usually going for the standardized safety of the big chains, I tried the Pasha hotel out of pure desperation over those ludicrous London rates. In hindsight, I don't regret it. My room rate of GBP 75 including cooked English breakfast was reasonable and resembled the hotel's overall facilities and services. I would not consider it a bargain, because the competitive rates also reflects the presence of some flaws that clearly are below standard.Judging the Pasha based on the rates offered, it should be compared to a suburban travelodge or premier inn. Based on such comparison, the Pasha's location is a pro. At the time of booking, I could not manage to find a travelodge that was halfways in central London offering the same rates. Camberwell Road is a lively place with all sorts of shops, a place where real people live, work and shop. It did not feel unsafe, and the bus connections are good.My disabled room offered a small, but functional bathroom with a shower stool in the roll-in shower. The overall impression was a bit uninviting and unsightly, especially as the walls and the carpets had parts coming off and dirty spots to them. Inefficient heating, leaving the room a bit cold. There are odd contrasts all around this hotel with some decorations looking brand new and exceptionally clean while other spots look as though they were left forgotten during renovations. I slept quite well nevertheless, no major source of nighttime noise. The railway line directly behind the hotel does not seem to have a very frequent service; I did not hear a single train.Service was friendly both during booking procedure and staying at the premises, but not without flaws, either. One employee was kind enough to show me my room and get me a new working key card, but failed to knock on my doors when returning. In the (very nice) restaurant-breakfast room, the cooked breakfast was brought to us without any prior question as to what we'd like -- bad for vegetarians who get the ham and the sausages whether they like it or not. I would stay again here if the rate was a bit more reduced to GBP 50-60. At 75 quid, it is often possible to get a travelodge or premier inn room. These might not offer the individual charm of the Pasha, but have more reliable and less patchy facilities and service. I would prefer the Pasha over the Waterloo Novotel (Lambeth Road) which has rates around 96 GBP but also offers service and facilities far from perfect. If the Pasha managed to bring their entire facilities up to the standards of their really nice areas, it would be a sure recommendation.	
Nov 2 2008	Glad to leave	I was impressed by the hotel website and the convenient location,as I was visiting from Cornwall for a wedding in South East London.On arrival at the hotel,I found the staff very friendly and helpful.I was provided with a large vase in which to put some flowers I had been given ,so it was a good start.When arriving at my tiny single bedroom,it was very cold as the heating was not on and it took ages to warm up.I had to remove a cheap,thin blanket from the bed and a couple of cushions,as they had some rather suspect looking stains on them.(yeurghh! ).The bathroom was unheated and VERY cold.The red carpet running throughout the hotel was absolutely filthy and the management would do well to simply remove it and show off the marble floors.When I gave my comments to the girl on the front reception ,whilst checking out,in particular about the stained bedding,she made a comment about the room only being a standard ( the implication being that if I wanted a budget room ,I had no right to complain about revolting bedding.)In my opinion,the whole place needs a complete overhaul and certain members of staff need to be trained to actually listen to negative feedback and realise that their customers may actually have important information to give them.I would never stay here again and would not dream of recommending this place to anyone else.I'm not in the habit of making public complaints,but feel that other people need to know that this is a place to avoid.	
Oct 21 2008	Rooms are new!	I stayed 1 night and tried their restaurant. It is renovated recently, so very new, clean rooms. If you prefer quiet, pls request a room not facing the train line in advance. Food in the restaurant is very good for the price. £80 for a double room in London is worth to try.	
Oct 10 2008 	Very good choice!	It was our first visit to London. We were a bit afraid of what kind of hotel we will get, because we heard quite negative things about London and its hotel accomodations. We arrived late in the evening and we had no problem finding the hotel - the bus stop is right in front of it. There are a lot of bus lines driving frequently to the city centre from this area. It takes about 20mins to get to the centre and the tourist attractions.The staff was very very friendly, helpful and they even talked to us in German. We were very surprised- in a positive way when we saw our room. It was modern, the bathroom was new and all in all everything was really clean. We felt secure in the area and there were not so much tourists around - which was really good to see also this part of London. The English breakfast (if you like sausage and meat in the morning) was good, the restaurant looked quite interesting and we regret, that we did not had a dinner there.All in all we were glad to stay in this hotel and we can recommend it and would also book it when we will be going next time to London.	
Sep 25 2008 	The good the bad 	Having seen the website &amp; the newly decorated hotel I was looking forward to our stay. I knew that it wasn't exactly located in the centre of say a Victoria (as was our previous hotel) &amp; that the nearest tube might be a trek. All reflected in the price I thought however as the more central hotels in the price range just didnt look anything like hotel Pacha with it's modern decor &amp; they had some dire reviews.I know Camberwell isn't exactly an area for the rich &amp; or tourists but I didnt think anything of this as I noted there was a bus stop very nearby to the hotel which would make for an easy commute to elephant &amp; castle tube station (as there aren't many in the area) or we could just travel directly into Westminster &amp; like. We when arrived we did find the area itself a little shall we say intimidating it took an age to find the hotel which equally isnt very impressive from the outside. I wouldnt stay here if you are expecting the plush streets of Knightsbridge or somewhere!! pay the additional &amp; stay there instead. I'd recommend getting a bus from the tube station Elephant and Castle 12, 146, 168 and so on which were frequent once we located the bus stop just outside the University exit of the station. However we soon did adjust &amp; the commute which initially was a concern wasnt bad when we got our bearings &amp; became more accustomed to using the buses to the tube which is a mile &amp; a half or so away....we did on occasion just use the buses to travel to &amp; from the hotel &amp; the main city, if you are planning on visiting central London each day i'd get a day pass which can be used both on the buses &amp; the tube itself, ours certainly paid for itself.On arrival we found the staff were friendly &amp; polite. Once we entered the room in was both modern &amp; clean as expected, I opened the window to find a railway track directly in line with my window with large tower flats in the distance. Again this wasnt really a problem as there was double glazing. However later that night there was a loud banging which would start &amp; stop, it sounded as though something was dropping onto the shower floor each time..... eventually we realised it could be coming from directly under our bathroom, initially we thought it could have been a banging door but were assured no windows were open in the hotel &amp; the room below was empty...could have been the pipes? this kept me awake all night. We did complain a few times but as we did it stopped for a spell as it usually came &amp; went. The staff said there were Housing Association houses next door &amp; prehaps any banging was due to neighbours but if it continued they would consider moving us the next day &amp; listen out for the sound. It did eventually start all over again &amp; worsen to a extent I couldnt sleep on the last night either &amp; the sound of the tv next door (which must have been on the wall like our own) until the early hours didnt help either.To summarise i'd say if you are familiar with areas of London other than the obvious tourist areas &amp; looking for somewhere modern &amp; clean to stay for a night or so whilst traveling i'd stay here. But if you are a new visitor to London or alien to it i'd steer well clear &amp; stick the the more tourist areas which are more Central &amp; better served by the tube. They might well cost you more as you are paying for location but there is a reason people pay the extra. Eventually when we noted breakfast isn't included we thought Pacha just wasnt inexpensive enough to make staying further out in a area like Camberwell worth while &amp; we wont be staying either here or in Camberwell again.	
Aug 4 2008 	A Night In The Ghetto!	Around an hour before we left to travel to the hotel, we were called to say that they had only just seen our booking and instead of a double room they only had 2 separate single rooms, when I said this would be a problem, the manager told me he would try to fix it. We had this phone call at 6pm and could've checked in at 3pm, so it was lucky we didn't arrive then! We used my sat nav to find the hotel, but thought there must have been a problem when we arrived in a very run down high street full of fried chicken shops, police sirens and people drinking on the street. We had to drive up and down a few times before we actually spotted the hotel, as from the outside you would have thought it was a run down Indian resturant, no indication that it was actually a hotel. We eventually managed to find somewhere to park but did worry if our car would be safe there. We entered the hotel where there was a receptionist who could not speak very good English and 2 other members of staff who were busy checking their 'Facebook' pages on the PC. One came over to take our luggage who was the manager, and could also speak little English.. He took us up to our double room, which was up 3 or 4 flights of very narrow spiral stairs. Our key didn't work so he used his own and said he'd bring us up a new one. He returned shortly with a new key, a cleaning spray and a cloth, explaining that they didn't have time to clean before we arrived (even though we arrived late), he cleaned all surfaces and then told us to mind the glass of the broken mirror, nice. We went out for the evening and on our return saw all the gangs who met in this street, it was VERY intimidating. Although it was a hot night we had to close all windows in a failing attempt to block out the noise of shouting and sirens. We left earlier than planned the next morning and were grateful we had only booked one night!!	
Jul 5 2008 	Ewcellent--- Couldnt have asked for more	When I read the two review I was suprised to see only good reviews and I was a little anxious. The area is a little iffy and the out side of the Hotel looks like an indian restaurant but DO NOT LET THAT PUT YOU OFF.The Staff including the manager could not be anymore welcoming. one of the staff lead us to our room.. when we opened the door we were pleasantly suprised. The room was light and airy. The room was very spacious and extremely clean and well presented. the newly refurbished bathroom was really high spec. although our room was very close to the rail line we did not mind as we were so tired from sight seeing. The room was fully equiped with all mod cons including small fridge in which there was a small mini bar which was complimentry( included some light refreshments- chocalate,lemonade etc.) We had a look into the restaurant and I am diapointed now that we didnt try it as it looked amazing... It was asian cuisineandt the decor was fantastic. Also the rate we got was brilliant.A big pat on the back to the Staff and Management.	
Jun 23 2008 	A very good hotel	I've recently stayed at Pasha hotel and want to stay more as they completely renovated hotel throughout. Reception is bright and spacious with nice leather sofas. Room was medium in size, but you have your own individually controlled air conditioner, flat screen TV (small, fair enough), walk in shower, very comfy bed, very clean room. Staff is very friendly and helpful. They also have an authentic kyrgyz-kazak restaurant. I will highly recommends this hotel. Area wise, let be honest, London is not the safest city in the world, even if you stay at Dorchester.	
Apr 6 2008 	Amased by Pasha	Such a classy style was actually unexpected for me since i know the former situation of the facility. Now Pasha Hotel became a deluxe facility. I am excited to have its hamam and kazak restaurant to be open. Its modern and minimalist style is definitelly relaxing.	
Oct 20 2009 	Ambiance calme luxe et volupté.....pour petit prix.		
Jul 14 2009 	Le meilleur hôtel pour découvrir Londres		
Oct 10 2008	Un pò fuori mano ma pulito e ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Sep 17 2008 	Pasha ist sein Geld wert		
Jul 21 2008 	Agréablement surpris		
