	Comfortable solid hotel	All in all I can recommend the hotel. The room was clean, the breakfast was good. The rooms are comfortable and have a romantic old style. But my room was rather small, the bathroom definitely was too small. For 1 night, this definitely will do it though.	
Nov 3 2009 	Clean comfortable and great value	We travelled up to Londons Holborn and a 10 minute walk got us to the hotel. Friendly staff on arrival and as we were early, we could leave our bag at reception until 2pm (official check in time) The hotel is a perfect central location for a day outReturned back later and given our room (115) and bag promptly sent up.Small room but spotless. Large queen bed very comfortable. Attractive soft furnishings.The bathroom again spotless. Flat screen TV in perfect working order.After a comfortable night went for breakfast which was continental and perfectly adequate and the restaurant was lovely overlooking the garden.The staff were very pleasant and for £70 it was well worth it We would certainly return	
Sep 17 2009	PERFECT TOP SECRET LOCATION	ideally located, just tucked away around the side of the british museum, amazing comfortable bed, although the room was below ground, so no view, but considering the price i didnt mind, the room and facilities were nice and clean, i dont think i would have paid the going rate though, the price i paid meant it was very good value for money	
Sep 9 2009 	Perfect location great hotel and service	This was a wonderful boutique hotel backing on to the British Museum. The location was ideal, with everything we needed within reasonable distance by either &quot;shanks's pony&quot;, tube or bus. The service was friendly and nothing was too much trouble. No air conditioning but as our room backed on to the hotel's back garden, which in turn backed on to the side of the museum, we could have our windows wide open and allow fresh air into the room. Overall, we were delighted with the hotel [but we did find a local cafe for breakfast as we thought £23 for a full English was pushing it a bit!!]	
Sep 5 2009 	great location	The location was perfect for being close to bloomsbury and soho, as well as being near a tube stop. We got a very good rate and the room was very comfortable even though we were below street level in the &quot;maids&quot; room and a lil close to all the early morning action for sleep ins.	
Sep 3 2009 	very nice best location	I stayed in the hotel with my partner, a friend and her child. We booked 2 double bedrooms. At arrival, the staff was very nice and friendly. When they gave us the rooms we were a bit worried about the quality when we heard that the rooms are at the lower ground floor. The rooms are very small with no view but they are very clean, comfortable bed (maybe not for very tall people, the bed is a kind of short length), plasma TV, very cozy. The bathroom was very clean as well, nice shower. We are the kind of people who like a clean bed and a clean bathroom and this hotel provided these. If you are in London for the experience of the city and you do not spend much time in the room (only to sleep and have a shower), this hotel is perfect. Is located near the British Museum, walking distance to Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly Circus and others. In the evening (during the weekend) you can park on the street in front of the hotel for free. Same thing on Sunday. We liked very much the location and the room provided us with the things we wanted. We will certainly book there again if we find a good deal (otherwise it would be a bit expensive for our pockets -the deal we had was 80 pounds a night for double room - great for central London!).	
Sep 1 2009 	perfect location wonderfull hotel	After reading the reviews on here I was a bit worried about stopping here but it was excellent! We arrived well before the normal check in time but our room was ready and we were upgraded for free to the four poster room and taken straight there.The room was beautiful and all the fixtures and fittings were a lovely, solid and expensive looking the room was spotless and had everything you might need from a hairdryer to a trouser press as well as the usual well stocked tea and coffee draws.The staff we so friendly and professional , everyone was smiley and went out of their way to help with anything they could including storing our luggage after we checked out for a whole day so we could fit in some extra sight seeing without the bags!The hotel also booked our theatre tickets which were great seats and the theatre was just round the corner.This hotel is about 5 mins walk from the tube and over looks the British museum the area is very safe and we happily wandered round after midnight without a care.The breakfast was a continental which was fine (I’m not a lover of continental breakfast I prefer the traditional English but since it was over £20 each we gave it a miss lol) but for a continental it was very full there was cereal, toast, fruit juice selection, fresh fruit, fish, ham, beef, cheese selection, pastry selection and bread so plenty to eat.I would defiantly stop here again it was central to everything and very reasonable considering our friends stopped in a much more expensive hotel only 3 minutes down the road and their room was tiny but cost £60 more for the one night!	
Aug 24 2009 	bad hotel	I arrived around 1PM and the staff said they gave me a room facing the garden, but we were told to check back in later because check-in time is 3PM and the room was not ready. When we return later we were re-assigned to room 30X, no explaination were given. 30X a room on top floor and facing the street. The ceiling is too low, the bed is too soft almost cause back pain, at night there's a lot of car noise. The room is tiny too. The staff are not friendly. The area is not good, food is horrible (in London, most restaurant is horrible anyway, there are some so-so ones in covent garden, but still cannot reach an acceptable level)Part of the reason I chose this hotel is to utilize the open-late days of british museum. But that's another joke too, because most rooms in the museum are closed around 5:30 normal time. Choosing the hotel is a big mistake, not recommend at all!	
Aug 11 2009 	Never Again.....	We booked the hotel online and got what we thought was a pretty good deal considering the area the hotel is in. On route to the hotel we got slightly lost and duly called the hotel for some guidance. The staff had no idea where we were even though we mentioned we were right in front of a local theatre and it turned out we were only around the corner ! The girls advice was to return to the local tube station and ask for directions from there! So hotel found we checked in and were asked for a £20 pre-authorisation charge, although this had never been mentioned before we paid it as we knew we would get it back when we left. And so we went to our room and this is where the experience went horribly wrong. We stayed in room 307 and the heating was a joke! The heat was unbearable and all we had was a small fan and no air con as it is a listed building. During the night we left the window open and we could still hardly breathe, Our chocolates we bought as presents melted within ten minutes as the mini-bar was locked even thought we had paid the £20 as requested! I tried to call down to reception during the night to complain but after many rings i gave up! The room was clean but the bed was uncomfortable and the two single beds pushed together kept coming apart catching my partner on the leg on more than one occassion. As we were getting ready to leave the door was knocked by the cleaner a good two hours before check out as they wanted to clean the room...this has never happened to me before in any hotel i have stayed at. I mentioned the heating during check out and was asked if a fan was there!!....after that the staff member apologised and said no more! So would i stay in this hotel again...No...there are far more brighter, cleaner and pleasant hotels in london to enjoy than this. The staff are fine and avoid room 307 if you can or try the hotel across the road.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great hotel - if there's a good deal	Lovely hotel in Bloomsbury - a wonderful part of London. Walking distance to so many places. Well worth the visit if you can get it at the right price	
Jul 14 2009	Very Nice!	As a regular business traveller to London I have experienced a wide range of hotels good and bad. This trip was leisure and I have to say that I shall be returning to this hotel. A pleasant welcome, we arrived early but the hotel was happy to store our luggage leaving us free to begin our weekend. Room was a twin at the back overlooking the garden. Large room even having a small sofa. Bathroom was spotless. They provided additional coat hangers without being asked. Only issue with the room was the lack of aircon but we were happy to sleep with windows open. there was very little noise.The staff were all extremely pleasant and helpful. Only one problem with their financial procedures pre authorising my card without telling me. I think this is a corporate issue rather than a hotel one and I have to say that the duty manager was extremely helpful when I raised the matter with her.Will definitely return.	
Jun 23 2009 	Lovely perfect hotel	this hotel was perfect! as location and as rooms... yes plural beacause we had two different stays in two different rooms, one night in a four poster double room and 2 nights in a standard room.both rooms are spotless clean, cozy, and comfortable.the room on the back garden is quiter, so better for light sleepers.staff was always helpful and kind.location is perfect! close to birtish museum, and to 3 different tube stations: holborn, russel square, tottenham court rd.breakfast: english breakfast was perfect and very good. it's served included only mon-fri, with supplement on sat-suncontinental brekfast wasn't so good.... please hotel staff CHANGE the croissants! they're like cardboard! and for an house of high level like this, it should be a choice of croissants!	
May 18 2009 	OK (just about)	The room we had at The White Hall (for an extra £25.00 pn) was great (overlooking the gardens) but everything else about the hotel was just mediocre. The restaurant and the bar were particularly grim. The staff were cheerless and gave off a couldn't care less attitude.There is just no comparison between this hotel and the Montague on the Gardens across the road, where we usually stay - that hotel is in a completely different league - and you'd be surprised how little extra it costs, but even if it cost twice as much it would be worth it. No aircon in the bedrooms make this hotel a no-go arear in the Summer.All in all, a pretty typical (second rate) Grange hotel.	
May 15 2009 	Spot on!	I decided at the last minute (2 days notice) to take my girlfriend to london for a couple of days for her birthday. Going to watch a show in leicester square I needed to find somewhere near by on a reasonable budget as I'd rather spend the money on her than somewhere to sleep! At £69 for the night with a continental breakfast the grange white hall was one of the cheapest and pretty close to where we needed to be.Spending this amount in this location was a bit of a worry but we were both pleasantly surpised at the room, service and breakfast, all spot on!!! Would highly recomend at twice the price!!	
Mar 30 2009 	Very nice and cosy hotel with good service	We were a bit surprised to find that our rooms were in the basement, but they were actually very nice. Big rooms, good bed and a clean bathroom. Staff was very polite and helpful. They did everything to satisfy us. The location is very good. Just about ten minutes walk from Oxford street. This hotel is not a fashionable, glamouros one, but a place where you really can feel like home. We will surely come back.	
Feb 18 2009	great location comfortable rooms	We stayed at the White Hall on our first trip to London and found the location very handy for getting around. The staff were pleasant and helpful with local and tourist information. We had a twin room on the street front which was nice &amp; roomy, but the street noise in the early mornings was a little intrusive. The pillows were great! The continental breakfasts were good. We had a second stay at the White hall and had a room overlooking the Museum which was quieter but a little smaller than the front room, but still adequate for our needs. Only drawback was that you had to ask for a key to the minibar from reception.	
Oct 28 2008 	Poor Service	We stayed at the Grange Whitehall years ago and had a good experience so we didn't hesitate to book there again. Soon after arriving at the hotel we realized we had made a mistake. Our room was in the basement down a poorly lit, musty hall. The room itself was OK at first glance, but soon after check-in we bagan to experience problems. Trouble began we we started having problems with the amenities in the room.Negatives:1. The shower was cold and the temperature wouldn't adjust. After muscling the control it gradually became scalding hot. It required a call to the desk to get that fixed. After that it was OK.2. The hair dryer. When I turned in on the first time it ran for about a minute or less and then turned off and wouldn't start again for 3-4 minutes. Another call to the desk. We were told it was designed that way. Why? No good answer. My wife went around with wet hair for three days.3. Any time we asked for anything it took hours for it to come to our room. A spare blanket, extra pillows, ice all took forever to arrive. The last time we asked for ice it was delivered promptly, but the next morning we discovered soggy bread crumbs in the melted ice.4. The bedspread. The first night my wilfe got a little cood so she pulled the bed spread up to use as a blanket only to be greeted by a horrible order. She slept cold the rest of the night. 5. The television. The remote didn't work. When I brought that to the attention of the desk of on of the workers messed around with it and told me I needed to hold the remote flat, turn the tv so it faced me directly, none of which helped. Finally he shrugged his shoulders and walked out. That was annoying but not horrible since there wasn't much to watch anyway.Positives:1. Good location. Right arond the corner from the British Musem and close to two tube stops. 2. Fairly reasonably priced.3. Mostly friendly, although not terribly attentive staff.	
Aug 28 2008 	Overall not a bad choice for tourists	Stayed here for three nights in two rooms with two teenage girls and a younger son. Got a pretty good room rate, all considered, and the location is'nt all that bad...just around the corner from the British Museum.Convenience is pretty good. Just off Russell Square on the Picadillly line (although we found the Holborne underground station is more convenient and is also on the Central line) which you can get to direct from Heathrow. This is also pretty close to the St. Pancras rail station, if you happen to be taking the Eurostar to Paris (which we did, but on a return trip where we stayed at a hotel near Paddington).The hotel and the room itself is a little past its prime, with the furnishings and the upholstry a little worn. If you are used to a Hilton you will be disappointed. Our showerhead came off when my wife took her first shower, but it was fixed when we came back to the room and never came off again. At the same time the rooms are relatively large and have high ceilings, not something we found many other places. My son was facinated with the glass elevator off the lobby.The breakfast (included) was fine with a buffet offering somewhat more options (threee juices and...kippered herring?) than we found later in France. The seating, however can get full, so you may find yourself in a pavillion outside rather than in the main dining area if you are late on a weekend.While somewhat young, and in many cases clearly not native UK, the hotel staff were all helpfull, dilligent and responsible.Overall, not a bad choice.	
Aug 23 2008 	nice stay	Nice hotel, helpful staff and had upgraded room on arrival. comfortable bed and room was very clean. Good breakfast lots of choice and service was good. Room a little stuffy two fans in room which would have been needed if we had a warm summer!!! as no aircon. overall very good fo the price and really good location.	
Jul 30 2008 	Didnt hit the spot	We found this hotel a huge let down. Outside the front the impression was fab, the reception was lovely and the staff very friendly and helpful. However, we wouldn't recommend a stay in the summer as the hotel is stifflingly hot with no A/C in bedrooms whatsoever and sleep is almost impossible with just a portable fan. On the Friday evening the garden was out of bounds to guests as a private party was held, Saturday morning and it was evident in all the public areas that a party had been held, the bar/lounge area was still dirty and the toilets a disgrace. Breakfast is a let down, things arent replenished ,don't bother there are plenty of really nice cafes in this area doing breakfast including a nice one in Russell Sq park. The garden was disappointingly dismal and the hotel is not making enough of this brilliant asset. There is a nice large conservatory, but again this is not used apart from spare space at breakfast or storage. The garden is overgrown around the conservatary so if there was seating in there it would be of no significance as its dingy. The rooms are comfortable but tired. Food is so so nothing special. Staff behind the scenes seem not quite up to 4* standard. Its in a great area, but you could do better, all in all very disappointing.	
Jul 25 2008 	A quiet oasis in Bloomsbury - right next door to the British Museum	Booked at a special rate with lastminute.com. Bang next to the British Museum, with a nice quiet garden to the rear. Room very quiet and well-maintained. Staff efficient and well-meaning (mainly Eastern Europeans)Good facilities in room.	
Jul 21 2008 	Fantatsic!	I stayed in the Grange White Hall Hotel the weekend just gone. It was utterly fantastic!! The Welcome and service was excellent as was the room (which we had been upgraded from on arrival, even though we paid what seemed to be an extremely reasonable price through the hotel's website!). the location of the hotel was superb, within walking distance from Euston Station (approx 10mins) and two stops on the underground to Oxford Circus. Everything was in easy reach. We did not sample the breakfast so could not comment on this section of the stay but overall had everything you could have needed, ideally located and excellent service. Would definately recommend and use this hotel again for my next stay in the big smoke.	
Jul 1 2008 	Good Hotel shame about breakfast	Stayed at the Grange Whitehall for 3 nights. Check in and out was very quick and staff were helpful. Very nice room, bathroom and very quiet too, apart from at breakfast I wouldn't have known there was anyone else in the hotel. Location is ideal for exploring London, Holborn and Russell Square tube stations are near by. My only negative comment is the continental breakfast offered. In my opinion fruit juices should be served chilled, but as they were just on a table in jugs they were warm and not very pleasant to drink! Also no alternatives offered to butter not even flora and only full fat milk which I hate! Having stayed in a few London hotels these is by far one of the best although not the cheapest. Generally I would say it's worth the money.	
Jun 30 2008	Loved It!	Just spent the weekend at The Grange Whitehall with a group of freinds and thoroughly enjoyed it. The location is perfect for shops, theatres, and bars and restaraunts but not to close that it's noisy at night. The rooms were lovely and clean, as was the rest of the hotel. The staff were extremley helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The continental breakfast exceeded out expectations, the food was delicious and there was plenty of choice. We would recommend this hotel to anyone and will book again without hesitation on our next trip to London.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great place to stay	The location is great, it is next to the British Museum and very close (5-10 min walk) from Oxford Street and the tube Holborn and Russel stations.My accommodation was great, very spacious, clean and well decorated. The bed was very comfortable and the sheets were very clean. Continental breakfast was good, not much option of coffee, but they offered several varieties of fresh juices. The room was extremely quiet compared to other hotels in London. I would recommend it for people who wants to have a nice and relax weekend in LondonThe staff was friendly, but I wouldn't consider them much of a help. They take more importance on telephones then the guests in the hotel. The hotel advertise internet in all rooms, except mine, although they had the network cable, they didn't have the right plug in wall, so no internet for me.Apart from the problems, I would return to them at any time.	
May 20 2008 	Dreadful - everything I hate about corporate chains	At £188 a night for a very ordinary room ( in an admittedly quite convenient area, just behind the British Museum), this was precisely the kind of completely impersonal chain hotel room that leaves a bad taste in the mouth. After paying the £188 upfront, I was asked to pay another £20 by credit card &quot; to cover any room services&quot; that Imight use. When I said I never use them, I was told that in that case, I wouldn't be able even to receive incoming telephone calls. as you've paid for tehroom up front, why is this irritating ploy used? Aren't we trusted to pay for anything we consume - if we are stupid enough to use anything in the overpriced minbar? The room was a reasonable size, but very tired - torn wallpaper, the bedside table propped up on a wooden block - and a couple of &quot; Marie Claire&quot; magazines - do theythink only women stay in their hotel, and of not, why not something for the men to read? The view over the back garden was pretty horrible, the trouser press was in the back of the cupboard so once you hung up your clothes you had to remove them again to use it, and a small cupboard contained a kettle, a couple of cups and a packet of biscuits, but no tea bags, coffee or milk. Interestingly, there was nothing which you could spend anything on in the room - no minibar, movies or anything else, so goodness knows what the £20 was supposed to cover. I had tried to book the Holborn Grange, which I suspect is better, but was shunted off to this place a few streets away, for the same cost. I can't help but suspect that this was a deliberate policy to get a higher price for a very substandard operation.There are cheaper hotels in London which are just as uninspiring as this one, and there are a lot better hotels for the same money. Search them out rather than stay in this depressing place.	
Apr 11 2008 	Complete disappointment a waste of time and money	The Grange White Hall Hotel is both a waste of time and money.We booked this hotel and without any explanation they moved us next door to Blooms, which is even a worse place than Grange. When we asked why they could not accommodate us in Grange, they invented poor reasons.Anyway, we stayed at both, the Grange White Hall Hotel and Blooms. We would not stay in either again, even for free. They are both a complete disappointment.The beds are very old and extremely unconfortable. The rooms are ugly and the floor makes a terrible noise with every your step or worse with every step of the person occupying the room above you. You can clearly hear everything: banging doors, people talking or making love in the next room. There is no double glazing. The windows are old and do not shut properly, and if windy, it makes some additional noise...The TV is the smallest possible (12 Inches?) and has only 3 or 4 channels tuned (not even properly tuned).There were dead insects in the room that had not been cleaned, actually I don't think the rooms get much of a cleaning anyway.No more business with them and we do not recommend to anybody! Four stars? Never!	
Mar 10 2008 	A nice change!	Having recently stayed at the sister hotel (Grange Holborn) which was somewhat mediocre and very expensive, I wasnt relishing my two night stay here. However.. I was pleasantly surprised on arrival to find a beautiful Georgian three story building in a lovely street adjacent to the British museum. A far cry from the many purpose built hotels that I normally frequent. Just as in the Holborn, there was a debate on arrival about my room rate but this was swiftly resolved and I was allocated a double room overlooking the street on the second floor. Nicely decorated and a reasonable size, it retained much of the charactor of the building. My only gripes were the small portable TV with few chanels (in a hotel of this class?) and the fact I got an electric shock every time i called the snazzy gold and glass lift (should have used the stairs)I had room service on the first night (OK) and used the bar on the second night (expensive but its London). Didnt have breakfast. All in all, great location and characterful accomodation. I would return.	
Feb 6 2008 	just the job	i have stayed here on several occations through work and have always been pleased with the hotel / service / food/ room.i would suggest you call ahead to request a room to the rear of the hotel and on one of the upper floors.room service always good makes a work trip almost a pleasure. location is right on it, you can get anywhere from here with little fuss.i would def book for a personal trip were i looking to stay in london overnight.the bed may be on the small side but hey, you don't sleep in a four poster every day!	
Jan 14 2008 	Rooms too small.	Stayed for two nights. Location is good for theatres and relatively quiet if you get a room facing the garden. It took us a while to check in, because there were two other couples, arguing with the girl at the front desk about the size of their rooms. When we eventually got to ours, we found out why - they are very small and it is difficult to walk round to the other side of the bed without banging your knees on furniture.If you don't want to queue for breakfast, get down before 9am. After that, you could we waiting up to 20 minutes for a table..	
Jan 4 2008 	perfect location	perfect location near the british museum, you can walk easily everywhere, especially st pancras train station (10/15 min), covent garden (5/10 min), soho (10/15 min) etc...small room, but pretty nice if you like british style.good breakfast, nice staffvery good price on the Internet website of the hotel (average of the stay 150 euros which is very correct price in London for a 4stars hotel so well located)	
Jan 3 2008 	Lovely hotel if you want little sleep (room 004)	Loved the hotel. Staff were very nice. Breakfast was great. The Bathroom was excellent - huge and everything was clean. Sadly our room was below the dining room. There was noise from above until 2 am. That was not a problem because we were late back. However to be awoken at 6.30 am as the staff walked back and forth prparing breakfast made me grumpy. I do not like paying so much for four and a half hours sleep! Anyway a good hotel and lovely staff - shame the hotel was built so long ago and that meant it was creaky creaky creaky creaky	
Dec 3 2007 	Not the best!	We stayed in room 211 for 2 nightsIt was 240 pounds for 2 nights including continental breakfastThe hotel is very old fashioned but this is not necessarily a bad thing. The room overlooked Montague Street which we found to be extremely noisy and we were woken up each morning at about 6 by the sounds of deliveries being made and the clatter of glass bottles. Even though there is double glazing, its still very noisyThe bed was comfortable enough except that we only got one very flat pillow each with no spares provided.Very little storage space in the wardrobe so not great for 2 ladies with lots of clothes!The bathroom had a strange sewage smell every now and then.We were a bit disappointed with the breakfast, or lack of it on the morning we were leaving. We went down for breakfast and were told that there was another 4 rooms waiting ahead of us. The dining room is quite small for a hotel of that size. We ended up with no breakfast as we had to get the tube back to Heathrow. For what we paid, it was a bit disappointing as friends of ours stayed in better hotels in the area for lessOne good thing about the hotel is the location	
Nov 20 2007 	Dissappointed! Not 4*!!	This is not a 4* hotel, we paid £121 inc VAT and continental B'Fast. We booked on the day that we were booking on thier website, for an Executive Double Room, on Friday 16 NOv 07We checked in, only for the 2 receptions whilest serving us, were serving people who arrived after us, answering phones, directing porters to carry other peoples bags, (not ours though)We we're given room G1, this room was massive, with nothing in it. Except a tiny 14&quot; TV, battered wardrobe and desk, Small Bathroom too! But the bed was not even a double, it was the worst bed i have ever tried, honestly it was like it has been there for 50 years, it was awfull and too small, so we complained. So we moved to room 210, this was 'an executive double room'. Clearly was a standard double! It was just about big enough for the bed, and the desk. With a better bed, no bigger than before, but more comfy. There were 3 pillowes in the room. No iron, a small TV. And same size/standard bathroom as the other room.We complained again, but we had to be at the theatre at 7pm and it was 6.45 at this time, so we stayed in this room.MY fiancee had a terrible nights sleep.We were highly dissapointed, and will continue staying at the Grange City, or Holborn, but i would rather drive 200 miles back to Chester than spend another night at the WhitehallThe location is excellent, but thats it!We have stayed with Grange Hotels before and they were both amazing value and top drawer. Grange City - one of the best hotels i've ever stayed in! Grange Holborn - Equally as good as Grange CIty.I stayed here with my fiancee as we were going to see We Will Rock you (Dominion theatre 5mins) British Museum (1min).	
Oct 20 2007 	Lovely hotel	The Grange is a lovely hotel and our room overlooking the garden to the rear was delightful in a very old style way. So if you like a modern funky hotel it would be best to choose elsewhere. We ate at the restaurant on our first night and were pleasantly surprised by the good quality of the food. Unfortunately breakfast wasn't includedin the tariff and was very expensive so we gave it a miss. There are many cafes close by. The location was very convenient for the BritishMuseum and in general we found getting around London very easy from this hotel.	
Sep 12 2007	No complaints	I have stayed at Grange hotels in the past and always enjoyed my stay so I booked a last minute deal for the sunday night.Staff were friendly and helpful, room was clean and comfortable and only 10 minutes walk from Leicester Square. I ordered a couple of sandwiches from room service which arrived promptly, was tastly and relatively inexpensive.The place is not fancy or swish but it gets the important things right	
Aug 26 2007 	OK really	The hotel does nothing badly but nothing really well. It is straight down the middle.The location is reasonable near 3 tube stations in a quiet location but still central.The rooms are small but clean and functional.The staff are friendly.I paid £87 per night which was good value.Breakfast was included on our last day. Other days there was a charge of £15 which is expensive. I suggest eating in the Cafe in the park for £5.There is no air conditioning and the rooms can get hot in August.The hotel ask you to pay for your stay on arrival which is unusual and they do not take payment by switch which may be a problem to some people.Overall cheap, clean but not really 4 star.	
Aug 5 2007 	Decent	The place was clean and decent. It actually had some pretty nice style, but both rooms were cramped. We were in a lower ground floor room with a window out to a storeroom where staff was often busy. Basically we were in a basement, with a window that looked up towards the ground. We returned there for a night at the end of our stay and asked for a room on a higher floor. They put us on the 2nd floor (which is the second above the ground floor, so basically what we call the third floor in the U.S.) This room was much nicer if only because we could open our drapes and not feel like the staff were staring at us when they were taking out the garbage. The location is pretty good. It's not the most lovely neighborhood, but it's right off a great tube stop, around the corner from the British Museum, and a short walk from the cool theater district and Covent Garden. Russel Square itself is a nice place for a picnic, rife with Londoners.	
Jul 2 2007 	Good hotel	Six of us stayed for a long weekend. Hotel is in a great position to central London. The hotel was very clean and tidy and the food was nice. Staff were friendly and helpful. We would definately stay there again.	
Jun 11 2007	Loved it	Wonderful.. If you choose ask for ground floor room w/ doors to patio. We had G1, perfect. Rate was 69 (pounds), and location was perfect for British Museum..next door, Bloomsbury and theaters, bus and tube. Most of west end in easy walking distance and i hate walking. Large and lovely room, staff were very helpful. Parking was a bit of a bother, but we were there overnight and left before parking charges were enforced.	
Apr 16 2007 	Overall A Great Hotel	We Stayed for one night in the hotel, as a family of three. Brilliant room, large spacious and on the ground floor. This turned out to have a great advantage, as the french doors opened up to the gardens and tables which we could freely use. Other hotels we have visited, provided a pop up bed that took up most of the room. Where as white hall provided a sturdy bed but still left a large amount of space left. Bathroom was clean, and everything was to a great standard. Including up to date magazines such as marie claire. Also, a large amount of tea/coffee was provided with a kettle and three cups and saucers.Only complaint about the room was that the fridge was locked shut, which made the fridge pointless. Especially as we had eyedrops that needed to be stored in a fridge. Staff at the reception seemed pleasant enough, all were foreign which proved to be a disadvantage, as we tried to book a taxi for our night visit to see the sound of music. Trying to explain where the london palladium seemed to be a disaster. they had no knowledge, and asked where it was, and ended up telling us how to walk there. Consequently, we gave up and decided to just hail a taxi down. After this experience, we discovered it really is not necessary to book a cab, as this hotel really is in a prime position. Breakfast was excellent, we went to breakfast around 8.30 and it was completely empty, therefore we had great service, and the waitress there provided some excellent information (better than reception). We were not sure if we had booked a cooked breakfast, but we still ate one which was fair enough. Other food services there that we used was the sandwiches at night time which were fantastic. Slightly fancy, but tasty all the same!For parking we used an underground car park which was underneath the park. This was a useful facility, as we could also pay the congestion charge at a bay there. And it was a secure car park with a security guard and locked gates. Overall, an excellent hotel. Great position, with fantastic rooms and we would definately come back.	
Mar 24 2007 	Very Good London Hotel	We were on a Theatre Break and after trawling internet for a good hotel, decided on the White Hall. When we arrived I straight away asked for a back room as I hate traffic noise. After a little diliberation the Supervisor changed our room (we had booked Executive as write ups seem to favour these). Lovely glass elevator took us to the 3rd Floor. We had room 301 at far end of corridor. There appeared to be new carpet and decoration in the hall way. Our room was very well decorated and the bathroom was spotless. New tiles and NO horrible black mould round bath.We had twin beds which were very comfortable. Plenty of Tea Coffee etc only complaint no biscuits.We overlooked the garden and the British Museum and the only noise was a hum from the Museum air conditioning which wasnt too bad.Breakfast was very tasty with beautiful fresh rolls, cheese, hams and coissants/danishes. Plenty of tea. Only downfall is if you leave it until 9.00am you may have to wait as the dining room is very small for a hotel of this size.The staff we found all to be very friendly and polite.Our suitcase was kept locked away on the Sunday morning once we had vacated our room and we collected it later on that day with no problem.Monday morning I realised I had left my phone charger in the room, so I rang and they had it recorded and offered to post it directly to me ( charge to be taken from my Credit Card). It arrived safely Tuesday morning, so I was impressed and relived.Overall this hotel is definately one we would return to in London as on previous experiences this was by far the best we have stayed at in London and I AM Fussy. Try it for yourselves.	
Jan 22 2007 	Average at best stay would not stay here again.	We booked this hotel so that we were close to the theatre district as we were going to a show. Unfortuanely we arrived later than expected, and the check in was very slow as our booking was not on the system! We then checked into an 'executive double' which was tiny where the bed was no more than a 3/4 bed. We asked to be moved and were moved to a room only slightly bigger where the bed was again small. We then asked the hotel for directions to the theatre and the receptionist was not sure so we booked a taxi. Please be wary as they used a private hire firm where the minimum fare is £12 ! This was horrendous for a journey that took about 2 minutes ! After the theatre we took the tube back to Russell Square which is about 5 mins walk to hotel and saved the taxi money!! When we stayed in the room in was boiling hot and as it was on the front of the hotel the room was quite noisy as teh windows are not double glazed. Even though the road is a quiet road there seemed to be a lot of traffic, I would suggest if staying here ask for a room not on the front! Overall very disappointing, we had breakfast in the room which was satisfactory but not worth the quotes £16 per person.	
Nov 22 2006 	loved it fantastic hotel	i stayed at this hotel on tuesday 21st november 2006 i booked it through theatre break weekends as we were going to see dirty dancing at the aldwych theatre, it was a birthday present for my partner i arrived at the hotel we were dealt with very quickly they explained as it was only half 11 in the morning that we couldn't check in until 2.30pm but that was fine as we were going out to eat but said we could leave our suitcases at the hotel. after dinner we came back to the hotel and can only say i was very satisfied with my room which included breakfast the room was big with plenty of space although the bathroom was quite small but fine for what we needed i would definetly recoment this hotel to people and i would come back to this hotel again in the future	
Oct 23 2006 	Really Great Hotel	Just returned from three nights at The Grange White Hall Hotel. Would definitely stay again. The staff are all friendly and helpful. The bedroom and en-suite were very clean. Bedroom was cleaned up and tea, coffee and milk was replenished every day - the bed was very comfy. The en-suite had fresh towels, soap, shampoo and bath gel every day together with cotton balls and tissues. The continental breakfast was OK but I woudnt pay extra for it (ours was included in the price). The hotel is in a nice area and on a quieter road. It is also in a good position being within walking distance of Euston Station and Russell Square Underground. It is also within easy walking distance of lots of restaurants and shops.	
Jun 18 2006	Great Location decent Hotel	The Good:- Great sized room (on 3rd floor) - although initially was offered a basement room which was dark - in the midday sun!- Modern, clean &amp; nice bathroom.- Excellent value for London (ave. £78 room/night incl breakfast)- Nice continental breakfast included in weekend bookings. (Caution otherwise charged at £15p/h ) - Close to two tube stations, walking distance to Covent Garden / Theatre district / Oxford Street.- Nice Garden to sit in.- Friendly staff- ** Recommended - best budget hotel I have stayed in, during my many visits to London **The Not so good (no show stoppers!)-No a/c (very hot the weekend we were there - although a fan was provided)- Initial room was very disappointing - but ended up with a very nice one.- For cooked breakfast the surcharge was £6 - a bit much really - athough continental spread was tasty and more than adequete.	
Jun 3 2006	Pleasant and Quiet watch the prices	My father and I stayed in a twin room on the 3rd floor in May 2006 for 3 nights. Whitehall is located on a quiet street that borders the British Museum. It is also near the lively Soho district. Like most locations in London, it is near 2 Tube stations.Our room was good size for a standard twin room. Our room was on a corner, so we had 2 windows with a cross wind. In the summer, this would be a necessity. Unfortunately, one of the beds was below the window, so the floor length curtains could not be closed. The bathroom was nice size and modern. There was a mini-bar that was locked. The room also included a small TV with remote, desk, coffee maker and trouser press. There were not individual lights for each bed. So if 1 person wanted to read and the other sleep, 1 person would lose out. The room and bathroom was very clean. I never heard the room next to us or anyone in the hallway. There is also a full size elevator.The staff was usually nice, but not very informed. After we had just arrived, we asked the front desk about a pub or other place to eat &quot;traditional&quot; British food (fish and chips, sausage and mash, etc.) she replied &quot;British food tastes bad. Why would you want to eat it?&quot; I have been to London before and had good food. She then said to talk to their concierge. He did not know of anywhere to eat aside from their restaurant or 1 tavern across from the British Musuem. But he wasn't even sure if the tavern served food. He told us where to walk to look for restaurants, but that was all fast food (by Tottenham Tube station). On our last day, we found out on our own that the other direction on Southhampton Row are more restaurant choices. Our reservation included breakfast each morning. The 1st morning we ate a nice English style breakfast. The breakfast room staff thought we were to be billed. The person at the front desk checked and comfirmed that it was included, but acted as if we had done something wrong. All other contact with the staff was fine. I would stay there again, if the price was reasonable. Our weeknight rate was twice as much as the weekend. The bill averaged to a decent rate for 3 nights. I saw posted rates as high as $300 a night for the same room. I would not pay over about $150. The English breakfast was $26 person. If it was not included, I would not consider buying it for that price. Also note that the English breakfast is offered on the weekdays and a continental breakfast on the weekends. Both types of breakfast were good and offered nice choices, but not worth the price.	
Feb 26 2006	Comfortable stay. Great location.	Choosing Hotel accommodation in London is a veritable minefield, and endless hours trawling the internet and reading reviews can sometimes only add to the dilemma given the huge differences in hotels which carry the same star ratings. Having stayed in several London hotels and usually looking for a reasonably priced, central location (not always an easy combination to find), I decided to stay in the Grange White Hall. Website pictures can often mislead but in this case everything was pretty much as described. This establishment is in an excellent location being only a five minute walk from Tot Ct Rd. and all the necessary transport links. The British Museum overlooks the Hotel's garden. While the decor is a little tired compared to other four star hotels in the area, and the exposed lift shaft looks raw and out of place, I could not fault this hotel. From the moment of arrival at the small Reception / Bar, the staff were excellent, allocating rooms to the rear so we could avoid any possible traffic noise. Windows are double glazed to minimise this. (Find me a hotel at full capacity that does not have SOME level of noise!) Rooms, bathrooms, and general areas were very clean with every facility in place to make the stay a pleasant one. The continental breakfast was ideal even if there was some delay due to limited capacity in the small dining room. Staff did their best to accommodate guests quickly. Luggage storage is available as check-out is 11 A.M.At £69 Bed and Continental Breakfast per double / twin room on weekend nights, and a late drink at hand when every bar in London is closed, (Did none of the City Centre bars take the 24 hour option in order to give non-clubbing holiday guests an extra beer or two??), this is good value in a great location. However, for a little extra expenditure the Radisson 4 Stars up the road have a definite edge and this would be a factor for future visits to London. For the price paid this was a very enjoyable stay at the Grange White Hall.	
Dec 26 2005	Lovely Hotel	Stayed here with 3 friends from uni. fantastic location, really friendly staff and very nice rooms. We only paid £60 a room per night and we booked it from the airport. Would definately recommend.	
Dec 5 2005	Hints to make this a great place to stay	I only read the reviews AFTER i'd already booked a room at this hotel so was a little apprehensive when i got there. From the outside, it looked fine with the added bonus that on-street parking was free after 6.30 and all day sunday. Reception was OK - quick and efficient. The first room - number 010 - was lower groundfloor double at the front. Small, dark, traffic noise - not ok. They changed it without fuss to twin room 203 which was excellent - roomy, light, overlooking the back - excellent. 24 bar and concierge lived up to the promise at 03.45am and breakfast was standard continental fair - included in the price cos it was a sunday morning.Best bit - the room was booked thhrough Laterooms and only cost £80 including breakfast - and i think that was a bargain. The moral is to book through laterooms and ask for a standard room towards the back - like 203 !	
Nov 12 2005	Could be lot better	Good location and pleasant front of house staff. Rooms tired and decor uninspired. Decent bathrooms and comfortable beds. Continental breakfast O.K. Evening meal unimaginative and not cheap. (Much better at the hotel across the road.)Would only stay again as a last resort on a cheap deal.	
Aug 2 2005	Location but lacked quality	Surfed for days to find something close to a tube stop (very close to Russel Street station) unfortunately station was bombed (not their fault). The room was small but had the old world feel I was looking for however, the floor sloped 6 inches from north to south and east to west (which made you sleep in the bed upside down), it was very hot, even with the window wide open all night long (no cross ventilation or a/c) and worst of all after being out all day long sight seeing the shower only had hot water (mentioned first night to receiption but no repair was made). If you plan on staying in the winter it's not a bad hotel but in the summer it's unbearable. I agree with the other reviews that the hotel is very noisy but that comes with being in the center of London (understandable). It was rated as a 4 star hotel (not even close) breakfast was not included for $200 USD a night. The hotel personnel were very courteous but that does not make up for the lack of service or the sloping floor (they should atleast raise the beds to accomodate the sloping floor). I have traveled enough in Europe to know what to expect and tolerate but this one was a little over the top. Like my title says &quot;Location but lacked quality&quot;	
Apr 18 2005 	Good location shame about the rest!		
Apr 17 2005 	The worst deal in all of London		
Jan 16 2005	Dreadful		
Aug 31 2004	Never Again !		
Apr 21 2004	Good hotel and location very small rooms 		
Apr 9 2004	What a great location and nice boutique hotel!		
Mar 9 2004	Wonderful place to stay		
Jan 13 2004	Good service and clean		
Jul 23 2003	great botique luxury hotel		
May 17 2003	Will never return except in emergency situation.		
Sep 9 2009 	non mi ha entusiasmato		
Jul 28 2009 	Così Così		
May 12 2009 	Pas un 4 étoiles		
Jul 20 2008 	great great location...a un prezzo ragionevole		
