Apr 15 2009 	Never Again	Room dingy, stain on bed sheet. The springs had gone on both twin beds and should have been replaced a least a year ago. Breakfast of poor quality, I also got into an argument with the carvery staff over the pathetic beef and turkey leftovers which they refused to replace. I've stayed in a few innkeepers over the last few years and have liked and recommended them. However the Borehamwood one we stayed in last year was poor and this was even worse. So my business will be going to the professionals next time rather than the ametuerish operation which Innkeepers seem to have become.	
Aug 7 2008 	Disappointing experience	We stayed at the Innkeepers Lodge back in April May 2007, selected due to close proximity to family. We found it reasonable then and well maintained. The second time we stayed in December 2007/January2008, we noticed that in the few months since our first visit, the place had gone downhill and there was an uncaring attitude of staff. The auto closing and locking security door to the rooms was not working – a couple of weeks later one of the bar staff attempted to fix the door at the front of the building but when I opened this a few minutes later a large bar of metal fell down and narrowly missed hitting me in the head. Obviously some cost saving attempted by not employing someone qualified to do the job.Breakfasts are included in room charge – many days we didn’t bother going to breakfast as the standard had fallen. There were two particularly bad mornings with no tea bags, no bread, no jams, cheese etc, no juice, no plates and out of date yoghurt which was not kept chilled. The bowls, cutlery and plates (if there are any there) are ALWAYS dirty. There always appear to be staff around but no one is ever doing very much. The breakfast staff are also housekeeping staff and don’t appear to have had training in either. Check in: It can take ages to get served as you have to wait at the bar to check in. A few times we have arrived at this hotel at 8pm at night to find that the requested pullout bed was not made up. I have had to go to the pub to request toilet paper, bedding, towels and pillows at 9pm at night and then had to make my daughter’s bed. The duvets and pillows are of very poor quality. The beds are cheap and lumpy with springs poking out, the pillows are flat (and they only give you one each). I always request extra pillows, but sometimes there just aren’t any, so I’ve had to fold up hand towels and put them inside the pillowcase. Many times I’ve been given the key to the housekeeping rooms to help myself to my own pillows, towels, bedding because the bar staff are busy and I don’t want to wait till they can come down to the rooms to get what I've requested. In a room with 2 adults and 2 children we were seldom given four bath towels. After one housekeeping session we had one bath towel and 6 hand towels for 4 people. There are huge numbers of fire doors in this place and they slam loudly whenever anyone enters or leaves their room, as do the rooms to the doors – I was woken many times every night. Bedside lights were broken, handwash containers broken off walls (these had not been re-attached to the walls since our previous stay in April), TV remote control not working, mould in shower cubicle (easily remedied by application of mould remover). The bathroom would benefit from a heated towel rail as the room was cold and the towels stayed wet even though they were small and thin. There's not much room for four wet bath towels. There is an electric wall heater on the wall so you couldn’t dry anything on the radiator.Walls are very thin – I could hear the person next door turning their light switch off and on and flushing the toilet. Xmas eve we had a child next door screaming all night and someone above us who was thumping around on the floor all night - sounded like they were moving furniture - another sleepless night in this place. Rooms are very small, not recommended for more than two people, or perhaps a family with one small child. This hotel appears to be a haunt for travelling workmen who leave early in the morning with lots of door slamming. Pub is OK but the glasses are grubby. Now that smoking is not allowed inside the pub, there are cigarette butts all over the ground outside and in the planters. The beer garden is always full of dirty plates, food scraps, litter and empty glasses.I recommend this hotel for anyone who sleeps without a pillow and is deaf or a very sound sleeper. A miserable stay in a shabby noisy hotel.	
Jan 29 2008 	Tourists In London... STAY HERE	We decided to stay over in London to celebrate my partner's birthday. After trawling through hundreds of hotel websites who wanted £150 per night, we came across the Innkeepers lodge who offer sunday night free if you stay friday and saturday, at £75 per night we booked it straight away. Continental breakfast was also included in the price, which you don't find at many other places.Upon arriving at 4pm to check in we found the cutest little building snuggled into a quiet corner of Snaresbrook just off a busy road. Check in took less than a minute and the staff were more than happy to help with anything. The hotel building is extremely secure. You need an electric key to get into 2 main doors and then another to enter your room. Staying in London I feel security is of the utmost importance.The room itself was a gem. Tidied to tee and the most spacious one we've ever stayed in. It was perfectly heated, with plenty of storage space. They'd also provided a bottle of champagne on ice and some helium balloons, which i'd previously rung up about. Although that extra tough did cost an extra £40 it was well worth it.The facilities are also excellent with a Tv offering 10 channels including 3 sky sports, sky news and sky 1. The bathroom was immaculate and the room was cleaned every day unless we left a note on our door.The location couldn't be any better. Literally 1 minute walk from a busy underground and 3 bus stops close by. Also just across the road is Snaresbrook crown court and a wonderful lake, which makes for great pictures. Next to the underground station is a small arcade of shops, most of which are closed at the weekend, or closed full stop but if the Toby Cavery doesn't take your fancy there's a lovely chinese restaurant.The pub was lovely, if you wanted just a few drinks or some pub food it was really quiet and a nice environment. The Carvery was always packed, but what else do you expect with the quality of food at such great prices.Breakfast also took place in the pub which was so relaxed in the morning, we were often the only ones in there and got the best seat in the house. You could chose from bagels, toast, pastries, cereals, yoghurts, fruit, juice, tea, coffee, hot chocolate... and the best bit is you could have as much as you like!Overall our stay was highly enjoyable. The only bad bit was the view (a close up of a brick wall) but who goes to London to just look out the hotel window!!!???!!!	
Dec 3 2006 	perfect for london visit	i have stayed here 3 times now and will stay again on future visits to the capital. The pub has a good carvery and there is an excellent italian restaurant just round the corner. The room is always spotless and we havent encountered any problems on any of our stays. sometimes you can hear a little noise but take earplugs and you will be ok. This lodge is excellent value for money for 2 adults and 2 children including breakfast.	
Nov 10 2006 	Better than expected	Unexpectedly had to spend anight in Snaresbrook and this was the only hotel that any would could suggest. I hadn't heard of the chain before and was a bit concerned. It is attached to the local pub. The lodge itself has no recption and you have to book in at the bar which unfortunately was extremly smoky and not a good start. The lodge itself is secure with magnetically controlled doors, but the corridor is painted in a vile pink/purple which doesn't create a very good first impression. The room itself was fine, clean with a comfortable bed and a reasonable sized bathroom with a good shower. The breakfast was a basic buffet with cereal/toast/croissants etc which was perfectly acceptable. particularly in view of the cost.There aren't any frills but if you need a budget hotel it's fine.	
Oct 30 2006 	Need to brush up on the basics	Stayed at this lodge style hotel with my daughter for a short London visit. In terms of location it is well placed for London - 25 mins from central London on the Central Line and with some local places to eat. If they could get the basics right it would be a good base for visitng London.It terms of issues we had:The room wasn't set up as a twin but as a double when we arrived and we had to go asking for linen, etc and set up the sofa bed. We also had one bath towel between two and had to ask for extra towels.Thet didn't replace the tea and milk each day - had to go chasing this up.The room could have been cleaner. There was a sock clearly visible under the radiator - which had the room been cleaned reasonably well would have been noticed and removed. Even when we pointed it out it was not removed!The bathroom was superficially clean but again could have been cleaner with a little appilication - especially the shower.The &quot;continental&quot; breakfast is fairly basic - cereal and toast/ tea/coffee/ juice, etc. However, this is served in the pub next door. On the first day the area hadn't been cleaned and so we ate amongst fag ends and crisps. The next two days they were cleaning up whilst we were trying to have our breakfast. Not terribly hygenic or restful.Staff tried to be helpful but were trying to run the lodge and look after the pub - which is not easy.As I have said if they could get the basics right, make sure the rooms are properly cleaned and set up correctly so you don't have to go cahsing for things, and not try and clean up whist people are having breakfast, then this is probably a reasonable base for reasonably cheap accommodatipon to visit London.	
