	some issues	Booked a secret hotel with last minute and was due to be staying in the NH down the road however this deal was so secret that I did get to stay there and was booked in here. It didn't help that they don't know where their own hotel is on the map so took ages to find. However they did pay for a taxi.Location ok but a bit of a walk to the tube. Rooms nice enough but my advice would be to the hotel:Sort out your reception check in/ check out..its awfulif you advertise the bar is open till late , then make sure it is, we came back from seeing a film in London wanting a sandwich and glass of wine only to be sent to our room and told we could only have bottles of beer. I refused and said i wanted wine .. after a bit of a debate some horrible sandwiches came 90 minutes later.. I had gone to bed by this point.Room nice enough but overall would never stay here again or with the NH group as had similar issues years ago in Spain.Disappointing.	
Nov 16 2009 	NH Earls Court	I'd stayed at a handful of NH brand hotels in Europe (Schipol, Amsterdam and Budapest) and loved the modern decor and general vibe that they offered, so was quite excited that there was one available in West London. I'd lived in West London previously so was happy to stay out of the city in that area. Tourists not familiar to London may wish to stay closer to the main sights although the tube station (Earls Court) is just across the road making it very easy to get around - Piccadilly line to Heathrow for example. Also Kensington High St is about 15 mins walk away for shopping or Earls Court Rd for cheaper food options. The garden courtyard is very pretty but you would break the bank even getting tipsy there.Rooms were modern and clean, quiet and comfortable. The disappointing aspect was that 'penny-pinching' appeared to be the prevalent theme throughout the hotel unfortunately - one ply bog paper etc and the internet access in the lobby should be wearing a mask such was the exorbitant cost (50p per minute). Stay clear away of the bar as well if you have a weak heart (or are Scottish). Petty things I know but they all add up and give one the feeling of being fleeced - after you have spent a couple hundred quid for the room, the indignity of having to request more teabags because you have used the one allocated, starts to rile.The very young staff were friendly enough but didn't seem to be proficient at problem solving - check-in takes an eon. We had booked two rooms nearly 5 months in advance but they were allocated on two different levels (4 floors apart) - this could not be rectified. Once again not a huge problem but a more accomplished establishment would be able to smooth these things over with a click of their mouse.Overall, we had a pleasant stay which is the main thing but I would think twice about staying here again, bearing in mind the price was not especially good value for money.In the two categories of London hotels - Cheap or Clean - NH Kensington fits in the Clean category which sometimes is all you really need.	
Nov 15 2009 	Gets the important stuff right	Excellent hotel, modern comfortable room, great bathroom and shower, quiet, friendly front desk, well deserving its 4 star rating.While it got the important stuff right, it didn't do so well with the small stuff. While true hoteliers may have designed and furnished the room, it seemed that the bean-counters were in charge of the amenities. Carefully counted minimal tea bags, milkers, etc. on the coffee/tea tray. One fancy bar of soap the size of an After Eight mint that didn't get replaced even after being reduced to a sliver after 3 days.Perhaps others would have different priorities, but if the hotel can't provide both a tv and radio, I would rather have a clock radio by the bed than the fancy flat screen tv nailed to the wall.And what's with reducing the closet by half by storing extra pillows, ironing board, iron, hair dryer in the closet?	
Nov 10 2009 	Unfair treatment	We arrived at this hotel on Friday afternoon about 4 o'clock only to be told they had overbooked and there was no room for us. As we had booked on-line a month previously we were not too pleased. We were told we were being sent to another hotel of the same grade and a taxi would pick us up. By the time the taxi arrived this had changed again and we were sent to a third hotel. This was further out, in Hammersmith instead of Kensington and although perfectly adequate was much bigger than we would have chosen. As I had spent ages on the internet chosing a hotel that we liked the look of and in a convenient position to fit in with our plans for the weekend it is really unfair that we should be treated like this.. It is the second time it has happened and I don't know how to prevent it happening again. Is it because we book online?	
Nov 3 2009	Clean modern comfortable great location	I stayed at NH Kensington for one night. The check in was hassle free, and I was very satisfied with the room. It was very clean, with a modern design and had all the amenities we required, including tea/coffee making facilities, minibar, hairdryer, iron. Minor problems included that our minibar was locked, and we also had trouble figuring out how to unplug the sink (there is a lever which is not very obvious), but they sent staff to assist us without problems. The location of the hotel was great, just a short walk away from Earl's Court tube station. There is also a bus stop literally on the hotel's doorstep. Taking the public bus is a great way to get around as you can get great views of London which can't happen on the Tube. There are many shops and restaurants in the nearby area and you can pretty much get anything essential you need within a short walk. I would recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to London.	
Nov 2 2009 	Pleasantly surprised with this	I bid on a 4 star hotel in Kensington, ended up with this in Earls Court and were more than pleased.The hotel is fairly new and very comfortable and quiet. Lots of shops and restaurants in Earls Court for what we needed and the tube station is quite convenient to go to and from Heathrow. The buses on Cromwell Road stop right in front of the hotel and take you right down to Harrods and beyond. It really didnt take that long, even though some people worry Earls Court is a bit of a distance from the action.I'd stay here again in a minute.	
Oct 17 2009 	Good hotel.	My girlfriend and myself stayed here for 2 nights Thursday 15th-Saturday17th Oct 09. Location great for central London, 5 mins walk from Earls Court Tube, 15mins walk from Natural History museum.Booked through LastMinute and although upon arrival they didn't have us in the computer, eventually they found us (20mins later). I agree with another review about giving your details on check in, even credit card details even though paid in full. When I said I didn't have a credit card they wanted £40 cash to cover the mini bar (even though I had no intention of having anything)Anyway, thats the only moan because overall it was a great hotel. Oh, 1 more moan before I forget, they are very tight with the shampoo's. Got 1 on the first day which I used the first night, and never got a refil....poor me......If you get chance, and for the right price (£160 2 people, 2 nights)...book it.Thanks.Paul	
Oct 9 2009 	Amazing bargain great hotel	I extened a trip for a business meeting by two days to see Londown with grilfriend and went through Pricelinw in search of a good deal.I didn´t expect much (or only the less desireable rooms) at appr. 160 USD for 2 nights for a double, but was pleasently surprised. No idea what happened to London hotel prices, but this hotel was a steal and of amazing quality.Room was out the back (probably a good idea to ask for that when you check in, four lane traffic in front could ruin your sleep), big enough to actually move around in with two people, spacious bath, one small armchair.Walk from Tube station is 5 to 10 minutes with bakery, take-aways, pubs and two supermarkets on the way.	
Oct 8 2009 	Price was right	Paid $99/night with priceline. Close to Metro in a lively neighborhood. Hotel and room was small but clean. New and modern. Value was great. Even though it wasn't walking distance from major sights, the metro was only 1 or 2 stops away from major sights. The neighborhood seemed safe and there were restaurants, laundry and grocery stores near by.Would stay there again for this price.	
Oct 8 2009 	Sleek modern hip and nice!	Wasn't expecting much from the rates but it ended up being a really nice place. Super clean looking upon arrival and the staff was really nice. We did a week stay checking in on a Saturday. To accomodate us they had to put us in a two floor suite for one night and then move us to a regular room the rest of the time. We left the night we checked in and weren't sure what day we'd return but they accommodated us by locking our luggage up in a storage area. We were travelling with bicycles and never had a problem bringing them through the lobby up into our rooms. The room was pretty spacy and everything was cleaned daily. It had a nice big flatscreen in the room with lots of random channels but keep the kids away from the German channel at night. We were in and out at all hours of the night going to clubs, concerts and riding our bikes but we never had a problem with the hotel or the neighborhood. There is a big courtyard in the back that is nice to have a lunch in but they close it after a certain time. There's a bar and a restaurant in the hotel but we didn't go to either. There is a computer in the lobby for the internet but it's quite expensive so go to one of the internet places south on Earl's Court that charge 50 pence for a half hour or something like that. They're both on the way to Earl's Court Station which is a short walk away. Lots of things on Earl's Court like restaurants, pubs and markets. There are two bigger markets on Cromwell Road very close as well. Sainsbury's to the East and a big Tesco to the West. The Piccadilly line is great for getting into central london. That weekend there was construction on the Piccadilly Line but with the help of workers we made our way to the hotel easily. After a while you just figure things out. tfl.gov.uk will have info on closures and things. I felt very safe in the area at all times and I highly recommend this place as a base for a trip in London.	
Oct 4 2009 	A good choice marred only by check in	The hotel is well positioned for Earl's Court tube and west London. I booked through LastMinute.com and got a reasonable price on a room at very short notice, as one of their Top Secret hotels. For the money, the hotel was great - the room was large, well furnished and comfortable.However, the visit was marred to some extent by check in. I was presented with a large form to fill in, as a UK resident I didn't have to give my passport, but the receptionist still insisted I fill in sections such as date of birth. Why this information is needed, I have no idea, but I refused since I don't normally give this information out when checking into a hotel. Whether it was my contrariness, or the fact that we arrived quite late on in the day (after 8pm) but we ended up with a room in the basement (floor -1) when I'd specified on the Last Minute request form that we have a high room, if possible. The room smelt strongly of damp (like a leak had gone unfixed for some time - though we saw no signs of it). The wallpaper immediately on the inside of the room was stained and marked by biro too, and this combined with the smell made for a bad first impression. Once inside the room, no other damage was evident and everything worked, although there was limited WiFi signal in a basement, as you'd expect. The room was very quiet, and this leads me to suspect nobody else was staying down there, and we did indeed end up in the bowels of the hotel as &quot;punishment&quot;.On the whole I was glad this was a one night stay. I'll probably not return but wouldn't say it was an entirely bad experience, just not a brilliant one either. I'd recommend this hotel, but warn in advance about pre-authorisation of your credit card (even if you've paid in advance) and the need to be diplomatic about the form of doom at check in.	
Sep 11 2009 	Best value	We (group of 4) didn't expect what Iwe got. It was much more. Nothing grant but very plesant: location, room style and size. Service was also ok, even though there was some lack of experience, the trainee was cheerful and helpful. For the breakfast try the Muffin man near High Street Kensington.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good value quiet location - away from tourist traps	As a regular user of NH hotels I was pleased to find one in Kensington, out of the way of the main tourist areas. THe hotel has been remodeled to the NH theme to some extent, but some of the minimalism of their European hotels has been replaced with 'flowery' decor. The room I had was spacious and clean. The bathroom had been updated. The soaps were missing, but were put into the room after a visit to the reception. Restaurant is pleasant as are the waiting staff. The food I had was of 'Gastro Pub' quality which matched its price. There are plenty of local restaurants to use instead. (Try the Hereford - out of the hotel, right and right again for a good pub)The price was very good for a London hotel of this level. Transport is good - Gloucester Rd tube station is less than five minutes walk away.I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 30 2009 	NH Kensington	We stayed in the NH Kensington last summer, it was a lovely hotel and scrupulously clean throughout. The bathroom was absolutely spotless and had a fantastic selection of toiletries and other essentials.The breakfasts were fantastic but £17 is very expensive. On the plus side, it's a self service buffet style set up, so just make sure you get your moneys worth out of it!Outside beyond the bar was a lovely patio area to sit outside.The only downside was the staff at reception. I wouldn't go as far as to say that they were unfriendly, but they were quite cold.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great hotel...don't let the location distract you.	The NH Kensington is an excellent hotel with all of the amenities plus a great backyard garden (and resident greeter/watch cat) right on Cromwell Road. I got a great room with king bed overlooking the garden on a 'name-your-price' website for US$98 a night...unheard of in London! If you're concerned that it's not in the center of it all, don't be! First of all, Earl's Court is a great neighborhood and a quiet change from the mayhem of Soho. Secondly, the tube is a four-minute walk away (cut through the little mews street opposite Cromwell Hospital, which will take you right in front of the tube entrance). And if you're out late and don't want to spend on a taxi, the night bus (N74) stops right in front of the hotel...and you can get it a Piccadilly, Trafalgar or Marble Arch. All in all, a very nice hotel with great amenities and a very, very friendly staff!	
Jul 11 2009 	Clean Rooms Friendly Staff Decent Location	Got this hotel off of priceline for 90 pounds per night which was definitely a good value for London. The hotel was only a few blocks from the Earl's Court tube stop and buses that go straight into the heart of the city. The rooms were small but comfortable. The staff was warm and helpful in all of our requests.	
Jul 3 2009 	Superb! A bit far from the city but a great home base	We paid $78 a night for this hotel through a particular blind bidding website. The service was great and the room included a number of thoughtful touches. For a hotel conversion from an older building the room was spacious and very modern. Breakfast is free for some guests but I think for those on low rates we are excluded. I left my mobile in the room and they e-mailed me to let me know they had it.It will take you 35 minutes to get into the city from the hotel (15 minute walk and 20 minute tube ride) but this is a fantastic place to settle in and stay for a while. There is a 24 hour Tesco within two blocks, a laundromat, a post office, and several inexpensive restaurants and pubs. The only negatives I would say are that the wireless was quite expensive. I will make a point to look for NH hotels when in Europe in the future.	
Jul 2 2009 	A great location to see London.	We found the room to be a good size for a European hotel and very convenient to the Earl's Court Tube. The room was clean and very quiet. The shower was amazing - hot and 5 shower heads, perfect after a long day of seeing the sites of London. Our only complaint was that we didn't find the staff particularly friendly or well informed.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great value London hotel	We stayed at the NH Kensington for 2 nights - Friday and Saturday leaving on the Sunday. We booked in and had a great room on the 6th floor (608) but when we returned from our night out we fidn water dripping through the ceiling in the bathroom. Phoned Reception and they immediately switched us to a suite without any hesitation. We found all teh staff to be very friendly and helpful - looking up details on the web of tourist attractions and places to go. Excellent breakfast included in the rate. You don't need to check-out until 12:00 and Sunday breakfast also goes on until 12:00. It is well located on the Cromwell road - about 10 minute walk from Earls Court. We used the public transport a lot so we bought an Oyster card before arriving which allows unlimited use of tube and bus for around £5 day. Will definitely use this hotel again when we return to London.	
Jun 24 2009 	Stylish hotel but I had a hard time finding it.	I booked this hotel with Venere.com at a promotion rate of 187pounds(prepaid) for 2 nights. It wasn't exactly very cheap but the room and decor showed the value. I was misled by the directions given on Venere which placed this property near to Gloucester Station. Take into account my bad orientation to be fair, i managed to locate this hotel after 3 tries! If it is not prepaid, i will probably just cancel and find one cheaper B&amp;B...This hotel is located within 5-10mins walk to Earl's Court Station actually. the room i stayed in is 419, two single beds in a standrad room. Big and stylish with toiletries in the roomy bathroom. There was a huge stain on the wall near one of the beds, other than that, the room is spotless. Breakfast is not included for the 2 nights stay, which is kind of disappointing as the hotels i stayed in Europe all provided breakfasts, even for a 2 star property. Staff is polite and helpful. The whole place has a designer touch to it and maybe that's why it costs more to stay in.	
Jun 15 2009 	Modern International Hotel	We enjoyed a nice stay at this hotel on our recent European trip. This hotel was the first stop for a 2 week tour of Europe. We had a very clean room that faced the street. There was basically ZERO street noise even though the street is very busy.The bathroom was spectacular and was probably the best we had in Europe. In fact the mirror had a treatment that made zero fog after a shower! My wife loved the bath tub.The room was small by USA standards, but some of you people need to realize that the rooms are never USA sized in Europe!!! Another plus is all the restaurant choices near the hotel. We paid a low rate through a bargain website and we were treated as if we were any other regular customers. The only improvement I'd like to see is free internet, but that may be too large of an expense for European hotels.	
Jun 10 2009 	Just OK	As others have stated, it's a good base location. However, the rooms are very small, and the hotel staff is indifferent. They barely spoke at check-in, and never even looked up as we walked through the lobby during our stay. I emailed several weeks in advance to ask a question about whether or not it was possible to get to the airport via the Earl's Court tube. I never got a reply. Tried two more times, and finally got an email. Their response was that they didn't think I could (haven't others done this before us??), and they would be happy to call a taxi for my trip to the airport. I believe part of their attitude had to do with the fact that we reserved through Priceline at a very reasonable rate. (We have come across this before at other hotels as well.) However, I think that if they're going to utilize the Priceline resource to sell their rooms, they shouldn't treat those guests as &quot;second-class&quot; citizens. Overall, it was a good hotel for the price we paid, but I wouldn't rate it a 4-star, I wouldn't pay much more for the rooms, and I wouldn't consider them &quot;friendly.&quot;	
Jun 7 2009 	Stylish hotel in good location but give room service 	Stayed 1st week of June for 1 night Arrived late at 22.00 reception could not find our reservation and wanted to charge my credit card £590 for 2 rooms. They struggled to understand what I was saying as their english appeared limited. The room was clean and excellent with a flat sceen TV but only 2 milk cartons left out to make tea with.The person bringing up the room service said there was no chips as they had problems in the kitchen . I later found out the poor chap served at the bar ,took room service orders, prepared them and brought them up to the room.The breakfast at £17.00 was the worst I have ever encountered at a top rated hotel, the beans were congealed, bacon (only in name only ) the sausauge inedible I could go on but you can follow the theme.. So its a lovely hotel but do not eat there.	
Jun 5 2009 	They were overbooked and couldn't accomoddate me because my rate was too low	I made my paid-in-full reservation 2 months in advance, but when I arrived at 11am I was told that they are overbooked and cannot accommodate me. As I was waiting to speak to a manager several travelers arrived and were accomodated. The reason they decided not to accomodate me was because I made my reservation through priceline, and paid less than many other people.They made a reservation for me at another hotel for one night, and told me to come back next day (my original reservation was for 2 nights). I told manager that my travel plans do not permit me to move from one hotel to another and ask her to extend the reservation at the other hotel for 2 nights. She replied that the other hotel is sold out for the next day.When I arrived to the other hotel, I found out that they had availability. I paid for the second night and had a good stay, but the total price was more than double the original price I paid.	
May 26 2009 	Great Base for London Sightseeing	We booked hotel for 1 week on another site for an unbelievable low rate. This had us a bit worried as to what to expect. Upon arrival, we were told no rooms were available for the first night, due to some computer problem. They were apologetic and called a taxi and we ended up spending the first night at a very upscale 5 star Millennium Hotel in a Suite, with a full English breakfast included, at no additional cost! Nice treatment, for a bit of inconvenience! NH Hotel was just fine for our needs. Our room ( kingsize bed) and bathroom were modern and kept very clean. Room was small, but also comfortable, but I wouldn't call it romantic, if that's what you're looking for. We had a front room (5th floor) and it's very noisy when the windows are open. However, there's almost no noise when the windows are closed. There's a lovely garden in the back, but we always got back very late from our daily sightseeing outings, to make use of it.Hotel breakfast was too expensive (around 17 Pounds). Room provides a Kettle and tea and coffee, as well as a small fridge. We had a continental breakfast each morning in our room-there's a Sainsbury's nearby where you can buy food, snacks, water, etc. There's also a bakery directly across from Earl's court, for croissants, etc. There are Pubs and lots of restaurants in the area.Was very easy to take the Picadilly Line from Heathrow to Earl's Court. There's an elevator at the Station, so you don't have to worry about managing stairs with luggage. Hotel is located approx. 2 to 3 blocks from Earl's Court and we managed the walk, along with 2 large pieces of luggage, and 2 carry-ons.It's very easy to travel on the Tube from Earl's court for sightseeing. You can be in half an hour or less at many of the London sights. We had a great stay for our first trip to London and weather was also cooperative.	
Apr 21 2009 	Everything Expected	Room was nice and clean..could use a little cleaning around the elevators though.We walked into the room and liked it a lot. Even had a small amenity package with a couple small toiletries. All in all it was a nice stay and the hotel was a solid 4 star.	
Apr 15 2009 	Disappointing but adequate	After booking this as a top secret hotel and getting excited about staying in a 4 star hotel in Kensington, we were sorely disappointed with our stay at the NH Hotel.Not being a chain we had stayed with before, we didn't quite know what to expect and our double room consisted of two twin beds being pushed together - an absolute pet hate of ours.This led to our romantic break being not so romantic due to an uncomfortable ridge in the middle. Our room was compact but not overly small but my main gripe was the quality of the sleeping accommodation.The bathroom was fine but not overly impressed at all. And £17 for a hotel breakfast...no thank you!	
Apr 13 2009 	Very good experience	We have only nice things to say about this hotel... Good room, good beds, breakfast was included - a bit boring compared to other NH hotels (Lucerne or Luxembourg) and the coffee was poor. We got coffee on the way to Earl's court station (two minutes away) where there's starbucks or an Illy specialist (Lebanese restaurant)... At night there are many great food options two minutes away from the hotel and there a Cinema nearby... Rooms in the back are more quiet. This was a great base for us to stay in London. We enjoyed it much more than the Hilton Docklands in which we've stayed last year.	
Apr 7 2009 	Good enough	The hotel is quite good, recently refurbished in an excellent position ifyou don't want to stay in the city centre or your budget doesn't allows you to do it.Good and quiet rooms despite they are in one of the main streets of the area.The service is not so good as far as I request a king size bed and they gave me a room with two single beds together. I order a sandwich and after 20 minutes they call me to say that they had no more cheese so after some changes in my order i had to wait another 25 minutes...The worst thing when I asked one of the receptionists for an indication to go to one of my business appointments. After a long time looking for it on the internet she told me to go to the north of the city. I didn't trust her really because I realize that the ZIP code was for the south but she insist and she told me many times to trust her and go to the north. The result was that the day after I went to the north and when I got lost and I asked a policeman he said that the adress I was looking for was in the south of the city!!I arrived 1 hour late and I almost loose the business...Maybe was just bad luck but.... an small tip to the receptionist: don't speak if you're not sure.	
Mar 19 2009 	Clean comfortable good location quiet	We were pleasantly surprised with our 4 night stay at the NH. Very easy direct underground ride from Heathrow. Friendly neighborhood (Wagamama, Burger King, Starbucks, and local ) restaurants. Giant supermarket just 3 blocks away. 15 minute free internet on their lobby computer. Many business people. The hotel room size is not large but adequate; double paned windows keep the Glochester Road noise out , We did have a problem with a stopped up drain; everything else was clean and worked. Not too many tv channels. Got the booking on Priceline you-bid.	
Dec 23 2008 	Bedlinen Bad Service No Better	Although the hotel itself is well presented the experience we had here was unfortunate. We are now trying to get some form of recompense, and the customer service we have received has been very poor so far.We stayed for 2 nights and on the first night I came out in a reactive skin rash in all areas that had been in contact with the bedding. Upon complaint I was told that the bedding was &quot;dry-cleaned&quot; which seems rather bizarre, and despite detailing how bad the rash was, was not offered another room, or even a change of bed linen. Also, our air conditioning was broken and despite reporting it, it was not fixed, or adjusted nor did they check back to see if it had improved. Thus the temperature of the room was furnace like all night, both nights, and we had to sleep with all of the windows open, this in December! Add to this the fact that I slept in my jeans the 2nd night to avoid contact with the sheets, and you can imagine our &quot;romantic&quot; weekend away did not go as planned!I would not stay here again. We went for 4 star so that we would be &quot;guaranteed&quot; a good room and service Just really poor service here, the staff don't seem to know what they are talking about. Some of them couldn't speak good english, prob because they seem to have a lot of international clientele, we saw loads of pilots/air crew staff checking in and out. You could go there, and if you had no problems it would be fine, but if you do have problems, don't expect them to do anything about it. We recommend the Millenium Gloucester where we had a lovely experience and excellent service!	
Dec 12 2008 	'Secret' Hotel with room for improvement	What neither Lastminute.com nor the hotel's websites tell you is that reception is accessed via several maybe 8 -10 steep steps and there did not appear to be an alternative access point. If you have several items of luggage, or anything big or heavy and you are struggling. The alternative is to leave it on the pavement whilst you go up to reception - and who is going to do that outside this hotel, located close to a busy intersection and only a brisk 7 minute walk to Earls Court tube station? The location of the NH Kensington is very good for taxis, buses and the Tube and is close to the Cromwell Hospital, and yet is peaceful and quiet. Booked as a LastMinute 'Secret 4* Hotel' at £105 room only per night for an Executive room, it was reasonable priced. At the rack rate starting price of £130, it does not offer value for money.There was no door staff or porter in evidence or offered. The reception staff were personable, smiled and acknowledged you when passing through reception.The bedroom was adequately furnished with a fully adjustable office chair, armchair and two seater sofa, coffee table with two huge copies of luxury magazines, a very comfortable king sized bed, flat screen TV on the wall above the desk with a range od channels though no radio or movie options. A good WiFi internet connection with 24hr rates staring at £6.50. Also a modem connection - untried. There was a pillow menu - untried - as the pillows were perfect for me.The room was air conditioned and the bedroom window opened! The lighting however, was disappointing; the table lamp on the desk was attractive but more for decoration than close work - not ideal in an executive room. The downlighters positioned high up on each side of the bed were also not good for reading in bed. The hairdryer was fixed in the wardrobe but as the wardrobe doors were mirrored so it was possible to use the hairdryer and see what you were doing! There was an easy to operate safe but it was not large enough to take a 15&quot; laptop. A good ironing board and iron also stored in the wardrobe. There was a mini bar which appeared to be stocked with non alcoholic drinks and loads of chocolate. The tea and coffee tray, also found in the fitted wardrobe unit, had a good kettle and two portions of long life milk, brown and white sugar, tea, coffee and decaffeinated coffee, two mugs and two spoons. The best find in the wardrobe was plenty of really good quality coat hangers. The bathroom had a huge washbasin and standard bath with a power shower to the side of the tap end. This could be hand-held or in an adjustable position on the bracket. There was only a tiny soap, shampoo and shower gel - no shoe shine or shower cap or sewing kit. The bath towels were tiny - perhaps the smallest I've had to use for years - although a very good quality. The toilet paper was one-ply and poor quality. The extractor did not work however and, for reasons I will not bore you with, I did not request a repair but did leave a note in the room.During my stay their was a sign on the lift doors with an apology stating that only the room service menu was available. This was reasonably priced but untested. I tend to drink tea and only two teabags were provided on the drinks tray and I was disappointed that these were not replenish the first morning although they were the on the second. I'm sure I could have asked for more but didn't bother. The cleaning of the room was scant - bins emptied, bed made, mug cleaned and replaced. The first clean did not even include a tap polish! The second was more thorough, but still did not include the carpet. I have to ask if the NH Kensington is it really a 4*? It appears that it is self assessed and has some way to go to really make the grade in my opinion. It is a new hotel made from refurbished Victorian terraces and looks lovely but I am not planning to go back.	
Dec 6 2008 	Fantastic base for seeing London! Very Fancy!	Me and my partner (aged 26 and 22) booked this hotel for a weekend break in London... We wanted to see the sights, and we we're also watching Lee Evans at Wembley Arena! I'd spent forever checking out hotels from one website to the next... gettng quotes left, right and center! I'm quite fussy with hotels (I worked as a travel agent for a while!) so I can be quite difficult to please... Eventually I settled for the NH Kensington. The price seemed fair... £115 per night for a duplex suite. We stayed for only two nights and I wish it was longer! (This price didn't include breakfast, which was an astonishing £17 per person! Quite steep for breakfast in my opinion!)We arrived at the hotel three hours before check-in time, and the receptionist took all our details and told us that our room was already ready and gave us our keys! Happy days! We were expecting to be turned away and told to come back later. We were quite impressed on arrival. It looks very plush and stylish!The room was lovely and clean, very tastefully decorated, nice and modern! Don't get me wrong, it was compact (but this is London after all). With it being a duplex you had your bedroom and bathroom on the lower level, and on the second floor you had a nice living space, workspace, seperate WC, additional wardobe space, and mini bar! Both floors had a wall mounted plasma TV with freeview! There was also an internet connection available but I recall it was quite pricey... we just used our mobile broadband! You could also take advantage of room service... which we didn't, but I did eye up the price list and it seemed fair enough to me (not cheap, but fair, for London anyway) This hotel also offers you a choice of pillows! So if you prefer a firmer or softer pillow, you can request one! The lounge &amp; bar at the hotel are nice. Although we didn't really use it! We came in from watching Lee Evans at about 1 o'clock in the morning and the nice bar man made us each a coffee and didn't charge us! Which we thought was nice! Very nice coffee too might I add!Location wise, the hotel is located on a busy main road, with a nice private garden to the rear. Our room was at the front facing onto the road. Now at first I thought this may be a problem for me as at home I live on a cul de sac in the middle of a field! QUIET! However, the traffic noise wasn't too bad at all, I slept soundly! As for getting out and about; we found it ideal. The hotel is based in Earl's Court, which is on the District Line; from here you have easy access to all the other lines in London. The hotel is about a 5 minute walk to the tube station... which is nothing! The hotel is also just a couple of minutes walk from all the restaurants, bars, and pubs. Great if you don't fancy messing about on the tube for a night. Earl's Court isn't for shopping though, just eating and drinking and doing your laundry! However, like I said it's only 10 minutes on the tube and you'll find yourself in Piccadilly! There's also a Tesco about 10-15 minutes walk down the road which came in handy! Oh and for fast food fans... there's a KFC and a Mc Donalds 5 minutes from the hotel. (We found that the Mc Donalds breakfast was a tasty alternative to the hotels expensive buffet breakfast. Ha ha)If you're thinking about taking your car into London I really wouldn't bother. The tube is so easy, quick and cheap... cars just seem like pointless articles!Oh and also, on checking out of the hotel... If you don't fancy lugging your heavy bags around London on your last day, the hotel will store your luggage for you at no extra cost!On the whole, this was a great hotel. Very good value for money. I like to feel spoilt when I go away... even if it is just for a couple of nights... and I certainly felt spoilt here! Will definately return and I've already recommended this place to friends and family!	
Aug 27 2008 	Good times	I took my son to the UK for his 13th birthday and the second half of our trip we stayed at the NH Kensington. It was booked through a friend and I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. We had a room on the backside which overlooked a beautiful garden, and was quiet. Cromwell Road is very busy so I can only imagine the street noise on that side. The room was small but in London most rooms are but it did not feel cramped and was clean and modern. The beds were comfortable so after walking several miles each day they were nice to climb into and fall asleep. The hotel is a short walk from Earl's Court tube station and there are many places to eat. (Don't miss Wagamama!) There's also a Sainsbury (on Earl's Court Road) so you can buy snacks and drinks.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great location nice hotel	We stayed in this hotel on a family holiday to London. We had a room with 2 double beds and had 2 young children with us. In addition, my parents stayed in another room. We found the hotel to be quite beautiful, in an excellent location and the rooms very quiet despite being located on a busy street. The front desk was very limited in helping with restaurants, advice, etc. but were friendly enough. For the cost, you would think that the internet would be free or and the breakfast not $35 per person.	
Aug 25 2008 	Excellent modern hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel for business and compared to the other hotels in London I found this excellent. The staff were extremely helpful, the rooms tastefully decorated and despite the busy location my room was extremely quiet. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 21 2008 	Pleasant Last Minute Find	Got bumped from a neighboring hotel that had overbooked (K+K George) to the NH Kensington during a very busy time in London so felt fortunate to have the room. While not as slick as the K+K George, it was comfortable enough and clean. Despite being on a very busy street (Cromwell Road) the rooms that face the back are surprisingly quiet. Nothing memorable here but perfectly adequate for a two night stay in London.	
Jul 13 2008	No Suprises!	I thought this hotel was suberb! I booked a superior double here when I was going to a concert at the royal albert hall and thought I'd splash out on a hotel as I have never stayed in a 4* before! I read reviews and looked at pictures beforehand and the hotel was just like I'd read and exactly like the pictures, which is good because some hotels look nothing like the glamourised pictures they advertise with. As part of a young couple, staying in London for the first time I didnt know what to expect but was delighted......The thing that stands out the most is the friendly staff. they greeted us walking to our room, saying hello, and was very keen to help us with booking taxis etc. A waiter/barman in the hotel was ever so friendly and we had a conversation with him for more than 10 minutes! I was impressed!!The room was nice, spacious, clean, etc! there was a nice book telling us about facilities etc, the bathroom was big and shower was nice! There was a nice big mirror and television was cool! Bed was big, seating area was nice etcetcetc! The hotel had a sauna but we didnt use it. One complaint would be with the Pillowzzz service as the website boasts about this facility were you can choose your fave pillow to sleep with. i requested 2 types of pillows, one for me and one for my boyfriend and they only brought us one and i have no idea which one it was. There were pillows already on the bed but i just think because they highlight this facility i thought it would be better and you would know which pillow you had. Only a little complaint but i was looking forward to this haha!. . . i am no expert on hotels or whatever but if you are looking to go for a short break in a good location in an attractive building with helpful staff and nice rooms i would recommend the NH Kensington. Be warned it is not a walk away from the Albert Hall like i had read though and we had to take a taxi!!!!!!The Huntingdons restaurant is ok but we ate there because we were in a rush! We didnt pay out for the £17 a head breakfast either so dont know what that is like...I couldnt tel you whether its worth the money as i havnt stayed in a hotel in this price range before!But it is really nice :) :) :) :) See photos.!	
Jun 27 2008 	Too expensive	The travel agency that my company uses could not get me into my usual hotel in London earlier this week. Apparantly Wimbledon being on had something to do with no hotel rooms in London! SO I found myself checking into the NH Kensington with a nice Spanish girl doing all the admin things. The room was nicely furnished and clean. The bathroom was excellent especially the shower! A nice selection of accessories were provided which is a nice touch. In general I cannot fault the hotel apart from the prices. I went out to dinner, wish I had gone further afield as the restaurants along the road from the hotel are all tourist traps selling below average quality of food and above average prices. So I came back to the hotel and wishing a nightcap spotted a nice 10 year old Glenmorangie whisky on the shelf behind the bar. Asking the price I nearly had a heart attack - £11 for 50ml. I told the barman he had to be joking and then he noticed his mistake, it was in fact only £9 for a nip of whisky. I almost wept - a full bottle costs about £25 in the shops. I decided not to part with my hard earned cash after all. Breakfast was a non-event. If I want to do self service I can do that at home but to pay £17 for the privelege of scraping bacon apart, finding non-congealed beans, and making my own coffee and toast is a scandal. I mentioned this to the receptionist when I checked out but what did she care? She made all the right noises but powerless to do anything about it. My advice? Don't pay for breakfast, go to a coffee shop and have someone serve you!	
Jun 26 2008 	Stay here!!	In short - MODERN ROOMS,  SPOTLESSLY CLEAN,  12 NOON CHECK OUT, WOULD STAY AGAIN. Professional hairdryer, flatscreen tv, seating area, heated mirror, mood light above bath, comfy bed, mini bar, 24 hour room service, choice of pillows, power shower + good complimentary toiletries.In full -Booked this on lastminute.com for one night whilst in London to see Les Miserables. £105 for a double room, room only, which is reasonable for a hotel of this standard compared with others in london.The hotel is slightly out of the main centre of london, a short walk along the road from earl's court underground station - however, this station is still in zone one (at the very edge) and the hotel is easy to find from the station. There is a somerfield, sainsburys, mcdonalds, nandos etc on the way along. The underground is a quick and easy way to get around london, although a single ticket is expensive at £4 - would recommend buying day ticket at £6.10 (or cheaper with a national railcard).On arrival we were asked to pay a £40 deposit (not required if credit card details are given), which was returned in full the following day - expected to pay some sort of deposit anyway as with most chain hotels.Was very pleased with our room (305), not a speck of dust in sight. Bathroom had nice touches such as a blue mood light above the bath, toiletries (inc toothbrush - luckily, as my bf forgot his!!), great shower, and - as mentioned in a previous review, the mirror is heated to prevent it steaming up.We didn't use the minibar for fear of being charged a fortune!! But this was well stocked with pringles, m&amp;ms, water, wine, smoothies, soft drinks. Nor did we have breakfast in the hotel - rather expensive at £17pp. Instead, took full advantage of 12 noon check out time.A very pleasant stay.TIP - we flew to stansted airport with ryanair. this is about 40 miles outside of london, and the cheapest way to get to the city centre is on the terravision bus to victoria station - around £14 return. to get to the hotel, simply take the underground from victoria to earl's court.	
Jun 25 2008 	Nice hotel very clean excellent location.	Modern, very clean and quiet hotel.Friendly staff.Nice, modernized and comfortable room (large for London).Great breakfast. 5 minutes walk from Earls Court tube.Lots of cafes and restaurants nearby	
Jun 12 2008 	Great value for Buisness	This is a great hotel for business in London. It’s reasonably priced, modern clean and the air con works! Compared to some of the more traditional and larger chain hotels in London it’s hard to beat at the price. 20 Minutes on the tube to Canary Wharf and Earl Court station on the district line is just down the road. Excellent, we have made this our standard hotel when staying in London!	
May 20 2008 	Good value clean and well located.	I have stayed at other NH hotels and have found them to be well-run and good value. The NH Kensington is no exception. 5 minutes walk from Earls Court tube - even with a large suitcase. Lots of cafes and restaurants nearby.At check-in I was given the option of upgrading to an Executive room for GBP25. I was told it was a larger room at the rear of the hotel overlooking the garden/courtyard and included 15 minutes internet access. Since I was only staying one night I didn't bother.I was pleased with the room I got: larger than I expected, well designed and a good bathroom. Despite being on very busy Cromwell Road it was very quiet.Next morning I asked for a late check-out (2pm instead of 12pm). I was told this would be no problem.At check-out I realised that I had been charged GBP20 for this privilege. When I objected (I had not been told there would be a fee for late check-out) the charge was wiped.	
Feb 27 2008 	Really liked it	Good location, short walk to Earl's Court tube station and also near to bus station with routes to baker street and to victoria. Lots of restaurants nearby , which we recommend italian food zizzi's. 15 minutes walk to kensington Palace &amp; Royal Albert Hall. Friendly staff, modernized and confortable room. Great breakfast!Strongly recommended.	
Feb 22 2008 	Good hotel	If you have a fair at Earls Court, than this is a nice hotel. Good service and nice clean rooms. 5 minute walk from Earls Court tube station. Breakfast was ok, as well as roomservice.	
Feb 8 2008 	NH can it stand for Not Helpful ?	Second visit.My complaint about bedroom door excess slamming by staff has not changed or been resolved by management.I joined the hotel group points scheme. But despite asking twice was denied points after a desk mix up last visit so not happy.Breakfast is way too expensive if you do not have it included in room rate.If you do its so bad you should forget about it.A big shame good looking dining room.Desk staff girls mostly Spanish,approach with caution.Good free newspaper rack.	
Jan 17 2008 	Overall a pleasant hotel	My husband and I stayed at the NH Kensington on holiday on our first trip to London from Houston, USA. GOOD POINTS:- Close proximity to the Earl's Court area and Tube stop- Nice modern furnishings in the common areas and room- Very clean and quiet - Nice touches such as free toiletries, an in-room coffeemaker and a hairdryer. - Cold breakfast items were very nice NOT SO GOOD POINTS - Bed was entirely too large (two twins put together) for the size of the room. There was nearly no place to walk and often we had to climb over things to maneuver around. There was also no comfortable place to sit! - Breakfast: fortunately it came free with our travel package. I don't think I'd pay for it. It was decent if you got to the dining room very early, but the staff left the hot food under the heat lamps to burn up and dry out and never replaced it with fresh items for the guests that came down for a later meal (by later I mean 10am or so). I had one rock-hard potato wedge too many. But the cold items were very good. - Maid didn't clean room enough (left dirty glasses for days) At about $200 USD per night, I thought that was too expensive. But still a nice hotel and would recommend it.	
Jan 15 2008 	Good Hotel for Business Users	I was staying at the NH Kensington for 5 nights from 6th Jan. I had booked it through my company and was down for a training course in nearby Gunnersbury.The check in was straight-forward and relatively quick (no slower or faster than check-in at a holiday resort). Hotel is well kept, clean and freshj. It is close (300 meters) to Earl's Court tube station which has good links with the district and Piccadily lines.The rooms were very nice and the bed (as far as hotel beds go) was comfortable. One point I would like to make is regarding the internet access. A lot of the time I like or need to have access to the internet for work purposes or just keeping in contact with my girl and finding a hotel with free high-speed links is difficult, the NH is no different. It has room access but is £15 for 24 hours which seems to be the norm but a price I found quite steep, but I am an eejit and paid it anyway for 2 nights.The room has all the usuals you would expect, good cupboard and hanging space, iron, iron board, hairdryer, safety deposit box and flat screen telly with the usual home and european channels.The only other downside to the hotel, were the breakfast, don't get me wrong, they were nice tasted lovely but at £16 they were a bit steep.Hope this review helps.Cheers	
Jan 3 2008	very bad service from the staff	we came to check in and were told the room would be 30 minutes, 2 hours later we were still waiting, while other guests had came and went to their rooms, and had also been treated to a cup of coffee while they waited and were personally welcomed by the &quot;manager&quot;. we then asked about our room and the receptionist had forgotten that we were waiting, this clouded our whole stay, alot of the staff were really friendly but there were a few that put us off ever going back, due to their rudeness and lack of english. definitely not a four star hotel!! rooms were impressive, maybe slightly small. staying in london we expected to the staff to at least speak english, half of the time they didnt have a clue what we were saying and were really rude in particular the curly haired girl in a suit who never seemed to do anything just walking around giving other more important guests special treatment, for this reason alone i'd never go back.	
Nov 6 2007	Great Value excellent location	This is a great property 3 minutes from the Earls Court tube.Service was exceptionally professional and freindly.Staff are proud of their hotel and it shows everywhere.This is a modern European hotel that is set with flat panel TVs and great beds.VERY GOOD VALUE!!	
Sep 12 2007	Modernized hotel	Nice rooms - large for London. Mine was on the 1st floor (one up from lobby level) facing the back. It was quiet, with a view of a nicely landscaped courtyard. Lots of TV channels from several countries.Service was uneven. I arrived at about 11 AM and was able to get in my room then. The room cleaning staff was good and efficient, but not useful for special requests - not sure many spoke English. Desk service was mostly friendly, but sometimes not very helpful - to me it appeared more training was needed. Strangest thing was at the bar (expensive!)- we ordered a couple beers and tried to pay with cash. It seemed like no one had ever paid cash there before. Charging to the room would have been easy, but it took lots and lots of extra effort to pay cash, which we wanted to do because we had extra pounds in cash. It probably would have been easier to just give them our room number, then pay part in cash when checking out, except that doing anything unusual seemed difficult here, so ???Also, the hotel does not look much like a hotel from the outside, so when first going there, make sure you know the street number, and pay attention. It is a 5+ minute walk from the Earl's Court tube and almost a 10 minute walk from the tube station to the east, closer to downtown (can't remember name). There is a large full service food store (with a Starbucks) about 3 blocks east, on the same street; and a smaller food store on the way to the Earl's Court tube. Lots of places to eat between the hotel and Earl's Court tube, all within a five minute walk.Overall, this was a nice hotel in a nice area.	
Aug 18 2007 	graet value	this a nice modern hotel, confortable in a good location. it's a excelent choice for his price.	
Jun 25 2007 	Comfortable and Relaxing	Have just returned after spending a night in London at the Kensington.The hotel is nice and modern and you can tell its only been open in the last year or so.The room was a good size with the usual tea and coffee facilities and a nice LCD tv on the wall. Good size bathroom and great shower.A lot of the staff did seem to be from overseas but they were all friendly and helpful.We were actually lucky enough to have had our hotel paid for as we were on a visit to the Dome, so breakfast was included. However if we werent we would have to pay £17 each for this. I'm told this is typical London prices but being a northerner seemed bit expensive to me.however the breakfast was really good buffett style, so all the usual bits of eggs and bacon etc. Also lots of pastries and fresh bread yogurt etc.Location of the hotel we found really good. Earls Court Road was a 2 minute walk up the road where earls court tube station is. So your only a cpl stops from the sites and Knightsbridge etc and for us we were only 30mins from the O2 Dome.All in all was impressed with the hotel and definately would recommend it as a good base whether for business or pleasure.	
May 18 2007 	great value comfortable hotel	Modern hotel carved out of Edwardian terrace near earls court and Gloucester Road. Handy for museums etc if you're here as tourist.Room is adequate but pretty up to minute with great bathroom, LCD TV and averagely comfortable bed.WIFI worked well, but at charge £12 I think.Fantastic breakfast for this price range, room service supplement of £2.50 was a bargain. I've stayed at Sheratons etc in London recently in London where £30-40 is normal.seeminglyStaff mostly E european, but that's London and if it means they can sell rooms at this price AND make money I'm all in favour!	
May 15 2007 	Handy for Earls Court 	The hotel is ideally positioned for visiting Earl's Court Exhibition Centre (about a ten minute walk), museums and also shopping in Kinghtsbridge. It is a modern, clean, efficient hotel and met all of our needs. The buffet breakfast was good with lots of choice. The hotel is a five minute walk from Earl's Court tube station and there is a bus stop right outside which will take you to the Natural History Museum, the V&amp;A and to Harrods.	
May 4 2007	Great location nice hotel!	After reading some of the (very) bad reviews, I was a little afraid of booking a room in this hotel. However, I have stayed in NH hotels in other countries before and I was never disappointed. So we took the bet and we were NOT disappointed at all. The location nearby the tube is great! We had a really nice room with a nice sitting area, a well-stocked and spotless bathroom and a flatscreen against the wall.Staff was very friendly. We did not have breakfast in the hotel but in one of the nearby coffee shops.I will definitely return to this hotel!	
Jan 22 2007 	no no and no		
Jan 4 2007 	Not as good as it should be		
Jan 3 2007 	Convenient location for Kensington 		
Nov 19 2006	Almost a complete disaster		
Nov 14 2006 	NH Kensington - central location and a good hotel		
Oct 12 2006	handy for Royal Albert Hall		
Oct 9 2006 	helpful staff poor hotel		
Oct 8 2006 	Nothing Special but OK hotel		
Sep 17 2006 	Look before you book - then make up your own mind		
Nov 22 2009 	Recomendable		
Nov 14 2009 	Hotel super confortable y silencioso		
Nov 9 2009 	Villancincos en Trafalgar Square!!!		
Oct 12 2009 	Bastante bueno		
Sep 29 2009 	Al llegar no teniamos habitacion....esto puede parecer un problema...no lo fue		
Sep 8 2009 	Perfecto		
Sep 6 2009 	Muy recomendable		
Sep 2 2009 	Ottima scelta!		
Aug 31 2009 	???????????????		
Aug 11 2009 	Trés bon Hotel		
Jul 30 2009 	Super Hotel toller Service saubere und komfortable Zimmer einfach Spitze!		
Jul 19 2009 	Una estancia muy buena		
Jun 25 2009 	Magnifique Hôtel  chambre superbe  très grande !		
Jun 25 2009 	Buena eleccion		
Apr 26 2009 	Fantastica estancia		
Mar 12 2009 	Bien pero se podría mejorar		
Feb 3 2009 	Una estancia muy buena		
Jan 31 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Dec 29 2008 	bello e confortevole		
Dec 20 2008 	Affascinante Londra		
Sep 10 2008 	bellissimo		
Aug 11 2008 	une bonne adresse		
Aug 3 2008 	Nos encantó		
Jul 29 2008 	Un gran hotel en Londres		
Jun 13 2008 	Increible estancia en el NH Kensigton		
May 27 2008 	Excelente elección		
May 22 2008 	Wunschlos glücklich!		
Mar 27 2008 	Fantastico		
Feb 10 2008 	Genial		
Dec 29 2007 	Nos encantó este hotel. Altamente recomendable		
Oct 27 2007 	Hotel nuevo y moderno		
Aug 22 2007 	Nos encantó el NH Kensington!		
Apr 6 2007 	Buen hotel a buen precio		
