Nov 19 2009 	Great value in London	We have stayed at this Citadines many times but were a bit hesitant reading the recent reviews. We would agree that the furnishings could definitely be replaced but all in all, we had a great stay. Our room (202) was very quiet, had a flat screen tv with freeview, which offered many different channels--definitely an upgrade from our last stay 2 years ago. The towels in the bathroom were fine (no stains) and the room was very clean.	
Nov 8 2009	Not happy.	I so wish I read the reviews before having booked at this place. It got my vacation off to a horrible start. Sofa and soft furnishings all had a grey dirt pall. Sofa was torn, had stuffing coming out of it, and stained. Bath towels were threadbare, and also stained. Very badly maintained, if at all. Was very disappointed, especially since Citadines is managed by Ascott International. I was not expecting luxury, but I think it is reasonable to expect the room to be clean.	
Jul 12 2009 	No longer good value	I have been staying here annually for the last 4 years. I took some of the negative reviews with a pinch of salt but have to admit things have slipped. In fairness, they say they are about to refurbish. This is a great area and this time I also stayed in a hotel nearby which was much better value for money. In hot weather with the lack of AC the building is really hot and this is something they need to address in their revamp. Some of the friendly staff are still around...	
Apr 21 2009 	Well located but Overpriced	I was recommended this Apart-hotel by a travel agent and I booked it through the internet. The hotel was ideally located for me as I have 2 small kids. The sub-station, supermarket and some of the sight seeing were all within walking distance and the area was good also.However the Apart-hotel was not worth the 200 GBP par day that we paid. The rooms were very small and the kitchennette was even smaller. There was hardly any place to move. The way they had projected their details on the net - well a lot was left to be desired. The service was just Ok. We asked them for dish washing soap and they just told us - u can get it from the supermarket. There was no cleaning. The furniture was quite tacky. And the bathrooms besides being miniscule very not very cleanOn the whole - not a very good experience - and very very expensive. We found out later on that there were many other similar hotels nearby and the price was half of what these guys charged us.	
Apr 8 2009 	Rubbish!	1.Staff are unhelpful2.Tea and coffee facilities were bad-take your own milk as all we were provided with was 2 small pots to 2 tea bags and 2 coffees! very strong tea and coffee.3.We booked a double and got a twin- no apology4.Towel was stained not a good impression when we first looked into the bathroom5.For some unknown reason another couples key card granted them acsess in our room (which they entered by accident!)6.Breakfast didnt start until 9am	
Apr 7 2009 	In urgent need of attention - do not go until it is refurbished	I have stayed in Citadines before but this was the first and will be the last time for this one in South Kensington.It was tired and in urgent need of redecoration - stains all over the ceiling, paint flaking off, grubby upholstery, nothing between the sheet which was too small and the stained mattress etc. The sofa was so grubby we pit a blanket over it before we sat on it.Immediately after checking in I asked for another room and was told that this was the best they had. Checked out a day early and complained again only to be told that the hotel was to be refurbished soon. As a regular traveller to London they should cut their price substantially until they have refurbished it - there is much much better in London for a lot lot less.	
Mar 16 2009 	mediocre	Very average. Surly unhelpful staff and very tired rooms and common parts. get what you pay for i suppose but it does need a real kick up the backside. On the plus point it was clean.	
Dec 17 2008 	Not good!	Terrible! We had to flip the mattress to be able to sleep on it because there was a spring sticking out of it and as we flipped it we saw the mattress was loaded with stains! And it was the worst mattress we had ever slept on. We would expect better from a $50 motel on the side of the Trans Canada Highway. When we first checked in we were so disappointed with the lack of quality but decided to try it out for a few nights (were booked in for 2 weeks). After laying in bed for one sleepless hour I called my travel agent and had them book a new hotel for the next night. We checked out first thing the next morning and even though we were charged for a second night due to last minute cancellation it was well worth the charge. We wanted out and FAST!This place is totally unacceptable for all but the most budget of travellers. The mattress was the worst part, but also the room was very dated and worn out. The kitchen was a joke - worn out pans, cracked burner, they don't even provide dish soap.I could go on and on...but I think you get the point. Yes the hotel has a great location with nice staff but take my recommendation and do not stay here!	
Aug 5 2008 	Ok	I booked this hotel apartment for five days as it was easier with my two year old than staying in a hotel. First the positives it is in a fantastic location and was very quiet, the staff were nice and helpful. Negatives it was pretty dated. The apartment was clean (ish) but neded some TLC. Crayon marks on the door, window had to be held open with a bottle, crib for my baby full of holes, bathroom cabinet moldy and cracked. When we arrived they had forgotten to give us towels, linen, kitchen cleaning or shower things. Overall a good location but dont be expecting the ritz!	
May 12 2008 	Excellent location very nice Large Studio on 5th Floor	My husband and I have lived in London for 6 years (near West Kensington/Earls Court) and as we now live abroad were keen to go back to London with our 2-year-old son, for a few days. We were looking for an Aparthotel, in case we needed to cook a quick meal for our 2-year-old son. Location for us was key as we wanted to be in the Earls Court/High Street Kensington or South Kensington area. This Citadines South Kensington Aparthotel is in a great location &amp; we were lucky with our modern Large studio (3-night stay). There were no 1-bedroom apartments available (these are duplexes with the double bed &amp; bathroom upstairs on a &quot;mezzanine&quot;) so we were given a Large Studio (503), slightly more expensive than the small studio, on the 5th Floor &amp; we asked to be on the quiet side of the hotel: little hallway with seperate toilet &amp; seperate bathroom, door leading into main room (with two very comfortable single beds in an L-shape) with a large window &amp; door leading into small well-equipped kitchen. They provided us with a Graco travelcot (free of charge) for our 2-year-old. Single beds are also available at a cost of 12 Stg pounds/night. Bathroom and small kitchen were very modern and single beds very comfortable. Two minor negatives, one of which the hotel could easily improve were: 1. Light-coloured curtains which let the light through at sunrise. Blackout curtains would be great, for those who like it dark! 2. Walls between studios/flats are not fully noise-proof. This only bothered us on one night (out of 3) when our neighbours came back at 3am and chatted animatedly, with the music turned on (I forgot to mention that the Large Studios have a small Hifi in the main living area, which I suppose all rooms have, as well as a TV). We didn't hear our neighbours on the other side at all...This Aparthotel is close to Goucester Road tube station which we used several times (Piccadilly Line Westbound to Heathrow or Eastbound to Green Park/Covent Garden, also District or Circle Line in both directions, Eastbound to Sloane Square for Kings Road which is great for outdoor Duke of York Square, with its little cafés...). It is also walking distance to Exhibition Road (for the Science Museum) and Hyde Park/High Street Kensington. As several travelers have mentioned, the large Waitrose in the station is very handy &amp; well-stocked and there are two good Indians nearby (one of which we tried and had a good meal), a Starbucks two doors down and a couple of pubs/bars, as well as other little places! More eating options at Gloucester Rd Tube station (Organic pizza place, Paul's patisserie...), if you need to have a meal around here. We didn't try these out as we went back to our old haunts. This place is great for families with a baby or young/older children, or those who want to eat in to save money &amp; are looking for a place with a seperate kitchenette. Last but not least, Central telephone reservations were very professional and did their utmost to meet our room requests &amp; the reception staff were very friendly while we were there.	
Mar 11 2008	Nice location reasonable price hairy walls yuck!	Was booked in this location for a work visit to London. The location is convenient--a short walk from the Gloucester Road tube station and close to Kensington Gardens--and for long-term stays I suspect many would like the in-room kitchens, despite their smelling heavily of roach spray. The rooms aren't particularly comfortable--small, uncomfortable convertible beds in the studio apartment and a noisy circuit breaker box humming constantly in the closet, but I could have lived with these nuisances. However I was grossed out by the fact that the walls of my bathroom from about 5' to the ceiling were covered in human hair. Long, short, straight, curly, red, black: there were at least five different &quot;donors.&quot; When I informed the desk clerk, he said, &quot;OK, we'll look into it.&quot; I didn't need him to commit ritual suicide, but a little apology would have been nice. Oh, and the towels are bizarrely small and the sheets had stains. Yuck! I won't be back.	
Dec 15 2007 	short-sheeted by Citidines	We're from the USA and were visiting our student daughter in London over Thanksgiving. Through an agent, we found a one bedroom apartment with Citidines near our daughter and secured the room with a credit card deposit. The Citidine staff accidently cancelled our reservation two days before our departure. We were placed in another Citidines property in South Kensington which was way across town and a 40 minute tube ride from our daughter. We were promised a one bedroom but on checking in, found that we were given lesser accommodations instead - a studio and not what we had already paid for. When I inquired about another room I was told none were available - the hotel was full.Additionally, it was extremely cold, raining and windy our first night in the room but we had no heat. The heater was broken and repeated calls to the front desk for repair or a space heater fell on deaf ears. The TV didn't work either - we waited 3 days for it to be addressed.Finally, on checking out (management had not returned any of my messages) we discovered the hotel had charged us an extra $125 for a spare bed when we had neither requested one nor used one. It seemed par for the course.We will never return to another Citidine property again, regardless of their &quot;promises&quot; and promotions.P.B. Denver, CO	
Nov 28 2007	Great disappointment.	Location great but there it ends. Just spent weekend in this apart/hotel and very disappointed and certainly not worth the money. Rooms clean but need refurbished. Bed settee shabby, bath yellow and tiles in need of grouting. Hand towel rail fell off when we hung a towel on it. Towels were so hard uncomfortable to use. Won't be back and certainly won't recommend to friends	
Nov 4 2007 	Shabby but great location	Just returned from a week at the Citadine in South Kensington. Great location. Just wonderful for London. Walking distance 10 mins or less to Kensington Gardens, Diana Memorial Fountain and Playground, Hyde Park, Royal Albert Hall. 15 to twenty minute walk to Knightsbridge and Harrods and same to Sloane square/street. This is a beautiful part of London. Some residential, some embassies. In the immediate area there are a multitue of pubs and restaurants. Highly recommend the Price Regent for food and DIMT (other end of road past tube station). High chairs everywhere and babies welcome. We were travelling with a 7 month old baby and the Citadine arranged a Graco travel cot for us in our Studio. It is a tight squeeze but we managed. However in the future I'd pay the extra £30 a night for the one bed duplex. Citadines are great if you are travelling with a baby and I'd definitely stay in them again. Staff are lovely and very accommodating. Only minor complaint is that the place was a bit shabby. I put a sheet down before I'd let the baby roll around on the floor as we found a few rogue hairs and bits and bobs on the carpet. The sofa was discoloured and we couldn't open our window. Also we had a non smoking room but the air vent carried the smell of smoke into our room at night which I found a bit disgusting. Still would recommend the Citadine. Enjoy.	
Jun 23 2007	Comfortable self catering in London	Looking for self catering accomodation in London, and having been very happy with Citadines in France, we booked an apartment because it was convenient to the site of a London conference. On arrival, late in the evening, we were told &quot;good news, bad news&quot; - there was no apartment available, but we were relocated to the Ascot (owned by the same chain) in Mayfair, at the same rate, which was a much more upmarket place, but much less convenient for our purposes. On returning to Citadines a few days later, we found it as we expected - slightly worn furnishings, but comfortable, clean, well-equipped, and everything worked as it should. One of the good things for business travel is free unlimited broadband access. This is practical comfortable and relatively inexpensive accomodation for those wanting the self catering option, close to the underground, and a bonus is the excellent Italian restaurant in the bottom of the building (unrelated but Citadines offers breakfast vouchers for a full breakfast there)	
Jun 10 2007 	Watch out - The one bedroom apartments are duplexes !	We had reserved a one bedroom apartment because the studios have sofa beds. When we arrived and the desk clerk saw that I was walking with a cane, he said that there was a problem because all their one bedroom apartments were duplexes on two floors (with the bedroom and bathroom up a flight of stairs) and that would be difficult for me. We looked at the apartment and changed to a studio, which was slightly less expensive, but the sofa bed was very uncomfortable.We had stayed at a Citadine in Paris and the apartment was very nice. The web page for all the hotels in the chain show the same layouts for all of them and this is very misleading. They should tell people about the two level apartments!NomyL@aol.com	
Apr 11 2007 	Location location location	We appreciated this Citadines property for its location. It's on a block in South Kensington that's filled with little shops and cafés. My caffeine-addicted husband was so happy there was a Starbucks just a few steps from the hotel. The Tube was an easy walk, and there is a Partridges grocery store (you'll find cereal in the &quot;American section&quot;) on the block and a Waitrose supermarket at the Gloucester Road Tube station. Several good restaurants are also located on Gloucester Road, including an organic pizza place across from the Tube. Getting to the major sites from here was easy.We had a set-up for four people: a living area with sofa bed and a kitchenette on one floor, then upstairs there was a bedroom with a double bed and a bathroom with bath/shower. The high ceilings made it all seem larger.As a previous reviewer stated, this property is in desperate need of some freshening up. The sofa bed was very stained and difficult to open. The double bed upstairs had no coverlet or bedspread on it--just sheets and a blanket. In the bathroom there is only a flimsy shower curtain, and as a result our floor was constantly wet. The fridge could barely keep the milk and other food items cold. And there were no bowls to use for our cereal in the morning, so we had to use coffee cups. (Tip for other cereal eaters: bring some disposable plastic or paper bowls as we couldn't find these at the London supermarkets.)The Paris Citadines we stayed at following our London trip was much nicer--you could tell it had been updated fairly recently.Considering we did not spend much time in our hotel, we could live with the outdated appearance. If you want a hotel that gives you a little extra room and has a great location, then you'll like this Citadines.	
Apr 10 2007 	Needs help!	We stayed in this facility last spring and enjoyed the ease of the location. Nice and close to underground, walkable to sites and central London and many little shops in area to pick up fresh fruit, baked goods and coffee for breakfast. For our return trip this spring, we decided we liked the facility and location enough to return. We'll not be back again. The place is really dirty. The sofa bed was stained and grimey. The carpets were stained. It took us some time to figure out that the bites my son had on his ankles and wrists weren't from bugs in the park but bugs in his bed (bed bugs confirmed by the chemist). We couldn't pay my son to return here!I realize it is not a hotel with daily maid service but the rates are high enough that the basics should be provided. For a six night stay we were left one roll of toilet paper, one dishwasher tablet, two tea towels. It is expected that guests supply their own once that is used up. Don't know about you but for a six night stay I'm not interested in buying a box of dishwashing detergent . Our sofa bed was so squeaky that we had to have them come with a can of WD40 so I got him to oil all the doors as well. TV reception was really poor and the back of the TV fell off as I moved it to open the window. One chair had the legs falling off. The doors in the apartment slam shut and you can hear that happening in other apartments too. Sound proofing is great - someone's baby and dog weren't very happy and we heard all about it! It's a shame management has been slow to work on this place because the location is really good and the connfigeration of the apartment works for our family.	
Dec 1 2006	A lower priced alternative but needs some attention	Just returned from an 8 night stay. The pros:-close to tube (3 blocks)\-walking distance to Kensington Palace, museums, Kensington High St shopping-kitchenette-restaurants and supermarkets very close-very safe, residential areaThe cons:-apartment needs renovation-the sofa, carpets, and walls are worn and dirty in places-had to go to lobby to use the wifi internet-in room router did not work for ANYONE from the States-dishwasher did not work properly, despite 2 requests for maintenance-telephone did not work, causing us to (almost) miss a wakeup call and several phone callsWould I stay again? I would probably check out the Trafalgar Square location, just to save some time on the Tube. Howver, management really needs to renovate. While the rooms are &quot;clean&quot;, there was quite a bit of visible build up of dirt on the walls and baseboards, and the sofa was quite dirty.	
Jul 20 2006 	Quite a disappointment - very small mediocre service	We booked Citadines thru a London apartment agency for a recent family trip to London and were quite disappointed. The apartment was very small and well worn. The air conditioning was either not working or turned up very warm. The service was mediocre. We had to follow up to get our one cleaning for the week. We booked for 4 people, but they only gave us 3 bath towels and then made us pay for the extra towels. The people working the front desk were pleasant but not helpful. They missed our wake up call and would not help with a simple request to print a boarding pass for our flight out. It was nice to have a small kitchen in the room to prepare easy meals or breakfast. Overall, I would not recommend this location for families.	
Jul 19 2006 	Never in Summer!	I had to check out early at this hotel! Their rooms are not air conditioned and had little to no ventilation! Add to that a London heatwave and you have a recipe for misery! Partly my fault as I ssumed Citadines would be air-conditioned. Partly theirs as when you ask them they claim their rooms are &quot;air cooled&quot;. What is up with that? If you are going in Fall, WInter, or Spring, I would say book this place but as for summer, stay away!	
Jun 15 2006	a great place to stay!!	Great location, close to the tube station, grocery store, bakery just two blocks away. Royal Albert Hall is 5 min walk , Harrods 15 min. Get a tube pass which includes the bus (stop accross the street) My sister and I stayed there for 10 days and felt it was our home away from home. The staff are friendly and helpful .We had planned to cook our dinners in, that didn't last long as we found so many restaurants within easy walking distance. After touring the busy parts of the city it was great to come &quot;home&quot; and re-group in our quiet, cosy surrondings. Our unit was a located on the first floor, with bedroom and bathroom upstairs, kitchen and sitting area, with TV downstairs. Wireless internet is available in the lobby, which been a non smoker I found it hard to spend too much time there, but I understand they are in the process of installing connection in the rooms. My next stay to London will definetly include the Citidines Kennsington.	
Jun 8 2006	Our Most Recent Stay at Citadines	We have stayed at the Citadines South Kensington four times and each time we enjoy the place more. We were there last month and were able to check in early. The lift was not working and we had to walk up five floor with our luggage. We didn't really mind because we were getting into the room early. As I was huffing up the stairs to the second floor, along comes a young man who works there and asked what floor we were on--the next thing I knew, he was carrying my luggage up to our room. We had just stayed there a few months ago and it seemed like the people behind the desk this time were much more helpful than previous stays. We love the location--it's great to have the tube close by and our choice of supermarkets to shop. We had a room facing the back this time and it was very quiet--looked out onto the mews and it was a lovely view. We tried a twin bed room and were very happy with it. We usually stay in the room with the sofa bed and it was very nice not to have to open and close the bed--plus the mattresses were much better! The room seemed bigger with the twins too--hard to walk around when the sofa bed was open. Can't wait to go back!!!	
Jun 1 2006 	Customer Service	Absolutely wonderful sense of customer service... I had queried about availability of a taxi cab to take me to the airport, but the taxi driver fell ill that day, and the front office manager (not sure of his name, but mentioned that he was Egyptian) gladly offered to drive me to the airport at 6:30 am.... I mean, who would expect the manager of a hotel to drive you to the airport in his car when anyone would normally hail another cab for you?I rate this apart'hotel the best in Customer Service :-)	
May 23 2006	Wonderful Stay. Great for families.	Family of four stayed in a top floor DOUBLE HEIGHT! apartment the week of April 9th 2006.Amazing amount of space for family with teenagers. (Non smokers stayed in smoking apartment and had no trouble.) Made our first trip to London extremely comfortable. Kitchenette is helpful for easy breakfasts and quick dinners.Staff was accomodating. Early check in, extra towels on request.Location is wonderful. Easy tube ride to all. Nice to come back to a quieter neighborhood after a day of touring. Food stores near by. Restaurants; recommend Jakobs at 20 Glouchester Rd. Organic middle eastern food. Delicious! Lovely host!The multi day passes for the tube and bus are wonderful. Recommend the Eye, the restaurant in the crypt of St Martin's in the Fields, the Cabinet War Rooms and just strolling the streets of this great city.	
Apr 8 2006	Excellent Value AND an early check-in!	This Citadines makes an excellent choice, if you keep in mind you are not staying at a true hotel. Yes, you have to make your own bed, do your own dishes, and take out your trash, but in turn, you get a modern, clean, well-equipped apartment in one of the best neighborhoods in one of the world's most expensive cities at a bargain price. 1 long block to the Gloucester Road tube station, 5 minutes walk to Kensington Place, home of Princess Diana. Her favorite take-out pizza place is a block north of the hotel - look for the sign on the entry steps. Another hint...take your laundry to the laundromat just down the street - it's about 1/2 the price of the hotel's coin-op machines, and they'll wash, dry, and fold it for you. Unlike other reviews we read, we arrived at 11am and were able to check right in, no hassles. The morning desk clerk, Mohamed, was very cordial, although we did observe indifferent behavior from some of the evening staff. We stayed from 3/22-3/25, and it was the best stay we have ever had in any London hotel, especially at the excellent price we found on Expedia ($108/night, plus taxes). One other recommendation, if just two in your party, opt for 2 twins rather than 1 double, that way you'll get 2 daybeds which are REAL beds, rather than a sofa bed in your unit.	
Mar 1 2006	Solid value and convenience with a few rough edges	We've stayed in this hotel for a few days for the last three years and keep going back for the value it provides.The location is simply hard to beat. Hyde Park, Victoria and Albert Museum, and even Buckingham Palace are a short walk away. We even walked to Notting Hill one time. Having stayed on the north edge of Hyde Park once, I find this side of Hyde Park more residential and more quiet.Transportation connections are good. There's a direct subway to/from Heathrow to the Gloster Road station, and you're in the hotel after a short walk. Hop on the subway and most of central london can be reached in 15 mins. The bus to windsor castle stops nearby. Meals are plentiful. Several grocery stores within a few mins walk (Waitrose has become our favorite). The sandwich store across the street sells all kinds of snacks. A gourmet food store is next door. There's a wine store across the street. And many typical neighborhood restaurants up and down the street - we've tried a couple (the Thai place and a pub that is now out of business) and both were fairly good.The amenities are solid. You get plenty of space (we typically get the one-bedroom), and the kitchen is very convenient for warming take-outs (but hard to cook anything more significant than breakfast). The place is reasonably clean. Its quiet at night and you can get a good night's sleep.What's not to like?Laundry and towels are not changed daily but for a stay of 3-4 days this is beareable.Late checkin of 3 PM - we got nailed on this one time when we arrived around noon from Gatwick. Only solution is to drop off the bags in the cloakroom and go out for lunchSometimes getting a good room can be an issue. Once we were given a room with a non-functioning AC, and after complaining we were finally given a room on the top floor (these are bigger than the other floors).Appliances can be flaky. The AC is fairly weak when it works - this is a problem for most of Europe IMO. Our solution is to sleep with the windows open. Putting on the electric kettle and the stove trips the circuit breaker. So we now boil the water first, cook breakfast and then boil the water a second time.The staff can be a bit slow but they mostly seem to be friendly.Tiny and flimsy garbage bags - we save the bags from Waitrose and reuse them. Dishwashing tabs - we bring a few with us from the US although depending on who's at the desk when you ask can get you more.	
Dec 27 2005	Comfortable Hotel With Mediocre Service	This was my second stay at a Citadines in London this year. Overall, I really like the concept. Having a fully equipped (minus oven) kitchen is great and both properties were modern and well kept. As opposed to the usual studio set up, this room had two day beds and reminded me a bit of my college dorm except for the fact that this was much nicer. Once I got use to the set up, I found the room to be very comfortable, roomy and just perfect for the two nights I stayed. There are a number of groceries nearby so stocking the kitchen is quite easy. The neighborhood itself is convenient and very upscale.Now for the negatives – it appears that this property does not allow check in before 3 pm unlike its sister in Trafalgar Square. I arrived at 12:30 and was told the room was not ready. When I asked when it would be ready, I was told 3 pm which happens to be posted check in. While stowing my luggage, I overheard the desk tell another guest that their room was unavailable and would not be ready until 3 pm. So, it seems that, unlike most other London hotels, your chances of getting checking in early are close to nil no matter if your room is ready. Very bad news to someone who has spent all night on a plane. Also, be aware that the luggage storage room is unattended and unlocked and the desk cannot really see who comes in and out of it. Finally, pay attention to the card that you are issued at check in that gives your direct telephone number and your hotel access code. The clerk checking me in omitted the last two numbers of my phone number which I did not realize until leaving a message for a friend to call me (oh, there must be some numbers missing...). There also was no explanation of the access code. You will need to type the code on the key pad at the front door to gain access to the hotel after hours.The hotel itself was fine and quite comfortable. The staff at the Trafalgar Citadines location is much more accommodating than at South Kensington and hence the lower rating for the hotel.	
Dec 12 2005	Good compromise	We went to Citadines Kensington for 2 nights in 12/2005. The hotel is ideally located and all the rooms offer a smell kitchen facility with everything you may need.Though the carpet / tiles / furniture are a bit worn out, it is a very acceptable compromise for London if you are ready to cook your meals on your own. Tesco &amp; Waitrose are at less than 300 meters, and they provide ready to heat food that can be microwaved easilly.Service could be a bit more cheerful and helpfull, but all in all, it ai a very good compromise for families &amp; couples who want to have a clean place for a reasonnable cost.We will visit them again if back in London.	
Oct 20 2005	Off-putting VAT shenanigans	&quot;Rates Are Subject To 17.5% Vat As From January 1, 2005. &quot; This implies that they were VAT free before - what nonsense. I notice that Citadines quote VAT inclusine online rates everywhere else but UK - so why do it here? They should quote the full rate.I used to rate Citadines more highly and used them a lot but this obfuscation has put me off.	
Aug 28 2005	Great home for a stay in London	We booked our stay at the Citadines through Expedia and it didn't disappoint. An older building converted into self-catering suites, it has a great location and the facilities were quite suitable and the staff very friendly. We are a family of four (with two boys 12 and 16) and the two-floor suite one floor up from the ground was a great base for our stay in London. The boys slept on the foldout in the front room and we had the loft bedroom.The front desk staff members were very friendly and helpful and provided us with additional TP and dishwashing soap washing tablets without question. The rooms were clean upon arrival and the small kitchenette quite functional, although there weren't four of every place setting, but we managed quite well. We shopped at Waitrose until we discovered the Sainsbury's two minutes further away in Cromwell Road. As Canadians, we weren't used to putting our keycard in the slot in order to get electricity and we found out that you couldn't run the hairdryer in the bathroom and the toaster in the kitchen at the same time, but we quickly adapted. There's a launderette up the street and a wine/beer shop across the road. Five minutes walk and you are in Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. The #9 bus will have you at Piccadilly Circus or Trafalgar Square in 15 minutes. We spent most of our stay showing our boys around London, but it was great to come &quot;home&quot; each evening to a home-cooked meal. If you prefer, there is a full range of restaurants and pubs in Gloucester Road. The area is very friendly and secure and five minutes walk from the Gloucester Road tube station. I had stayed in the same neighbourhood about twenty-five years ago and my wife had lived in the same area around the same time and so we were happy to find reasonable accomodations in South Kensington. We don't get to London often enough any more, but we hope that this hotel is around the next time that we return.	
Aug 4 2005	Well located and priced but not nice	My partner and I booked this apartment through a last minute internet deal for 4 nights, and it was adequate but not fantastic. Although the pictures displayed when we booked were of a one bedroom apartment, we ended up in a studio apartment (when the bed was extended out - which was all the time because who can be bothered putting it back as a couch every day - it was very cramped). The apartment smelt of smoke (we had requested a non smoking room) and was quite old. The shower also flooded every time you had a shower - not convenient! It was also way too cold - we only had a very thin blanket for the bed and although we had the heater on full it didn't seem to work very well so we had to ask for extra blankets in the middle of the night (and had to go to the front desk to collect the one thin blanket they gave us from the clerk who seemed very perplexed that we should want this!). What was good about this place was the location and being able to self cater (much cheaper). When we left we tried to pay and were told that we did that through the internet agency we booked through - whatever we thought, we were in a hurry and not going to force money on them. Weeks later the charges still hadn't appeared on the credit card and we thought we weren't going to be charged at all for it at all, but then they started phoning us saying we hadn't paid (inconvient as we were travelling around Europe at the time). Recommended for being relatively cheap and well located, but not very nice.	
Jun 1 2005	How to use a Citadines	These aparthotels are great value for money if you know how to use them properly. It's like having your own apartment and you have to clean up after yourself - therefore rooms are equipped for day one in terms of TP, dishwasher powders, garbage bags etc. When you run out &amp; need more ask at the desk (it's free). I always pack or buy cleaning wipes (Dettol), washing up liquid and dishrag for making sure kitchen and bathroom stay clean and, if you want to pay extra you can have the maid come in midweek. When I stayed the curtains weren't in great shape and, being in a double height mezzanined one bed apt (411?) It was impossible to close them properly - no wonder they'd got damaged over the years. The decor was tired but clean enough and the reception staf were overworked but friendly. The location is fantastic especially Waitrose for groceries at Gloucester Road tube and a quick walk to Kensington High Street. I have used Citadines in London and Paris and would always consider them with travelling with more than two in a party or with children.	
May 10 2005	The Location is Excellent..The kitchenette helpful...	When I first arrived at the Citadines I had to wait 30 minutes to check in due to computer difficulties. I was givena smoking room because they said they had no non smoking studios left ( I was in Rm 309) - I asked about the smell because I am highly bothered by smoke and they said they clean the rooms after each use and the smell will not be noticable. Well it was. The curtains were missing half of their foam backing so they did not keep the sunlight out (I guess I should not complain abotu sun light in London but I did not want to awake at sunrise every day). The phone did not work, and all my London friends were calling my American cell phone because the number I gave them for my room just rang and rang. I called the desk and was told all filled, nothing can be done. After the first night I approached the front desk agent and in 30 minutes I was in Rm 311, a delightful change. In extremely expensive London having the kitchenette helped keep costs down - there are 2 supermarkets within a 5 or so minutes walk. They have meals you can microwave for a few pounds. If I have another room like 311 I would stay again, however if it is like room 309 I will not.	
Apr 17 2005	You don't get what you don't pay for	Yes, yes, there was toilet paper there when we arrived. But not enough for four people for four days. Bring a roll. Also bring a dishwasher powder tablet for the dishwasher. Because you don't want to spend your pounds on these things in London.Citadines was sort of clean -- I did find a couple of hairs in the bathroom upon arrival which were not ours. The furniture in our room was a bit shabby and the place could have used a little paint. And the layout of the apartment was a little strange -- originally it was one room but with a very tall ceiling. So tall, in fact, that they were able to install a second floor for a bedroom. Unfortunately, to preserve the very tall window, they had to do the second floor in a loft-style. So there is no noiseproofing if you have small children downstairs. &lt;sigh&gt; Still, it was cheap! And the staff was very nice to us. We would probably go back (reluctantly), at least as long as we have with small children with us.	
Jan 3 2005	Citadines-Wonderful find in Expensive London	We spent 5 nights at the Citadines South Kensington and loved every minute. It was quiet and clean and CHEAP!!! With the prices of food in London having a full service kitchen (no coffee maker) saved us hundred's of dollars (A croissant and coffee is $20; a small salad is between $20 - 30, Tea, etc. is $5 and up.) Back to the hotel - it is in a lovely mainly residential area but with lots of restaurants and a few pubs. There is a Starbuck's right next door. The Tube is about a 10 min. walk. In that complex there is a great, large, modern grocery store with hot take-away meals (also a drug store, restaurant, Post Office, etc.) Harrod's is about a 20 min walk. The hotel staff is friendly and very efficient. I can't say enough about this place - I will definitely use them the next time I'm in London. (I have pictures I can email if you are interested)	
Dec 30 2008 	Non è tutto oro quello che luccica		
