Nov 16 2009 	Good service - poor rooms	It was not a good start when the room was not ready when we arrived. With Jumeirah hotels you are almost guaranteed good service and they did offer a drink whilst we waited. However the room was average size, small bathroom, slightly worn furnishings and worst of all smelled of smoke, in a smoke free building! Have stayed in better and spent less money at the same time.	
Nov 4 2009 	Worth every pound....top notch service	Stayed here for 1 night. Impressed with service upon entry. I received an upgrade,which made it an ever better stay obviously.Room very spacious incl all kind of amenities, location in good area. Service minded employees.Paid approx gbp 210, which in my opinion is a buy, given the quality of the service,location etc. Have stayed in London many times before, and paid similar amounts for shoebox rooms.	
Oct 30 2009 	Lovely quiet hotel in a great location	Stayed here on a girlie weekend break in early October 2009. First of all the location can't be beaten, only a 5 minute walk from Knightsbridge main street, yet in a lovely, quiet and very upmarket area.Rooms are average size and very comfortable but I found the bathroom small and got very steamy at shower time (there didn't seem to be a fan). Toileteries were excellent and nice large sizes. Bed was extremely comfortable and room had air-con so it was nice and cool. Flat screen TV, nespresso machine and decent hair dryer.Room had turn down service so nice to come back to a tidy room and made bed after night out on town! A bottle of water would have been nice.My only gripes were that the newspaper which was offered wasn't complimentary, which I would assume is normal practice in a hotel of this calibre. Also I didn't like the £5 per day cleaning charge for the room which was added to final bill. Surely the room cleaning is covered by the room rate?! I have never come across this practice before.Staff were extremely couretous and professional and checked me in online for my flight home, opened doors etc. The Waitrose around the corner is handy for goodies (and water of course!).Indian restaurant, Amaya, right next to hotel is fabulous and highly recommended though we had trouble finding a bar in the vicinity, and the hotel bar was deserted.Besides my small gripes above I loved the hotel away from the hustle and bustle.	
Oct 13 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Wonderful location	The Jumeirah Lowndes Hotel is a fantastic hotel in a wonderful location. This boutique style hotel is a real find. To begin with it is only a short walk from the Knightsbridge Tube stop and is convenient to all London has to offer. This hotel is in the ultimate shopping neighborhood as it is only steps from Harvey Nichols, Harrods and all the upscale designer shops. There are fantastic restaurants right in the neighborhood and a patisserie and supermarket right around the corner if you want to stock up on water and other snacks for your room. In the room is a Nespresso machine with complimentary coffee, tea and butter cookies. The linens in the room were luxurious. The room and bathroom were spotless and well appointed with bathrobes, a daily turndown service and slippers left next to the bed. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. There was always someone at the front desk and they were willing to help with any questions and dispensed useful information. The management of the hotel really cares about your comfort and the quality of your experience. They were attentive. Our rate included the breakfast buffet and wired internet in our room. We did not have the hot breakfast but the buffet breakfast each morning was delicious and had a nice selection of cereals, yogurt, danish, meats, fish and fruit. It was perfect. There is a sister hotel around the corner with a great gym and pool. It is very convenient if you want to exercise. The neighborhood is beautiful if you want to just walk for exercise too. We felt very safe. I have stayed in a lot of hotels in London. I usually stay in Mayfair but I was thrilled with our move over to Knightsbridge this year and I will definitely stay at the Jumeirah Lowndes hotel in the spring when I return to London.	
Oct 5 2009 	Recommended	Stayed for one night, (week-end break). This is a real find in London. Don't be fooled by the drab exterior. This hotel is very Chic and luxurious inside. Our room was at the back of the hotel, We were upgraded as part of the package to a deluxe room, very contemporary and luxurious, great a/c and Shower, had a clean feel about it. Staff were really welcoming and professional especially the lady who checked us in. Room was stunning and most comfortable bed i've slept in for a long time, Hotel in nice area, (behind Harvey Nichols and really close to Tube station). I would definitely recommend, Not sure which Hotel the other reviews stayed at as we are exteremely picky and I personally couldn’t fault this property.	
Oct 4 2009 	Wonderful Experience	We were the the Jumeriah Lowndes for two nights and our whole stay was wonderful, despite a few quirks.An upgrade to the Junior Suite was requested and they fully complied. Check in was quick and getting to our room was convenient. Besides all the wonderful services and amenities of the hotel, we had two major issues with the hotel: internet connection was non-existent in our hotel, and the connection at the lobby was extremely limited; the concierge had limited knowledge on the multiple options to get to the Lutton airport.The location was one of the reasons for selecting the hotel, and we would certainly consider returning. However the charge for 20 pounds for internet service a day certainly won't be on our agenda.	
Sep 22 2009 	not what expected	chose this hotel as offered 5 star at special price. would never consider it 5 star. room comfortable but small. we arrived at 1pm and room was not ready so left luggage and walked around till room was ready .tjey took our mobile number but after over an hour they hadn't contacted us so took the chance room would be ready. didn't get the upgrade we'd expected this was explained as subject to availability. even in a 3 star hotel I would expect complimentary water. no kettle so luke warm tea from a coffee machine. think we were paying for location and not facilities.	
Sep 15 2009 	DONT BOTHER EVEN IF ON OFFER	This hotel is the equivalent of a 3 * at best . It is an annexe to its sister Hotel round the corner tucked in a side street No Consierge or Impressive Building. Like the CARLTON TOWER.It is using its Liaison, to gain its stature and selling itself as a 5* hotel which is Rubbish. Do Not be Fooled.. The Lowndes has a small unimpressive reception and while the staff are pleasant when approached they do not go out of there way to assist on arrival and stand chatting to each other leaving you waiting and tired after a long journey.The food at breakfast (HOT ORDERED FROM MENU) was disgusting and we had to send it back after waiting over 35 mins for it to arrive. There was hardly anyone else eating in the dinning room (again small) so not exactly busy. I have never had such rubbish served up on a plate or I should say slopped on a plate. No presentation, stone Cold eggs, bacon, sausage tomatoes, mushrooms soggy tough dry. No toast arrived Tea cold and stewed. Although the staff did apologise and we did not have to pay the moment was spoilt and you don’t expect this service if paying for a good hotel and extra for the breakfast.The rooms are nothing special Bed flat screen TV. (Pay for) Coffee making No tea No view (this is a free upgrade to top de lux room) Rubbish.Our. once in a lifetime treat to ourselves to stay in a top London Hotel which we payed a lot of money for (even when on offer) was not at all what we expected. I had booked a weekend break for myself and husband and we were very disappointed and should have stayed at home and saved a lot of money. The TOWER hotel is much more impressive to look at and has the pool Gym ect which you can use but you need to go out ,cross the street and road enter the hotel through reception which is embarrassing and find the facilities. I can’t comment on the food and service as we were not allowed to eat there for breakfast on the 2nd day. we therefore had to make do with cold buffet which at £25.00 each is not cheap and not great. Dont Stay there and expect 5 star if happy to pay the price for 3* max BUT WOULD SUGGEST LOOK FOR BETTER DEAL.	
Sep 14 2009 	Another great Jumeirah Hotel	Having stayed at Jumeirah hotels in Dubai (Burj Al Arab, Jumeirah Beach Hotel &amp; Bab Al Shams (BAS)) I automatically picked a Jumeirah hotel when I was staying in London. We arrived and were greeted by friendly smiles at the door which shows that the Jumeirah Hallmark of 'I will always smile and greet our guests before they greet me' was followed. We were checked in quickly and the cold towel was a nice touch just like the other Jumeirah hotels. We stayed in a Junior Suite and this was nicely set out, not the largest of junior suites compared to what would be expected but it was ok for one night. As soon as we arrived a member of staff knocked on our door and delivered a box of chocolates and a greeting card thanking me for staying at the hotel which was nice. Later in the evening we were delivered cold water and ice which was another nice touch that you get used to when staying with Jumeirah.I used the spa and pool area at Jumeirah Carlton Towers (JCT) which is under a minute away. The staff here were really friendly and I even got talking to one of them about my stay in BAS in June (a fantastic desert resort by Jumeirah which I would recommend). The facilities at JCT were great and I would definitely go back to use the spa and gym.We had a pre-dinner drink at the Mimosa bar which was pleasant. The staff were friendly and the atmosphere was perfect. We then went straight to dinner in the Mimosa restaurant which was superb. The food was amazing and great value for money and the staff, again were fantastic. The restaurant is small and very well laid out. The size of the restaurant means that you can get great, fast and personal service and it the atmosphere is relaxed. I will go back again and this is now my second favourite restaurant in London (with the Rib Room in JCT being my first).The only disappointing element to the stay was there being no evening turn down service. This is not what I expected in a Jumeirah Hotel, however it did not spoil the stay at all.We were allowed a 2pm check-out which was helpful and meant we didn't have to rush in the morning. When we came to checkout it was quick and efficient and we were thanked for staying at the hotel by numerous members of staff.The hotel is great value for money and I will continue to stay in Jumeirah hotels as nothing comes close. Thanks for a great weekend!!	
Sep 11 2009 	Poor Check In Service Room OK	I stayed at this hotel for 1 night in September 2009. Whenever I stay in a 5 Star hotel I look to the service they provide to distinguish it from 4 star hotels. This hotel provided some of the worst service I have seen from a 5 star property. All the time I stayed there, there was no doorman. I entered the hotel and there was a terrible smell of fish. The reception area smelt awful. I pointed it out to the receptionist, who could not care less, as they could not smell it. I had a 10 minute argument at check in over pre authorisation of my credit card, for drinks and meals. I refused to give them any card, as I do not agree with the system that takes money off my card in advance, in case I spend something. I found the receptionist rude in the extreme, as I would not hand over a card. At one point I was told I would not be allowed to be given the key, unless I gave her a credit card. I had pre paid for the room in advance, but she refused to give me the key..incredible! I was never addressed by my correct name, by the receptionist, even though it was correct on the booking system, as I check at the health club computer, as staff there addressed me correctly. The hot towel, I was offered at check in, was stone cold. I asked for a summary of my bill, which I booked through the hotels own web site, using a discount code, but was told I hadn’t paid enough for them to give me an invoice, as it was a travel agent booking. I can only sum up check in, as rude and poor in the extreme.The room itself was nice, but the carpet was very dirty in some areas. The radio could not get a signal so did not work. The bathroom was small, but clean. The coffee machine in the room was a great idea. House keeping, unlike check in provided good service. The turn down service cleaned the bathroom, and provided more milk for the coffee machine, and new towels.The breakfast took ages, and when it came it was cold, but nicely presented. If I had paid full price, then I would have been far from happy. It took so long to cook, even though only 1 other guest was taking breakfast, I did not have time to send it back.The pool area, in the Carlton Towers was very nice and is only across the street.On check out the same receptionist asked me for £1.80, shouting across reception, as she had miscalculated the price of my breakfast from the previous day. I had a 60% discount, I paid in cash on check in and she had miscalculated by £1.80. I have to say shouting this across the reception, in front of other guests, still using the wrong name, was unprofessional in the extreme.So in summary, the service provided by the front desk was abysmal. The room was nice, apart from the filthy carpet. Breakfast was way below what you would expect. At this type of hotel, the service is the most important aspect of the stay, and to be clear, it fell well short of what you should expect from a 5 star hotel. Very poor service, but nice bedroom.Would I choose to stay here again, based upon the service I received, if a hotel check in cannot get your name right, then, argues with you and is dismissive, then I would not stay here again. Nice room let down by their staff and terrible service. 5 Star hotels should be about service, service and service, in my case this hotel failed at reception, carpets being clean and cold breakfast.	
Sep 6 2009 	Nice Hotel Let Down by Abysmal Service	5 Star hotels live or die by the service they provide. Rooms can be much of a muchness, there are only so many things you can do to a room to make it look nice. Service is the key for me, in 5 star hotels. Charging lofty prices, should signify a dramatic shift in service compared to a 4 star hotel. This is certainly true of, American, Middle and Far East Hotels. I have found a consistent level of poor service at London 5 star hotels. This hotel is no exception.I came to this hotel at 2.15pm and there was NO DOORMAN. In fact it was a bit confusing where the entrance is on this property. In fact I never saw a doorman during my whole stay. A little thing, yet to me shows a lack of 5 star service standards. As soon as I walked through the self opened door, there was the most awful smell of fish. It was horrendous. I was greeted by a female receptionist. I noted that there was a terrible smell, her reply, &quot;Well I can't smell it!&quot; She was so indignant there was no smell. She was incredibly rude. Then a male receptionist came and sniffed the air and suggested the smell was paint. There was no doubt it was fish, as the restaurant is in front of the reception. I have never smelt anything as bad as this at a hotel of this standard. Next problem, the receptionist wanted to take my credit card to pre authorise £100 in case I use the mini bar. I had a bad experience 3 years ago at another 5 star London hotel who pre authorised £350 and it took a month to get the money back. I now refuse to hand over any card. I prefer the mini bar to be locked. This issue turned into an argument. I was told I was not allowed to check into my room until I handed over a card. I was told this time after time, even though I had pre paid for the room. I asked the receptionist to lock the mini bar. This did not work, she still insisted I had to hand over a card to get the key. I refused so she warned me that, &quot;Everything will be removed from your room if I did not hand over a card&quot;. Again this woman was so rude. It took 10 minutes of constant arguing to resolve this, the mini bar would be locked and everything (food) would be removed from my room.Next problem, I was staying on a discounted room rate, booked through the hotels own web site, but with a discount code. I asked for a bill for the amount already charged to my credit card. The receptionist refused to give me a receipt and told me to get one from the travel agent. Yep this woman must score 10 out of 10 for most unhelpful, rude receptionist I have met this year. Her impressive manner was about to get even better. As part of the deal I received 60% discount on breakfast, at £27.00. She charged me £9.00 cash on the initial day. When checking out the same receptionist, told me I owed another £1.80 as she had undercharged me for breakfast the previous day. Her mistake, yet I was embarrassed by her shouting this across reception as I was leaving. Incredibly bad. Is it not better to ignore the £1.80, than embarrass a customer for your own mistake, or is this hotel so hard up it must have the £1.80 and allow a customer to be embarrassed? Once singed in, I was given a towel to refresh myself, that was freezing cold, then asked by aforementioned receptionist if I wanted to be shown my room. Sorry, this should be automatic, remember the concept of 5 star service! This lady had not got a clue. I was never addressed by Dr, but always as Mr, yet my booking and breakfast receipt showed the pre fix was Dr. Yet another small thing, yet so important to a person to get their name right.The saving grace of this hotel was the room and housekeeping service. Very nice room with my own coffee machine. Simple but nice bathroom great shower gels etc. Very comfy bed. The room was cleaned again with the turndown service, with fresh towels and more gels and milk being provided. Only thing we did not get was a chocolate, or a weather forecast on the pillow, as many 5 star properties give.I went out that night and returned late, once again no doorman, the receptionist never looked up to greet me.The breakfast the next morning was very nicely presented but cold. If I had not been in such a rush to get to my meeting it would have gone back.This hotel is a very nice but it is badly let down by a rude obnoxious receptionist. The biggest saving grace for me was the price I paid. This hotel would attract me back through the door again, at full price, on the basis of the room, it was very nice if the service met a 5 star standard, but wild horses would not drag me back to this hotel whilst their reception staff treat customers in the way I was treated. Great room poor service sum up this hotel. What a shame, as it is such a nice room.	
Aug 31 2009 	Ultimate Luxury esp after a days shopping!	Stayed for three nights last week in August. Don't be fooled by the drab exterior... This hotel is very Chic and luxurious inside. Our room was at the back of the hotel, and had a great view of the London eye in the distance. Staff were really welcoming and professional. Room was stunning and most comfortable bed i've slept in for a long time (I even checked the mattress to see what brand it was). Hotel in nice area, (behind Harvey Nichols and really close to Tube station). I would definately reccomend this for any hard-core shoppers like myself, as it was lovely to unwind there after hours on my feet	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Location Great Staff  Great Hotel 10/10	We arrived at The Lowndes Hotel on August 25th 2009 and what a brilliant experience it was from beginning to end. As we arrived we were greeted by a man on the door who opened the door for us. We were offered fresh face/hand cloths to freshen up with. We were shown to our room and were given a small tour by a member of staff. We stayed in the deluxe room and were given a complimentary bottle of red wine and free 24hr internet access. Our room was very modern, clean and fresh. There was a mini bar which included a range of drinks including coke, mineral water, champagne, vodka etc. and there was a selection of chocolate, popcorn, crisps and sweets but all at a cost as expected. There was a complimentary coffee machine and biscuits including tea and coffee. The bed was huge and EXTREMELY comfortable. I just didn't want to get out of bed in the morning. There is a 26inch Philips LCD widescreen TV which is mounted on the wall and has a sky package including skysports 1,2 and 3, nickelodeon, discovery etc. The bathroom was very modern also which included a range of spa products. His and hers dressing gowns were also hanging on the bathroom door. Room service was available where breakfast could be ordered but at a £6 delivery charge plus a 12.5% service charge.The location was fantastic just 5 minutes walk from Knightsbridge underground station and Harrords. Its also about a 20 minute walk to Buckingham palace from the hotel. This was a great experience and we would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone for a short break.	
Aug 17 2009 	Small but perfectly formed	Steyed here with my wife for a mid-week break (we ate at Bibendum, not far away - which was fantastic).The hotel is small, but immaculate, and the staff were extremely attentive without ever becoming intrusive. It doe not have the grandeur of some the big London hotels - but they often come with their own shortcomings (look closer and a lot of that grandeur is often &quot;faded&quot;). This hotel was in an excellent location, and was pristine throughout.as others have remarked, the coffee makers in the room made a very welcome change from the usual sachets you get. Couldn't fault the place, and would definitely stay again if I wanted to be based in this part of town.	
Aug 15 2009 	Nice hotel in a good location	We stayed here last week as part of a romantic break in London. The hotel was booked through lastminute.com's &quot;secret hotel&quot;. We paid £146 inc tax for the room for the night, which is a huge saving on the hotel's published price.Hint: when looking on the secret hotels copy and paste the description into google, you will be able to find out which hotel it is before booking!The room was large with a very comfy bed and balcony. The bathroom has a smallish bath but a lovely shower.I would advise anyone staying in the Knightsbridge area to consider using this hotel.The only drawback is that there is no free parking, valet parking is charged at £45 per night.	
Aug 13 2009 	Sweet hotel :-)	Very nice hotel, lovely staff, good location.The stuff are so friendly that when we went to paris for few days and came back, they were happy and they missed us.	
Aug 3 2009 	The pefect location in London!	A wonderful experience in the heart of Knightsbridge! The reception staff were more than helpful and even addressed me by name! Rooms are very comfortable, with small balconies (good for smokers, ha!) - A one night stay but a very pleasant one. Will definitely book again.	
Jul 13 2009 	A great location minutes away from Knightsbridge	I stayed at the Jumeirah with my gitlfriend in June 2009 and would choose to stay there again. It is ideally placed for all the Knightsbridge shopping which may be a bad thing as you could pop back within 10 minutes to drop bags off and get back out there again !!. a lovely clean hotel with friendly staff and the location is peaceful - the room was an adequate size for two with a nice comfy bed and the nesprsso coffee machine was a nice touch. We have stayed in other maybe more 'trendy' hotels and been kept awake by revellers in the street outside but here you are in a quiet neighbourhood and if staying at the weekend can usually grab an onstreet parking space and have free parking from saturday eve through to sunday eve, the local NCP was expensive - but you are in central London. We didn't use the bar or restaurant in the hotel not for any other reason than we had a booking elsewhere as both look lovely - low lighting and pleasant background music.All in all a great base and with Knightsbridge tube about 5 minutes away, you can grab as much of London as you like and still get a quiet nights sleep.	
Jun 18 2009 	Will be back for more!	My husband and I decided to go on an impromptu trip to London and we stayed at the Jumeirah Lowndes Hotel in Knightsbridge.I cannot do it and the staff there justice in this small box!It was truly a wonderful experience. We arrived at the hotel at 9 am and our room wasn't yet ready. It was a little disappointing since we were so jet lagged but we dropped off our luggage and went out for breakfast right around the corner.2 hours later, our room was ready and we were not disappointed. It was a very small but impeccably clean, modestly decorated with the most comfortable bed EVER.Our room was cleaned everyday, with cute messages from our housekeeping lady wishing us a good day.The location was amazing! A 5 minute walk from the Knightsbridge Tube Station, Harrods, Harvey Nichols and Sloane Street (all the designer stores any shopaholic could want). The area became very quiet at night as all the shops close around 6, but it was fine by us. After a long day of walking and noise in the Piccadilly Circus, it great coming back 'home' at night.Our incredible concierge KEITH made our trip all the more special. Every morning he happily discussed our itinerary with us, mapped out where to go, how to get there, tube stations, what to see, where to eat... our trip would not have been the same without his help and attention. He even helped us rent a car to the village of Bath and arranged for it's drop off and pick up.After 5 days in gorgeous London, it was sad to leave. Before we left we asked to speak to the manager to tell her personally what great service they provided and a special thank you to Keith!We will definitely be back!!	
Jun 3 2009 	Superb small hotel in great london location	I have stayed at this hotel twice this year, and on both ocassions the service and standards have been excellent. Extremely polished and efficient servcie at reception, well laid out and furnished rooms and an extremely good location. There are a few good restaurants within walking distance if you wish to venture out in the evenings.I would definiitely stay in this hotel again.	
May 26 2009 	Luxurious and quiet Knightsbridge boutique hotel.	My wife and I stayed for a night in late May, celebrating a special occasion. We booked through Last Minute and paid £130 for the night, excluding breakfast. For a five star hotel in London, this seemed reasonable value. This was our third visit to a five star hotel, and, once again, we were not disappointed by the experience. If you've paid a similar amount to stay in a British &quot;four star&quot; hotel, as we have on several disappointing occasions before, you will notice the tangible difference in quality when you stay here. The service, furnishing and finish all suggested that the Lowndes was a five star hotel, from the first to the last minute of our stay, despite its size.Hotel Positives:* On the hot afternoon we arrived, my wife was handed a cool, perfumed towel as I filled in the forms at reception - a thoughtful, attentive touch.* Lovely, tasteful room with a large double bed that was incredibly comfortable - the best I've ever slept on.* Beautiful bathroom, that whilst a little small, was immaculately clean and appointed with luxurious fittings.* iPod dock was a nice touch.* Magnificent, and surprisingly peaceful location on Lowndes Square, just a minute's walk to Knightsbridge tube. You could honestly have been in the middle of Cheltenham or Tunbridge Wells on a sleepy Sunday - it was uncannily free from traffic and noise!* Friendly, courteous service throughout.Negatives:* Room was slightly smaller than you'd expect, but this is a boutique hotel rather than a tower block.* Air conditioning was slightly noisy, but not obtrusively so.* I gave tips to room service when they delivered ice and glasses for our mini bar drinks. I discovered afterwards that a 'discretionary service charge' had also been added to the mini bar bill. I don't mind giving a tip, or paying a service charge, but not both. This needs to be clarified to guests.* Mini bar was expensive.Overall:A beautiful hotel that felt special for our weekend away. I'd recommend it for its location and tranquility alone. Due to its size and personality, it might well suit private clients better than business travellers. Also, I wouldn't really say that this was a hotel for young children. As a parent myself, I'd be conscious that they might disturb other guests. Other than that, it was super and I'd like to return.	
May 17 2009 	4 star not 5 star but still fine!	My husband and I stayed at the Lowndes, having booked it through Lastminute.com under their 'secret hotels' arrangement. For the money we paid, it was fantastic! We were seeing Eric Clapton at the Albert Hall, and the location of the hotel was perfect for this, being about a 10 minute walk through Hyde Park. Whilst the hotel is billed as a 5 star, I would dispute this as the general hotel facilities are quite sparse, e.g. small bar area, small restaurant (we did not eat here) and nothing else on site (although they do publicise the gym and spa which is at their sister hotel about 5 minutes walk away)! However, the staff could not have been more helpful. We were greeted at reception with the offer of hot towels to wipe away the strain of the journey, and for our money (£140 for the night) we got a King sized deluxe room with balcony overlooking Lowndes Square. The room itself was immaculately clean, although quite small (as other reviewers have mentioned, this is quite common in London unless you're preapred to pay megabucks!). Although small, the room was perfecty adequate for 2 people. The bed was very comfortable, there was a plasma screen wall-mounted TV and a great balcony (the key for which is handed to you at reception where you have to sign a disclaimer!). The bathroom was small but perfectly formed - great, hot power shower and up-market toiletries. There was a bit of noise in the room during the night from the street outside, so if this is something that would keep you up at night, request a room facing into the hotel, or take earplugs! We didn't hear any noise from any of the other rooms, but the hotel did not seem to be particularly busy on our floor (5). Locally, you are about 2 minutes walk away from Harrods and Harvey Nicholas, and the same distance from Knightsbridge Tube Station. It's not a great location for getting a late night drink (we tried to find a bar after the show, but the only one around was at the hotel and not cheap!) Still, we enjoyed our stay and I would book this hotel again (for the same price) if we needed to be in the Kensington/Knightsbridge area of London.	
May 4 2009 	Perfect Stay	Its the First time Im actually writing a review as this hotel and staff warrant such praise , We stayed for 2 nights over the Bank Holiday weekend and what a stay it was , from start to finish it was wonderful , attention to detail , service just amazing.I had booked 2 Junior suites and these were very impressive , Imacculate , we spent alot of time out but everytime we did return to the hotel it was just so welcoming , I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone who wishes to stay there, Thank you to all at the hotel for a wondeful stay	
May 2 2009 	Great location but possibly worst management/service in the hotels industry	I am a frequent Jumeirah hotels guest. I am on the silver tier of the Jumeirah loyalty card. I love the Jumeirah hotels and I believe I have stayed in almost all the Jumeirah properties. This hotel is, with no doubt, the worst managed property. I stayed at the Lowndes for a week with the family for a vacation. We had three deluxe rooms. In the first night for us at the hotel, we receive telephone calls at 2 am followed by heavy and persistent knocking on the doors of the three rooms. The knocking goes on the doors of each of our three rooms and the person says “Room Service”. We were all woken up at 2 in the morning because Room Service simply didn’t write down the room number from which the order came and decided to go to the wrong rooms.Reception staff is completely not up to it. We were told that we will be compensated for having our first night ruined by offering free full breakfast for our stay. I explained that although I already have continental breakfast included in my rooms (because of my silver Jumeirah card), I will accept the offer. On check out, the manager explains that the offer was only meant for one night of our stay. He further explains that he would not offer that much “loss of revenue” in full breakfast. So I accept to pay the difference and decide not to pay “discretionary” service charge for the whole of my stay, which made the loss of revenue far more than the difference I paid. In another situation, I asked for the amount I have to pay if I upgraded one of the rooms to a suite and downgraded another room to a guest room. The ridiculous reception staff wanted to convince me that I should only upgrade one of the rooms because downgrading another would not make a difference. When I asked for the breakdown of her calculation, she hesitantly showed me what would certainly be a saving if I did downgrade another room. Her twisty response made me decide not to change any of the rooms.Concierge is simply useless. I asked for musical tickets and was told it was completely sold-out for three months. Of course this response comes without making any calls or checking. I went to Harrods and bought five tickets for the next day! In conclusion, I believe it is really pity that such a property in a nice location is managed by amatures. As I said, I am a frequent at Jumeirah properties. I hope the company realizes the mismanagement of the Lowndes and fixes it soon.	
Mar 25 2009 	Ok and just ok	Possibly shouldnt be classed as 5*.Was proposing to my girlfriend this weekend in london.Rooms were fantastic great size and all the mod cons you would expect. Slippers, robes, umberella all supplied. Mini Bar prices sky high and coffee machine seemed more of a novelty item.Bar/Restaurant area leaved alot to be desired from a so called 5* property.No problems with the hotel overall and would probably stay there again, only difficulty was when checking out additional drinnks had been put onto our billed and took about 20mins to get sorted. They were eventually removed and the bill amended.	
Feb 21 2009 	Excellent Choice	It is well-known that Knightsbridge/Belgravia is a distinguished part of London and to find a good hotel, reasonably priced, in that area is not an easy task. After weighting pros and cons we decided to stay at the Jumeirah Lowndes. We think we made an excellent choice for our short five-day London vacation. The hotel is not large, but it is very well cared. All the staff, from doorman to the concierge, is kind and efficient. The room was absolutely clean with efficient turn-down service. The bathroom is compact but nicely decorated. Breakfast was very good, though we did not made hot meal orders. We have no doubt what will be our first option next time we come to London.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great little hotel - wonderful locaiton only 4 stars though.	Hotel is great and if one can overlook spotty housekeeping, one would be ok. The rooms and furnsishings are great.Dear Jane, I did not feel obligated to write to you regarding my hotel stay as it was below average and i felt why should i take the time out of my busy day to help you solve your problems. But after arriving back home and in review of my bill i saw a Discretionary Service Charge on my bill of 5.85 per day, i felt that is absurd for what i experienced. The problem is that your hotel is rated 5 stars and that is the type of service one expects when they are told it is 5 stars but in reality your hotel is only 4 stars. If i was told the Lowndes Hotel was 4 stars prior to arrival, i would have had a good stay.The Good1. Your hotel front desk staff of Evelyn, Maria and Caroline went out of their way to solve my problems and make my stay much more pleasant.2. The room amenities, furnishings and size were great.3. The location of your hotel is fantastic.4. Mimosa - i ate there 2 nights and felt the food and staff were superior.The Bad1. At a 5 star hotel one would not be expected to pack up and walk 2 blocks to a gym / spa every day especially in the rain and the cold.2. Housekeeping - the worst i have experienced in some time: a) Spotty and inconsistency throughout my stay. b) My bed spread - decorative green one when i turned it over it was badly stained and had remnants of throw up on it, i folded it, place it on the floor and wrote the maid a note that it was bad. All the maid did was move the note to the side and placed the bed spread back on the bed. Only when i threw the bed spread into the hall and spoke with a supervisor, did someone remove it. c) Originally i was in room 201 and i had to move because of the elevator (imagine that?) and when i moved rooms (gave 201 key at 11:00 a.m.) and came back to the hotel at 5:00 PM only to find the new room not finished (maid's cart in the room) and had to call for my things twice. d) Prior to my arrival, i went onto your web site and sent a note that i needed a small refrigerator for medication in my room - i never heard back from any one. When i arrived and checked in with Maria, it was if that was the first time she ever heard of anyone asking for a refrigerator and they finally did accommodate me by clearing out the mini bar (warm temperature) but how hard is it to have 3-4 small refrigerators that cost $99.00 available for guest? Where did that email go and who is assigned to respond?Overall, the location, space, furnishings compensate for the lousy housekeeping services - to me that is the area you would need to spend to bring your hotel up to 5 stars.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great little hideaway	If you are looking for a little hideaway in Knightsbridge, this is perfect. The most attentive staff I have seen in this country for a long time and exceptionally clean rooms and facilities.Maybe not quite as grand as the Jumeirah Tower round the corner, but at 86 rooms this does mean far fewer people which in turn made (for me) a much more relaxing stay.You can use the facilities at the Jumeirah Tower without charge and this is literally just a two minute walk away.Overall very good and will stay again on next trip to London. Only slight gripe is that £19 &amp; £27 for a buffet or cooked breakfast does seem a little extortionate if you are staying on a room only basis.	
Nov 8 2008 	Lovely London Lodging	As someone who lived in central London for 40 years and more, and moved away five years ago, it’s fascinating see the city as a tourist. London is big and sprawling, it has many distinct areas, and choosing a hotel depends on what you want and what you can afford. Unlike the previous reviewer, I would not describe the Lowndes as a five-star: it is a mid-range hotel and perfectly located for London’s best upscale shopping and of course the grotesquely, hilariously vulgar Harrod’s. You can also walk through the lovely parks, past Royal palaces, or along Piccadilly and be in Trafalgar Square within 30 minutes. We did that this morning, spent two hours in the National Gallery, walked back to the hotel, ate a fabulous lunch at buzzy and elegant Zafferano, next door to the Lowndes, before retrieving our car from the Cadogan Square car park and driving back home. A perfect day in London, we thought, despite the rain. The Lowndes was once one of dozens of sleepy, family-owned little hotels in the Belgravia-Knightsbridge area. The Dubai-based Jumeirah company bought it 2006 - the hotel moving from the 19th century to the 21st without ever experiencing the 20th. It is very contemporary in design, with lots of chrome, pastels, striking artwork, and staff posing in sharp suits without ties. As many reviewers have said, the rooms and bathrooms are not large, indeed they are small, yet the designers have made brilliant use of the space available: our room, 411, was spotlessly clean, warm and inviting and lacked nothing. We liked the wall-mounted TV, the spacious wardrobes, the silken bed linen, the clever coffee-maker, the complimentary water and the high quality lotions and potions. OK, the breakfast buffet wasn’t a Dubai resort eye-popper, but we enjoyed smoked salmon, cold meats, cheeses, good fresh fruit, brioche, croissants and strong coffee. They did a “Full English” or even Chinese breakfast to order. After trying several boutiquey hotels, we’ll probably adopt the Lowndes as our London “home.” I’d say the £230 we paid for B&amp;B, inc tax and service, represented excellent value.	
Nov 2 2008 	A lovely night of 5-star luxury	My wife and I spent an evening here while in town to see a show in the west end. We arrived in the early afternoon during a driving rain and the desk staff greeted us with a smile, hot towel and cup of mint tea. The room was immaculate, the bed absolutely perfect and the complimentary espresso maker was a nice bonus. Past reviews have taken issue with the size of the room but we found it to be adequate. Those seeking a cavernous, American-style room should consider either booking a suite or possibly a vacation in America. To be fair to those reviewers the bathroom was smaller than we would have liked and the towels/robes were flimsy, especially given the room's otherwise luxurious appointment. The complimentary Temple Spa toiletries did help to balance the scales however. We didn't take the time to sample the restaurant or bar but they appeared to be in line with the rest of the hotel, both in decor and price-range. The location itself is quiet and close to Knightsbridge tube station. Our only real complaint was the mandatory gratuity added at checkout, around 5% of the bill, which was not mentioned at check-in. A recommended property as long as the customer remembers that it is five-star accommodation and that things like restaurant, bar &amp; minibar will be priced as such.	
Sep 21 2008 	Serene and Discreet	Sure, the rooms are not the most spacious and the breakfast doesn't include the grandest of sprawls (compared with a Hilton breakfast) but the rooms were tastefully furnished, chic-ly equipped, and the breakfast was as immaculately presented as I was attentively tended to. Access to the pool facility in the adjacent twin property the Jumeirah Towers was perfect; pleasant afternoon swimming without having to reside within the somewhat overbearing grandeur of the larger sibling. Brass and marble in all honor, I prefer the cooler stylings, discreet services, and less nervous nature of the guests found in the likes of this and similar boutique-ish hotels above similarly priced palaces.The Jumeirah Lowndes' location was excellent and the #10 bus conveniently connected my stay there with Oxford street and it's clamorous environs.Only complaint: 30 pounds to turn the TV on. Sure,one gets unfettered and combined access to internet services and porn for that price as well - but sometimes, and most often so, the boob tube is plenty media enough for which 30 pounds for an unwinding glance at foreign sounding talking heads is downright laughable and...yeah,miserly. Get a grip. As well perhaps, the rooms' carpeting stuck out as a depressingly sore thumb malpositioned within the overarching aesthetic line of the hotel. But then again, so did the baseball cap I wore when checking in.All in all, it's a wonderful hotel that pays tasteful and cool attention to most all of the details worth caring about during a hotel sejour in London. I'd re-frequent the joint in a jiffy.	
Sep 2 2008 	Tiny bathroom	The best aspects of the Lowndes are its location and the access to the Carlton Towers (see later). Pleasant greeting with a drink and a cold towel (on a very hot day). Rooms are on the small side, unless you go for Executive Suites or higher. The room felt cramped because of the low ceiling and the fact that you could not open the windows. The bathroom was tiny (no separate toilet and shower stall) and very poorly designed. Good toiletries from Temple Spa.High standards of housekeeping with excellent turndown service. Good service at the reception but pretty poor in the restaurant, especially for breakfast.The bar has a large flatscreen TV and is therefore not cosy at all. Breakfast in the restaurant was a fairly good buffet (+ cooked dishes ordered a la carte) but the buffet at the Cartlon Towers had far more choice.The business centre at the Carlton Towers is good and provides free access to Internet. The Peak Spa, while not specially beautiful, has the best city centre hotel pool I have seen and a very good fitness room.Given the choice, I would go to the Carlton Towers next time (slightly more expensive than the Lowndes), where you have all the facilities of a larger luxury hotel without the downside of a boutique hotel.	
Jul 14 2008 	Small hotel 5 star service	Stayed here for the first time recently and will use it as a base when in London, good location, professional staff, small but well appointed rooms and bathrooms. Good breakfast with a sensible if slightly complicated choice of options. If you want 5 Star luxury at a lower price this is an excellent option.	
Jun 8 2008 	Nice stay in great location	Our stay at the Jumeirah Lowndes Hotel was great. The staff especially was great and very accomodating. The location was superb during the day and very quiet at night. This was my first trip to London but I'd certainly stay again. The bed was very comfortable, the A/C worked well, and the bathroom was nicely appointed. Beware of calls from hotel are extremely expensive as well as restaurant in hotel. Thanks Jumeirah Lowndes for very nice job!	
May 13 2008 	Definately not 5 stars	Very good location close to Knightsbridge and Green Park. Rooms and bedding are nice, but service is terrible, maximum 3 stars for staff attitude. Breakfast is expensive. Extra charges were made to my credit card by mistake.	
Mar 22 2008	Ticks all the right buttons	Just spent 3 nights at the Jumeirah Lowndes and thoroughly enjoyed it. Excellent location Harvey Nics/Harrods in five minutes, tube in six.The fact that the hotel isn't huge gives it a nice feel, the staff on the desk couldn't have been more helpful.Though the deluxe room wasn't huge it had everything we wanted and was well presented.Avoid the mini-bar..hefty charges..Waiterose around the corner..internet connection can be £20 a day...grevious. we got ours included in the deal. Got the breakfast up-graded from the original promised toast and coffee to full English (at £27 a pop), and it was cracking..(don't have the porridge though, unmittigated disaster!). Overall a relaxing treat in a great quiet location.	
Jan 21 2008 	Jubliantly Jumeriah	Having only discovered the delights of using Trip Advisor within the last year. I am now trying to complete reviews on recent trips, albeit several months later. This is one boutique hotel I couldn't leave out.We stayed here for one night following a trip to Florence ( see my other reviews ) It was such a pleasant experience, having travelled from Italy, train into London and tube. What a welcome sight at the end of our journey this was. We were greeted with hot towels at reception and instantly calmed. The room was of average size with every facility including a Nespresso filter coffee machine ( I have since bought one ) Sumptuous bath and shower and a comfortable bed. Close to Harrods / Knightsbridge Tube. It is not one of London's biggest hotels but that said I would have no hesitiation in using either this Hotel or any Jumeriah Hotel again based on my experience.	
Jan 13 2008 	My oasis in London	I have adopted the Lowndes as my home away from home on my business travels to London (about four times a year). The hotel is big enough to have all the amenities one would expect in a five star hotel whilst being small enough to give a homely atmosphere.The rooms are both modern and sumptuous. Excellent king size beds, a great bathroom and quality fittings throughout. A nice touch is the in-room Nespresso machine (with complementary capsules) and the radio with i-pod dock.The location is excellent - a way from main roads, but still only a walk to both knightsbridge and sloane square tube stations.The service is generally very good and personalised in a way that is only possible in a smaller proeprty.My only gripe with the Lowndes is the exhorbitant prices it charges for food, laundry and internet. Maybe this is just par for the course in London, but II simply do not understand how brodband in 2008 can cost £21 per day or why it isn't wireless...	
Jan 8 2008 	Excellent Location!	Stayed at this Hotel on New Years Eve to go to a Concert in the 02 Arena. Very easy to find when arriving off M4 and excellent location for Harvey Nicholls, Harrods &amp; Hyde Park.Efficient check-in, hot towels provided. Room very nice, qualtiy furnishings throughout, i pod docking station, Nesspresso Coffee machine, nice toiletries etc.Breakfast Staff not very helpful in providing information about how to order etc. Order when placed took ages to arrive, but was worth waiting for.Car Parking expensive, £45 for 24 hours, Valet service, car is taken to sister Hotel, The Carlton Tower, 2 minutes away (nice for Afternoon Tea).Service charge added to final bill. Bit naughty when you have already had to pay £3.50 for a packet of Nettle crisps!.Overall, very nice hotel, in a very nice area of London, loads of nice bars &amp; restaurants. Great for people watching at Cafe Rouge at the rear of Harrods. Just watching the amazing cars pulling up kept my Husband amused during Lunch!	
Jan 6 2008 	Lovely Service - Great Location	We decided to stay at the hotel for New Years Eve - so that it would give us a good base in London for anything we wanted to do - and that it did deliver. The hotel is situated not far off Sloane Street and very close to Harrods and Harvey Nics. It is a 5 minute walk from Knightsbridge station. On arrival the staff were very helpful - offering us hot flannels to freshen up with and check in was very quick. The room was absolutley lovely - some say small but I don't believe you need much more space on a short trip. The bed was huge and there was a lot of wardrobe space to stash away the suitcase. The bathroom was compact - but had the most powerful shower I have ever used, and they offered some lovely Spa sets. The house keeping service could not have been better - providing us with an iron and ironing board, some toothpast (as we had forgotten ours) and fresh towels the next morning (all in the space of 5 mins after phoning. Beware of the mini bar - it works on sensors so will charge you just for taking something out - we went ot Waitrose just round the corner, and got some drinks for the room. We did eat one bag of crisps from the mini bar which they charged us £3.50 for (high even for London standards)Overall a lovely hotel and experience, close proximity to everything. Would definately stay there again for a special occasion. Well recomended.	
Dec 27 2007	Lovely	I had a great one night stay at the newly refurbished hotel near Harvey Nicks. Service was impeccable as I would expect from Jumeirah hotels. Rooms not the largest but then this is Knightsbridge - it was very quiet at night though. A great base for shopping and sightseeing.	
Dec 18 2007	luxurious small hotel	My young daughter and I had a 2 night stay in the Jumeirah Lowndes Hotel during early December on a Shopper`s Paradise package.I had decided on this hotel as I am a Sirius frequent guest having sampled Jumeirah hospitality in most of its Dubai hotels . On arrival, we were warmly met at reception and shown to ourJunior Suite which was an extremely spacious big room and very warm and comfortable.All details were taken care of and we particularly loved the very comfortable over sized king bed and flat screen wall mounted TV.The room also had a very neat alcove which served as a small study/storage area with lots of xtracupboard space. Although the bathroom was a smaller than expected, it was very clean and had nice Temple spa amenities.Breakfast was really good at the Mimosa restaurant which is the only one in this small boutique hotel.The pancakes and waffles with fresh berries and maple syrup was a favourite with my 10 yr old. The hotel has an excellent location, close to tube stations and in the heart of shopping districts of Knightsbridge and Sloane street. We also could use the spa, gym and pool facilities at the sister Jumeirah Carlton Hotel round the corner but choose not to do so as we had also booked the next 2 nights in that hotel.Overall I was very pleased with my choice and although this hotel is very expensive, its one of the best I have stayed in while in LOndon.If you are fussy about room size , I would recommend a Junior suite for those xtra 20-30 pounds. It really does make a difference.I will be returning to this hotel and If you dont mind hopping over to the Carlton Tower if you looking for a bit of recreation or more social interaction then this quiet hotel is by far a better choice.As for the discretionary service charge that appears on your bill, I was told that it is a general charge to cover tipping which is distributed amongst all staff which in a way is not a bad idea and saves you the trouble of fumbling for change...so my final word of advice is, if you booking online, look at all the offers available as some can be quite good but always verify the room category .	
Dec 10 2007	expensive but great location and service	very expensive hotel but location is great near upscale shopping and Harrows. Service was excellent. Room moderate to small in size. Internet is expensive (20 pounds per 24 hours). Has a deal with the Carlton to use their pool, spa, gym, pool but I didn't use it. Had a King bed but could tell it was 2 beds pushed together. But it was dont in a way that it was very comfortable (which is not usually the case).	
Nov 27 2007 	Lovely Bed	Good Location and lovely italian restaurant next door but you will need to book. Staff very efficient, room although small ,was very new and smart with comfortable bed. Breakfast room crampt but overall very enjoyable stay.Sal Pepe restaurant which the hotel recommended was very poor. We waited over an hour to be seated even though we had booked a table.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great find	We have stayed in the Al Qasr in Dubai (another hotel in the Jumeirah group) and I have to say the Jumeirah Lowndes is of the same standard. The check-in was quick and efficient, the room was a little on the small side but it had everthing we needed. The room was stylish and clean. The bathroom again on the small side was very clean. We ordered room service, this again was quick and the food was hot when it arrived. We also asked for an iron and ironing board and these too were delivered to our room in a matter of minutes. The room was serviced twice daily. The location is great, about a ten minute walk from Knightsbridge tube station and Harrods. We will definately stay here again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Luxurious bedrooms	We recently enjoyed a great value three night break here via one of the late booking websites. The Lowndes is more townhouse than hotel, which is no criticism. Service we found very gracious and personal, and our accommodation was extremely luxurious, in fact faultless. We didn't eat main meals but breakfast buffets were well presented and two out of the three cooked dishes we ate were good. Breakfast service, however, was almost too leisurely. Guests here can use the fantastic spa facilities at the sister Jumeirah Tower hotel (almost next door) and can charge back meals and drinks to their Lowndes account. Do beware, though, before you tip that (as in an increasing number of London hotels and restaurants) a service charge is added to everything when you're presented with your final bill!	
Jul 7 2007	Excellent	A great example of what a first class hotel is all about. - quietly efficient,service, comfortable modern room and bed, nice food. Location is simply fabulous!	
Jun 27 2007	Really nice and expensive!	Very nice hotel.Excellent beds and bath, good supply of shampoo, soap etc.Very good coffee maker in the room! The rooms are not spacious but new, clean and with an exclusive feel to it.Breakfast is good, but again: pretty expensive. Good restaurants nearby.This is a very good hotel, but for the price you would also expect it to be as it is!	
May 27 2007 	Super Find!	After reading many, many reviews of London hotels, we decided to go with the Lowndes. We were not disappointed. The rooms were extremely clean and clutter-free. The bathrooms were spotless. At the end of a long day and miles and miles of walking, a hot shower and comfy bed were a huge relief. By the way, the most comfortable bed I've ever experienced in a hotel. The only complaint that I had was how small the lobby was. The few times we wanted to check our email (for free), we had to go down to the lobby. They only have a few chairs designated for that purpose. One evening, the chairs were gone, so I sat in the bar. The bartender was very accommodating, although I had no drinks. However, if you are willing to pay for internet access, you can enjoy all the ammendities your room has to offer while surfing the net.Overall, it was a very pleasant stay, and will be our hotel of choice next time.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great value for money	This is a great little hotel, which too few people seem to have heard about. The location, in the middle of Knightsbridge, is great, with Harrod's, Harvey Nichols, and Hyde Park, just around the corner. The rooms are of high international standard (which is not so common in London), the bathrooms are great, the Internet connection in the rooms are very reliable. And then the breakfast buffet is the best one I ever had in London. Fresh pressed orange juice at no extra charge, Brie cheese, parma ham, fine salami, etc. Plus everything you would normally expect from a breakfast buffet. On top of this, the staff is very polite and friendly.	
Mar 19 2007 	Very Impressed	Having read most of the reviews I wasn't sure what to expect. I'm particularly fussy when it comes to hotels and I was extremely impressed with the Lowndes. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We were able to use the pool and Spa facilities at the sister hotel, the Carlton Towers which was a 3 minute walk around the block. The location is brilliant, walking distance from all of the shops and restaurants in Knightsbridge. Having done a lot of research as hotels in London have now become so expensive. We paid £200 including taxes booking directly with the hotel and it was well worth it. The rooms are small but clean and modern and the bed was extremely comfy. I will definitely be returning.	
Jan 23 2007 	Lowndes -- all new but not all better	The Lowndes had been a family favorite for years, primarily due to location (around the corner from Harrods) and size (under 70 rooms) and the perfect concierge (Patrick). While none of the above has changed, everything else has! The property was closed for about a year for remodeling and unfortunately, the new Lowndes is just too modern and like every other IKEA-decorated new hotel. The tub/shower combination turned my 6'2 husband into Quasimodo and the range of rooms is very different (we were in 4 separate rooms and 1 suite -- long story. ) In one room, you actually had to take the luggage into the bathroom in order to fit by the door. The flat screen TVs were nice but a weird feature was having speakers in the bathroom that required unplugging a cable on back of the TV to turn off sound in bathroom. Overall, the hotel is nice, not what it used to be, but still nice. The staff is not what is used to be either (with the exception of wonderful Patrick). Will we be back? Maybe, but in all likelihood, I'm more likely to see what the rest of London has to offer. When I pay $300/night, I want perfection, not mediocrity. The Lowndes has a perfect location but sometimes it's more than just location that matters!	
Jan 7 2007 	Best bed in London?	I stayed here with no real idea of what it would be like, it was way over my budget but as it was pre-Christmas and my boss was in generous mood he upped my allowance for one week only so I decided to go somewhere a bit more upmarket than usual. Having not stayed here pre-refurb I can't really comment on how it has changed but what I can tell you is that the decor is a little weird in places, and in others very well done. The hotel is ridiculously expensive if you pay standard rates (around £350 for a basic room) but finding a decent deal will mean that you can get a great room at a not too over the top price (I paid just under half of the standard rate)..One thing regarding the price that you need to be carfeul of though are the plentiful hidden extras - discretionary service charges added to the bill etc. which can soon mount up and tip the scales back very easily to the wrong side of a reasonable rate.But on the good side the breakfast is superb - declicious, fresh, plenty of variety and served in a beautiflully maintained dining room. And the room - some great touches: exprresso machine, complementary bottle of Champagne on arrival, very well equipped bathroom, comfortable armchairs (how often can you say that of a hotel room?) but the piece de resistance was undoubtedly the bed. Fantastically comfortable, massive and swathed in crisp, clean, fresh bed linen - I have never slept in any other bed like it. Wonderful!So - a modern, newly furbished hotel that is very expensive and probably struggles to justify its price if you pay full rate, but if you get a decent discount, it is well worth paying for - but be carfeful of the hidden extras on the bill. But remember that as many of them are discretionary you are not obliged to pay them.Oh - and it is VERY close to the Knightsbridge shops - 5 minutes walk to Harvey Nic's and 10 to Harrods.	
Jan 2 2007 	First impression is wow!	The Jumeirah Lowndes Hotel has only just reopened. Yes they have some problems, but they are minor. My wife and I stayed at the hotel December 28 – January 1st, 2007. We arrived at 8:00am and got a room straight away. The door and reception staff could not have been any better.First impression is wow; it is very bright, contemporary, fashionable and welcoming. Our room was on the third floor, with a balcony over-looking the Halkin Arcade. The quality of the rooms is first class.The reception is small and sufficient, but a nice change.The restaurant and bar are v.good, breakfast is cooked to order. The bar area is again small, but adequate.Great location and with the sister hotel Jumeirah Towers only 50 yards away (you can use their facilities) we had the best of two hotels!I booked direct on the hotels website and got a great deal.	
Dec 20 2006 	Terrible	I had the opportunity to stay during the first week of opening, and I must say it was the most unorganised estabilshment (that I had to pay for).Imagine I wanted to take a bath in the room, but there was no plug in tub, so I called reception to ask about the plug and got a reply &quot;its on the wall&quot; to my surprise went looking for it on the wall, couldnt find it. Called again to get &quot;will send someone up&quot; this gentleman arrived and also started looking on the wall, which to no avail didnt find anything, called reception and the lady decided to grace us with her presence, where by she goes to the taps and starts running the water, and says its working. Then we both say there is no way to stop the water from draining. Flabergasted the lady, turned to me and said kindly take a shower tonight becuase we are fully booked and I cant get you another plug. This is one of many stories duing my stay. Becareful when you go.	
Dec 6 2006	It's been renovated - very badly.	The Lowndes used to be a fantastic little hotel - I agree with all the old reviews you see on this site. But it closed this year for rennovations and has just been re-opened. And boy has it changed. Gone are the old-style English country hotel furnishings. In their place you have ultra modern, cold, bland, decor. Comfy it ain't. Gone too is the beautiful lobby where you could relax, meet friends and enjoy afternoon tea. Instead they now have a huge (ultra modern, ultra trendy) bar / bistro affair. There is nowhere to sit downstairs if you aren't having a meal.The staff have changed and their uniform now makes them look like muted versions of Easyjet staff. They do still hold the door open for you, but not if they are on their mobile. I'm afraid the old Lowndes has gone. The new one is nowhere near as pleasant.	
Jun 8 2006	Great Hotel superior location	We stayed at the Lowndes for a a week for our tenth wedding anniversary. We arranged the stay through British Airways which offered a 65% discount on the room off rack rates. The hotel is in a very quiet area surrounded by immaculate streets and lovely buildings. The train was a five minute walk up famous Sloan street. There were many excellent restaurants within walking distance. All in all, great location. Our full breakfast was included which saved us quite a bit since it can be very expensive. The food was great wtih a good deal of variety, fresh bakery items, juice and dishes made to order. Our room was a good size, spotless with modern bath facilities and a large spacious window overlooking the lovely neighborhood. I assure you you won't regret a stay here especially if you do enough research to get a discounted rate. You'll feel like you are getting a 4 star hotel for a 1 star price.	
Dec 16 2005	Great location great hotel	Fantastic Hotel, really great... Can't wait to go back next year when the refurbishment is done... Arrived at the hotel to be greeted by warm and friendly reception who made us feel really welcome to the Hotel.I was so suprised by the feeling of family and home that the hotel so obviously tries to give.Had a chance to speak to the Hotels operations manager who explained that the hotel is closing for 9 months for a total refurbishment. Really looking forward to seeing the end product. The sample room looks stunning and the new facilities will really bring the hotel right up to date.You can tell that the staff really love working there and that's just so typical of Jumeirah.	
Oct 25 2005	Very good hotel if you get a discounted room	One of the better hotels in London. But....only if you get a special disounted rate. You should be able to get them untill the refurbishment starts in 2006. Great location. Quiet. Comfy rooms with furntiure being a little bit tired. Rooms are actually like the ones on their website. Breakfast is very nice and staff is just great. Keep in mind that this is a hotel from same chain as the fabeled 6 star Burj al Arab.Would I stay here when I had to pay rack rates? No, go to the Sofitel instead. When discounted, the best hotel in London for around 120 pound a night.	
Sep 26 2005	Not a bad choice at all	especially if you get a discounted price, but also not as good as you might expect--as I did--from the many glowing reviews. Yes, it's in a good location. Close to lots of upscale shopping, many fine restaurants and, a benefit too often overlooked in my view, quite a few excellent pubs. It is also close to the tube and blessedly (for us strenuous daytime sight-seers) quiet at night. Nor are these its only positives. The bed is comfy. AC is available for those muggy nights. The plumbing works well, with good water pressure and no knocking pipes. The rooms are sizable enough not to feel closed-in and are well, if not luxuriously, appointed. A small fridge is provided but so jammed with costly hotel comestibles that you have very lttle room for items you might wish to purchase at more reasonable prices just around the corner at the local grocery. Guests do receive a complementary map of London, but no instant tea or coffee. Breakfast, however, is good and plentiful, if you can get what you ordered and in anything like timely fashion. System seems lacking.  One morning, my wife and I had to repeat our order three times and I never did get part of what I requested. Room service also needed to be prodded a time or three and housekeeping was, to put it mildly, uneven. We didn't get our glassware replaced for three days. The rug was never vacuumed during our stay. Some staff seems stretched too thin and others appear to be merely going through the motions. Everyone was pleasant, however. We got a good price via BA--full breakfast included--so I felt the hotel was a reasonable value. But at anything like full price, in my opinion, you can find better choices.	
Jul 17 2005	A great hotel in the right place	We stayed at the Lowndes in late May and again in June, for a total of 12 nights. We have been here before, several times over the past seven years. Its in a great location, close to Harvey Nichols, Harrods etc, and a short walk to the Knightsbridge underground. Its rooms are middle-sized by London standards, small by any other standard, but well planned and very comfortable. The cafe-restaurant offers a generous breakfast and good dinners. There are plenty of other options in the area. Indeed as it is on the edge of the residential part of Knightsbridge there are supply shops (including a Waitrose supermarket) close by also. The concierge service is exceptional. The Lowndes was a Hyatt for many years; but was then taken over by the Al Jumeirah group from Dubai, who also operate the Carlton Tower round the corner. You can use many of that large hotel's facilities on a charge back basis. It is great value for money, against other London options. While some decoration is a little tired, the British Airways web-site states (presumably correctly) that it will close Dec 05-Mar 06 for refurbishment. On all of our stays, we have not been able to fault to Lowndes.	
Jun 27 2005	A quiet elegant retreat	We were in London this past weekend for a wedding, and after much research on the internet decided to stay at The Lowndes. It is an attractive property in a very posh area of London -- similar to Rodeo drive in Beverly Hills, Worth Avenue in Palm Beach or Bloor Street/Yorkville in Toronto. The Lowndes is a small, modern (1970's?) building with a traditionally decorated interior -- lots of wood panelling, marble, plush chairs, etc. The staff is extremely polished, professional and amenable. These are people who seem well trained for their positions and are seriously devoted to making each guest's visit as comfortable as possible. Our room (#404) was an attractively decorated &quot;superior queen&quot; facing an interior courtyard and other buildings. The room was not too large, but it was definitely big enough for two people to be comfortable. The furnishings were of good quality and in good repair, and included armchairs, a writing desk, a bureau and a sizeable mirrored wardrobe fitted with hangers, drawers, a safe, and a trouser press. The bathroom is very small -- about the size of an average North American closet-- but it was very clean and had all of the necessities. The towels were plush and soft, and there were two good quality bathrobes available. We were pleasantly surprised to find that the room had been serviced again in the evening while we were out - always a very nice touch.Overall we were very pleased with our choice, and felt it was good value (for London) for the money. We paid 120 pounds per night booking through Hotels[-]. This was a better rate than the hotel's own website. If you book farther in advance than we did, however, we did notice that there were rates as low as 118 pounds per night including the VAT and breakfast available on other websites, so look around. The hotel was a short taxi ride from Victoria Station (approx. 5 pounds), so it's fairly convenient for those travelling from Gatwick or Heathrow. It was a short walk to Harrod's and Harvey Nichols, but not too close to the more visited &quot;tourist sites&quot; in the city. If you've visited London before and are looking for a quiet, elegant hotel in an upscale, non-touristy area, then The Lowndes may be just what you're looking for. We would definitely consider staying there again!	
Jun 26 2005	Clean and Comfy room	This was the first trip for my husband and I to London. I spent an incredible amount of time researching hotels on trip advisor. For the hotel room I wanted clean and comfy as well as a good size bathroom. The Lowndes Hotel room was so clean and so comfy. The bed was made up with four pillows and a very soft comforter type cover. The duvet cover was changed daily as well as the cases on the pillows. The linen was a very good qaulity. It wasn't stiff and scratchy to sleep on. The bed was very large. I believe it was like a king sized bed. The room was very quite. We did not hear sounds from another room or the hallway the entire time we stayed at the hotel. It was also a very quite street. The service at the hotel was excellant. When we first checked into the hotel it was very late. They were there at the desk waiting for us to check in. We were also very hungry. They were able to make us a light meal from the kitchen. It was very very good. They brought it up to the room. I got tomato soup and croissants and my husband got a sandwich that came with fries(chips). I didn't need to order the croissants because the soup came with a bread with some spreads but I ate them anyway because they were so warm and crisp that I couldn't help myself. We had a very good first impression upon entering the room. Fluffy looking bed with white linens, two rather large and fluffy terry robes hanging on the bathroom door, comfy rotating chair, table, desk with mirror and a chair, TV with two doored chest underneath with small refridgerator on one side and mini bar set up on the other. The closet large enough. It had small draws and a bar to hang clothes. There was trouser press that was not worth my time. I tried it for the first time but wasn't very satisfied with the results. The hair dryer is located in the draw in the desk. So, you sit at the desk with the mirror to do your hair.Bathroom was large. The water pressure was excellant. There was the large tub, high shower head and hand held shower head. All very clean. The breakfast was excellant. Plenty of choices for the continental buffet and the hot breakfast was also very well done. The service was excellant. The coffee was very fresh. We booked our room thru British Airways Holidays (BA.com). The rate included the breakfast. We were surprised to find out that we could choose either the continental or the hot breakfast. The rate was also reasonable thru BA.com. The concierge: Patrick, Sam and one other can't remember his name. All very helpful. They have that map ready to whip out and helped answer all of our questions. They have this nice maid who comes around and fills your ice bucket. She knocks on the door and asks you for your bucket. You hand it to her and she fills it up. Although, you do have to be in your room at the time she arrives. My husband and I were there for liesure travel. I do wish we were a bit closer to action. There was nothing in the area we could do at night. It is a very safe place to walk but there is not much there. There was one pub around the corner but that was it. Come to find out the Hotel is in is very upscale area. Nice grocery store a two minute walk but mainly shops of very high qaulity in this area that all closed at night. Ten minute walk to Buckingham Palace. Same for the tube. Maybe five minute walk to the tube. Lots and lots of walking in London. We were so thankful to come back at the end of the night to a very clean and comfy room at the Lowndes Hotel.	
Jun 21 2005	Nice Place	Stayed there June 2-8 and really enjoyed it. Booked via BA and price included full breakfast (too expensive otherwise). The service was really great, with one small exception, and everyone was really helpful. The only exception was that they did not replace the writing pad when we used it up and we did not get clean glasses everyday. They asked us to fill out a survey before we left and we mentioned that. We received a letter from the hotel management with apologies for the situation. The room was always clean, the beds were comfortable. Great water pressure and lots of hot water. The breakfasts were great. We really enjoyed our stay there and would stay again.	
May 13 2005	Very enjoyable stay at the Lowndes	We stayed there for 3 nights at the end of April. All the positives I read about the hotel on TripAdvisor were true. With almost no waiting time, we were given a room upon arrival at 9am. Although our room was a bit small and some of the furniture seemed old, the facilities were in good condition and the room was clean. Their beds were very comfortable - almost the best I've ever had. The bathroom, though small, was clean and had very good water pressure. I can't say enough good things about their staff, both day and night shifts (front desk, concerige, restaurant staff). They were helpful and quick to accommodate our needs. The full English breakfast, which was included in our BA booking, was plentiful and of good quality. Location of the hotel was superb, especially for those who love to shop. Harrods, Harvey Nichols and other designer shops are all within walking distance. We felt very safe in the area. Also a quiet area at night and so even though our room was facing the street, we weren't disturbed by any noises. We truly enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would recommend to all our friends.	
Mar 30 2005	Great location and good rates	We enjoyed our stay in rooms (particularly bath rooms) that are a little small but very functional. Excellent concierge and front desk but restaurant service for breakfast was poor. Good rates booked through British Airways website. Would stay here again.	
Mar 25 2005	Wonderful Hotel	This was our first time to London and I was unsure as to the accomodations I could expect. We were so pleased with the Lowndes Hotel I can't say enough about it. Rooms were clean, cheerful, and had all the ammenities you would need. Restaurant was fantastic. We had breakfast every day and one dinner in the evening. Food and presentation both super. We stayed at the Lowndes for 5 nights and hated to leave.The staff was always friendly and greeted us daily whether we were on our way out or on our way in. The consierge Patrick was so helpful in every way. He gave us tips on transportation, got us taxi's when needed, arranged a tour for us and made a few phone calls in our behalf when we couldn't connect on our own. He was as friendly as can be.The location of this hotel was another plus. A few blocks from the Knightsbridge metro station and a block or two to the red bus stops. Many nice restaurants in the area, just ask at the desk. Shopping is everywhere!A block from Harrods and Harvey Nicks not to mention every other store immaginable. If and when we return to London the Lowndes Hotel will be the place we will stay. No hesitation at all. Feel free to e-mail me with questions.	
Feb 13 2005	Superb	My husband and I had just returned from UK a week ago. We travel to Scotland, York, Bath, London and Paris. The Lowndes Hotel - London is second to none when talking about staff service, helpfulness and thoughtfulness. From reception, concierge and restaurant, every staff is cheerful and was always ready to give a helping hand whatever you got a request. We came back from Paris one night very late around 10p.m and still haven't had dinner yet. The reception rang up the restaurant, which was almost time to have their last order,and inform them to wait for us for our super. They simply asked us to settle everything down first in our room and went down for dinner with no hurry. The restaurant staff are always wearing a warm smile and made you feel as comfortable as can be. Moreover, the concierge made every effort in helping us when he knew we want to rent a car for a day out and we were given a great discount, too! The day before we left UK back H.K, when the reception knew that we were on a late flight next night at 1005p.m, he kindly offer to check for us if a late check out the next day was possible on his own initiative. Everything from a casual meal to calling a taxi and said good-bye make us feel warmth, non-disguising and graceful. We will definitely come back if we are going to London next time. 	
Jan 22 2005	Absolutely loved the Lownes	My wife and I stayed at the Lowndes 6 nights starting 12/30/04. We have nothing but raves.Location: Belgrave Square is beautiful, charming, safe, upscale.Tube: Knightsbridge is 5 minute walk and straight shot to the theatres. Shopping: the stores are range from can't afford to look in the windows to very convenient. Restaurants: plenty and varied.Our room: queen bed, no smoking, great amenties. Can't ask for more than that. Bathroom exceeded our standards. Room was well decorated, and plenty large (#101), but we've stayed in larger rooms. Breakfast: included in the price and the best hotel breakfast we've ever had. Plentiful, varied and served by extremely pleasant staff.Conceirge and front desk: Terrific, helpful, pleasant, really caring.Overall: This is our 4th year spending New Years in London and the Lowndes is the BEST London Hotel we've ever stayed in.	
Dec 15 2004	Home Away From Home	I visit London 3-4 times yearly, and for the last 3 trips have stayed at the Lowndes. In a city where small rooms and equally smalls beds are the norm, the Lowndes provides queen or king size beds as standard. It is close to the Knightsbridge tube stop on the Picadilly line, so economical transport from Heathrow is easy. The breakfast is delicious. I just wish there was a Boots Store close by!	
Dec 7 2004	Enjoyed my stay		
Nov 21 2004	London Lover		
Oct 1 2004	Generally Good - But One Bad Incident		
Jun 3 2004	Very comfortable		
Mar 31 2004	Lovely Boutique Hotel		
Jan 26 2004	An elegant intimate and comfortable hotel		
Nov 12 2003	An elegant oasis		
Nov 10 2003	Very nice		
Sep 11 2003	Lowndes a great find!		
Jul 26 2003	Wonderful Hotel		
May 29 2009 	Hotel de lujo para una escapada		
