Oct 11 2009 	Not worth to check in	We booked a double bedroom for 3 nights via a hotel booking portal 7 months in advance to arrival date and received one of the last available rooms at our late night arrival we gave advance note of.The room can be describe as a lumber-room only enough room to put a &quot;double bed&quot; (approx 1.40 x 1.80m size) in it, nearly no space left to move.The bed has been in an absolutly disasterous condition (way too small for two adults, a totally worn-out mattress), so we had 3 awful nights for 184 GBP in total (approx. 290 US-$ or 197 EURO).At least the hotel was located close to public transport and the room was clean.	
Oct 5 2009	Nightmare on Gloucester Terrace	The receptionist was more interested in reading her newspaper than checking me in. The rooms were advertised as non-smoking but the smoke smell was awful once I got to my basement room which, by the way, was way below standard of how the representitive room appeared on the website.I had safety concerns with being in the basement as well. Due to health concerns I had to check out of the hotel immediately.	
Sep 22 2009 	NEVER EVER EVER AGAIN!!!!	As a young couple we decided to stay here even after reading the lousey reviews from other guests as we thought we wasn't too picky - as long as we had a bed to sleep in for the three nights that we intended to stay. After all - we intended to go out for the full days and evenings to make the most of our time in London- WHAT A MISTAKE!Upon arrival all seemed okay. The recpetionist was polite and gave us our room card key- they even let us check in a little earlier than 2pm free of charge. However our first good impressions were soon shattered as we entered bedroom number 101.Upon enetering the room- the room was tiny, just enough space to walk around the bed, with the tiniest and smelliest wardrobe ever. We decided that yes it wasn't great but it would do for the few nights that we intended to stay in London as we were only using the room to sleep. We headed out to London.We returned to go to bed around 10pm so we was fresh for the next day. However .......once settled and ready to sleep, the sound of the underground subway was horrendous, every five minutes the whole room vibrated!This continued until 12:30am, and started again at 5:30am! As you can guess we did not stay another night and transferred to another hotel the next morning as this would have spoilt our stay. Do not go to this hotel. We were absolutely disgusted! Darren and Naomi, Nottinghamshire.	
Sep 21 2009 	Excellent value we made a good choice	We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights, we just needed a base somewhere clean to wash and sleep and we were on a tight budget, so this hotel was perfect for us.The hotel was within walking distanc from Paddington station and central line underground. There is a 24 hour desk staff on duty who are very friendly and helpful, andthere is a good continental breakfast or for a small charge a full english is avalable BUT unfortunately the staff in the breakfast room are not at all friendly but heigh we wern't there to see them.The room is rather small but has all you need for a base. Tea/coffee, t.v, hair dryer, all rooms are en-suite and the towels are changed daily and the room is also cleaned daily. In all excellent value for money and we would definately stay there again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Bad service	We stayed for 4 nights in what we think was a single room al though we booked a double room and the bed was in so bad condition with a big whole in the middle ,we complained at once and they promised to change our bed or room the next day but nothing happen,then we complained again the next day but still nothing happens,also the third day we try again but it was the same results.One of the mornings we was served 2 pots of cold coffee,and when we told the servants the didn't even bother to change our cups we have to do it our self.Only positive thing was the lokation near Paddington station and the weather those 4 days.peter@10mb.dk	
Jul 4 2009 	Goodbasic hotel	Stayed 2 nights in this hotel. The hotel was an easy,level walk less than 10 minutes from Paddington Station .Our room was small and pretty basic but also clean and the staff were friendly and helpful.The continental breakfast was good and there was plenty of it for £5. We didn't try the full english breakfast but it looked good. There's a small room to leave bags if you don't want to drag them around with you after you check out. While we were staying at the hotel we went to a concert at Wembley Stadium and used Brevet cab company based in Wembley to take us back to the hotel. They provided an excellent service even phoning us after the gig to make sure we could find our way to the pick-up point.	
Jun 27 2009 	Buyer Beware	Booked hotel through agent for a twin room and email confirmation confirmed type of room and booking. Rang Hotel week prior to arrival to check if I could store my case at midday to which I was told yes no problem and they informed me that the booking was for a double room. I corrected them and confirmed no it was for a twin room - no problem they said, we will change room type and ensure you have a twin room. Upon arriving at hotel I was told again the booking was for a double room and had to correct them again to which they confirmed it would not be a problem and they would change it to a twin room. Went off shopping and returned at 7.00 pm to be given a key to a twin room. Upon entering the room it was already occupied by other guests. The hotel had messed up and only had a double room available. We argued till we were blue in the face and also tried to book somewhere else but all hotels were fully booked with it being Wimbledon. We had no option but to accept the double room for the first night which was so small, stuffy, smelt and noisey. Second day we were moved to twin room but upon returning to the room in the evening after a day long work conference we entered the lift which then stuck between floors - so frightening. We were released quite quickly from the lift and went to bed. At 3.00 am someone set off the fire alarm and so we had to stand in our night clothes on the street for 40 mins. Never again will I stay in this hotel. The only reasonable aspect was the breakfast restaurant and food which was acceptable.	
Mar 3 2009 	Not impressed at all	Two Friends and I stayed at this hotel in the febuary half term, as it was cheap and had a tripple room.When We arrived at this hotel I was told i could not pay by Cash and card had to pay by one or the other. We were then given a room on the 1st floor which was absoultly digusting a funny smell in the bathroom ( which was tiny) and in the wardrobe. Costomer service was decent was given a new room on the 4th floor which to be frank was too small for 3 people although was much cleaner but also hotter and the lift wasnt working.. which isint great for 3 girls carrying alot of shoes.  I will never return to that awful hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	standards have slipped	Have stayed here 5 times over the past 10 years and have seen the standards of this place gradually slipping. Went down last year for the Springsteen concert and was very dissappointed in this hotel. It's ok if you just want somewhere to sleep,it's in a decent area....down the road from Paddington station and round the corner from Hyde park. If this place has a complete makeover I would definitely stay here again, but until then...	
Feb 8 2009	Good value hotel - would come back	I stayed for 2 nights while visiting London and had a comfortable pleasant stay. Room was clean and warm, TV and could make a cup of tea in room. Close to Paddington station was very convenient.If returning to London, I would stay again.	
Feb 1 2009 	At least it was pretty cheap...	I stayed in this hotel on the 28th of January 2009 with my wife because it is close to Paddington station, and it was the cheapest on offer. We were returning from Bangkok and had not slept for the best part of 28 hours. Imagine my delight when the chap manning reception left us waiting aimlessly in the foyer for 5 minutes while he finished his cigarette outside the front door, ignoring us and chatting to his mate. If it weren't for the fact I was only forking out 40 quid for the stay, I'd have left there and then. I don't need to be given a red carpet to walk on, but I do rather expect to be given priority over a cigarette when I'm checking in. What classy service; not the best first impression. The room itself was actually not the smallest I've suffered in London, and was fortunately only on the 2nd floor since the lifts were not working. The double bed however was two single beds I am guessing were never intended to be joined, since they began with a large and prominent lump the length of the centre beneath the thin sheet, and then gradually moved away from each other as the night wore on, leaving me wedged in a somewhat undignified fashion in the developing gap... The bathroom was disgusting. The floor tiles were pretty filthy and streaked black around the toilet and the shower was hideous. Strange clumps of miscellaneous grot clung to the edges of the shower tray. The plug was blocked and didn't even pretend to drain, at all. However, the TV worked fine and the window opened. The electronic lock worked first time on the door (amazing!) and there was tea and coffee in the room. It was warm and for 40 quid in central London, I am not too bothered about the rude staff and the grim bathroom. I have stayed in much worse places, although they have all been in the third world.	
Jan 29 2009 	Good budget hotel will def book again	To be honest when i booked the hotl and ead these reviews was going to cancel but i decided to go for it . well i was very surpised , hotel is clean staff is very feindly they do have a conversation and they did help with luggages they even gave us extra time in room after checking out time .what can you expect more from budget hotel room s and towels were everyday done , breakfast was not big however this is not a 5 star so it s more than enough as for the noise , you do hear some underground noises but let be true how much time is spent in hotel during the day ? underground close at night so maybe an hour you hear just a small noicetwo tubes are close to hotel so what could one need more , i would recommed if its a small short break in busy london ;)	
Jan 11 2009 	Shocking... Stay away!	Hotels.com are advertising this hotel as a 3-star. When I checked in, the staff decided to try to get me to pay for my stay again having already pre-paid. This started a stand-up row during which I asked them whether they had ever heard of customer service or the phrase &quot;the customer is King&quot;. They told me that it &quot;very much depends on the customer&quot; and clearly considered me to be out of order for not simply paying twice. After I pointed out that I actually live in the area and would not be on the next plane to somewhere far away like the majority of their guests, they finally calmed down enough to let me check in. They have me Room 101. Literally. The room was DISGUSTING. It was tiny and smelled like something had died under the bed. There were dubious stains on the tissue box and others on the chipped woodwork next to the bed. This week Christopher Rodrigues, chairman of VisitBritain, warned that 50,000 jobs could be lost this year in the hotel industry. This hotel should be the first to go if there is any justice in the world.	
Dec 10 2008 	Was much more better than I expected....	I stayed in Brunel in the beginning of July 2008. After reading all these reviews here I could say I was a bit nervous! First thing I want to say - it is TOTALLY NORMAL HOTEL, NO NEED TO BE WORRYED!!!! But generally, it is a really good budget hotel, so dont need to expect luxury there. Location is perfect, staff is friendly, even very friendly ( they will find an answer to all your questions no matter what Your gonna ask ) and helpful and for that mony it is perfect place! After all you dont go to London to spend all time in the hotel, aren´t You?! Yes, there were problems with elevator and breakfast wasnt the best one, but still its not a 5 star hotel, so dont expect anything super. Its a normal hotel for a person who wants to stay in the centre of town with low budget. And all these reviews about the cleanness and staff beeing unpolite -totally wrong!! At least my room was totally clean - and I was staying in standard room.... So, if you have booked a budget hotel then I´ll think theres no need to complain after even if you had some problems! I can totally reccomend it!!	
Oct 5 2008 	VERY noisy room	Actually I should have stood at a different hotel of the Crystal series but they had to relocate me &quot;because of maintenance problems&quot;. They arranged a taxi transfer to Brunel hotel where I was given a tiny room in the basement. I could hear the underground trains going by every 2-5 minutes so clearly as if a station was next to my room. The kettle turned on randomly (without water!) for some split-seconds, making loud clicking sounds. To make things worse the room was right opposite the breakfast room (~ 6-7 m from bed to breakfast table!) so starting from 7 am constant coming and going. This was definitely the worst stay I ever had. I recommend not accepting any rooms in the basement at all if you have to stay here.Breakfast was very basic, there are lots of restaurants really close that offer much more value for the money, not talking about the atmosphere of a window-less basement breakfast room.	
Aug 14 2008 	basic	after reading some slightly dubious reviews of this hotel, i really wasn't looking forward to staying! however, it wasn't as bad as i thought it would be. yes, the room was very basic (and had a rather odd smell...) and the bathroom was the tiniest room i have ever been in! also, the staff weren't the friendliest bunch...but on the other hand, the hotel is in a really great location (lots of shops and places to eat nearby and paddington tube station a 2 min walk) and its fine if you won't be spending much time there. however, i dont think that i would stay here again!	
Jun 5 2008 	Average Room for a reasonbale price	Booked through lateroom as I was staying in London for work and had stayed in the area at the Best Western Paddington Court the week previous.I was expecting a total hole after reading the reports on this site however after checking in and getting to my room I was pleasently suprised. The room was on the 3rd floor, it was light, airey, and there was enough space. The bathroom was small, however I paid £55 per night so I was not expecting a suite.You do get the tube vibrations up until about 11.30pm and from about 6am but its not something that kept me up.If your looking for budget accomodation in Bayswater its worth a look, the local eateries are also very good.	
Apr 17 2008 	Utterly disgusting not fit to be called a hotel!!!!!!!	We actually booked in to this hotel and left after we had gone for dinner and located somewhere decent.It was absolutely gross! The room was the size of our utility cupboard at home, and very smelly. In fact it smelt of poo very badly and the entrance to it smelt of tcp.The bed was tiny, and the mattress filthy. The walls were very dirty, and burnt above the light fitting.The bathroom scared me, and I didn't want to even go in there, but upon inspection it was dirty, cramped and the stink was unbeliveable.Do not stay there!!!! Not fit for my cats, let alone humans!!!	
Apr 5 2008 	Oh dear	Oh dear! Yes this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.The rooms are terrible. Tiny as a closet and ugly cramped and uncomfortable.The location is great, which was why I chose it to be close to Paddington station.The staff are a mixed bunch. Some of them are almost pythonesque in their complete indifference to the wellbeing of the guests. Others are sweet but ineffectual.Give this one a miss.	
Mar 27 2008 	Worst Ever In The World!!!!!	Please everyone stay away from this hotel if people stop going they will have to shut down!!! I stayed at this hotel over the easter weekend with my daughter aged 8 and my mum and dad, thank goodness i never brought my baby as i would of left as soon as i arrived!!! Firstly the room we stayed which should of been for my self and 2 children was smaller than my box room you literally had to climb over the bed to move, this is where i booked also for my baby although there was no cot and no room for a cot when i asked reception about this there answer was well we never charged you for the baby!!!! although it did cost us £400 for 2 nights i also asked for my room to be changed as i was not happy in fact i felt like crying as it felt like i had walked back into the 80s not only that it was filthy and you had to shut the bathroom door to be able to move in the bathroom which was like a cupboard!!!! they said they could not change the room and could not reimburse our money, so my dad furious at this point asked to see the manager to be told he would not be in till monday our day of departure, had my daughter not been with us we would of left but she was so excited to see the sights of london we stayed, all i can say is i am still itching 4 days later from sleeping in the beds, the breakfast was the worst breakfast i have ever tasted all warmed straight from the fridge so on the second day we went out for breakfast!!! DISGUSTING HOW IN THIS DAY AND AGE IN THE CAPITAL OF THE UK PLACES LIKE THIS CAN STILL BE IN BUSINESS!!!!! MY ADVICE STAY WELL AWAY!!!!!	
Feb 29 2008 	Warning to business travellers	Do be honest to get a hotel for £50 in London what are you going to really expect? So maybe need to take comments with a pinch of salt.Lift very very small and really only fits one person.Door room card key took four attempts with me running up and down the stairs to get it re-coded. Finally the receptionist had to come up and use another card.Rooms very small (small for even London standards)Generally maintance and cleanliness very poor. Random items left on stairs, Doors propped open with fire extinguishers.Room condition just as bad. Toilet bowl stained water did not drain out of sink, shower head provided but no where to hang it on the wall. Water pressue very low so I doubt shower would have worked anyway.Bed mattress very used and bumpy and not sure if any creppy crawley in the bed as well so tried to sleep on top of the covers. Personally on the night I stayed found outside noise interupted sleep which ended up being approx 2 hrs as hotel noise started 5.30 am A College of mine was in another room which he had to move ot of during the night as he heard something scratching under the bed.Generally I do try and give a fair and balance views but on this occasion I would not ever go there again or recommend. If there had to be anything positive at all the only thing is its location near to Paddington. My advise ensure you read Trip Advisor before booking.	
Dec 18 2007 	Location	If you are a tourist and don't want to spend your time in a hotel room this is a place for you. Room was very very small (just bed and a small table) and so bathroom with the shower, but it was clear. What is the best about this hotel is the location. It is just 100m from Paddington station on the Circle line which can take you to all the sights in London and there is also the first bus stop of many bus lines so you are the only passenger on the stop and you can take a place right in front of the upper window and have a sightseening tour nearly for free. Yes, it is a little bit noisy place because the hotel stands on the crossroad and above the tube line (so you can hear it while passing under :) but it is not so bed. I think it is a good offer for that money. And if you just want to have a bed and breakfast it is a great place to stay over night.Martin	
Oct 5 2007 	Close to Paddington Station	To be honest, I expected something better. Since we were in London for the sights and not to spend time at the hotel, it was ok for that purpose only. They put us in what I think was their last available room. Totally in the basement and VERY small. Small window with a view looking up to the street. Nothing like the pictures we saw on the internet. Clean sheets were folded on the bed and we ended up making the beds ourselves. But as mentioned, the location is perfect if you fly into London Heathrow Airport. Train to Paddington, 7 minute walk and you are at the hotel. For that reason only, I would stay there again.	
Jul 20 2007 	They took off the curtains!	The hotel is simple but clean and organized. Everything was fine until, in our last day, they just took off the curtains of our room, leaving us with a huge window, in front of the street. They said they do that every 6 months for cleaning. Except for this unacceptable inconvenience, the hotel would be ok.	
May 11 2007 	Oh my god!	My family (parents, brother and I (18)) stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and I can say that I would NOT come back for another stay or recommend it. We had expected that the rooms would not be too big, so it was ok and I have to say that everything was clean, BUT the bathroom can not be called room, because it was smaller than a wardrobe!! Water in the shower was hot and everything, but the drain was not really good and one had to wait about half an hour till all the water was gone!!! The double-bed was really VERY small and furniture in general was quite used and a bit shabby. The elevator was old and it took ages to get on - PLUS - one was able to go till the 3rd floor - what about the people on the fourth?? We had to carry up our luggage on this narrow stairs. Breakfast itself was ok, but the room in which it was served was totally HORRIBLE!! No windows, down in the cellar, cold ... one felt like in prison!!The staff was unfriendly and not at all helpful! One had the impression that you should do something for them and not the other way round. As somebody else mentioned in another statement on this hotel, we wanted to leave our luggage in the hotel for some hours, after the check out - the room they showed us was a simple catastrophy!!! Dirty, full of old, damaged stuff ... have not seen anything like this before...One or two good things about it - close to Hyde Park, tube and everything and not noisy during nighttime.	
May 5 2007	Could have been a *lot* better!	I booked the Brunel Hotel as a last-minute option for a few days stay in London as the location seemed ideal (situated near the Bayswater area) and the price seemed reasonable. However:*) The double room I booked was found to be very close, if not directly, under the underground 'Tube' line and the train passing could be heard extremely clearly. I was advised by a member of staff that this would halt after 11pm, but I was not convinced - the Tube would re-start in the early morning regardless!!!*) The same double room had a shower cubicle that had undistinquishable stains on it's floor.After asking for another room, I then received:* ) A single room where the wash basin had no useable plug and,* ) An outside door which did not lock, either from the outside or from the inside.Verdict: Never again in my life.Advice: The hotel is cheap enough, but from my personal experience, you get what you pay for and a lot, lot less - book with caution.	
Feb 18 2007 	great stay	I'm a 30 year old woman from the Netherlands. I stayed at the Brunel from 3 jan until 9 jan 2007 in a groundfloor room on the street side of the hotel and I had a great stay. Yes the room was tiny and a bit noisy because the hotel is located on a very busy street, but the noise subsided in the evening and hey I'm on vacation and when I'm on vacation I want to see the sites and not stay in my hotelroom all day, so how much room do I need. I just want a good bed and that is what I got. The television was for me a bonus. The bathroom was smal but had a bath and shower in one and everything was old though clean. The breakfast was great and the staff friendly. The only strange thing was that the one night I returned to the hotel late the front door was locked for security reasons, but a stafmember opened it for me in no time. The hotel is greatly located with 2 underground stations and a railwaystation within a 5 minute walk. Also there are several restaurants, pubs, fast food places and supermarkets nearby. It was all I wanted and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 3 2007 	If you know it you avoid it	We were a group of 12 and visited this hotel fron 29 dec. 2006 till 2 jan. 2007.Only one of the five rooms that whe rent was accettable:the two triple bedded were little also for two bed, and my double (room nr. 101) was a single room with a bed a little more large than a single bed.In another room, water fell from ceiling on the bed, when the guys in the chamber of the superior floor used their shower.The forniture in all the rooms was old and damaged.The bathrooms are absolutely little (and in bad conditions too).The personel unpreparedThe elevator was constantly out of order.	
Jul 16 2006	Hated it	Stayed here at the spur of the moment after following the world cup through Germany. Did not realise that wimbledon was happening in London and needed to book a hotel a day before arriving in London. Unfortunatley for us because of Wimbledon the Brunel was the only hotel available with a 2 night vacancy. The room was located on the 4th floor and the lift only takes you to the 3rd floor. My partner had to carry our very heavy bags up a steep flight of steps that seemed to be located in a small atic area. The room was small and the bathroom the size of a linen cupboard although the shower worked and the water was hot. The linen was clean and the tv very small. The lock on the door was broken which forced us to put our luggage against the door before we went to sleep at night. We did not have breakfast included. The staff on the front desk seemed friendly and on check out we asked if we could leave our bags in the luggage room for a couple of hours. However we soon changed our minds when we saw the room as it looked like a small outhouse in the backyard with not much room for anything. We retrieved our bags and made a hasty retreat never to return again I promise. At the rate of 65 pounds for the first night and 70 pounds for the second night there are much better rooms available in London.	
Jun 11 2006	Don't stay here	I stayed here 2 separate nights on my way to and from Rome. The only thing it has going for it is location. Other than that, it's a terrible hotel.The lobby area is a smoking area. On my first day there, I didn't notice it (i guess there weren't alot of people smoking that day). However, when I went to check in on my second stay there, I was overwhelmed by the cigarette smoke in the lobby and I started coughing and felt like I was choking (I have allergies). I even had to step outside in the middle of signing my reciept cause I couldn't take it. When I told the man at the desk that the smoke smell was bothering me, he just looked at me like I was the weird one and said nothing.I had a single room which was so small. You could feel the springs in the bed. The first night the sheets looked clean. On the second stay, they didn't look like they were changed. I slept on the top cover. The bathroom was tiny even by european standards. The fan in the bathroom was loud and didn't do anything to clear the steam. It was only May and the room was so hot. I had to sleep with the window open which was on a street side. Didn't sleep well either night.I left early in the morning both days so never had breakfast.If you like hostels, I guess you wouldn't mind this place. I know that I will never stay here again.	
Jun 1 2006	Bad security	The room was okay for the value but here are a couple of bad experience we had:1) the elevator was never working2) theft---our room was broken in and things were stolen. Worse was that the staff was not helpful at all. It was almost fishy the way the staff reacted to the theft. We had to report to the police. I would not recommend this hotel at all. We didn't feel safe. Also avoid the Indian restaurant across the hotel, it was a total rip off. Not to sound completely bitter, everything else in that area was nice = ]	
Apr 3 2006	All things considered a plessant surprise!	After reading the reviews here before I left, I was hoping for the best and expecting the worst.We had no troubles checking inn. The lift was so small and slow that it made us laugh. Our room was on the third floor and it was TINY... just a bed and maybe 4 m2 floor. It seemed clean and the bed linen was clean. The bathroom was basically a closet but it was clean, it had hot and cold water and water pressure! I didn't try the breakfast so I can’t comment on that.It's located just one block from the Landcaster Gate Metro station so getting around was a breeze. I would gladly stay at the Brunel again, basic but OK!	
Feb 9 2006	Value for money	This hotel is superbly situated, less then 5 min. walking distance of Padington Station. Also, in the direct neighbourhood, there are a shopping centre, several supermarkets, various underground connections, etc. The hotel itself is quite good. A great breakfast (croissant, yoghurt, jam, tea/ coffee, danish paistries,grapefruit/ orange juice, etc. etc., friendly staff, (though most do not speak English fluently), and a reasonable room (including coffee and tea facilities on the rooms). The bathroom was old, but not dirty. Just quite old and worn. Bed was good. Overall an enjoyable hotel, especially if you don't pay more than about €70 a night for a double room. Otherwise, you may expect more from the hotel.	
Nov 17 2005	Brunel Hotel what a laugh	We stayed 2 nights late in October. The lift had broken that day, (I don't think so), we lugged our bags to the 4th floor, a total of 196 stairs. (Receptionist sorry about the lift and upgraded our breakfast to the full one, however, this was not honoured by the morning staff). The room was tiny, if you tossed off the blankets, they would have gone out the window. Very hot as the heat rose. Room clean. The room was worth a laugh, but we would not stay there again. Recommend the Lancaster Hall, youth annexe around the corner.	
Oct 2 2005	Close to Paddington Station		
Sep 11 2005	You get what you pay for?		
Nov 27 2004	mould in the bathroom		
Nov 19 2004	Beware overpriced hostel- Not even close to a one star		
Oct 17 2004 	One to avoid		
May 17 2004	Location location		
Apr 13 2004	Perfect		
Apr 10 2004	Lovedit!!!!		
Nov 2 2003	Avoid this hotel		
Nov 18 2009 	Non Male		
Sep 22 2009 	???????		
Aug 16 2009 	sucio descuidado baños tercermundistas y no hablan nada español		
Aug 11 2009 	acogedor y con buena relación calidad/precio		
Apr 27 2009 	A éviter		
Mar 31 2009 	Acogedor y buen sitio		
Feb 2 2009 	Très bien		
Jan 20 2009	Hotel nella via di Dylan Dog		
Oct 1 2008 	Una buena opción para visitar Londres		
Sep 9 2008 	Mejor de lo previsto		
May 3 2008 	Asslutamente da evitare!		
Feb 9 2008	Buena relación calidad/precio		
Jan 2 2008 	Terribile non ci andate !!!		
Nov 29 2007	Da evitare il Brunel Hotel London		
Nov 17 2007 	Estupendo todo		
Oct 31 2007 	n'y allez pas!		
Jul 16 2007 	un hotel nefasto		
May 18 2007 	PESSIMO!!!!!		
May 17 2007 	Pasamos 4 noches en la tercera planta con el ascensor roto		
Dec 23 2006	plus jamais		
Dec 10 2006 	Un hotel dignitoso		
Jun 1 2006	perfetto		
