Oct 7 2009 	I would rather die then come back here	We booked a room for 5 people on the internet, and they didnt inform us that we would be charged 5% using a foreign credit card, if we had known we would have paid the full amount on the internet. The hotel Beds were so bad, I think my dad's backache has just kicked in again! the toilets needless to say was small like my DOGs hut and the rooms was a total mess, they threw linen everywhere and the towels just like mention above was disgusting! The internet WIFI can only be access through the lobby, and for your information you cant call from the room, you need to come to reception to call in front of the receptionist! The whole place stinks and I have decided to write to the tourism board as soon as I get back, its just plain terrible! if you would have to spend 75 pounds anyway just go some where else! seriously! I cant wait to see this hotel shut down!breakfast - gosh its so not continental man! its worst then my school canteen food. its just white bread and jam, they dont even bother to refil the jam when its finish! I promise you if you ever come to this place you will cry and suffer so forget it! will show you some pictures when I can	
Aug 13 2009 	One of lousiest hotels ever!	The rooms are tiny and filthy. Breakfast is very very poor and cheap.Location is good but it don't compensate for how bad this place is.The bad was tiny and the sheets were not clean. The towels seemd like they were used several time and were'nt washed at all.	
Jun 13 2009 	the worst experience in my live	Was the first time that my parents leave my country foor a nice holidays,i am living in london about three years, i do not want that nothing similar happen to nobody,i booked a room in the Whiteleaf hotel in London,Inverness terrace,on the first nigth they did not clean my room at all but the big point was on the second nigth when i cacth one guy inside my room with his hand inside my bag with me and my parents inside the room i went straigth to the reception and nobody was there when the guy appear just told me i was dreaming or drunk,we call the police and they recomemnd to me leave the hotel because the door was not force,i am trying to they refund my money because i booked one week and i had to look for another hotel but they told me the policy is 72 h notice but i think this is not a regular situation,they do not want to refund anything and the guy from the reception told me was not fair to call the police because is bad reputation for the hotel.I am not crying for money imagine how scare we were and nobody help us.... this is my experience in this hotel.Thank you very much Whitleaf to became my family holidays a complete disaster.	
Jun 3 2009 	The worst experience ever! also do not park outside!	Let me just post my eventual letter to them - should be self explanatory!Dear sirs, After achieving no satisfaction by telephone I am writing to express my total dissatisfaction with your service and to request a refund of at least £70.00.On the 28th April 2009 I booked a 2 night stay at your hotel.I do have to say why we booked your hotel in the first place – we had a wedding do to go to in St. James, we needed somewhere not too expensive to get a London cab back to. We also needed secure parking for the two nights and knew a local car park that would take care of us.Firstly you required my card details by email – this is not a secure method and should never be used. It is not recommended by my bank so I used two emails and a telephone call to spread out the details to make it more secure. This should have been my first warning sign.Secondly 10 minutes before arrival at your hotel on the 23rd May I received a call saying you had an electrical problem and we would have to relocate to another hotel 8 miles away for the first night and then come back to you for the second. As we were almost arriving I decided to stop at your hotel and see if we could work something out.  Your receptionist and another chap proceeded to tell me that despite there being at least another 4 hotels on your road that nothing was available. They both said that we would have to move from Bayswater to Earls Court. This hotel in earls court was one that one of your receptionists said was his and he worked there also and it would be ok. Your receptionist offered us two basic singles in Bayswater which we proceeded to view. I stated to your receptionist that I was parked directly outside on a single yellow and was worried about a ticket. He stated that he could see our car and would keep an eye out but that it was free on a Saturday.  We proceeded to view a couple of basic singles which consisted of a put-up bed and a sink. This was not acceptable. Whilst going through the hotel there was no sign of an electrical failure. I asked what had gone wrong and was told that something had blown but would be repaired tomorrow. We were quite frankly bullied into going to the other hotel. I asked for a refund and we would sort ourselves out but this was not possible either apparently. We walked outside to proceed to the sister hotel and found that we had a £60 ticket – your receptionist had disappeared now = funny that!We drove to the other hotel at approx 12pm and found the room acceptable. To minimise the hassle we asked if we could just stay there for the two nights and were told that that would be fine. The gentleman receptionist there was much more accommodating – even suggesting parking options which your other people didn’t seem to know about in Bayswater.On Sunday morning as we proceeded to go out for the day we were called back and told that we would have to move back to the original hotel again. To move again after we had been told we could stay where we were would have been pure hassle. This was supposed to be a relaxed weekend in town and you had turned it into a nightmare with a parking ticket on top! We spoke to your receptionist and said that we would prefer to stay. He said you wouldn’t allow it. We understood that it was a sister hotel so why the hassle? He said that it would not be acceptable for us to stay there and we would have to pay. I said that we wouldn’t move – it was too late notice. We had moved our plans for you but you would not move for us.I had to pay the second hotel £65 for our second night as you wouldn’t authorise our stay. Overall your treatment of us has been shoddy. You moved us out of our way and then expected us to lug everything back after we had been told that it would be fine for us to stay put. Your receptionist cost us a parking ticket. Quite frankly as we were the only people moved to the sister hotel and there being no sign of an electrical failure I feel that you had overbooked.Please do the right thing and refund £70. Please remember that we have the opportunity to publish our opinion on the website we booked through and we will take that opportunity to tell others what they can expect.Regards	
Apr 27 2009 	We found cockroaches in the bathroom!!!!!	The hotel is in a great location, and i was only expecting a very basic room for the money we paid. However, as in any hotel I did expect fresh clean towels and bed linen, which did not happen for the duration of our visit! The hotel also advertises A kettle, hairdryer, and trouser press, which were no where to be found in our room.Our second to last evening we found cockroaches in the bathroom, and decided that was the final straw, we left the following morning! I did request a refund for the evening we would not be staying. The assistant behind the desk was not very helpful and informed me of a 24hr cancellation policy which i was already aware of, but it was not my fault that the hotel was un hygenic, and would not recommend or stay there again!	
Apr 10 2009 	excellent locationbut hotel is in very poor contion	rooms are very bare,furniture old and dirty carpet the same.nothing works properly.breakfast very basic,cheap cornflakes and bread.will not be returning!!!!	
Nov 14 2008 	Cheap Hotel Excellent Location	I can only write a review of how I see this hotel and will be completely honest. Ok We stayed for 5 evenings and just used the hotel as a base as my partner and I had not been to London before and wanted to sight see more than anything else. The room which we had was very clean and was cleaned everyday and bed sheets etc changed every day. The room was quite small but everything worked....heating; kettle; lights; hot water; shower; toilet; television; hairdryer (occassionally). There was tea and coffee in the rooms and sure they would supply you with the correct items if required. The hotel is very well placed and is adjacent to Bayswater underground and also very near Queensway underground and bus route is right outside too. Don't know if all the rooms are ok of course but if you want breakfast in the morning don't expect a fry up but you get coffee cornflakes and toast with jam. Yes there is a smell of curry but the owners also own the curry house downstairs so of course as that is also part of there business the hotel is going to smell of curry but it isn't overpowering. They are helpfull as we needed to find the nearest chemist one day and they helped with this. So in summary if you want a cheap no frills hotel and don't expect too much (people want far too much these days) then this is the hotel for you. I am totally impartial and nothing at all to do with the hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Enjoy your stay!!!! at white-leaf	The Hotel is very well located near Bayswater tube station and restaurants, but at the same time in a quiet street. The location was perfect for us to visit our desired toursit destinations including Dianna's Palace that was just a five minute walk away. Our room was nice and cosy with our own bathroom and toilet that was clean. I'm sure we will be returning.	
Sep 29 2008 	Want to see BED BUGS AND BLOOD STAINS...Visit this hotel	Myself and My collegue stayed in the hotel.It was full of bed bugs and worst bedsheets and bed rolls with rotten smell all over..Without knowing the quality we booked the hotel for long stay and hence we went to complain on this to the manager.They found the reason for bed bug may be we would have bought it from our office...may be rotten smell as well !...God Sake even if they offer money for staying in their Room Dont Take itRegardsPrabhu	
Jun 23 2008 	Most terrible place I have ever been	Stayed over the weekend. We had no hot water at all!!! The beds were absolutly uncomfortable and we had just 2 slices of bread for breakfast and some jam. The haidryer was not working as well. Had to go to another room (which was a departure and therefore still a mess). Asked for a refund but there was no way to get one.Never ever again!!!	
Jun 12 2008 	PATHETIC Whiteleaf Hotel! Never stay there unless you have NO MONEY!	These people don't know what they are doing...LIST OF PROBLEMS:PLACE:1) Light bulbs were broken.2) Lighting was pathetic (it looked as if you were in a stadium!)3) Windows wouldn't shut4) Pipes were extremely noisy.5) The shower was useful for people under 1.60 meters...6) The light interruptor consisted of a rope hunging from the toilet's ceiling... 7) The smell of the entire place is terrible!!! (and they solved it by using sprays...)8) We had a balcony (our room was 104, right above the hotel's entrance) - we could not access it since the bed hardly fit in the room...9) They told us they gave us ONE OF THEIR BEST rooms...10) The balcony had never been cleaned (never ever!). It had some broken chairs and no table or anything to make good use of it...)SERVICE:1) Never cleaned our room/toilet2) Never changed our towels (and, even when they gave us new ones, they smelled terribly). 3) Never changed our blankets in 4 days.4) The floor was never cleaned either.5) If you used the tea that they left in the room, they would not leave more the following day (some days, they would not even leave two cups and plates)6) We needed to charge some batteries (and did not have English plugs) - they had only 1 available for the entire hotel7) Breakfast: you can not break fast with that! The ONLY thing that they offered was toasts with butter and marmelade... Orange juice was pathetic!!! (it looked like orange water...)8) The room where breakfast was served was filthy as well...9) In the site I booked the hotel, they said internet was availabe - it was not! (and it is not easy to find an open wifi network in London...)IMPORTANT:* DO NOT pay in advance!* They charged us 3.5% because we paid with credit card!!!! MY RECOMMENDATION: I would never ever stay there again. No matter what problem you had, these people would not help to solve it. There are 2 women working there (that take care of everything: laundry, making rooms, making breakfast). So, they just can't take care of everything correctly (they are really filthy themselves...)	
May 11 2008 	Fawlty Towers???	Where to begin? The drab red lettering on the frontal facade was our sure start for a &quot;bad&quot; weekend. On our booking we were told we could check in (pre arranged) at 10am, we travelled from 4 am bear in mind from Devon.Upon arrival we were duly told by the &quot;to the point&quot; receptionist that we couldnt check in until 2pm, also that we could leave our bags behind the counter (assuming then that reception is NEVER left alone?)Finally - we were told that we &quot;had&quot; booked and could pay our bill in total on arrival, which we did. Now - we booked a room for four, as there were two men, one woman and a minor, so we were assuming a 4 single bed, bedroom or even a Double and 2 singles. NOT the case. One room with a twin, and one with a double.So after we pay our &quot;bill&quot; we head to the room thats clean, change and leave for the day. Upon a brief stop back for essential supplies (forgotten when departing) we are told we cannot get into the room as its being cleaned - OUR PERSONAL BELONGINGS ARE IN THE ROOM!Heated debate ensues and im allowed into the room, where its cleaned and all is as it was. The rooms? Small, couldnt swing a cat, a rat bait behind the sink pedestal, low shower heads, iron burns on carpet floors, lights handing from fittings.Now as a former electrician and current member of hotel staff i can only say that the Cleaner has her work cut our as she serves toast at breakfast too and had done a fine job of the beds, but maybe a more prominent bit of maintenance work could be done all over.A step added to the &quot;breakfast room&quot;, changing the paintings - prints on the walls, re felting the &quot;balcony&quot; on the stairs, as its unsightly. I could dig for quite a while but feel it would be immorral.Please do avoid or simply approach with caution. I know next time i will return to my regular London Accomadation. THE GENERATOR in Kings Cross	
Apr 20 2008	worst hotel ever	this hotel was a real disappointment, it was old and the bathroom taps were creacked and barely working. it was freezing in london and we were not given blankets just a quit cover and a sheet. there was no hot water and adter an eighteen flight trom Australian we were shocked. My husband caught the ful there as he was so cold. oh i forgot to mention there are phone in every room but they dont work, so if you get a phone call from overseas yu have to go running downstairs to answer it at the front desk. it was a horrible place dont go there at all,	
Mar 10 2008	Really bad experience at the Whiteleaf!	This hotel used to be associated with a hotel chain. My sisters and I had booked a room for three. When we arrived early afternoon, the room was so bad my sister said &quot;we are not staying in this room!&quot; While I went to check out other possible rooms in the hotel, she had a mouse run out from under a broken bed and go into a hole in the wall! I could not find another room in the hotel for the three of us. The room that had been pictured on the website as a room for three didn't have walking room around the double bed for two with a single one in addition. We literally would have had to crawl over one another.Because it was after 2 p.m. when we finally made the decision that we would have to find somewhere else they still charged us for one night!!!! I tried to get back into the room to take some photos but they wouldn't let me as they said the room was closed for repairs. (This was 1 hr. after we left and I was so mad about the charge that I went back!)	
Feb 20 2008 	awfull awfull the most filthy hotel of London	We arrived at the hotel in the late afternoon, as soon as we entered in the hotel lobby, we noticed that it was smelling awfully. I asked to see the room and my son and my self ,could not believe what we saw. The broken wall lamps were hanging without any lampe shade, the blankets were full of bigs big stains, the shower full of hair and much much more. We could not simply overnight at that place. We went out for 15 minutes to try to find another hotel and we found one nice and clean hotel 5 minutes walking from Whiteleaf for the same price.We came back to Whiteleaf hotel and gave the message that we could not stay there because it was to filthy. The person at the reception answered that he was absolutely not interested to listen to me since so many guests had the same criticisims !!!!!! He charged me one night... Please don´t ever book this place... if you have money to loose send ti to &quot; doctors without borders&quot; .this hotel should definitely be closed if the owner does not want to do something with it.I just want to add that I have been travelling for 40 years around the world and it is the first time that I had to leave an hotel without overnighting because of dirth and bad smell.	
Feb 14 2008	below the standard	compared to continental european level, this hotel is far below standard but could fit the average category in overpriced London: tiny filthy rooms with old worn-out coil matresses (ideally for getting backpain over night) and old dirty carpets. It's never cold, because the rooms are overheated. For single rooms there is only one shower and one toilet for the entire hotel. The shower is too small to move around and half broken. Mind the steps when you go to the breakfeast room, they are very steep behind the door and without knowing you might fall down the stairways. Breakfeast: dirty, uncleaned tables. The only choice: cornflakes and milk. Toast is served by staff (friendly eastern european girls with only very broken english).Reception staff is friendly and helpful, especially Yousef who works weeks in a row without a break. I have never seen the hotel manager.In all: dirty, not confortable, twice as expensive and far below for what you would pay elsewhere in Europe	
Feb 9 2008 	definately good value	This hotel is definately good value in a very good location in london!I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and i would recommend to anyone, who is looking for good hotel rates in london.The reception was clean and nice and staff were very friendly and helpful. The staff also told me that the hotel was under new management and more improvements were planned for all the rooms with more amenities - good news for all travellers like me!!!My room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable, I also had a TV in my room and i was pleased with the overall room.Breakfast menu was also good and the breakfast selection was to my taste.I would stay at this hotel again. Thank you to all the staff and management at Whiteleaf hotel who made my stay enjoyable and pleasant.	
Jan 14 2008 	Do not stay here!	We stayed at the whiteleaf at the weekend and it was the worst hotel i have ever seen. We looked at 6 different rooms and they were all very dirty, there were holes everywhere, electrical cables were exposed, ceilings were boarded up above the bed - i could go on! The beds were so unfomfortable and we did not sleep for the noise in the ceiling (pipes os some kind). The breakfast was awful - a stale croissant and a piece of toast served in a dirty room. We had to pay when we arrived before seeing the rooms - do not do this!! Look at the rooms first - or just leave and find somewhere else. I would give it no stars if the option was there.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good location but poorly maintained facilities.	A good location but old and outdated furnishings. The bed was so poor that I never was able to sleep, springs stuck out everywhere. The bedroom was small and in much need of wall repairs and paint. The bathroom was in terrible shape, the sink faucet was falling apart, the shower head only had one stream of water flowing from it, the toilet seat was held in with only one bolt so it wasn't steady. It would have only taken a few fixes to make the room at least appear usable but it was obvious that the management did not care about the guest's comfort.	
Dec 13 2007 	Surely Not Like What I Read In Other Reviews	I spent two nights at whiteleaf hotel london, friendly and helpfull staff they have done new renovations i persume it was not as i was astonished by the previous reviews. I recomend it, nice location and good budget hotel in the city of london.	
Nov 12 2007 	Disgusting Filthy Hotel	We booked the hotel through Booking.com.Where do I start! I have never in my life experienced anything as bad as the Whiteleaf Hotel! When we arrived in the taxi it looked nothing like the pictures on the internet. However, it was 5:30, already getting dark and we figured we hadn't much chance of finding alternative accomodation. We entered the reception which was rough to say the least, gave the receptionist our reservation number and she asked for payment immediately (£260 for three nights - double room). This was our mistake, we should have viewed the room first. Our room was on the top floor, up a rediculously narrow staircase - dirty mouldy unpainted walls and smelly, disgusting carpet. We entered the room, dropped our bags and sat on the bed. It was then we realised what we were in - the curtains were hanging off the window, the plug fitting and light fitting had obviously been pulled off the wall leaving gaping holes and wires hanging out, the bathroom had a huge hole in the ceiling, blackened and rotten from condensation, the bedcoverings had cigarette burns all over them and the sheets looked wrinkled - as if they had just been smoothed over. It was then that we noticed that the door had obviously been broken in in the past. The door-jam was shattered and someone had nailed a piece of timber to replace it - no wonder we had trouble opening the door in the first place. There was a hand-written notice on the inside of the door stating &quot;management will not take responsibility for any items stolen from this room&quot;!! We also noticed that the smoke alarm was covered with a plastic bag - a minor detail compared to the rest! After discussing our options we decided that neither of us wanted to stay here so we left our bags in the room and left the hotel to find somewhere else to stay. We found a lovely little hotel down the road - the rooms were small but well kept, and it costed £60 less to stay!! We walked back to the Whiteleaf, got our bags from the room and went to the reception desk. We explained that we were unhappy with the room and that we wanted a refund. The receptionist refused to give us all our money back and said that we would be charged for the first night, because that was their policy! She also informed us that we should go online to Booking.com to cancel our reservation so that they would not charge us! We found an internet cafe the next day and tried to cancel the booking but found that it was 'in the past' so could not be cancelled. I'm waiting for my credit card statement...Here comes the worst bit of all... My partner noticed red lumps on his skin on the following day - like hives, really itchy and red. We assumed it was just some kind of allergic reaction. He got some lotion from the chemist which calmed it down a little. We flew home a few days later and he was sitting watching tv and scratching his leg at the same time. He felt something 'give' and moved over to the window for a better look. There was a small white maggot on his finger tip - alive! I was nearly sick at the sight of it. We only sat on the bed, imaging if we had slept in it! The place was crawling.If you have any sense, do not stay here, there are better options for less money! Our trip to London started on a very bad note.I welcome a response from the management of this property!	
Sep 5 2007 	Laughably dreadful	This hotel should be avoided at all cost, particuarly if you can't see the funny side. I stayed for two nights and the problems were endless. No room had no curtains, no television, no hairdryer, a hole in the wall where the extractor fan once was, the window didnt open, there was only one cup in the room which was bizarre because it was a double. The icing on the cake was breakfast........the 'continental' breakfast was a pile of cold croissants with a jug of 'help yourself' milk. No juice and no tea only coffee. Followed by toast. Then came the smell of eggs which I presumed was eggs being cooked. I was wrong the ceiling started pouring filthy water from a cavity in the dining room next to the croissants. An ocurrence which I expect was daily judging by the response of the staff. Filthy. On the plus side the staff were helpful, and the room was cleaned and sheets changed the day after we arrived. Not for the faint hearted, but rather funny really, if you dont mind using a blanket as a curtain. If your not a snob, its cheap and fine as a basic base.	
Sep 4 2007 	Stay Away........Well Away	I stayed at the Whiteleaf for a week. I was desperate for cheap accomodation and as such didnt check any reviews or look around as much as i should have. Upon entering my room i was shocked at the standard. It was not much better than a janitors closet - Curtain ripped and falling off window, severely damaged sink, holes on wall, dodgy door lock and graffiti in the cupboard. I put up with it for a few days until i woke up covered from my feet to my neck in red bites and welts. I had noticed a few brown-reddish coloured bugs near the bed a day before but had assumed they were harmless and had come in through the window. A little research and i discovered they were bed bugs! Several bites on my feet and elbows got badly infected. I kicked up a huge stink and they offered to spray the room. I reluctantly stayed in the room for one more night. In the morning i found a half eaten mouldy hamburger and chips in a take-away tray under the sink! I demanded a refund but was told it couldnt be done under any circumstance. They gave me a bigger room with an ensuite for the remainder of my stay. Only problem was the shower didnt work and there was a rear door that was rusted and water damaged with a huge hole. This let in water and freezing cold air at night. In summary - my worst hotel experience ever. Go easy on the weedy scottish guy with glasses. He is just an unwilling participant and does try his best. I am considering reporting the manager to the authorities. Believe all you read in these reviews. The 5 out of 5 ratings are clearly planted by management!	
Jul 27 2007 	Bed Bugs	Walked in two nights ago looking for a room. Stayed in room 304.Walked out the next day literally covered in the biggest bites ever. My back and arms are one big red welt.Do not stay here. The disgusting conditions of the room were nothing compared to the bed bugs.	
Jul 26 2007 	I got SCABIES because of this hotel!!!	This is the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. The moment I came to this hotel, there was a woman standing outside complaining about this hotel and warning us about the hotel. She was telling us about how the service is bad, and that it was dirty. I wish we had listened to her... because I wouldnt have stayed in this INSECT INFESTED HOTEL.The door wouldn't lock properly, I honestly thought I was going to get murdered in this ghetto hotel. It was something out of a horror movie I swear. The showers were so DIRTY the shower curtain looked like it hasnt been washed or changed in years. There was no shampoo or soap provided to even wash the BUGS off from sleeping on the beds. No towels were provided. We had to ask from downstairs.. and the towels looked FILTHY when we finally got them. The TV and hairdryer wasn't working. We had to go downstairs to ask one of the staff to fix it. He told me that he wasnt able to fix the TV and he couldnt find another hair dryer for us. [--]! He didn't even try to fix or find anything..he was just pretending to. The walls were covered in WERID STAINS AND BLOOD STAINS. The wall paper was peeling off. The carpet looks like it hasnt been cleaned in years.The bed was filthy! The sheets were full of CIGARETTE HOLES and BLOOD STAINS and other SUSPICIOUS STAINS. I couldnt even sleep that night.. I felt SO ITCHY. I was scratching ALL night!!! I woke up to blood stains on my sheets because of the bugs biting me. I honestly thought the itching was just my imagination. But about a couple days later when I left London.. I started gettng ITCHY HIVE-LIKE BUMPS on my arms, back and legs. I went to the doctors and they told me I had the case of SCABIES! DISGUSTING!!! I honestly blame this hotel because while I was vacationing.. I didnt stay anywhere dirty just there. Now I have gone through 3 treatments to kill the scabies but they still are alive. I am currently going to do another treatment. Please I am warning you... DO NOT STAY HERE!!! It was like something out of a horror movie.. It was cheap I admit and it is a very good location. but if you do not want SCABIES then do not stay here! it made my vacation in london NOT enjoyable.	
Jul 2 2007 	Flea Infested Hotel DISGUSTING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	If anyone has any sense do not stay at this hotel, it is running alive with all sorts of bugs etc etc etc dirty dirty dirty and more dirty, it was my hen night and i was totally distraught, the staff may seem nice but just do not walk through the reception doors at all. I am scratching just writing this email. we booked rooms that we never got also, total waste of money of which i have now given the hotel 7 days to reply or i will be taking it further..........	
Jun 20 2007 	DO NOT WALK IN THE DOOR	We arrived in London to the Hyde Park Court Hotel on Norfolk Square on Sat 16th June 2007. We paid for our room and then we were told we would be driven to our hotel. We were then brought to the WHITELEAF HOTEL in Bayswater. It looked basic enough but it was cheap and we were only staying for one night so we didn't mind. We arrived back to the hotel around 2am and went to bed. I first noticed a small bug on my pillow just as I was going to bed. I'm not afraid of bugs so I told my 3 friends what I had just seen but didn't make a big deal about it. We went to sleep but about 40mins later 2 of us woke up and we could feel insects on us. When we switched on the light there were bugs (I now believe they were baby cockroaches) on every bed we had two singles and a double. We jumped up and killed one of the smaller bugs which had blood inside it. It was disgusting and we went downstairs to reception who weren't very helpful but who after two hours of us demanding to be moved to a new hotel they found us a new place around the corner. This hotel was called the Leisure Inn and I would recommend it as it was clean. We eventually got to bed at 5am in the new hotel. I hope this review helps people because I wouldn't like anyone to experience what we did. Lisa Martin, Dublin, Ireland	
Jun 18 2007 	Disgusting Hotel	This is the worst experience in a hotel I have ever had. This place is actually unsafe and a health hazzard. How there is a fire safety cert for the Whiteleaf is beyond me. The stairs are narrow and steep and there are old beds and chairs thrown on the corridors. The carpets have not been cleaned in years obviously, and the doors to the rooms are half the size of any normal door. When we arrived there were a pile of old furniture in the front garden. We discovered why at 3.30am when we awoke to being bitten by bed bugs. When we turned on the light we realised they were all over our beds as well as fleas. On of our group got bitten quite badly. We went downstairs and demanded to be moved to another hotel. The night porter was not interested in our demands and we ended up calling the police. We were moved to another hotel at 4.30am after an hour of arguing. I would recommend going to a decent hostel rather than this place. Definitly do not bring children here.	
May 24 2007 	The Worst hotel	The photos online are not of this 'flea pit' there wasn't a singe peice of furniture or fixing in the room that wasn't damaged or broken. The smell was awfull! I stayed one night as it was too late to make other arrangements - BIG MISTAKE!The lock on the door had been moved several times, the door and frame had been patched up so often that the lock was ineffective. Roudy behaviour on the landing outside the room made me fear for my safety (the phone didn't work). This prompted me to move the bed against the door - A good move as at 3 am someone tried to force their way in.By the time i left early next morning I had been bitten by bed bugs, when i got home I was very cautious emtying my case ensuring that everything was shaken outside before going into a hot wash. Then even after that the fleas started hatching! That one night was not worth it I would have been cleaner on the streets. This place should be closed down!	
Apr 16 2007 	Awful	Believe everything else you see written on this page. I turned up on the day just looking for a cheap (for London) place to stay, and fair enough I got one. But the room I got had:* no toilet or shower (though I wasn't expecting one and it was only after I left that I saw their literature claimed there would be one in each room). In fact the only shower I could use was on the next floor down, and the toilet was two floors down* A room that smelt of cigarette smoke* A sink that gushed brown water* A threadbare carpet* A broken bed* A kettle but no socket* No curtainsTo show this review is balanced, the following are the good points:* There was a working TV in the room* I was able to sleep there (admittedly with all clothes on)And well... that's it for the good points	
Apr 13 2007 	Holy Towel Batman!!	Well, what can I say.....After seeing the internet photos (which were obviously from another hotel, or very creatively photoshopped), and getting excited about exploring London, after facing the terrible reality of the Whiteleaf I seriously considered going home.We were led to our room, as we were not allowed keys, to find a room which was covered with a smokey haze. We were advised on the website that it was a non smoking hotel, but after arrival we were convinced that not only was the hotel smoking friendly, but that we were placed on the smoking floor!After a shower (in which we scalded ourselves as the taps were backwards) we attepted to dry ourselves with the most torn/ripped/dirty/smelly towels I have ever seen. They even ripped more as we attempted to hang them, suggesting the fibres were actually rotten!In an attempt to forget about the harsh reality we turned on the television, only to find that it, along with most of the lightbulbs, would not turn on! This sparked tears of frustration, as we had travelled a long way and did not expect to be in a city with no one we knew in such a hovel of a hotel.Long story short, do not take cover in this hotel even in the event of an apocalypse, youd be better off in the gutter!	
Apr 9 2007 	got off lightly	we booked the whiteleaf before reading the reviews, being of a kind and genorous nature I decided not to cancel but to give it a go - we could always leave if it was dreadful. We had booked an apartment and were not staying at the hotel itself. When I rang, pointing out their terrible reviews I was reassured that these were exaggerations and things were now good - the place was clean and certainly had no bugs or cockroaches.The apartment was a 10 minute walk from the hotel. Initially it looked OK - big (huge) rooms, 2 bedrooms and a living and dining area plus a kitchenette with a fridge, microwave, oven and toaster. Nice furnishing - all Ikea, TV worked and carpet clearly fairly newish BUT it had not been hoovered - no problem I thought there was a vacuum there but no bags - no one arrived with a hoover after I asked so I had to go and fetch someone. The fridge didnt work - nt only that but it stunk inside like gone off milk, inside the cooker was filthy and there were mouse droppings behind the fridge (old ones admittedly). The owner told me the fridge was an optional extra (it was on their advert)and he couldnt get it fixed that day - promised to get it done the next but never did. He also tried to tell me they only put people in the apartments when the hotel was full - not true I had specifically booked an apartment . He then tried to offer us a free meal - we declined because by then I suspected that the reviews on this site were accurate and didnt fancy eating there (likewise we never ate the breakfast s we had paid for in advance). I felt sorry for the staff one told me they worked 7 days a week, another said they only had one vacuum cleaner for the whole place including the apartments. The staff were nice but didnt bat an eyelid at the mouse faeces - seemed as if this was a fairly average complaint to them. The beds and linen were clean - they gave us loads of extra towels and the bathroom was clean and everything worked but the sofa had collapsed at one end - there were long hairs all over the carpet and bits of food everywhere (including under the bed). It felt as if this was a refurbished apartment about to start falling apart - I wouldnt go back as I suspect it will be dissolving into ruin in the same way that the hotel itself seems to have. I find it bizarre that they have this great venue, really nicely sited and a fab size but the owner does not appear to want to maintain it. My advice - look at your rooms first before you pay (they ask you to pay in advance - dont), they will ask you to pay cash - dont (dont know why they do this but it felt dodgy), read the reviews and do not assume they are all written by hygiene freaks or super fussy travellers who are laying it on with a trowel - they are not. We got off lightly with a broken smelly fridge and a few mouse droppings but I wouldnt risk it again.	
Mar 19 2007 	disgusting place	Lots of things wrong with this hotel. We had booked a double room, but ended up in a twin. No TV, shower controls back to front, sockets hanging off the wall with bare wires showing. Filthy curtains, shower and toilet. When we complained they said they had no other rooms available and would move us the following day, but when the cockroache appeared, they moved us immediately to another room. This turned out to be as lethal with bare wires etc and also near reception which was very noisy all night with staff talking and shouting. The next morning we left and booked into another hotel, even though we had booked and paid for 2 nights. We could not stand that filth for a second longer.	
Jan 18 2007	Filthy place!! Dirt cockroaches beware!! 	Never again, Beware of this place!.We did a trip in london and stood for a few days in the whiteleaf hotel.first when we came it smelled old and dirty and unclean.The stuff was friendly so far, i guess because they know about all the stuff im going to tell, and there try to make the best of it.we took a look on the rooms after we payed.on the staircase was a used tissue and on the day before we left it was till there and i guess it wasnt another one- so nobody takes care of it.the rooms looked ok on the first view, in the bathroom was a big dead roach under the bathroomlamp (picure will follow) who died because she could not get out of there.we heard a roommate cleaning up the rooms next to ours and heard spray something right before the door of the so called cleaned room was gettin closed.we thought it was some roomspray or deodorant, but after we left the room we stepped into a big cloud of ant-bug spray.on our friends room was a anti-roach trap as well under the table.one other thing to complain was the beds, there where very laid down and smelled old, dirty and used plus the blanket on my bed had dirty stains on it.we got dirty, dusty used spoons and cups as well plus the tv didnt work.the carpet and the whole room was so dusty, i coulnd breathe the whole nights very well.breakfast was bad, we get offered a few slices on toast with butter on a dish, and there was thin coffee and some juice out of disposal plastic cups.ok, it all sounds bad, but on the next night we woked up from a scratchy sound,after we turned on the light we saw a very big black living roach on the wall beside my bed.you see a waterbottle on one of the pics, so you can increase the size of her-pretty big.i felt afraid to sleep again because i tought they could be everywhere in the room.our friends had also a crazy thing in their room.they didnt get a key for they room and a card insted who they had to give back to the staff after we left the hotel.we tryed to open up our room for a test and we coulnd believe that we could open up our room as well!bottomline:for a low-rate you cant get something special-and we all new that before, but: such a filthy place, dusty, insecure because of the card, and coackroaches as well is unsuitable.we saw some parents with kids also in the hotel and im sure some antibug-spray and so unclean circumstances could harm them in many ways.i wish i could write something better, but its was exactly how it was.look for another place, maybe you can get a better, cleaner place in london for sure.the price was to high for what we get offered.	
Dec 28 2006 	Vile	I would advise anyone to avoid the Whiteleaf hotel. We had to ask for our sheets to be changed as they were dirty, the eiderdown was stained, the carpet hadn't been vacuumed for a very long time, the sink in the shower room hadn't even been wiped, the shower did not have a temperature limiter i.e. it was very easy to have the water far too hot, there was bare wiring above the shower cubicle and a huge hole where the toilet wastepipe went into the wall. At £55 for a double room in the 'low season' I would have at least expected cleanliness. Avoid this place.	
Nov 21 2006 	Disgusting hotel - do NOT stay there!	The Whiteleaf hotel is filthy, poor quality and no where near a 2 star hotel! The manager didn't recognize our travel voucher for our prepaid booking and tried to extort more money out of us! He tried to move the 3 of us to a 2 single bed room! The housekeeping is disgusting, the restaurant is disgusting - they even screwed up the continental breakfast! The juices were so watered down that you couldn't tell the difference between the orange juice and grapefruit juice! There are many better hotels within a 2 block radius for the same price. Save yourself a lot of grief and dissappointment - book someplace else. There is a reason why it is rated so low out of 900 or so hotels in London! The carpets were dirty and torn, the mattresses were worn and damaged. The sheets had coffee stains on them. The tiles in the bathroom were just resting on the floor - they moved when you walked on them. The heating was on full blast so you had to have the windows wide open all day and night! The wall lamps were broken and some were hanging from the wires. The television didn't work, the phone didn't work. The water was yellow and cloudy and we dare not drink it! There were cockroaches, the shelves were not installed in the furniture and were laid down at the bottom. Screws were sticking out of the side of the tub. Sheets were changed once in four days for dirty ones with pie sized coffee stains on them! You had to walk over piles of dirty laundry in the halls to get to your room. We stayed for 4 days while we argued with the manager and our travel agent until we got fed up and moved to a much better hotel for the same price!	
Nov 9 2006 	Worst Experience Of My Life!!!!	My stay at this hotel was not only the low point of my trip but of my entire life in general. This is the most ghastly, miserable hotel on the face of this planet, I can’t understand why and how they are still in business. Although it has an ideal location and a pleasant exterior, the entire mood changes once inside and in the company of the staff. The check-in clerks, who change every few hours, are rude and unapproachable; they are extremely hesitant to provide their customers with any type of hospitality.Even though I had booked a room one month in advance, they did not recognize my name or reservation at the front desk. Upon presenting my e-mail confirmation receipt, they offered to put me in another room for the same price. For some mysterious reason, I was not allowed to have a key to my room; I had to be let in every time I wanted to enter my room. I remember hating myself for booking this hotel as I was being escorted to my room. The hallways were crammed with dirty sheets and towels; it appeared as though nothing had been washed for years. The room was even worse. I can’t even begin to describe how filthy and old the beds and the carpets were. The bathroom was so small that even a small child would not be able to fit in comfortably. None of the doors closed properly. There was no iron, hair dryer or any other basic toiletries. To top it off, the hotel staff kept trying to swindle more money out of me for giving me a larger room even though it was their mistake. I had that argument with nearly 5 employees during my stay which spanned two nights. I was so uncomfortable that I had them put it in writing that they would not put any extra charges on my credit card. I felt really uncomfortable at this hotel; I didn’t feel safe to sleep at night or comfortable with leaving my belongings in the room when I went out. I would have felt much safer if I had just slept in the underground station. The unaccommodating staff and the appalling conditions of the hotel ruined an otherwise pleasant first-time visit to the UK. Please avoid this hotel at all costs; there are many other hotels on the same street, try anyone of those.By the way, the adjacent restaurant is worse than the hotel. There was a bug in my food!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 7 2006 	The worst hotel	I don´t have words about this hotel, the beds, bathroom and the carpet was very old, bad and dirty. The window was broken, there was things from the other people before. All is dirty and the service is horrible.Please don´t go, if you want a good holidays...It´s an advice...	
Nov 2 2006 	A flea-pit nightmare.	I went to this hotel with my 5 yr old daughter for 3 nights. We left after 1 night and went home-our holiday completely ruined. The carpet was full of not just stains, but mess that looked like sick that hadn't been cleaned up. There were BLOODSTAINS all over the bedclothes!! Other stains on bedclothes, too. TV didn't work, when I asked them about it, they told me they had no signal cos of the London underground! The bathroom was rancid, absolutey tiny. The toilet seat was peeling and the foam inside the seat was on show, the seat also falling off. Sink was dirty. No plug. Beds like sleeping on the floor-and no cleaner. Blood spatters and black finger marks on the walls. The nets were BLACK, and holey. Curtains wouldn't close! They were hanging off the rail, too. Window wouldn't close properly.The room was the most dingy and depressing place I've been in. The website was a total lie-the photos not realistic at all. How has this got a star rating?This place was so dirty that I was afraid to let my daughter touch anything. I didn't sleep for the whole night, it was mortifying. It cost me £207 for the 3 nights. What a rip-off. Don't go there!	
Oct 31 2006 	Disgusting Place	This has got to be the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The room we checked into had a piece of wood holding the door knob in place. Carpets were dirty and obviously never changed. Walls had dents and marks everywhere. The room had a TV stand with no TV (probably stolen). An extra pillow and blanket was found just dropped on the floor unfolded inside a rundown closet. The pillow had blood/brown stains with bullet size holes. The bathroom light turns on with a constant loud motor sound. Chocolate bar wrapper was found after moving the bed 1 inch from the wall. However, the hotel manager is a very nice gentlemen. This is definitely one of those hotels where the owner does not care to spend any money to repair or rennovate. I would avoid this place!! The only good thing about it was it's convenient location to the Bayswater Subway/Tube Line. I would not be surprised if one catches a disease or some kind of rash from staying in this hotel.	
Oct 30 2006 	A big black stain in my holiday memory	First of all the location is excellent. 3 mins to Bayswater tube. Hotel staff are rude and extremely un-helpful. Its all on the receptionist/manager's face, see it as soon as i check in. Not to mention when i asked for hair dryer and blanket.The room is an absolute nightmare. I don't even get to have the room key for unknown reason so i have to ask a staff to open the door for me everytime i come back. Outside the window its a smelling backyard full of junk. Room size is okay but all furiture are old and worn-out. 2 mugs are put on a stained grey towel on the desk, lying next to them are a few tea bags, looking like they have been there for ages. Wall is all covered by dust. Carpet is very dirty. Under a broken bed sheet is an old old matress which is extremely soft. No quilt is suppied. I had to ask for a blanket. Tried 4 times and the blanket is eventually delivered ON THE FLOOR while i was out.Bathroom is crap. You wouldn't want to touch anything in there. No shampoo/shower gel is supplied whatsoever. Found a small piece of soap next to the toilet seat though. At 11am sharp i have the hotel manager trying to open my door. He explained he was trying to remind me that my checkout time is due. I am being complete honest here. The hotel has poor hardware and no software at all. The hotel staff are the rudest i 've seen and I really think they don't care at all. This place ruined my holiday. Its not my first 2 stars hotel but its definitely not value for money. I would recommend any traveller to avoid this hotel.	
Oct 21 2006 	Very nice hotel!	I stayed in the Whiteleaf hotel for about a week and it was a very good experience. Me and my friend had a very nice time. From the moment we stepped in the hotel, we got a warm welcome by the Portuguese manager of the hotel. The rooms were well mentained and that for only 240 euro's (6days) we got a toilet and bathroom in the room and breakfast was included. Also the hotel is very near to Picadilly Circus. Where else can u find such a cheap and decent hotel and that too in the middle of the centre of London!? Well we coudn't. Also it was a breakfastbuffet which we got, we could ask as many times for toasts and juice as we wanted. The staff of this hotel were very very friendly. We will surely visit this hotel again!Rana and Naginawalla	
Oct 16 2006 	Rating depends on room	We booked three rooms at the hotel and they were all very different. The first room was small, had no TV, no kettle or tea making facilities and the door frame was broken so with a little effort anyone could get into the room. The second room was ok, it had tv (no remote) and tea facilites and was bigger than the rest but the curtains hanging off the rail. The third room had a tv, kettle (but no cups etc). All rooms were pretty basic and were a little shabby. If they'd made a few improvements all the rooms would have been a lot more pleasant. The funny thing was they said that they were in the process of changing all the locks on the rooms to credit card type ones but they only had one key so everytime you wanted to get into your room you had to wait for someone from reception and even though there were a few men around apparently none of them worked there and none could help!!! We asked for cups and the dodgy door to be fixed and they said maybe tomorrow (we were only staying one evening!!) Probably wont stay there ever again but it wasnt too bad but was overpriced for the standards we saw.	
Oct 16 2006 	terrible!	Stayed here recently with a group of friends for a weekend in London. It really was an awful hotel! My friends room had a door that was broken and the door would not lock. We were told this would be fixed shortly but by the time we checked out the next day it had still not been fixed. In our room we found the curtains half falling off the curtain rail, a kettle but no cups (despite asking several times!), a tv stuck on volume 63, and the thinnest most pathetic pillows ever!The whole hotel smelt of the indian buffet which they had in the basement! They had no keys for the rooms, and everytime we wanted to get into our room we had to wait for the man on reception to become available so he could take us up there and let us in with the master key! Everytime we tried to get everything resolved the man on the desk would say he doesnt actually work here hes just covering.	
Sep 26 2006 	What a dreadful experience!	What a dreadful experience. With notes warning that luggage may not be safe in the rooms my initial concerns wre just the tip of the iceberg. Things went downhill from there.Asked to pay cash rather than credit card. No towels in room, although asked for on many occasions. Finally offered a wet towel!No remote for the television. Onsuite shower room not clean. Lightbulbs missing. Quite honestly one of the worst hotels I have ever had the misfortune to stay in.	
Sep 25 2006 	terrible	To put it short: this must be the worst hotel I have ever been. All the bad reviews are literally true.	
Sep 15 2006 	horroble	Our travel agency recommended this hotel, I am never trusting them again. The hotel was absolutely horroble. We did not leave our luggage in the room: the risc of robbery was to high, so we carried our luggage everywhere in London. The bed was plain dirty, I slept on the cheets in my clothes so as not to touch anything. There were dirty cups of coffee on the bedside table, and everything was covered under a thick layer of dust. The carpet was not vacumed, crums of wathever it was, where all over the place. Don't even get me started on the bathroom. It smelled like crap. I did not even use the 'shower'. Seriously, you better pay a bit more and stay in a better hotel, because this thing is not worth a cent.	
May 14 2006	bad bad bad	dont let anything valuable in your room or you may get robbed cause the housekeeper likes digital camera, laptop or things like that. Also, this hotel is really horrible, it is not clean and it's really small. Don't go there, it's too expensive for what you will have.	
Apr 26 2006	BAD BAD Whiteleaf hotel	We stayed at Whiteleaf on 22.Apr.2006 for 2 nights. Before we booked it, we did inspect a room which looked decent but when we checked in 2 weeks later (after coming back from Europe tour), we were given a room that looked horribly different from what we inspected. After making noise to the reception, we were changed to another room that looked much better (we thought initially). Later we found that the window cannot be shut fully, leaving cold air sipping in at night. Hot water in shower is either too hot or too cold, and not mentioning the poor workmanship of bathroom &amp; room renovation.....Bed quality is so poor that when you sleep on it, you feel the spring inside it ! Worst still, our room was not made up the next day. When we reported to reception, she offered to do our room, but given no bath towels changed at all !!!HS ChanAustralia	
Nov 17 2005	Love The Coachraches		
Oct 22 2005	cheap  very nice hotel  great staff		
Aug 7 2005	Friendly staff but....		
Jul 15 2005	Cockroach- Hotel		
Apr 21 2005	The Whiteleaf...bad hotel good price.		
Dec 23 2004	Cockroaches dirty not worth the 3 star rating		
Jul 6 2004	Dirty old small BUT expensive!		
Jun 14 2004	Disapointing		
Mar 30 2004	Clean and well located		
Jul 10 2009 	Un hotel no recomendable		
Apr 17 2009 	Sale !		
Feb 18 2009 	bilder sagen mehr als alle worte		
Feb 7 2009 	Nunca más!!!		
Oct 31 2008 	Pas si terrible que ça...		
Sep 24 2008 	insetti probabilmente emofagi nei letti!!!!		
Jul 9 2008 	No merece la pena		
Mar 24 2008	Da evitare assolutamente		
Jul 30 2007	asqueroso		
Jun 2 2007 	Whiteleaf Hotel...c'è di molto meglio!		
Feb 26 2007	Plagado de porquería y cucarachas		
Feb 9 2007 	el trato fue malisimo y las habitaciones algo malas		
