Nov 24 2009 	It does exactly what it says on the tin	For a hotel which is located so central in London and so cheap it was great value for money. I found the staff friendly,breakfast was tea/coffee and toast which was lovley. If you close your window the tube trains sounds like a strong breeze outside. I had a 20 month baby and she slept all night, so noise was never a problem. I was very happy for the money i spent.	
Nov 19 2009 	Nothing wrong with this hotel	For £35 a night in central London I think that this is a real bargain. It is basic, certainly, but it is clean, warm and very well situated. The breakfast too was basic - tea, toast and orange (squash!) but I have no complaints and will certainly be going back in the future; I have also stayed it its sister hotel in Chiswick and my comments are the same.	
Nov 12 2009 	the worst hotel in london!	Very dirty! unfriendly staff, bad breakfast, without elevator, really small rooms... the worst thing: lots of bugs and ticks everywhere, disgusting! A real nightmare.The only good thing is the location.I wouldn't suggest it even to my worst enemy.	
Oct 16 2009 	Will not be going back	Ufrendly, unhelpfull, canclled resevation without notice ( E-Mail to wrong address ).	
Jul 13 2009 	Do not stay here	Booked this hotel in a rush as needed somewhere to stay after the Oasis gig in Wembley and there were not many hotel rooms left within my budget. Obviously when you pay £50 for a room for one night in London you don't expect the earth, but I do expect a clean, safe room. When we arrived we had to ring a bell for the receptionist, who kind of grunted at us and pointed at breakfast and check out times. not great customer service.We had room 1 which was opposite the dining room, and I think directly over the tube line as I was awoken at about 5am with the sound of trains which continued every 10 mins... not great for a nights sleep. The main light from the ceiling had no shade and the electrics were exposed on the ceiling. the bathroom was mouldy and made me feel quite sick.there was a random grey wire coming out of the wall which was exposed. Overall this hotel was ABSOLUTLY DISGUSTING and there is no way I would ever stay there again. I didn't really want to stay this time unfortunatly we didn't have time to trek around london trying to find another alternative.	
Mar 3 2009 	Worst Hotel I have Ever Been In	This place is a disgrace. I stayed ther one night as it was near the Cromwell hospital-the location is the only thing going for it. The room was minute and filthy. Wasn't sure what the stain on the wall was and didn't want to ask. The previous guest had left things in the fridge and I had to get the porter to move them-needless to say one of them was a banana so the fridge stunk. On suite was tiny and the hand basin is by the bed! My advise: go somewhere else, any where else!!!	
Dec 14 2008 	Basic price basic room basically okay	This is not a luxury hotel and that is adequatelly reflected in the budget prices. Along with the central location the price is the biggest attraction for this hotel.We stayed in a basic double room which had a small double bed, a closet, fridge, tv and washbasin. Bathroom was outside the room and shared with other guests.The rooms are nothing fancy but they are clean, comfortable enough and cheap as chips for London. Tea/ instant coffee, toast and jam are included for breakfast.This is definately a cheap but cheerful place which will not be suitable for all travellers. If you want something a bit newer, more homely and still central, you'll need to pay alot more for it in London. Consider the price and your length of stay, we found it okay for our two nights but I know others who would have found it unbearable. Best for hardened travellers and backpackers.	
Sep 22 2008 	Srtay away!!!	This is not a hotel...no way...it is a dump and a disaster waiting to happen. No mention of the flights of stairs, no lift...and no help from the front desk. Rooms are filthy..mold in the shower...fire extinguishers used a door stop. This place should be condemned and shut down..Please for your own safety and health do not stay there...the pictures are not what they seem..it is a fire trap and it could mean your life...	
Sep 17 2008 	absolutely NOT recommendable!!!disgusting!!!	Simply disgusting!! My boyfriend and I had plans to stay there for 3 nights. We didn't expect much when we arrived as is was pretty cheap . All we wanted was a place to sleep and a clean(!) bathroom, but when we saw the room( just a few meters away from the tube, dirty, very uncomfortable atmosphere, unfrienly staff, let alone the bathhroom :-(!!!!!)we changed our plans very quickly! I mean after we left the so called &quot;hotel&quot; ( in Germany you would never get offered a place like this as a hotel!!)we went through London to find something else to stay for the night and we saw many youth hostels and hotels but none of those were as ugly as this!We would NEVER EVER come back to this place.	
Sep 2 2008 	Horrible Horrible room	We stayed here for one night, never again! The twin room was horrible, very small &amp; dark , old, dirty, shabby, no tea &amp; coffee making facilities. There was a big damp patch on the wall &amp; the carpet was grotty. The en-suite was even worse &amp; the shower leaked leaving the floor wet all the time. The room smelt of smoke and the bed felt like the springs were poking through the matress. We were kept awake by the constant noise of the tube which seemed to run under the hotel or very close by. The continental breakfast consisted of dilute orange cordial, tea or coffee and a plate of toast, nothing else! Horrible!	
May 2 2008 	Disgusting - Dont stay here!	My family and I stayed here the week before Christmas in Dec 2004.We were so looking forward to seeing London. we were half way thru our 8 week time of England and Europe, so we had big suitcases and being winter they weren't lightOur arrival we were greeted by either indian or pakistani gentleman, and given keys to our room - 3 flights up, narrow stairs and hard work with heavy bags. I have to say we rarely saw any females and only assume this is the reason for the cleaniness of the place.Apon our arrival in the family room (my own bedroom is bigger), which is would be a big a normal 2 bedroom hotel room, we found one double and 2 single CRAMMED in, with the 4 suitcases and 4 adults basically it was really tight Sleeping was a night mare. Whilst it was freezing outside we were wearing summer PJ's because it was so hot, we kept our window open with an empty coke bottle to allow fresh air and had the joy of constant trains going past to keep us awake. The beds were terrible and springs stuck out in places, so needless to say we didnt get much sleep over the 5 days we stuck it out here. There was a TV which was a 68cm and at least it worked, and a the best thing was the microwave which allowed us to have a few heated dinners instead of going out. There wasnt a kettle (we asked and got one)or any tea making facitlies so we bought some ourselvesThe bathroom also was putrid, thongs were worn always, it looked like it had never been cleaned, and if wasnt for the fact we need to have a shower we probably we have avoided it all together. Breakfast was toast and coffee or tea. we had taken our own vegeimite (we are aussies of course) and my daughter left it on the table and they threw it out - a brand new jar and it was gone!I only wish I had known this site existed before going to stay at this place and had taken photos to show how bad this place was. I didnt take any to try and forget our stay here	
Jul 24 2007 	Cheap and Cheerful?	When our coach stopped in front of the Aquarius, it looked good, just like the website. A nice converted Victorian house, I was led to believe. Well, the price was incredibly cheap, and since we were a group of guys who just wanted a place to sleep, it suited us well.The sheets were always clean, and the continental breakfast (coffee, tea, &quot;orange juice&quot;, toast and a selection of jams and butter) was abundant enough, but the breakfast room, in the basement with no outside window, does little to whet your apetite. Overall the place is shabby, staff indifferent and businesslike and the rooms are cramped. Railway enthusiasts should have a field-day over here however, as the underground passes right behind the hotel, and some rooms have windows overlooking the track. Earl's Court is a busy station, and just staying in the bathrom, yuou will be subjected to the constand sounds of trains going about!On the positive side, it is very centrally located, with a two minutes walk to the Tube station. It is incredibly cheap, so highly recommended for backpackers and people who want a holiday in London on the cheap!	
Jul 5 2007 	Absolute Hovel. Terrible.	Upon arrival at this hotel I was greeted by a reception behind a glass pane - like a bank, as if I was trying to rob the place, not a great start. Next I was directed down to my basement room by rude impatient staff. It was cramped, stuffy and small enough to be most hotels bathroom. A winodw led out onto a yard of some sort, and sincehalf the room was underground anyone could jump in if the window was left open. I did NOT feel safe here. The en suite bathroom and carpet were ridiculously dirty and the toilet was broken. Streaks of scum actually covered the shower wall and floor. It was disgusting. I've stayed in hostels before and this place made them look like 5 star accomodation. It couldn't have been worse.	
Nov 8 2009 	non male		
Oct 29 2009 	Regular		
Oct 9 2009 	ungemütlich aber günstig		
Sep 29 2009 	El peor hotel posible!		
Jun 15 2009 	n oubliez pas les boules quies!		
Apr 8 2009	BASIS Unterkunft zu vernünftigem Preis in Toplage		
Jan 3 2009 	Ma che Hotel		
Dec 19 2008 	affreux		
Nov 25 2008 	Asqueroso sucio y ruidoso		
Nov 9 2008 	nn è male...		
Oct 1 2008 	Vedetelo e poi pagate!		
Jul 15 2008 	grande spirito di adattamento		
Apr 24 2008 	un pò delusi perchè......		
Feb 26 2008	non andate in questo hotel!!!!		
Feb 17 2008 	Horrible horrible einfach nur grausames Hotel... NIEMALS Buchen		
Jan 26 2008	treniendo en cuenta lo caro que es londres y lo viejjo de sus hostales exce		
Sep 5 2007 	Muy barato aunque nada recomendable		
