	A reasonably Priced Hotel for its Central Location.	The location of this hotel is ideal for those who are planning a shopping holiday. it a about one minute away from Oxford Street. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the whole place has a welcoming feeling. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly. I will certainly be using this hotel in the future.	
Nov 13 2009 	Average	On the plus side, the Eddward Lear Hotel is near Marble Arch tube station (beside Oxford Street) and the staff are fantastic. Breakfast was nice too - good selection of cereals and the fry was pretty good too. The hotel is a bit dated and there is no lift so that was a bit of a chore for us on the top (6th) floor. London is still pretty expensive for hotel accommodation so this place is near the top of the budget end but still a bit dated. Slightly less than what you would expect for the price.	
Nov 9 2009 	Its not the Hiton but its perfect for a relaxing break.	The Edward Lear hotel is hidden away just off from the Marble Arch. The outside was nicely presented with flower baskets and the inside was decorated with pictures and poems (from Edward Lear himself). Although the decor was dated it was warming and homely. The staff were brilliant. Receptionist was always polite and spoke with a smile as were the cleaners/maids. You could also book tickets for certain attractions at a slightly discounted price which is always a bonus. Our room was small but very cosy. Bed was comfortable and there was plenty of space for clothes to be stored. Bathroom (en suite) was clean and again small but cosy. Clean towels and beds made every day. The breakfast room could off been slightly bigger. I'd imagine during the busy periods it would be a bit of a squeeze to fit all the quests in. Breakfast choice was good...cereal, toast and cooked available. Cooked being eggs, sausage, bacon, beans, and tomatoes....sadly no fried bread, with a selection of juices and hot drinks. Although close to the main streets it was surprisingly quite at night so a good nights sleep was no problem. As far as transport goes the marble arch tube station and main bus stops are no more than 10minutes walk from the hotel. We personally got buses to London Zoo, Madame Tussard's and the Natural History Museum and with Hyde Park within 10minutes walk the hotel is perfectly placed for site-seeing. For those slightly out of the way places there are several taxi ranks nearby and the taxis themselves are more reasonable than you might think. It cost us £12 to get to the Lyceum theatre which was about 20minutes drive (with the traffic). Eating out is an easy task as well with an assortment of eateries from KFC to Weatherspoons to Italian Restaurants, simply take your pick. All in all the Edward Lear is a brilliant little hotel and excellent value for money...it’s not the Hiton but it’s perfect for a relaxing break.	
Oct 29 2009 	Second time there	I have been once with my family in a family room and now with my husband. Very good small hotel in a great location. Near to everything : Marble Arch tube station, shops at Oxford Street, Hyde Park, touristic bus stop. And breakfast is included.	
Sep 30 2009	Feel Disapointed	Well I tried to book the Edward Lear hotel for a theatre trip for our anniversary but unfortunately we will have to go somewhere else as they dont take one night bookings for saturdays. This is a bit sad as my mother-in-law had stayed and said it was a nice hotel	
Sep 3 2009 	Affordable and well-situated but tiny	Friendly staff, clean room and excellent location, but we were on the top floor, four stories up with no elevator/lift, in a tiny room: we couldn't open the bathroom door more than 1/3 of the way without hitting the bed. The stairways on the upper levels are very narrow, and on my way down our first evening, I opened a door in between the upper floors with too much strength and banged my knuckles on an angled ceiling that was at the same height as the door knob! It took me completely by surprise and one of my knuckles still aches when I bend it. The breakfast room was also tiny and often required a wait. We could have stayed at the Hilton in Kensington for the same price and went to this hotel for its &quot;character&quot; based on positive reviews here, in Lonely Planet and Frommers. It was our 10th anniversary and first trip to London together. If price and cleanliness are your main concerns, the this place is fine, but we wouldn't go back.	
Sep 2 2009 	The Edward Lear Hotel? A great place to stay!	We stayed at The Edward Lear Hotel in early July 2009. The hotel was always clean and tidy and all the staff were friendly and courteous. A wholesome and substantial cooked English breakfast was provided every morning and it was always delicious! This is an affordable no-frills hotel in an excellent central London location (3 minutes Oxford Street/ Marble Arch!) and we would not hesitate to highly recommend this hotel to family and friends.Well done Edward Lear we will be coming back! Chris Beddoes and family. South Devon. UK	
Aug 30 2009 	Not very big on space	Our room was on the street and up on the third floor (no lift), even though we'd booked two months in advance. Unfortunately, all twin rooms are on the street so they couldn't do much about that. The breakfast room was tiny and very hot and stuffy in the middle of summer. Food was good. We decided to leave early and were told because we hadn't given them 14 hours notice, we'd have to pay for the extra night. So after I explained that the room hadn't been cleaned properly and the cleaner had left the second lock on the door unlocked after I'd locked it that morning, they said we wouldn't have to pay after all.	
Aug 24 2009 	Pleasant Accommodation Central Location	The Edward Lear is a very pleasant and affordable hotel. My visit from check in until check out was nearly flawless. Clean and well staffed and maintained. I recommend this for travelers to London who appreciate this hotel's central location to Oxford Street, Hyde Park, Cent'l London attractions and Underground transportation. A great value!	
Aug 21 2009 	Nice little hotel friendly staff convenient 	I stayed in a twin room with my daughter. The room was small (as expected) but clean and comfortable. Towels were not replaced till we left them on the floor, which is fine but I would have appreciated a sign or notice explaining this. The best part of this hotel is the staff -- they are friendly and helpful, gave us good restaurant recommendations and cheerfully answered all my questions. Breakfast is adequate but I was very tired of overcooked eggs and canned tomatoes after a few days. The location is convenient, especially with the tube station right around the corner. The only negative about this hotel is that it was very hot in the rooms and in the dining room. It's much hotter inside the hotel than outside, and it didn't seem to cool off at night, even with the windows open. And with the window open, you will hear quite a bit of street noise at night, at least in the front of the hotel.	
Jul 30 2009 	Unreliable internet	Internet kept failing. Tiny rooms. Baking hot everywhere especially breakfast room. Friendly staff. Hotel keeps external lights on all day despite blinding sunshine and despite being told twice - do these people have no concept of global warming?	
Jun 13 2009 	perfect!!! just what i needed had a wonderful stay here.	really friendly staff, rooms were clean and were very well equipped. free internet use for guests. the shared bathroom was really clean. the location was brilliant, right off Oxford St and close to the tube and bus stops. very much looking forward to my next visit to thhe hotel.	
Jun 10 2009 	Friendly staff. Average comfort. Convenient	Hotel very convenient for buses and tube. Outside welcoming, lots of flowers.Chairs very uncomfortable. No chairs in bedroom. View from Breakfast room window awful.Food adequate but tinned tomatoes for breakfast. Staff very friendly and helpful, they are the best thing about this hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	My friend and I stayed here before Christmas to do some shopping, but mostly sight seeing. The hotel is in a great location, so close to Oxford Street and very handy if you don’t want to be carrying your bags all round London, especially if you’re planning on sightseeing too. We found the hotel a little hard to find at the start, and we were a bit apprehensive when we saw how close it was to Oxford Street, but it is quite remote and very charming on arrival. It looks like a country house from outside. Reception is at the back of the hotel. I found the staff very friendly, and when we were leaving, they allowed us to leave our bags in reception while we went to get lunch and take in a few more sights before we headed to the airport instead of hauling out bags around. Our room was very basic, although we were there in the height of winter and with single pain windows, it got quite cold, but there were spare blankets in the cupboard. Hotel supplies, hair-dryer, TV and wake-up service if I remember correctly. The bathroom was very simple, but was very pleased with the shower. It was amazing stepping into a spacious and warm shower after getting soaked and mud all over us from Hyde Park’s Winter Wonderland (which is a must if you plan on visiting in December)Another good is the hotel’s breakfast!! Served 7-9, but try to be down before 8:30 as it can get quite crowded, which might result in you sitting separately from family or friends. You might be put off by the fact the hotel has no lifts, but if you plan on traveling light, then I wouldn’t let this put you off.Hope this helps, and enjoy your stay in London!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great London Experience	The Edward Lear Hotel is the perfect hotel for a real London Experience. Yes there are stairs and yes they creak and the building is old but the quaintness makes the stay worth while. The beds are comfortable, the breakfast is great, the location is perfect (just around the corner from the Marble Arch Tube) and it is clean! All that for less than an arm and a leg - hard to find in London. My 10 year old son and I loved it and we will return - so much nicer than the big box type hotels-more like staying in a home.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great location and friendly staff	I have stayed at Ed Lear several times. It is great if you like shopping in Oxford Street. Also its near Hyde Park which is nice. The staff at the hotel have always been very friendly and the included breakfast is okay too.Some of the rooms are quite small but you dont spend too much time there anyway. All rooms have a sink and a few has a shower. The shared bathroom is no problem at all. I have never stayed at a hotel where the bathroom is shared, but it proved to work out well. I recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Mar 28 2009 	Friendly and very nice hotel in walking distance to many attractions in London city!!	I stayed her for 4 nites in januari 2009, with my sister and first cousin. We had a wonderfull time in London and couldnt have asked for a friendlier hotel so close to all the attractions!! Every morning we started the day with the full breakfast they had at the hotel. The room we had was nice and comfy with our own bathroom. The staff at the breakfast were very friendly and when we needed directions or anything else, the girls in the reception were very helpfull.We will deffenetly be back and we highly recomend this hotel.From 3 swedish girls who had a faboluse time in London	
Mar 15 2009 	Central location for Busy London Visitor	I took my teenager for a week to London for Spring Break from Atlanta. We researched hotels based on location and price. We knew we'd be running around all day and evening for the entire week and just needed a comfortable base to crash. Edward Lear fit the bill perfectly for the price and its quirkiness will probably enrich her memories of the trip years from now. The Positives: We'd start out the day with a full breakfast, nice and filling served by a congenial staff. With a limitless oystercard for public transportation on the tube and buses plus easy walking distance to shopping and sites made this property top for location. Discounts tickets for some attractions through the hotel saved us money too.FREE WIRELESS WAS PERFECT and saved us Data charges from our US carrier or from having to find a local wireless hotspot. The Internet computer for guest use came in handy a few times when I got sick of using my Iphone.The Realities:This is a place for an unpretentious traveler who does not mind hefting their bags up possibly four floors of stairs (I run regularly but even those stairs got me winded and I was on the 3rd floor). The rooms are spartan with little room for much other than the two twin beds (we stayed in a double with a bathroom). Our room did have a flat screen TV for winding down at night. Breakfast menu is exactly the same everyday and would sure make it a little more enjoyable for even a little variation. (Only so many days you can have eggs, bacon, sausage, tomato or baked beans!) Also having b'fast last until even just 9:30 on weekdays would help in not having to rush down to catch it before it ends (afterall we are on vacation!)Maintenance needs to go through each room and check for minor problems that could bother even the less fussy patron. (whoever painted our room spilled paint on the windows which were never scraped off. Sink had an odor and probably needed to be snaked.) Again not a big deal for us but even at this good a price it would be a problem for many.In Conclusion: Look around at what you can get for the money in the heart of the city and you will see that Edward Lear offers the most for the least. I'd stay there again, because for us, it's all about the city and what it has to offer.	
Feb 9 2009 	The best located hotel with the best price!	The Edward Lear hotel is my personal favorite place to stay in London. It’s the best hotel if you want an easy access from the airport right to your hotel, if you wanna be right in the center of London but don’t wanna pay a fortune. To get there it’s best to fly to Luton Airport and from there take the Green Line to Marble Arch. When you get off at Marble Arch you’ll just have to crross the street and walk a view meters and there it is, just at the end of Oxford Street a few meters from the best shops away! The breakfast is full English breakfast with eggs of you choice, beans, bacon, tomatoes, cornflakes,…all you need! The rooms are rather small and not very modern, but with comfortable beds, TV, tea maker and all you need really. Be aware: there’s no elevator in the house and the stairway is very narrow! When you’ve got the windows open it can be a bit loud from the road but it will always be like that just in the center. The people on the reception are very friendly and will help with really everyting. There’s internet access for free and lots of books and magazines to read. So if you are not too complicated and not too keen on luxury hotels, you will love this hotel! The best location for the best price.	
Jan 25 2009 	Very impressed with standard	GREAT location first of all. But REALLY impressed with the standard - went with a sister and we got a totally new-done twin room at top floor - we were not so keen on the stairs though...However, the standard and the way the hotel is run suits us. The breakfast is freshly made - and there is plenty of it. Compared to other hotels in eg Bayswater - this is a true winner - and the location for shopping, busses and the tube is super.Hope to find the standard is still the same when we visit again in 2010 (we hope).Pia	
Jan 24 2009 	very helpful	The staff is really helpful and nice, good breakfast , very clean and the hotel is situated in the centre	
Jan 23 2009 	Friendly!! Clean!! Great location!!Very nice Breakfast!!	Friendly!! Clean!! Great location!!Very nice Breakfast!!Basically 1 minute from Oxford Street, next to Marble Arch Station. So convinient location to go anywhere in London!! The prices are very reasonable and shared bathroom was more than ok.. I really never saw anyone in the bathroom for 7 days! Not more than 2-3 people share each bathroom and there is one in each floor. My room was cleaned and my bed made every day. Staff was very helpful and friendly. It is like living in a big house but in no way it gives the impression of a youth hostel or anything like that. I met almost everyone that was staying there, either in the computer room or the breakfast room. The atmosfhere makes u want to be friendly with everyone :))I am going back to the hotel definatelly!!	
Jan 7 2009 	Decent stay in a Great Location	My friend and I booked into a double ensuite room over the period of 26th-28th December. Needless to say our main purpose was to take advantage of the boxing day sales, so the proximity of the hotel to Oxford Street (literally 1 minute away) was simply perfect.The hotel itself is slightly on the old side, but the room we were in was exceptionally clean - and the modern good-sized bathroom was a very welcomed surprise. Quirky placemats and drawings in the breakfast room (nonsense rhymes by Edward Lear), adequate breakfast. Reception was friendly, allowed us to leave our bags at the desk so that we could go off and enjoy our last day in London without having to lug them around. What I liked:Fantastic location - very short walk to Oxford Street, Marble Arch, Hyde Park, tube station etc.Clean and well-furbished- TV, tea/coffee making facilities, hairdryer providedFriendly staff, easy check in and check outHuge well-stocked bookshelfFree internet access Vague misgivings:Noise - the hotel is on a very quiet street, but we could hear passing daytime traffic from our street-facing window (didn't bother me but my friend found it slightly annoying as she wasn't feeling well and tried to take an afternoon nap). Also we could hear people talking in the corridor and opening and shutting doors.No lifts - if you have heavy bags, the rickety stairs are going to be a challenge.All in all good value for money, especially if you're keen on shopping!	
Nov 25 2008 	Great location	Had family room,positives  double and 2 single beds - great when you have adult size teenagers. Beds comfy. Room adequate size for price.Great location - just off Oxford street, Marble Arch end, short walk from tube and shops.Friendly and helpful staff.Breakfast fine.Room clean especially bathroom nice.Computor room for guest useNegativeswindows need double glazing 2 problems at front hear noise at night (although to be fair second night we didnt hear any thing) also there was a draft flowing through.corridors tired and in need of decorating (spoke to reception staff - in process of updating waiting for grants etc.Overall couldn't really fault hotel we would stay here again.	
Nov 23 2008 	Decent place for the price	Given the location, this is one of the better values for money that I have found in London. The room was clean and the shared bathroom was acceptable. The staff were all very friendly, very welcoming and amenable. It was easy to find, only about a ten minute walk from any tube station. There was tea and coffee in the room, which is always nice.A word to the wise, ask to not stay on the ground floor. The walls are quite thin and the bustle from the kitchen staff getting ready woke me up before six.	
Oct 24 2008 	quaint hotel super cool value	My boyfriend and I (both American, early 20's) stayed here in Oct 2008 and really liked the hotel. I made reservations directly with the hotel staff by phone and they were very helpful and accommodating. Upon arrival our room wasn't available for early morning check in but they held our bags while we explored the city. The rooms are cute and comfortable, definitely spacious enough for two. It's an older building but everything was in good working order. I liked that they incorporated a lot of Edward Lear's poems and illustrations in the hotel decor. We had a room facing the street but didn't find it to be noisy. As we were there at a slightly less busy time of the year we had no problems getting breakfast or using the computer in the lounge. Good food and free internet access! They also had a good selection of new magazines and travel books/ brochures in the lobby. The hotel location was wonderful; two short blocks from the underground station and a five minute walk from Hyde park. The neighborhood had a range of shops and restaurants including a couple fast food joints open late for those of us suffering from jet-lag.I have no complaints about our stay and would definitely recommend it for its reasonable price and great location. Since it's a small, older, quiet building it's probably not a great choice for families, larger groups or anyone with small kids, but a good pick for younger singles or couples looking for cozy accommodations after a busy day of sightseeing.	
Sep 5 2008 	Convenient to Marble Arch Tube	We chose the Edward Lear for value in a London stay.The staff is very courteous and we found them to be helpful and pleasant.We booked a room with a shared bath for our initial visit to save $60.00 a night.This would have been okay,but it was right next to the breakfast room and other guests left wet towels on the floor.The room had no ac,no cross ventilation,and as it was August,we were warm.They provided small fans for the room.The breakfast was big,and we enjoyed sitting with the other guests.The Marble Arch Tube station is around the corner,one block or less,and we used it daily. We returned for one night and stayed in a room with bath and shower which was much more pleasant with flowers in the window boxes.We did close the windows to shut out the street noise.this room on the street side. It was nice to be able to check email while there.The Edward Lear is nothing fancy,but we found it convenient and safe and enjoyed meeting the guests fromNew Zaland,Belgium,the US,etc.	
Aug 9 2008 	Sleepless in London	We stayed at the Edward Lear from 11 - 14 July 2008. The location is excellent for shopping - near Oxford Street where you can easily catch a bus or tube. The historic building is beautiful, the rooms neat and clean, and the television has a variety of channels. We stayed in room 16, on the street, which turned out to be a very bad idea. It was extremely noisy day and night, always, all the time. We did not have one good night's sleep while staying here.Breakfast is typically British, filling and huge. But the breakfast room is very small and stuffy. You can hardly move or breathe. If you go down for breakfast after 8.30, chances are that you will have to stand in line to wait for a table to open. Eventually we just skipped breakfast. It is also almost impossible to use the internet - there is only one computer and every time there was already someone using it, with someone else waiting in line. For a budget hotel we will resommend the Edward Lear - just make sure that you don not get a room on the street.	
Jun 19 2008 	Do Not Let Hotel Book Your Taxi !!!	Very friendly staff, although hotel as a whole needs updating badly, saying that the rooms are very clean and mine actually nothing like the picture but quite modern...BUT the single is very, very small, infact the smallest I have ever seen (we are talking 5 foot wide by about 8 foot - and that really is it), the rest of the hotels available floor space is used as a dumping ground, one of the toilets is stocked up with tins of paint and rolls of material and boxes so you cant actually get in to it, the internet room too has all the leather chairs (that you can see in the pictures) stacked up in the corner so you cant sit on them and boxes in there stacked up too. Don't get me wrong they are lovely friendly people and the breakfast is one of the best I have had.BUT be very aware that if you get the hotel to ring a taxi, they infact ring a company who will charge you the EARTH to drop you off where you are going and and who don't actually have a meter and after pointing this out to them they admitted they are not a real taxi company and hence not insured and it is a little scam that the hotel have going and we would need to take it up with the hotel. Just bear in mind the day before this we flagged down a black cab outside the hotel who took us the same journey for £5.60.This 'TAXI' that the hotel 'organised' for us charged us £12 for exactly the same journey which we discovered is a 15 min walk away this is why I was concerned.DO NOT USE THE HOTEL TO BOOK A TAXI FOR YOU!!! FLAG DOWN A BLACK CAB OUTSIDE.We mentioned this to the hotel when we go back and they admitted they are just a company that the management tell them to use !!!But they will mention our concerns to the managers.Very worrying stuff!!!	
May 28 2008 	A very pleasant surprise	My husband, our two daughters (11 and 8) and I just got back from a trip to England. For the 3 days that we spent in London, we stayed at the Edward Lear Hotel on Seymour Street. The hotel is a converted row house, and, as the name suggests, was once the home of poet/artist Edward Lear. Given the price of everything in England, at 125 pounds per night B&amp;B for the four of us, we really didn't have high expectations for the Edward Lear. Fortunately, we were very pleasantly surprised. Having read prior reviews of this hotel, I have to agree - the corridors are narrow, the stairs are slanted and crooked, but so what? If you want posh, then pay posh and stay posh. We were on the second floor in a 'family room' with a double bed and two single beds. Our room was immaculate, the beds were extremely comfortable (memory foam mattresses - MMmmmm!), the ensuite bathroom was brand new with a properly flushing toilet and good pressure in the shower. There was lots of lighting, lots of drawers and closet space, and lots of tea/coffee/hot chocolate etc. in the room for our use. In short, our room had no faults that we could detect, and was, in fact, much nicer than some for which we had paid more.The staff at the hotel were all extremely pleasant and very willing to assist with any inquiries that we had. Breakfast was served in a small breakfast room that was very clean and sunny. Some people had to sit with strangers at their table, but, again, so what? It's breakfast! You're travelling! Meet new people! We were a party of four, so didn't have the opportunity to do that, but would have welcomed it if it was necessary. The food was lovely with breakfast for each of us being made to order, and served promptly from a charming dumb waiter coming up from the kitchen. All in all, we found the Edward Lear Hotel to be a charming spot and a comfortable haven after whirlwind days of touring and dashing around London. We would happily stay there again.	
May 26 2008 	Great	Stayed there 10 days. It's warm, friendly, and in an excellent location. Walkable to the Tube. It's an old building, as most places in London are. Some rooms are a bit slanted, but that adds to the charm, as does climbing up the stairs. This is a real find and great B&amp;B choice. Very helpful staff who will help you plan your day. Nice sitting area.Cheers!	
May 17 2008 	Great Cheap Hotel in London	We two gents went for our first trip to London/UK from May 3-10 and booked the entire stay with Edward Lear. As a frame of reference, we do not, nor can we afford to stay at more costly hotels. What we seek is clean, cheap and convenient to the locations we want to explore. As an example, we have stayed at Hotel Harrington while in Washington DC. in September 07Edward Lear is a small older hotel converted from a Victorian residence, and we were originally concerned because it is a five story walk-up (no elevators) The there is only one room in the category we booked..a single standard (shared bath) . It was a large room with two single beds separated by a nightstand. It's located on the first floor!...We weren't told this when we booked, but we were very pleased, because we had asked for a lower floor; (we're in our 50s and 60s and not into jaunting up 1 flight, let alone 5!) Serendipity! Ask for room number 3. It did have a sink in a closet. Other amenities in the room included a phone, very small TV which was a bit two far from the beds, though we didn't watch much anyway. There were no chairs - given the size of the room, at least one would have been good, and two would have fit. There was a small stand with an electric coffee/tea pot well stocked with tea, coffee, sugar and creamers. There was a small closet which held what we had brought easily. The window in the room offered no view - just light in the day..and looked out over the basement kitchen glass ceiling...and thats about it.The shared bath was right down the hall...only two other rooms on that floor...and during the whole time i only ran into one fellow bather who got to me just ahead. It's small, with a shower...towels seemed to pile up during the day on the floor as there was no place to deposit a dirty one.The three rooms share the floor with the front desk, computer room, ( which gets busy in the morning and evening..plan to wait if you didnt bring a lap top)I was amazed at how quiet the hotel seemed. We got good nights rest, every night of our stay, and only once heard someone come in late. Housekeeping was done every day while we were out with no issues at all. Everything was refreshed, replenished, and straightened.Staff was congenial and helpful when we needed information.The breakfast is huge...nicely presented, and well cooked. As an American, the tomatoes and beans threw me off, but i got right into them, and by the end, ate the whole thing!...There are only 6 tables (four tops) in the dining room, which is smallish, and served by a dumb waiter from the basement kitchen. We got started early each day..weekdays it opened at 7 30 and weekends 8 am. Table is set with LARGE trivets upon which your plate is set..sort of balanced...I thought that was funny..also, more silverware than is needed...an extra knife - for butter and jam, etc..but crowded the table. There is also a selection of juices, milk, cereals, etc.Locationally, we couldn't have asked for better..great shopping is very near by..Selfridge's right around the corner..don't miss it - you can walk. Hyde park and Marble arch tube is a block away.There is a movie house around the corner as well....an Odeon we were shocked that we were asked to select seats based on price, and proximity..take the cheap seats...the theaters are small.Gay gents - the Quebec bar, London's oldest , since 1946, is in the next block...(and some of the original clientèle were there the two nights we stopped in). For Americans, we paid the equivalent of 7dollars for a large coke, and 6 for an equal size beer..go figure. Take the tube to Leicester Square, check out the cheap theater ticks (go to the official booth which is a stand alone building in the square, not around the perimeter) We saw Spamalot and had a great time. From Leicester, walk over to Soho for lots of other bars...and drinking in the street...everywhere in London, pubs spilled out with people drinking in the street. Try the Geisha Bar for upscale decor, and very quiet. next door is a more typical bar catering to all kinds of gents. We didn't venture further - we could have all night..bars are open apparently 24 hours.We purchased a London Pass...we feel we did well with saving on some of the attractions. Check it out...and take the transportation option - you will save even more. Practically speaking, we were able to do about 3 major things a day on it, by hustling. Also we did some driving..we took the tube back out to Heathrow, got off at Hatton Cross Station and walked across the street behind sixT and picked up a rental car at Car1Hire or something like that, which we had prearrange...we drove to Knowle, Sissinghurst, and to Bath over two days and then back into London...we retained our hotel room during our absence.Re Heathrow, we flew US Air - into Heathrow Terminal One and were through customs in 10 - TEN - minutes.I could write a book..first time was a great time and would love to go back..and would stay at Edward Lear again, as well.Sorry i don't have photos to share..what was I thinking..I didn't take any at all of the hotel..:(	
May 3 2008	ok just about	Booked via laterooms, who told me that the cc no. was taken merely to reserve the room. However, cc statement showed that the full amount was debited instantly by the hotel. At least they didnt ask me to pay again when I got there (has happened at some other places).Not really a hotel, its a basic B&amp;B. Great location near Marble Arch/Oxford Street is the only real reason for staying here and ok for those who wish to spend most of the day out and about. Small Alba TV in room, + sink,+ bed...that's your lot. Shower room/toilet down the corridor had a mouldy floor, the breakfast room was too small for the no. of guests so strangers finish up being put together at the same table. Free internet access in a sort of sitting room. Friendly staff. Basically ok as an overnighter or 2 nights, but dont expect too much for your money.	
Apr 15 2008 	Friendly clean and good location!	We booked this hotel when seen on Tripadvisor and saw the different reviews here. Well we're absolutely positive about this hotel:the staff is very friendly, good English breakfast, clean and spacious room and not unimportant: the bed slept very well!For a London hotel this a good value hotel, due to many other hotels in the city for this price is this much better. We had a room with private facilities, and these were also clean and new. The last day we could leave our luggage at the reception for free. And in the salon is a free internet acces for guest.Further the location is very good, just round the corner is the tubestation Marble Arch and that is also the beginning of Oxford Street. So you can easily walk to the shops. A the tube station also many buses stop, so that's also handy! The neighbourhood is good and at night their is not so much noise (always a little offcourse when you stay in the middle of town!).The only thing you should bother about the hotel: there is no elevator, but I didn't care about that: because of eating some many delicious things around town, it was good to walk te stairs.. ;-) but something to think about when you're not so healthy.If you're going to London: Enjoy!!	
Apr 1 2008	There Must Be Another Edward Lear Hotel	I just returned from England to Canada, I had a wonderful experience all with the exception of our stay in London at the Edward Lear hotel. We arrived late and had to wait outside while the staff had a smoke in the lower regions of the Hotel. We stood at street level and watched as they had a smoke break in the pit below. Garbage surrounded them as they looked back at us while we waited for a staff member to let us in. When they did bother to open the door we were escorted to room 1A a room outside near the main entrance. To our horror we looked around the room and witnessed a bed without a frame under it, a shower stall next to the bed, dirty ceilings cob webs slung across the fixtures. The bathroom was dingy ....floors were sagging and appeared to be weak. The shower was so uneven the door would not close and the shower head was barley attached and in its and cradle was pointed in an inward direction so no water hits your body. We realized our mistake however it was late so sucked it up and endured the rest of the night. We made an attempt at a sleep to get the nightmare over quick as possible. Sleep did not come easy as the bed was horrible. I read the other reviews some even give this place 5 stars ....all I can say is there has to be another Edward Lear hotel in London cause we certainly missed it!	
Mar 28 2008 	Better than we thought	We booked at this particular hotel based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. Some were good and some were bad so we didn't have a whole lot of expectations. We were pleasantly surprised, the rooms were clean, yes there is no elevator but a little bit of exercise is good especially after their fabulous breakfast. They are just finishing their renovations, new carpet, paint etc...the back stairwell was a bit tricky (almost fell down it a couple of times) but overall the hotel was nice. The price was a bit steep ($97 pounds - this was the most we paid on our trip) but it was in a nice area. Just 4-5 blocks away is James Street where this is a variety of restaurants to choose from and only 1 block away from the underground train.	
Mar 26 2008	we loved it	we loved it!!we were 5 friends who had the family room!!great location...walking distance from everything and the tube just next to us!!!one of the most helpfull reception in anything we needed!good valuefor money	
Mar 4 2008	LOVED Edward Lear Hotel!	I wanted to thank you for the wonderful time we had at your hotel! This was our first time to venture to another country,and we were a little nervous booking a hotel online. But when we arrived every fear we had disappeared.The quick response to any questions I had really impressed me from the very first email. You are very professional and friendly!Thank you for the wonderful breakfasts, clean rooms, and very helpful staff. We loved our trip to visit London. I am already looking for flights to come back soon! Debi Hampton Washington State USA	
Feb 11 2008 	very good hotel	very good location for this charming hotel, we stayed 2 nights in a double ensuite room, which was perfect for this price range. the room was clean and confortable, good english breakfast, and friendly staff. We will stay here again for our next travel!!	
Oct 8 2007 	Would definitely stay here again	We stayed at the Edward Lear Hotel for 4 nights. Location is fabulous - very central to everything. We had the quad room with bath and toilet, its worth paying extra for these facilities. The building is old like most english buildings, wonky stairs and all. Breakfast is included in your stay which was great. There is so much to see and do in London we basically just showered and slept in the room. The only thing we needed in our room was a small refrigerator for fresh milk and drinks. But compared to other London accommodation you can't beat the price.	
Sep 4 2007 	Don't be so cheap	In an effort not to go bankrupt due to our weekend in London, we selected the Edward Lear based partly on its inclusion in the DK Eyewitness Travel guide but mostly on its price. At £95/night, the Lear came in a good £25 cheaper than other options in central London. Nonetheless for the equivalent of nearly $200 we expected that it would meet a certain standard of comfort. Arriving late in the evening after a long journey, we were quite discouraged to find that while the room (room 1A) did have a shower as promised, the shower was a stand-alone unit installed into the bookcase next to the bed. I'm as lazy as the next guy but I really do prefer to have my shower in the bathroom. Call me crazy. We might have been inclined to describe this as merely quirky but the ripped sheets covering the plastic cover on the matters, the general dinginess of the room and the hostel-like environment that kept us awake most of the night was enough to send us running the next morning. We gladly put down the extra £25 to stay around the corner at the Cumberland. For our money, we easily doubled or tripled our comfort. $200 may seem like a lot for a room, but until you've spent a night in the Edward Lear, you'll never understand just how little it really buys you. Don't be cheap - spend an extra $50 and stay somewhere that offers a shower in room where it belongs and bans the back-packers and hostel-goers.	
Aug 20 2007 	great location with "charm"	When you hear the word &quot;charm&quot; it usually means accommodations that haven't quite entered the modern world. True enough here, but what can you expect of an old residence on a London city block that has been horsewhipped into a stopping place for modern travelers? Our room was at the top of the stairs, so we immediately wanted a lift. Bathroom facilities were old and leaky, but worked, although a standup shower instead of a handheld tub squatter would have been nice. Rooms were small, but had lots of storage crannies. Kid's &quot;bed&quot; was first a cot with broken slats, and then just a mattress on the floor. Weather was cool, but on hot days you'll want an air conditioner. Breakfast was filling, without many choices. Staff was excellent, helpful, and smart. Oh, and the wifi connection lets you research restaurants etc in your room, even from the top floor. Great location near Marble Arch. Would I stay there again? Mm, maybe, but those stairs don't work with a heavy suitcase. Nosebleeders and those with BP problems beware.	
Jul 25 2007 	Cosy and perfect location	My six year old son and I stayed at the Edward Lear for 4 nights at the end of June. Our double room was way at the top of the stairs, and was quite comfortable. The sheets and towels were of good quality and fresh. We shared a bath, but never encountered any other guests, and it was perfectly clean. The breakfasts were good; the coffee fresh. On the whole, we were very cosy and happy with our stay. And the location could not be better! I would certainly recommend this hotel!	
Jul 23 2007 	High Maintenance Travellers Beware	I read all the reviews for the Edward Lear and was pretty nervous about staying here. I heard about some pretty dismal sitautions. When I got there, I realized it may be a result of high maintenance travellers.I don't know about the bug situation, as I have read there are lots in this location. I never experienced any bugs while staying there for four nights. In fact, our room was really pretty clean. I rarely do this, but I even walked around without shoes on. It's definitely clean enough. Another complaint was about the stairs. There is a long walk up the stairs, but it's central London. Every time I've been there I've had the same kind of walk up. It's not a big deal. You can't beat this location... I am not kidding you. Three blocks from the Marble Arch and its tube station. That's an unbeatable location. It's becoming a diverse neighborhood, so there's lots of fun Middle Eastern, Indian, and Japanese restaurants. You're three blocks from Hyde Park and right there on Oxford Street. You get a lot of great sites for this location.My only complaints are fairly superficial. I don't care to share a table at breakfast, which we did one of our mornings... the breakfast room is small so it's going to happen. But that's not a big deal. And the internet is a bit finicky. We were trying to get tickets to Wimbledon and it took over 30 minutes to get some very simple information (the tube stop). If you go expecting the Ritz. Don't stay here. Go stay at the Ritz. If you go expecting a typical central London inn, it's just fine.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Location and lots of room in our triple	We stayed in a triple and although we had to hike to the 4th floor, we enjoyed all the room in our place. We did have to share a toliet and shower but we got used to it. The breakfast was delicious. SO much to eat, cereal, eggs, sausage, bacon , beans, tomatos, toast.This area had great shopping very close by. They had an ironing board on the bottom floor for community use. Hairdryer to ask at the desk. We loved the internet. There is a lounge area where the internet is - but it closes at 10 pm. The beds were comfy enough and the room was clean.	
Jun 15 2007 	Great Location Decent Enough Accommodation if On A Budget	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in June. We did not want to spend a ton of money but we did not want to stay in hostel either. This hotels location is AWESOME!!! Very safe and quiet as well. So close to the best shoping in London and minutes from the Marble Arch tube station which is very convenient as well. If you are travelling on the tube for more than 5 days get a 7 day travel card (oyster card), much cheaper and convenient to swipe in and out. The hotel staff were very, very friendly and our room was ready when we checked in early (noon). Be ware of having to carry heavy suitecases up lots of flights of stairs if you are on a high floor as they do not have elevators. Pros of the room: decent size for London, coffee and tea maker, bed was OK, room was quiet. Cons: carpet is old and needs cleaning (bring flip flops or slippers, flip flops for sure if you have a shared shower room). The bedding could use upgrading, pretty shabby. We only had breakfast one day and it was pretty decent. The free internet computer was awesome, always worked and never a long wait.This hotel is a great choice if you are looking for a great location, not too expensive and can over look the run down side of the hotel. I would stay here again for sure.	
Jun 6 2007 	Reasonable affordable accomodations	Perfectly adequate and reasonably priced accomodations. The pros: its a great location...near a tube and hyde park, but out of the way just enough with lots of (relatively) cheap eats nearby. The room was clean and perfectly livable. The cons: the rooms are small and the beds are hard. We lost hot water in our shower one day and it was quickly fixed.	
Mar 14 2007 	Good value for money	Great place to rest your head. Not great if you plan to stay in your room, 24 hours a day. I just slept there and had the very good breakfast. Clean and tidy with helpful staff.	
Mar 13 2007 	Horrible	Fifthly!!! I had to kill all the cockroaches before my wife saw them. Do not stay in this hotel.	
Feb 25 2007 	Good Value	Okay this is not a 4 star hotel! However if u are on a budget and are only going to be in your room for sleeping this place is great! Myself and my sister booked for 9 days this past month. Breakfast was adequate, rooms were clean, bathrooms were clean and we didn't have to wait to use them as we didn't have an ensuite room. Knowing we were going to be there for 9 days they where kind enough to give us a triple room while honoring there price for a twin for us. This was great in that it gave us a bigger room. Yes this place could use some sprucing up but you really can't beat the location. A block from an underground station made it so easy to get around town and even get in the tube station really early in the morning for our Train to Paris and our way back to Heathrow on the tube was quick and easy. Not to mention being a block away from Oxford street and Bond street with all that shopping to do was just great!Staff was fantastic!!! I got sick there and they were kind enough to help me find a walk-in clinic that afternoon!  Also having internet access was such an added plus!  As you can see I was very pleased with this location. Will for sure be coming back and letting friends know about this place. I figure I would just spend more on the town then on my hotel stay and I made a great call there!!	
Feb 11 2007 	abysmal	Just had my Worst travel experience EVER staying here! Some of the reviews cannot possibly be talking about the same hotel I stayed in last night. Although the bedrooms are reasonable other areas of the hotel are dirty, discusting and potentially dangerous! Key points for me were: Mice droppings in the hotelReally bad damp and falling apart floors in some of the bathroomsNo late check in, despite letting them know of my late arrival then ending up being stood on the doorstep for half and hour in the rain!No lift and stairway handrails falling apartEquipment broken/not workingThis hotel is very VERY overpriced for what it offers.... we had a choice between this and a three star hotel for £65.00 for the night. We chose this unware of the condition as it looks and sounds nice from the description. Don't be fooled - this place is not worth the money... check out some of the nearby youth hostels, low budget hotels or Laterooms where you can pick up much better for the same price! if you are on a tight budget and want somewhere safe and warm to stay!Although this hotel has history it is in need of some serious TLC.. until then avoid it!	
Feb 7 2007 	Not the Ritz but great value	I needed a room near Park Lane for a single night for business. At the price I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, but was pleasantly surprised.The staff were very friendly and welcoming.The room was small by modern standards, but was perfectly adequate. The decor was a bit dull, but the room was clean and the bed comfortable.Having read previous reviews regarding the stairs, I took a small bag. Fortunately, I was only on the first floor. However, I can imagine it would be very difficult to manage a suitcase - the stairs are quite narrow.The breakfast room got quite crowded at about 07:45. I guess a lot of the guests were on business or wanted an early start. It would be more comfortable if you could leave it until later.For an overnight stay in the heart of London, you can't beat this hotel for value.	
Feb 6 2007	Just what we were looking for	We spend 3 nights at the Edward Lear last October- would stay there again. We arrived in London with no room reservations except for our first night. The Edward Lear was listed in the (less than 50 pounds/ night) section of our travel book- so we set out on foot to find it. Turning the corner on Seymore Street- my girlfriend spotted a B&amp;B that had tons of flowers nearly covering the entire front of the building- she instantly said that we should stay there- it was the Edward Lear. I thought, oh great- this place is going to be all show and no go. Whoops- I was wrong. Next time we will save about 15 L a night and get a room with no shower or toilet. Each floor has about 5 rooms, and a full bathroom down the hall. I never once saw another person in the bathroom (and the B&amp;B was full)- most rooms are en suite- so no need to pay extra. The breakfast was okay- a bit crowded- but we were happy with a few eggs and tea- we wanted to spend our trip on the streets- not in the hotel dining room anyway. Our room was on the 3rd floor- hope you don't mind stairs- it was what you should expect for only 50 L/night- not brand new- but lots of closet and drawer space. The location is very good. The Marble Arch tube station is only 2 blocks away- and there is a mini-mart with chips/beer/soda 1 block away. This B&amp;B is one block off of Oxford Street- very safe to walk home if you are up late at night. The only thing lacking was there were no pubs/cafes (except Pret) within about a 10 minute walk. Also- A bit of street noise and no AC- so if you are a light sleeper during the summer- you'll have to choose between noise or heat.	
Dec 27 2006 	Perfect locationvery good bargain	I spent my Christmas holiday in Edward Lear hotel and I feel very satisfied with my choice.It is ideal for people that asks for a central place to stay in London but they don't want to spend a fortune for a 4 star hotel.On the other hand if you are used to a luxury hotel service is under your expectations. It's an old traditional english house with many narrow stairs,without elevator.Because of this I highly reccomend to have a room in a lower floor because it is not easy to carry on a heavy suitcase. I stayed with my friends in a quite comfortable room for 4 people,clean and warm.I preffered a room with its own bath and toilet.The room service was very good with the exception of 25th of December. Breakfast included cerials,juices,eggs,sausages,tomatoes etc.Keep in mind that in London many hotels charge extra money for English breakfast. Finally I don't find necessary to say anything about the location.Absolutely perfect.Seymour str.is the second str.behind Oxford str.	
Dec 22 2006 	Fantasic place to stay!!!	This hotel exceded expectations!!! It had a great atmosphere (old london house) with modern features, and was in a central location (2mins to marble arch, train station and Oxford st shopping). The staff were friendly and the rooms and bathrooms were clean and comfortable (and the stairs gave you a nice, easy work out!). Quite, no traffic, great breakfast!!!!I went there with a family of 5 and we were all very comfortable.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and obviously will be happy to return.	
Oct 26 2006 	Edward Lear is a bargain!	I have just returned from London, staying five nights at the Edward Lear Hotel. I was looking for a bargain, and this hotel is that. My single room (no bathroom) was very small, almost a broom closet, but I knew that going in. The room was clean; the breakfast each morning absolutely delicious, and the guests interesting and fun to talk to. Many are return customers, liking the bargain and the history attached to the hotel. I was on the second floor, so be mindful that there is no elevator! The bathroom was kept clean, and yes, I did have to wait a few times. The staff was very friendly and helpful, especially when trying to figure out how to make a phone call. I would stay here again; London is an expensive city, and you can't beat the price!!!	
Sep 18 2006	Exactly the Deal We Were Looking For	We were looking for a reasonably priced hotel near some friends by the Marble Arch. We wanted one with a full breakfast to cut down on our food costs. You can imagine our delight when we found the listing for the Edward Lear Hotel, just two blocks from the Marble Arch tube station.We would have been willing to pay slightly more to get an ensuite bath, but none were available for our dates, so we went for the shared option. Each floor had a shower room. We were worried at first that we'd have to fight for our turn at the shower, but we never saw another soul the whole three days. The shower room was somewhat dingy, but completely functional. We were amused to discover that the window well on each stairway landing had been converted into a WC. One had a particularly low ceiling, but that just added to the experience, I thought.Our room had a sink and a mirror, so we didn't have to go to the stairwell to brush our teeth or anything. The plumbing is quite old, but everything was functional. The bed was fine and the room was comfortable. The hike up the stairs was a bit intense, but I'd read about that in the Frommers review, so I was prepared. Our room was at the rear of the building and it was perfectly quiet. The TV didn't work, but we hardly spent any time in the room anyway.Breakfast was excellent. Toast, eggs, beans, tomato, bacon, sausage, juice... really filling. The girls running the breakfast room took good care of us. We hardly had to eat lunch. The breakfast room was always busy, but we never had to wait. The placemats with Edward Lear limericks on them were a nice touch.Someone said that this place is like a hostel, but with more privacy. I think that's a fairly good comparison. We knew we had to share some of the resources, but there were no problems. I have already recommended this hotel to friends.	
Aug 7 2006 	Middle Aged Couple's experience	Just had a 3 day stay at the Edward Lear Hotel, London. On the plus side, the hotel is very convenient for shopping and not too far from theatreland. The breakfast was very good also. Massive problem for us was our room - We booked online and there were no en-suite rooms available for our stay. We were obviously aware of this but because of the convenient location we still made the booking. The shared facilities were dirty. Toilet down one flight, shower room down 2 flights. Our room was at the top of the hotel - 10 flights up with no lift. Maybe OK for young people but carrying our cases up and down 88 narrow stairs was no joke! There was no mention of this on the website. The room had plenty of drawers but hardly any hanging space. The TV reception was poor and being at the top of the hotel the room was unbearably hot. Because of the above I would not recommend this hotel to anybody.Angela - Jersey, Channel Islands	
Aug 3 2006 	Perfect Location; Great Breakfast	My husband and I stayed at the Edward Lear in October 2003 and it made our whole London trip. The full English breakfast, with sausage, beans, tomatoes, eggs, tea and toast, served to order in a sunroom, is something we still try to duplicate. The whole Edward Lear theme, and the fact that he actually lived here, was adorable. The building was beautiful - &quot;craggy brown brick&quot; type 6 story building, though the interior reminded me faintly of my college dorm. And the location was perfect, perfect, perfect: 1 block away from the subway, Hyde Park, a major bus stop, and parking, in a VERY central but still residental and relatively safe area of London.Expectations are important, though. It is not an American style commercial hotel. It is not a luxury hotel. Think charming discount european style b&amp;b -- approaching a hostel but with more privacy -- and you'll be pretty close. Many of the rooms do not have private bath - we were on the top floor with a shower and sink directly in the room, but no toilet. It was down the hall and it was perfectly clean. The stair climb (6 stories no elevator) might be a problem for some. Just be aware of what it is and isn't, and enjoy it to the fullest!	
Jul 21 2006 	Very Disappointing	Our first trip to London was marred by our hotel stay. It was dirty and lacked charm. We arrived before check-in and asked if there was a bathroom available. They directed us a room just off the breakfast room that looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months (think gas station restroom). Not all rooms have a private bath, so some guests have to use this one. I got a sinking feeling right away. My in-laws ended up with a room right next to the front door with the shower stall located next to the bed. My husband and I had a large bathroom, but no shower stall, just a handheld shower that had a leak, so water sprayed everywhere and the hotel had tried unsuccessfully to fix with tape! I don't believe our tub was ever cleaned during our 5 night stay. We were given small hotel soaps in our room at check-in but not provided with additional soaps until we asked. I also noticed that while the white bath towels appeared to be laundered every day, one day I saw stains on a towel I was about to use. In addition, the decor was last updated sometime in the 1960's, I'm sure. And a couple days we waited for in line for 20 minutes to eat breakfast because the seating is inadequate for the number of guests.	
Jun 13 2006	Great location friendly staff uncomfortable beds	The Edward Lear is reasonably priced when compared to other hotels in London and the location is perfect. Oxford Street is two blocks away, Marble Arch tube station is right around the corner and Speaker's Corner where many tours stop is close as well.The hotel staff is very friendly and breakfast is included which is a great deal. We took advantage of that every morning.The hotel does not have a lift so if you're lucky like us to stay on the 3rd floor, you will have to carry your bags up and down the narrow stairs. Also, we thought the room was OK but the beds were not very comfortable. There's a plastic lining under the sheet which stuck to me if the sheet came undone.We stayed for three nights and if I were to visit London again, I would not stay here again because of the beds.	
Apr 20 2006	Great Location but with stairs!	My family stayed 5 nights at the Edward Lear and overall we were very happy with it. Saving some accommodation money meant we had more to spend on other things in London. The showers certainly aren't great, the rooms aren't huge, the beds weren't wonderfully comfortable, but the breakfast is plentiful and the place is clean and tidy. Our biggest problem was being located on the fourth floor without a lift! A long way for my husband to lug all our bags after a long flight! Still, it was very quiet once you got there and the central London location was so convenient. We didn't spend much time in our rooms anyway, so why pay more?	
Feb 12 2006	Value for Money	We stayed at the Hotel in January, 2006 on our weekend shopping in London. The hotel was old but quite cute. Great for travellers with a low budget for Hotels and those who do not wish to spend long periods in their room. The rooms are quite small, witht thin walls. There is everything you need to have a shower and sleep, even though you will have to step out of the shower soaked with water in the middle of the room. The breakfast was great with variety of food. One of the only problems with this hotel was that it didn't have a lift and it was fairly frustrating to go up 4 storeys with heavy shopping bags. We will definetly return, but with our room being maximum on the 2nd floor. Afterall you get value for money, cheap hotel close to oxford street.	
Sep 2 2005	Quaint Clean and at a great price.	This hotel is an OLD house, so don't expect something modern. The rooms were quaint, clean, and comfortable. If you don't know how to pack for a trip (carry huge, heavy suitcases), remember there is no elevator. But, there is free internet access in the lobby area, although it is a slow dialup. Also, the included breakfast is an excellent value. This is an inexpensive hotel in an expensive city. Our beds (wife and daughter) were very comfortable. The hotel is a short two blocks from Marble Arch tube station. There are pubs and restaurants of all varieties within blocks. We highly recommend this hotel for the value conscious. It's like staying in an old mansion. I wouldn't hesitate to book the Edward Lear again. If you're into snobbery, stay at the Hiatt down the street.	
Aug 6 2005	great staff good value	I've traveled the world and can only do so because I do it on a budget and I love the Edward Lear. My criteria is clean, safe. friendly and economical. I have found this little hotel a great value for the money. My room has always been clean and adequate...not fancy, but not shabby either. Last year was the third time I stayed there and I will take my granddaugter to London in 07 and hope to stay there again. The staff is wonderfully helpful and knowledgeable with any questions about London, getting around etc. I was going to tube it to the airport when they informed me I could cab it for less money (not to mention the hassel!) The first time I stayed was 20 years ago and I must say it has not had much updating since then but the price has not wildly increased either.Great restaurants nearby, felt very safe even as a woman alone in early evening, close to tube and shopping. The breakfast was very good each time I was there, lots of choice and well-prepared. Met interesting people who also choose this little oasis away from home over and over as I do. I've read the bedbug comments and am sure if some tourist brought bugs to the hotel they have rectified the problem. You can't search people as they enter and it can happen to any hotel. Could the carpet use a cleaning? Yes as in most places, but the beds are VERY clean. As for carrying luggage up steps...that is nothing unusual in small hotels in Europe. These are OLD buildings, many are converted homes. If you are looking for elegance and pampering....spend another 100 pounds and go elsewhere....if you are looking for clean, adequate, friendly, safe, Edward Lear is a good value.	
Jul 20 2005 	Don't believe the bad stuff	I lived at the Ed Lear Hotel for TWO months, due to an unfortunate incident at the flat I was supposed to live in. They gave me an excellent price per night. My room was always clean and bed was always made. I never saw and bugs at all in my room, and I have never even seen a fly come into my room. Being as though the hotel is in an old home, there is no elevator, but I managed to climb to the top floor for my stay there. For the price of this hotel and the location it is at, it is the best. My first week in London I stayed at a four star hotel that was less than four star in my opinion and ridiculously overpriced. The TV is small, but why go to London if you are going to watch TV all the time. The food was okay, and they always allowed me to take ceral up to my room, as much as I wanted. The showers are fine. The toliets are fine. The hotel smelled of cigarettes on the first floor, but people do smoke over here. The internet access was fine, and being as though it was free I wasn't going to comlain about the speed. I never had a problem with hot and cold water, since it isn't too hard to figure out what was hot and what was cold. The location is amazing, and for the price (I only had to pay £33 a night) I think the value is amazing.	
Jul 18 2005	Charming and affordable	This hotel was one of the few we could find with a central location, a private bath, and less than 100 pounds in July. We were quite happy there, but it isn't for everyone.Good points-Very helpful and friendly desk staff. Decent size room, clean, nice long tub. We asked for a quiet location and that is what we got- a room facing a side street so we could sleep with windows open. About 3 blocks to the tube or bus stops (Marble Arch). Neighborhood feels safe- I could walk to parks and tree-lined streets, also close to shopping/ restaurants. Huge and tasty breakfast included. Free internet (15 minute limit, slow connection, so don't count on doing much more than quick emails).Bad points-Lumpy bed. Bath and walls show age (cracks, etc.- part of the character, nothing functional). Steep stairs.Conclusion-If you don't mind a hotel that shows its age a bit, this is a very good value. If you prefer modern and sleek, you won't like it.	
Jun 4 2005	Depends on your expectations	A few things first... You're not going to get much for your money in London no matter where you stay. Many hotels in London are old houses/townhouses/or buildings that have been converted into a hotel, thus not all rooms are the same size. You're in a big city, therefore there will be street noise even with &quot;double glazed&quot; windows. Once you get past those things and accept them, this is not such a bad place to stay. My wife and I were happy here for the 3 days we were in London. The hotel itself is cute, and looks nice from the outside with plants and flowers arranged nicely. The buildings surrounding it however, were not as picturesque. Location was convenient, very close to Hyde Park, shopping, and the underground. We got room 28, which was more than roomy. I can see though, that this place is a hit or miss kind of hotel depending on what room you get. You could luck out like we did, or you could get stuck in a broom closet. Service was very good. Our room was serviced each day, the front desk was very helpful storing our luggage for the day after we checked out, and breakfast was very good. The toilet was a up half a flight of stairs from our room, but we didn't mind. We never saw any others use it, and never had to wait or anything. The bath/shower in our room was fine. The shower consists of a shower head hanging on a cord rather than one fixed to the wall. So, this place was great for our needs. If you are coming to London expecting to get anything resembling an American hotel (in terms of what you get for your money), you're not going to like most hotels. This place is one of the more economical choices, and we found it to be clean, quaint, and adequate.	
Apr 13 2005	Legendary Service	This hotel is a perfect fit for those of you visiting London. Not only was the place beautiful as well as immaculant, but the customer service was far above and beyond the average expectation. The staff is very welcoming, knowledgable and courteous. The food.....FANTASTIC!!!I highly recommend this hotel to those of you who are interested in travel through London. They make their customers feel comfortable with the relaxing environment and exceptionally clean establishment at extremely low rates.	
Mar 18 2005	Edward Lear Hotel was Gross!!!	We had planned to stay at the Edward Lear Hotel for 1 night while we were in London. When we checked in we recieved room 1A which is right next to the reception desk, so we could hear everything that everyone outside of our room was saying. As we got into our room the first thing we noticed was that there was a shower in the middle of the room on top of what looked like a man made box that was painted black. THere was not even tile around it, it was dirty inside and the shower head was laying on the floor! THen was noticed that the carpet looked like it had never been cleaned. It was suppose to be red, but was black all around the edges of the room! Then when we sat on the bed for some reason the comforter was damp/wet. Then my friend tried to use the toilet only to find out that there was actually directions on how to use it and even when we followed the directions it still did not work!!! When we decided that we could not stay there, it took them almost an hour to turn the phone on so that we could make other arrangments. Also there was a sign in our room that said they were not responsible for anything that we left in our room while we were out. And to top it all off when we tried to check out of our room no more than 1 hour after we had checked in, they refused to give us any of our money back!!!	
Mar 8 2005	Budget character and location	We had to downgrade once we got to London due to some unexpected banking issues. We went to the Edward Lear because of price. This place is cute! So much character. Positives: close to the tube, close to great diners and shops. Negatives: thin walls, small tvs, bathrooms outside of room, bed uncomfortable. If you are going to London to sightsee, consider it. It truly is a great deal if you are just looking for a room. A romantic weekend--don't stay here. If you don't mind buying a tube day pass to head into Soho for activities, this is a great spot with simply a bed and a fairly clean bathroom. No frills, great for students.	
Feb 28 2005	Don't stay here!	My advise would be to avoid this hotel and spend a few extra pounds if you have to, because that's what I'll be doing next time. In my quest for a reasonably priced quad in London (and it was a quest, I assure you), I came across this hotel. I figured, most of the reviews were good, with a couple of exceptions, so I guess it's fine. Plus, the price and location are good. So, I booked it. Well, I got back yesterday, and I don't think I've ever been so glad to leave a hotel as I was to leave the Edward Lear. Our ensuite hot water didn't work, despite some effort, and I was advised to use the adjacent hall shower, &quot;and if that doesn't work there's another one one floor down.&quot; Well, I was in the shower, my hair soaped up, and lo and behold, the water trickles down to nothing. So I had fun walking soaking wet and soapy to my room to rinse my hair in freezing water in a tiny room sink. The same gent who was purportedly &quot;fixing&quot; the water situation turned on the rad in the room, said it would be hot, and asked if we wanted it off. We said we did, but he didn't turn it off, so we roasted for the next two nights, and had to have the windows wide open. Every morning they screwed up our breakfast order - one day they gave our orders to people who had just sat down, then, after a few minutes, realized their mistake and snatched them back for us. How hygienic! And last but not least, there was the morning when the cleaning woman knocked on our door and asked if we needed anything. When I said we'd be gone in an hour, but could she make our beds then, she said something, obviously not understanding what I meant, at which point I realised she was not an English speaker, and gave up. Who asks if you want a made-up bed? Hello! Just assume that you make up beds at a hotel! All in all, my worst experience at a hotel EVER, and I've been all over the world in lots of hotels, from a two dollar room in Southern Thailand to the some gorgeous five stars in Europe, North America, and Asia. Yuck!!!	
Jan 16 2005	loved the edward lear	october 2004, heard about the edwardlear through a friend who had stayed there the previous year. the cost was very reasonable for central london. the hotel was clean although not fancy. the cooked breakfast was a wonderful start to afun day of shopping in oxford street (1block away). the hotel staff were helpful, gave good advise on where to go what to see, they actually went out of their way to be helpful. many pubs and resturants were in walking distance. there were no elevators or porters so going upstairs with luggage was definatly a hassle. but for price and location well worth it. i will stay there again	
Jan 5 2005	Definately returning	After being born and bred in the Hospitality Industry I decided to stay in a B&amp;B to escape the hustle and bustle of larger hotels. (I manage a hotel in Malata).One of my colleauges recommended the Edward Lear and I found the staff warm and enthusiastic , my room comfortable and clean and to top it off a hearty English breakfast. Due to my position I always browse through Trip Advisor and was shocked to read sone negative reviews and I might add even 5 star hotels have the unfortunate problems of these Bed Bugs as they are actually brought in by an unknowing customer. So please do not let negative reports put uou off this fantastic little B&amp;B. I will definately be returning as will my own customers and co-workers.Keep up the good work Edward Lear.	
Jan 4 2005	warm and friendly	We have just return from London. It was so nice to stayed in the Edward Lear Hotel. The staff were very friendly and helptfull and nothing was to much trouble. The location briliant and we felt very safe. We found London very expensive but the Edward Lear hotel was within our budget, we will definitely stay there again. Ania and Konrad	
Dec 23 2004	Good buy great location will return	We stayed here 6 nights in March and found the hotel a great buy for the money. It's not 5 star and doesn't claim to be.Our room (AND BATHROOM) was clean, breakfast good, staff helpful... and ceratinly NO BUGS! The computer was a bit dicey, but there is a sister hotel a few blocks away where you can go and use theirs at no cost. (Don't recall the Dorchester offers free internet connection, so what do you want?)We'll stay there again, you can't beat the location anywhere near this price!	
Sep 18 2004	good value for money	I just returned from my trip to London. I always check reviews on tripadvisor before travelling anywhere and am now surprised with what I read about the Edward Lear! I had a very pleasant stay and would recommend it to anyone. I chose the Edward Lear Hotel due to its great location. It was my first trip to London and I wanted to be close to tourist attractions. Upon my arrival I found the hotel very cosy looking and could feel a friendly atmosphere when I walked into it. I chose to stay in a standard single room and knew that there was no private bathroom. My room was located on the top floor and there was no lift so this put me off a little bit, but once I got to the room I felt comfortable and safe. Even though it is in central London it was very quiet and relaxing. The decoration was a little bit old fashion and needd updating, but the room was kept clean and I received a room service on daily basis. The hotel's staff was very friendly and helpful. I got great advise on how to get to different places what saved me quite a bit of money. Breakfast was excellent, trditional English breakfast and lighter option that included cereal, juices and toast. All included in the price. I was also pleased to see that there is some renovation work going on.I would definately stay there again, especially when travelling on my own as I found this cute hotel a very safe and comfortable. Good value for money.	
Sep 1 2004	Our home in London		
Sep 1 2004	Regular	I have been staying at Edward Lear Hotel for about 7 months (on and off). Briliant location, clean rooms and lovely breakfast (full English)...great value for money!!!	
Aug 27 2004	Bed bugs do bite here		
Jul 20 2004	I'd go back !!		
Jun 25 2004	A very nice place to stay		
Jun 12 2004	Don't let the bed bugs...		
Jun 1 2004	Fine place to stay		
May 31 2004	Edward Lear - A Fine Little Hotel		
May 9 2004	Stay Away!		
Feb 9 2004	Dread the Ed		
Feb 1 2004	there was an hotel in london		
Oct 21 2009 	come a casa		
Sep 2 2009 	Sentirsi a casa a Londra		
Jul 17 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité-prix et excellente localisation		
Jun 10 2009 	Solide mit Highlights		
May 1 2009 	Nous reviendrons au prochain séjour		
Apr 26 2009 	Enthousiasmant pour ses services son prix et sa situation		
Mar 4 2009 	ci tornerò		
Dec 17 2008 	Tres Bon Hotel		
Aug 17 2008 	Por debajo de nuestras expectativas pero aceptable...		
Apr 17 2008 	scelta giusta		
Aug 15 2007 	avantage coût /situation		
