Sep 11 2009 	Great Location horrible shoe-box room	First impression was &quot;wow&quot;! Looked fancy, from the outside. Hauled my luggage up to the very top room, opened the door to a depressing looking room. All the furniture and bedding looked about 20 years old. The room smelled moldy and dirty. Thank god I didn't spend much time in it. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting, it looked like it hadn't been touched in years. The one redeeming quality was being within walking distance to some major attractions.	
May 14 2009 	Good hotel 	It is really really good hotel, not luxurious but comfortable. nice and friendly people runing it, they don't pretend to be kind like many business people just to get your money but they are honestly kind. fantastic location, clean room. if you are looking for good hotel in london, then don't waste your time, this is one of them. you will feel safe inside and outside the hotel. also many famous people stayed their, ask them for the list. london is fantastic, so enjoy it.	
Jan 15 2009 	The best hotel I have stayed in	I visited london 4 times in my life and everytime i had problems findind a good hotel. But this one is without any doubt the best hotel i stayed in for a long time. The location is perfect, only a few minutes walk to buckingham palace and other nice places, you feel very safe inside and outside the hotel, as a woman with 2 children i did not have any problem (my husband joined us 2 days later). It looks old though, but It is very clean hotel, fresh and clean shits, towels,soap...But the most important thing about this hotel is the friendliness of the staff and the genuine kindness of the manager or owner, Johnny. We made a reservation for 2 people but we brought our 2 children with us; But it was not a problem as they gave us a family room with no extra charge. This place is really cozy and you feel at home here...So thank you so much for making our holiday a special one especially to Christina, Andreea, Anna, Liza, Mirela and of course to Johnny. We'll send you a card from Canada and hope to see you next year !Just one more thing: before we left this hotel we asked the manager why some people wrote bad reviews about your hotel ?he said that if some people smoke in the rooms or drunk and disturbed other guests or behave badly we have the right to ask them to leave for the peace of other guests. It is not possible to please everybody .	
Oct 16 2008 	Disappointing Hotel	For the first five days our our trip to England in August 2008, we stayed here. The room we had was just okay but it needed a lot of maintainance (wallpaper coming off, lights that didn't work, leaky shower door) but it was okay enough to remain there. After spending two nights in another city, I came back by myself and stayed at Westminster again. This time just for one night. I got a different room than before. What was really bad in this room was the mold in the bathroom (behind the sink, in the shower, on the shower head, and on the wall and ceiling). I was glad I was staying for only one night. I told the manager about the mold when I left. He said he didn't know about it and waits for the cleaning staff to inform him of any problems. In my opinion, I think the manager should occasionally check rooms to make sure everything is okay and not wait for the cleaning staff to tell him. Most of the maintenance work required would not take much money , just some time and routine cleaning. Therefore, after my experience I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 15 2008 	Horrible rooms dishonest staff	Horrible rooms and disgraceful staff. As a couple, we booked a twin room but on arrival were told that they only had two single rooms, each with only a single bed and on separate floors. We were told that if we didn\'t like it, we \'could leave, it\'s not our problem'. This was at 11:30pm, as our flight was late, and it was quite obvious they knew we wouldn\'t have much of an option at that hour. But, after seeing that the area had loads of hotels, we decided we preferred to share a room together, as you would, and left. But then we were charged for the night!!!!!!!!!!!The hotel didn\'t provide the room I booked and then had the cheek to charge me anyway! Now, after disputing with hostelworld, they have lied and said they did provide it.Even without this disgusting experience,which obviously shows they care more about £54 than customers, I would warn you against the hotel. The two rooms we were given, #5 and #7, were tiny, which they admit to, but they don\'t mention the mould, the smell and the dirty bed sheets do they? Yes, the location is awesome, but, lucky for us at midnight, there are loads of hotels on the same street. In fact we were taken in by a lovely South African guy at the Harcourt Hotel - well recommended.As for this hotel, it is a horrible looking place and the staff and owners have shown that they will rip anyone off given half a chance. There are loads of lovely hotels on the same street &amp; plenty in London. Advise you stay well clear of this greedy, dishonest, ripoff &amp; hideous hotel.	
Sep 17 2008 	Small But Perfectly Formed	We arrived very tired and with much trepidation after reviewing many,many hotels in this district.We were very pleasantly surprised.The hotel was clean,quiet,comfortable,cute and above all,in a perfect location.Johnny and the staff were very accommodating.We'll definitely stay here again. M&amp;P	
Jun 13 2008	Very Basic 	The best thing about the place is its location- its very central, but the room was smaller than my bathroom, and my bathroom is tiny. It was like a cupboard. The door had a simple Yale lock which wasn't very secure, and I had my room robbed. The owner was somewhat sympathetic, but offered no compensation, pointing out that there was a notice in the lobby about securing items with reception. The net result was that I ended up staying in most of the last day of my short holiday, and leaving the hotel &amp; London early - glad to be going home.At £45.00 a night its a cheap deal for London I suppose, but I can't help thinking that there are far better places to stay - my experience of theft ruined my holiday , and I think I would fork out a little more cash to have a room that is wider than the width of my outstretched hands !	
Mar 18 2008 	Lovely Hotel Clean and Comfortable	I only stayed here for two nights because they were full for one of the nights of my trip, but I wish I had stayed the whole time. Although they accidentally gave us twin beds rather than a double, the rest of the stay was perfect. We are in college and are pretty easy to please, but I can honestly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for somewhere quiet, simple, and comfortable. The hotel is in a great upper class part of town, and we felt very safe walking back late at night. Our room was decorated in shabby chic fashion. We had a sink and a mirror in the room, but a shared bathroom down the stairs. My other hotel (Eaton House) had a private bathroom which was much smaller and dirtier than the nice big roomy shared bathroom here. The water was always hot and had plenty of pressure. They have hairdryers for hire which is a big plus. They leave croissants and tea in the room so you can eat whenever you want to in the morning. The staff is very kind and helpful, and I think the owner lives in the basement ( I knocked on the office door at 8pm for a hairdryer and he came out in his robe and was so nice to me!). There isn't an elevator, but the stairs aren't too treacherous. When you check in, you get a key to the front door (which is locked all the time), so you can come and go as you please...no curfew! The C1 bus stop is right down the street, and it takes you to the Sloane Square tube stop. The C1 only runs every 10-12 minutes though, so I usually just walked to the tube myself...about 7-8 minutes. This hotel is a great value for the traveler on a budget, especially if you are still young and not expecting 5 star quality for 65 pounds a night. I booked on hostelworld.com and found my rate there.	
Mar 7 2008	wonderful service	We walked around the entire area and viewed numerous hotels. This hotel was by far the cleanest and most comfortable we had been in. The proprietor was extremely nice and really went out of his way to make sure our stay was pleasureable. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is affordable, comfortable, clean, and the location is excellent.	
Feb 24 2007 	Can't reccomend it sorry	Despite the geniune hospitality of the owner, Glyn, I can't reccomend this hotel. I am NOT picky when it comes to hotels, I just want a cheap, safe clean place to crash for a few hours, that's why I picked this one. Close to Victoria train station, and cheap as far as London goes. We had the family room on the ground floor for the 4 of us, my wife a nd 2 teen girls. It was a dingy, dirty little box of a room. For me the worst part was the bed, it was like sleeping on a pile of stones. I became intimately familiar with every coil in the mattress, all 12 of them. Couldn't sleep at all. I can't recommend the place place. The owner, Glyn, was very nice and gracious, but the room just didn't meet, even my low standards.	
Sep 19 2006 	Safe comfortable clean 	Simple with no frills, but an absolutely wonderful experience. Left our bags with them since we arrived about 2 hours early.. retrieved them when we returned. They even kept our excess bags when we short-jaunted to Scotland (we were returning to Westminster after the brief trip). The food is simple but delicious. I have stayed 4 times with this establishment and have no hesitation in recommending it.By the way, aside from the phenomenal access to Victoria Station which will get you ANYWHERE, the Ebury Bar is just a stones throw (and across the street) is a world-class food establishment.. informal and with great service.	
Aug 11 2006 	Innkeeper who saved our vacation	We were staying at a horrible hotel down the street called the Alison House Hotel. It was poorly run, smelly, full of mildew, drafty, and creepy. We had booked for a week after Christmas and worried we were stuck there forever until we found the Westminster. Glyn the owner showed us the room he had available and we were able to check in immediately. There is no elevator but the hotel is charming and warm. Glyn makes you feel like a guest in his home. He saved our vacation and we are eternally greatful. The breakfast was delicious. The location was ideal. It was close to the Tube, buses and trains. Yet the road it is on is quiet. I highly recommend this hotel if you like the B&amp;B experience and you are looking for a clean and affordable place to stay in a central location.	
Dec 14 2005	Affordable lodging in London	The Westminster House has such an ideal location (less than five minute walk to Victoria Station, it is easy to overlook some shortcomings.Hospitable hosts, good breakfast, safe street in Belgravia, and adequate facilities in Hotel (no lift). Ebury Street is quiet as night, and many restaurant options exist within a two block circle.Westminster was a fifteen minute from Harrods in Knighbridge, and along the way, you pass many of the embassies located in London.The room was clean, except for terribly worn out carpets (see below), and the linens were bright white and crisply laundered.At check out, I mentioned the carpets to Mr. Jones (the owner), who told me the Hotel was having all new carpeting installed the week of December 12th-19th, 2005. If this was completed, my rating of the hotel would improve dramatically.Don't expect amenities of a four star hotel, this is simple, clean and affordable lodging while in London.	
Jun 15 2005	What a find.	Booked at short notice and ended up here as there was nothing else available in our price range. What a find. No more than 5 minutes walk from Victoria coach station: maybe about 7 minutes to Victoria main line and tube stations.(I walk slowly so all you fit young things will be there in half the time!) Buses are within 5 minutes also. Hotel is in quiet street in beautiful Belgravia. It's B&amp;B but several restaurants/bars are within walking distance and all of London is at your disposal with excellent transport links. This place may not suit those of you that expect jacuzzi baths and rooms the size of small cities: it's a converted house and rooms are traditionally decorated. It's not the Ritz by any means but neither is it £2000 per night! You will get a warm welcome, a key to the front door and a lovely English breakfast. I would definitely stay here again. Oh by the way there is no lift, but there are ground floor rooms available.	
Nov 11 2008 	Bien situado		
