	Cleanliness not up to scratch	Overall stay was fine - I don't expect too much from central London. Stayed one night based on previous reviews. Room was small (expected) and quiet but extremely dark. . Decor I would describe as dated but for one night I didn't mind. Cleanliness of the bathroom though was a disappointment. Lifted the toilet seat and quite clearly it hadn't been cleaned which then made me wonder whether anything else really had been cleaned. Perhaps this is why it was so incredibly dark!	
Nov 8 2009 	Poor Service and Terrible Hotel DO NOT STAY HERE	We arrived at the above hotel to find after almost an hour waiting in reception that they had not allocated us a room. They transferred us to their sister hotel in Paddington (not the area of London we wanted to stay) however the room we were allocated was completely unsuitable. We booked for 2 adults and a child requiring a cot however the room was accessed via 8 steps inside the rooms front door (so it was almost impossible to get our pushchair in) then the room its self had a small double bed up against 3 walls and an (extremely dirty including a used plaster stuck to it) travel cot unmade up. We tried to make this cot up however the room was too small to fit the cot in even when we moved out all movable furniture into the shower room. We contacted the manager who said this was the only room available and we &quot;should be lucky to have this&quot; as she had to &quot;call around to get this&quot; for us. By this time it was 10pm and we had gone to check in at the original hotel at 7pm. My daughter is 2years old and very tired as it was 3 hours past her bedtime. The manager gave us access to the hotel computer to find alternative accommodation but would not tell us any local hotel names outside the chain which she told us again had no other rooms. My husband tried to contact lastminute.com who we booked the room with but the phone line was closed and at this very late time in the day we could not find an alternative so we had no choice but to stay in the room offered as an alternative to the room we booked. This room was NOT suitable for us and was in no way &quot;Deluxe&quot; as it is called or a suitable alternative for the &quot;just refurbished&quot; room we had in our booking. The shower room was clean however the sink did not drain properly and their was no cold water. As their was no room for a cot and the bed was very small our daughter had to sleep on the floor. The room was very noisy both from outside as their was not adequate sound proofing/double glazing and their was also a lot of noise from other rooms, we could hear the tv of our neighbours very clearly and were woken by other guests loud arguments, swearing and door slamming. I fully realise that other guests actions are not the fault of the hotel or yourselves however this made our stay even worse. The bed linen was stained, the fridge did not work, the light smoked and smelt of burning, their was a dead bug on the desk and an alive one crawling up the wall and I think their should have been a radiator cover but instead their was a broken and rough bit of wall and wood (not very safe for my daughter or us adults either) In summary the hotel we booked had not allocated us a room, we had a long wait for a room, the alternative hotel was not in the area we wanted to stay in and its room was unsuitable, unclean and unsafe. Please don't book this hotel chain	
Oct 13 2009 	Clean quiet and in good location	We stayed in this hotel for one night and had booked it on the internet. We arrived early and our room wasnt ready but the receptionist was happy to give the porter our bag to keep safe. On our return we were given our room which had been upgraded to a club-room without us asking! The room was exceptionally clean and had a fridge, microwave, t.v., hairdryer, iron, ironing board and tea and coffee. The room was hot but the air-conditioning cooled it after about half an hour.The hotel is about five minutes walk from Baywater tube station and in a quiet location. If you are eating out there are many places to chose from within a couple of minutes walk such as Bella Italia, Pizza Hut, Macdonalds, Burger King, a couple of pubs and an independent Italian restaurant which is where we dined and would recommend.	
Oct 6 2009 	Good hotel - staff is superfriendly	In some earlier reviews guests complained about noise and non-working airco and elavator.We had no complaints at all!The hotel has just been renovated and the lobby and room were nicely furnished and superclean. We had a Club Room, which is problably a little bit bigger then the others. The room was fine, and the facilities also. We got clean towels and sheets everyday.The location was very good too. Notting Hill is a niece quiet neigbourhood with 2 subway-stations near the hotel. The staff was superfriendly. They were even prepared to pick up a shopping-bag that we lost at a nearby shopping mall. They picked it up and send it to us in Holland. Is better service possible?! (thx Rosy!)	
Sep 22 2009 	Nice small hotel in great location	After reading previous negative reviews, I was seriously thinking about cancelling and booking into another hotel. HOWEVER, I have to honestly say I am glad I didn't. I had booked a 4 night stay in the club room with my partner. The room and bathroom were kept spotlessly clean and we even had our room serviced after not leaving the room till 2pm one day which I wasn't expecting. Decor was modern throughout the hotel.Yes, the rooms could be bigger, but for the price and prime location in Notting Hill value it was exceptional value. ( Just under £40 per night p person! ) The staff were extremely helpful. We had a room on the 3rd floor with wonderful views over the park. I would happily go back but would request the same room probably. All in all , really enjoyed the hotel and visit to London.	
Sep 18 2009 	The worst hotel i have ever stayed in	I don't know where to start with this nightmare hotel. We arrived at the hotel at 4.15pm and were told that they could not check us in due to a break down in the computer system and was asked to wait 10 minutes. An hour later and even though the computer system was still down they offered us a room. On entering the room we found that someone was already in the room watching telly which was so embarrasing for all concerned. I was pleased we didn't have that room as it was sooooo small. We went back to reception and 10 minutes later they offered us another room and was told they had checked the room. Once in the room, we realised someone was in it as the wardrobe was full of clothes and toiletries were in the bathroom. We went back to reception and said we would go and eat whilst they sorted it out which we really didn't want to do as it was raining and we were already wet through. We returned to the hotel where we were told they would be sending us to their sister hotel round the corner. The taxi they ordered took us to the wrong hotel so we then had to walk to the right one. It was now 8pm.Once we got there we were given a room that was so small, the bed could only be accessed from one side. the telly did not work and the tubes must run right underneath the hotel so it sounded like an earthquake in the room every 2 minutes. At this point we checked out and started the 110 mile journey home. The next day we realised they had charged our account the price of the room so we phoned up to get our refund and was told that we had to put our complaint in writing and would not refund our money. What a disgrace! I understand that computers sometimes breakdown but the way they treated us was awful.It took over 4 hours to check us in and the room although clean was like being in a hamster cage and was exactly the same as the room we'd seen earlier. I hope anyone reading takes note of this and doesn't visit this dreadful hotel	
Aug 30 2009 	small but clean	The rooms didn't quite match the photos in the internet. They were remarkably smaller than what you might think by checking the images. Nevertheless, the rooms were very clean and pretty and the staff was friendly. There's no internet access in the hotel room (unless you have a laptop), but you can use the internet in the club room next to the lobby. The temperature in the corridors was probably about 35 degrees but there are air conditioning facilities in the rooms.	
Aug 22 2009 	I felt like 'Alice in Wonderland'.	I booked a two night stay, paid a little extra for a deluxe double; looking for somewhere to stay on a regular basis with regularly planned visits to the capital to visit my grandson working in London. The location was good, the view over the square nice, the staff first class, BUT I was given room 101!!!It is the smallest, compact room I have ever seen in any hotel or indeed house!There was only a legs width at the bottom of the bed to get to the other side. The shower was also very tight. Was this a deluxe double??On departing and commenting the above - as well as in a subsequent letter they say: '...it's a Victorian building and they're smaller rooms...' TWADDLE Victorian rooms aren't small. They also said, when I mentioned I was looking for a regular spot that I should have said before and I could have been moved to a larger or 'club' room. WHY!! I think it was because I was a middle-aged lady - without a partner (more likely to complain), who might never come back (or say anything)Remeber...The Shaftesbury Premier London, Notting Hill, Room 101 (and I don't know whether there are other rooms where you feel like ALICE IN WONDERLAND. chf	
Aug 2 2009 	I do not believe this is a 4 star hotel!	I stayed here with my partner for 7 nights in July 2009 and when I booked the accommodation was described as 4*Deluxe Double Room. This description was very misleading unless you happened to be a midget! We changed rooms immediately as the first room offered was in the basement and was poorly lit since the only view from the window were 2 large air conditioning ducts and the toilet seat was loose. The second room did have a large balcony (about the size of the room) and although the room and bathroom were tastefully decorated everything was on a minute scale. The wardrobe was so small that the safe (not securely fitted) was standing on its end as to have had it standing in the correct position would have prevented the wardrobe door closing. In addition an iron board and iron were placed in the wardrobe rendering it marginally better than useless.The bed was up against 3 walls so my partner had to climb over me to get in and out of bed! The shower was so small that any person of average stature or above would not be able to get in and out without touching the shower doors. We would definitely not stop in this hotel again or indeed this area of London where 90% of hotels in my opinion are inferior to the description under which they are sold.	
Jul 14 2009 	Tiny rooms great location	I paid £75 the day before my stay on laterooms.com for a single room without breakfast in July. In addition to the price, the free internet access and proximity to the tube were also factors that encouraged me to stay at the hotel.On arrival I was asked to take a seat as the receptionist had gone to the bathroom. I was tired, hot and hungry and when I arrived at my room in the basement I began to wonder whether I should have chosen more carefully.The room was absolutely tiny and being located in the basement added to its gloomy feel. Dropping my luggage i headed out to find something to eat and was struck by how nice the street was (it was a nice sunny evening) and when I arrived at Queensway a very short walk away, how well placed the hotel was for shops and other attractions. Returning later to my room, it hadn't got any bigger, but I did notice that the quality of furnishings was good and the internet connection was great. So overall, despite the cramped room I would probably stay here again if, like this time I just had 1 night for a business trip. The location, especially in summer, when proximity to the park is an added bonus, is uplifting and makes up for the room size!	
Jul 1 2009 	Excellent stay with helpful staff	My wife and I stayed at this hotel 3 nights in June 2009. The rooms were clean, adequate space and free internet connection with cable in the room. Particularly important for foreign visitors was that the staff at the desk were particularly helpful in every way. We original made a four-day reservation online with a hotel reservation service. The day before our arrival we had to cancel the fourth day. The hotel reservation service (perhaps eager to extract its commission) tried to make us pay for the fourth day, but the hotel desk staff let us pay only for the three days we stayed. Location is 5 minutes walk to the underground Bayswater station.	
Jun 5 2009 	Ladies and Gentlemen Welcome To Hell!	What a place to stay! You get a cardboard box that's too small for an average New York rat and has no window to jump out through and end the torture. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, it does have something that opens into the open air, but ,with all due respect and honesty, calling that bit of plastic that opens into some sort of a dirty catacomb that entirely occupied by a bizzare and exceptionally noisy contarption is pushing the definition too far. I was in the hotel back in February as I had a job interview in London. All I was looking for was a clean and peaceful hotel, so that I could get some quality sleep. Since the heating was on full power, there was absolutely no air to breath. That in itself would not have been a big issue if it hadn't been for the nasty contraption in front of the so called window. The noise level created by that bloody thing is substantial and is fully capable of preventing a slightly stressed person from falling asleep. Air conditioner? Yes, the room had one, but it was right over the bed, just above the pillow.... From what the hotel staff told me, not all of the rooms opened into this beasty contraption. However, when I asked if it was possible to change the room, given that getting quality sleep that night was of paramount importance, I was shown 3-4 more rooms in the basement. Yes, in the basement, you heard that correctly. All of the them had the already infamous beast behind the so called windows. Seeing how they were of little improvement over my cardboard box, I decided to stay with the original. (The staff members were very nice and polite, but couldn't actually help me)And I will repeat this again, my room, as well as the others I was shown, were unacceptably tiny, even than compared to other London hotels of a similar status. Also, there was no fridge or microwave, which I though were meant to be there.On the bright side, the hotel was clean and there were no problems with the shower cabin.	
Apr 9 2009 	awful little hotel	I don't even know where to start. First off, I don't understand how this can be a 4-star hotel. The rooms are all very tiny and cramped - even the &quot;Club&quot; rooms. Honestly, I think the only difference between the regular rooms and the club rooms is the 32&quot; TV, a microwave and a very small fridge. Not worth the extra money you pay. The hotel's website is very misleading and misrepresents itself. Also, this hotel will try to charge you for every little extra they can think of. They actually measure outgoing phone calls in something they call &quot;units&quot; which are &quot;slightly less than a minute.&quot; I mean, what is that? We also got burned in how we paid for the room. We specifically told the guy at check-in that we wanted to pay in pounds so our credit card company could determine the exchange rate we got. Instead he charged us in US dollars (at a very generous exchange rate for the hotel.) Overall, this place is a complete and total ripoff... You can find much better value if you just look around.	
Feb 19 2009 	A fantastic hotel!	I spent a long time trawling the internet and cross referencing hotels with other reviews. Thank goodness I persevered and stumbled across this hotel. The good reviews this hotel has got a well deserved. Where people have complained, they are being very picky as although the rooms are indeed small, I have never stayed in a large London hotel room and got exactly what I expected.Myself and my partner spent 2 nights here in Feb '09 and it was very close to Bayswater tube and local amenities. I would stay here again and found the staff and location made the trip. Just think, if you don't want to stay in a small(er) room, don't stay here. If you don't mind compromising a little space, but want luxury at the same time, then this is the hotel for you!	
Jan 12 2009 	Great location newly renovated small room.	I was a bit apprehensive about this hotel after seeing some of the negative reviews, however the price (through the hotel website), the location (close to Paddington station for the Heathrow Express) and the fact that it was newly renovated led me to book with some confidence. On these three counts the hotel was excellent, I really liked the location, close to Notting Hill (popular for North Americans who saw the film), shops of all price ranges and the fantastic and colorful Portabello market (check out the antiques). The Hotel itself is on a quiet street, its clearly been modernised in the not too distant past and the staff were very helpful. Breakfast was hearty. The only thing that really stopped it from receiving an excellent rating was the size of the room. For London and England this room was not really small but if you are used to the large rooms normally provided for the North American market you would be somewhat disappointed.	
Jan 5 2009 	Awfully tiny cramped room	Booked an upper floor room 3 months prior to our stay. On arrival put in basement. Complained and were moved to the 4th floor. better.. However, TINY TINY room. a rabbit hutch is bigger and we had then been downgraded from club.Fed up complaining so as were only staying 3 nights put up with it, but at 53 do not enjoy climbing over each other to get out of bed, or draw the curtains. Had to get up one at a time. The pictures on the web site bear no resemblance what so ever to the actual hotel. VERY DISPLEASED. We will not be recommending this chain of hotels to our friends.	
Nov 16 2008 	A nice hotel	I don't understand why there are so many bad reviews about this hotel, I loved the place.Location was fab. Close to Bayswater station and local high street.Our room was cosy and clean. In the room, there was a big bed, a flat screen tv, a desk, tea and coffee facilities, a mini fridge and a microwave.The bathroom was small, but very clean.Would stay here again.	
Nov 8 2008 	Not bad for what it is	Pleasantly surprised by the hotel. Booked through their website. For a hotel in Central London at just over 100GBP including breakfast, this is not too bad. Yes the room is small but that is what you would expect from Central London. However, it is nicely decorated and clean. We got an upgrade to a club room and there were complementary fruit, slippers and bathrobe. The bathroom had a jacuzzi and was a pretty big size (it was up a flight of stairs in sort of an attic space). It is fairly close to Notting Hill Gate, Queensway and Bayswater tube station. If you need a place to stay for a weekend in London or shopping in Notting Hill area, this is not a bad choice.	
Oct 31 2008	Smallest Hotel Rooms in Britan	We have just returned from a short trip to London. My wife made the booking for myself and our two sons on line, at the Shaftesbury Premier London, Notting Hill. It was advertised as a four star hotel, so we were looking forward to a relaxing, time where we could enjoy the four star facilities. We arrived at 10.30pm and asked the very friendly receptionist where the lounge was located. He told us that they had no licence and were unable to provide any alcoholic or non alcoholic beverages. He apologised and told us there may be a bar around the corner a couple of hundred yards away. He told us that we had a tea making facility in our rooms. He also told us that the four star rating referred to the accommodation. The rooms allocated to us were well appointed, but were the smallest hotel rooms I have ever seen. They were the size of an average cabin on a cross channel ferry. The comfortable double bed, took up the entire width of the room, so the person sleeping on the inside had to climb over the other occupant if they wished to use the bathroom in the middle of the night. There was only enough room for one chair, so enjoying a drink while watching TV was not really practical for two people.Our overall impression was that the furniture in the rooms was very nice, but the management were offering very small single rooms as double rooms and were unfortunately charging double room prices.A four star rating implies a total package. I'm afraid the Shaftesbury Premier falls a long way short.	
Oct 13 2008 	Little Gem	This hotel was a really pleasent surprise.... Three of us stayed in what is known as a 'quad room' which is a double room with another double room adjoined by a small staircase. The decor in both the rooms was fantastic, and both rooms had plasma tv's. The shower room was also immaculately decorated and the complimentary soaps etc were unusually good (not the usual crap you see in a London hotel!)The hotel itself was also very well decorated, with a particularly funky reception area. My only real criticism was that the self serve English breakfast was slightly cold. The cost of the quad room was less than £180 which for London is very competitive if two couples share it.Overall, a very impressive, beautifully presented hotel stay. Recommended to all.	
Sep 16 2008	Disappointingly small room	Excellent location, facing a charming small park-square, only 5-10 minutes walk to the tube stations and lovely Hyde Park. Also very good local shopping on Queensway. Like most hotels in London the prices are a real rip-off. We had what was a &quot;clubroom&quot;, so we expected something special. The room was indeed nice but very small, only just enough room to squeeze between the double bed and the walls, and other furniture. Insufficient storage cupboard space, We stayed 6 nights, so had quite a few changes of clothes; we could not unpack properly as we very soon ran out of space to store them.Half the shallow wardrobe was filled up with an totally unnecessary ironing board, which should have been available &quot;on request&quot; only.	
Aug 27 2008 	Lovely hotel	Stayed here for one night as we were going to Notting Hill carnival. Hotels location was perfect, only a 5 minute walk to the carnival. There are shops and bars within a 2 minute walk away. Staff at the hotel were very friendly &amp; helpful. The room was fairly small but was nicely decorated &amp; had everything we needed. The bathroom was excellent, nice big shower &amp; lots of little toiletries. The room itself had kettle, tea, coffee, biscuits, hairdryer, iron with ironing board, fridge, microwave! We stayed on a Monday evening, breakfast was served between 8 - 10am. There wasnt a huge choice at breakfast but it was ok. We had breakfast included in our rate but if you havent, pre book it the night before as it works out slightly cheaper than paying after. Would stay here again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Worst Shaftesbury Premier EVER!!	Arrived at 9pm, they couldn’t find booking on system; glad I printed the reservation confirmation. Before booking the room I had used the Shaftesbury premier hotels before so I was joined to the members club. The club offers little extras that none members do get, such as flowers and fruit in room upon arrival, free room upgrade ect. Trust me it’s all a lie, none if it’s true there is nothing free, and when it came to upgrading the receptionist suggest that two people shared a single bed. The room its self was ok but the bathroom smelt very bad, the room allocated to me was 008. Problem with this room is that it was situated right next to the aircon extractor fan. So the whole night I stayed up hearing the loud fan rattle on. By 7am I had enough went to front desk and asked to change room, that’s when the receptionist suggest that two people share a single bed as they had no more double rooms. When suggest could they upgrade the room it was totally dismissed as impossibility.Over all the hotel was ok, but if you want a good night sleep make sure it’s not room 008 or a different hotel	
Jul 22 2008 	Lovely hotel	We booked this hotel for my Nan's 70th birthday and was extremely pleased with the hotel. The new refurbishment was evident with all rooms having brand new bathroom suites and flat screen televisions. Complimentary fruit and mineral water alongside the usual tea and coffee was a nice addition, and bathrobes, slippers and extra bedding is available free of charge from reception. All hotel staff were pleasant, particularly those at reception and happy to help 24hours.The location is also rather good. It is about a 5 minute walk from Bayswater tube, and a couple of minutes further to get to Queensway depending on what line you want. The hotel is situated just back from Bayswater so you have the convienience of the shops (a tesco extra, subway, fruit and veg, pubs and many others) but the area itself is nice and quiet for a good nights sleep.Others have commented on the size of the rooms, and they are small but are of quality. Besides, we only used our rooms for sleeping. The only other minor gripe is with the breakfast. We got breakfast included within our rate, however, the £12.95 price for those who haven't is totally not worth it.All in all a great hotel, newly refurbished in a lovely location.	
Jul 21 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Good Location	Stayed in the Shaftesbury Notting Hill for 2 nights on the May Bank Holiday weekend and I have a very pleasant stay.The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and tidy; although the single rooms are quite small!The location was great, the area was quiet and the english buffet breakfast was amazing!Would definitely stay here again when I next visit London!	
Jul 10 2008 	good for London	This is a very good hotel for by London standards. Normally for this price you get a lot older and shabbier hotel somewhere in Paddington or Bayswater area, with tired-looking decor and indifferent staff. London hotels in general have a very bad price/quality ratio, so the Shaftesbury Premier London Notting Hill was a very welcomed surprise. The whole hotel is new, having been opened in March 2008, so everything is trendy and fashionable (the reception area even to the border of being kitsch). The hotel is in Bayswater rather than in actual Notting Hill, and both the Bayswater and Queensway tube stations are only about 10 minutes walk away. Bayswater is full of restaurants and shops, and there is a large shopping centre, Whiteleys, only 5 mins walk from the hotel. This hotel cannot help the fact that it is in an old building, so the rooms are small. We got a free upgrade into a bigger club room, which was not huge either, but quite comfortable for two. Everything in the room worked well, even thouh the signal in the flat screen TV was a bit blurred at times (maybe caused by heavy rain). The rooms are decorated with brown, gold and olive green shades, and ours was actually quite stylish. The ensuite was reasonably sized, and it had a spacious shower cubicle. As in the room, everything was new and immaculately clean. As we had one of the club rooms (404), there were little extras in the room: a fruit platter, mineral water, iron and ironing board, dressing gown and slippers as well as the normal tea/coffee facilities and toiletries in the bathroom. Everything was nicely presented. We also got 2 newspapers in the mornings, pushed under the door without waking us up.The breakfast was of average hotel buffet quality, except the coffee that was from an automat and not really good at all. Also the breakfast staff was a bit indifferent and not as friendly as the rest of the staff. However, overall the experience was very good, and this hotel offers good value, especially if you are on holiday and paying for the hotel yourself.	
Jun 9 2008 	Small but nice	Recently renovated ,infact they are still adding the finishing touches. Reception very modern, rooms more traditional. Very nice but rooms far too small. All the rooms are small, very small. No bar in the hotel but quite a few in the area and the one just across the road is very nice and serves good pub food. The breakfast in the hotel was very nice, however, again the dining room is tiny and the tables are squashed together. A lady came to the dining room with her pram..... no chance of her getting that in there.Staff polite. Shame about the size of all the rooms. I would stay again only if it was for 1 or 2 nights.	
May 29 2008 	Small but good quality	I think the previous reviews most certainly refer to different owners as this hotel have just had a recent refurbishment and is of good quality now.The hotel staff were really friendly throughout my stay and the hotel was clean and contemporarily decorated. The only problem with my room was it's size. The double bed was only accesible from one side and was up against the window and a wall at both ends. The bathroom was also tiny, but very nicely decorated. My room overlooked the street and a lovely communal garden.The hotel is easy to locate and only a short walk from the tube in a nice area. I would recommend it as very good quality for the price and would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 3 2008 	Much Improved - New Owners	All reviews prior to March 14, 2008 should be disregarded as they covered the previous owners which was a Comfort Inn.The property has been completely revamped. Of course the rooms are small, but that's what you will find in London and most of Europe. A room with any floor space is going to cost you high dollar in a hotel catering mostly to wealthy Americans who are used to wide open spaces.Clean, pleasant and quite nice. Neighborhood is quiet and easy to catch a bus or a pleasant walk to the Underground. Shopping Mall two blocks away with Internet Cafe and Starbucks.I expected some problems arriving on &quot;opening day&quot; but glitches were quickly worked out.I never made it down to breakfast. Hotel is supposed to have a bar and restaurant, but it had not been opened yet. Not really a problem, as a lovely pub is just across the street. I booked a single but was rewarded with a double. I paid less than I would've paid for a room in a bed and breakfast. Hi Speed Lan internet was included.Just don't plan to host any parties in your room and expected to feel a bit confined but once you crawl into the comfy bed with the clean linens and turn out the lights, it doesn't mattter how big the room is anyway. (more than one suitcase would've been a problem -- so pack VERY light).	
Nov 12 2009 	??		
Sep 29 2009 	????????		
Sep 2 2009 	Pulizia tranquillità e posizione ottimale		
Aug 22 2009 	A parte la prima notte...		
Jul 28 2009 	Reservation par internet ? arnaque assurée !		
Jul 18 2009 	intéressant en cas de promotion  mais pas pour les claustrophobes		
May 23 2009 	ottimo!		
May 3 2009 	Stanza splendida visuale orrida		
Apr 12 2008 	Surtout pas		
