Aug 31 2009 	A terrible terrible hotel.	Poor service, dirty and dangerous (ancient electrical wires hanging everywhere, old sockets…). This hotel is a trap for people who wish to find a cheap basic London hotel by internet. It seems that all their clients reserve/pay for their stay in advance by internet. So, when they stick you in a miniscule, dirty room looking onto the street with a large window that cannot shut, you are stuck. They were supposedly constructing a bathroom on our floor while we were there, i.e., the renovations are being funded by the client who suffers from (1) the noise of the construction beginning very early in the morning; and (2) the fact of having to go to a toilet/shower 2 stories below. Read the rest of the commentaries on this site for more. Thanks again to the Internet and client feedback. I regret not having consulted this before!	
Aug 13 2009 	Absolute [--] hole!	The &quot;reception&quot; that we walked into must have been a &quot;refurbished&quot; cupboard. When we told the man that we had a booking, he looked lost. It wasn't until we showed him our reservation he clicked on. We then had to wait an hour for the toom to be &quot;cleaned&quot;. I say it like this as the room was absolutely filithy. As we entered the room, first thing we noticed was the gaping hole in the roof, with a pipe leading upwards. A few minutes after we tried to get comfertable, debree started falling from this hole. I reported the issue, he looked at it and he acted as if he genuinly did'nt have a clue that the hole was there. He said he would fix it...his way of fixing it was to rummage his hand in the hole then put down fibre glass. Also the bedding was dirty, we recieved several bites and one of the beds was snapped! We had a sink in the room, the cold tap went hot, the hot went boiling. Also it had writing on the wall saying exactly what the hotel was, there is no way i would ever use this hotel again let along recommend it to anyone, please do not go here. AVOID AT ALL COSTS IF NOT YOU WILL HAVE A RUBBISH EXPERIENCE OF LONDON DUE TO THESE COWBOYS! Friendly enough people, just don't have the first clue of how to run a hotel.	
Aug 12 2009 	Walked in walked out	Totally filthy. Walked in, paid for the night and then was shown my room. I put down my bags and immediately went back out to see if the other hotels on the street had vacancies. Shared toilet and bathroom, very poor security, pretty sure my room was actually an old drain in a thin coat of plaster. Smelt like it, too.	
Aug 11 2009 	it is ok hotell. the price is very normal. if you need luxury just go and visit 5 * hotell and dont complain.	I picked this hotel because of the location, it's a short walk from everywhere. the price was very ok. the breakfast was just breakfast. the bread and marmelad and tea were ok, but coffe and oringe juice were awfull. usually we had coffe and some food a later somewhere. The room was basically only two beds and a basin. Toilet and shower where shared with the rest of the hotel. it was not so bad. the sheets were clean:)	
Jun 26 2009 	Basic	The room was basic compared with price. The breakfast was very good. Good location and calm. The staff was friendly.	
May 28 2009 	Id rather sleep on the street	booked a single room for one evening whilst in london, the room dirty,there were bare hot pipes running up wall and across ceiling one of which was hangiung down, carpet was dirty and not fitted to room, the shared toilet, yes shared was also dirty , dry rot running up wall and the shower head was alive with dirt and also had toilet paper around it. I have photos of it all, breakfast in the morning , well it was all self service and I mean everything , that was your cerial, yes that was all you got, will never use again, will never reccomend and will be reporting this hotel to the relevant people.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location but hotel just ok	If you dont expect too much, fine. In fact, expect just th very basic. The best thing about this hotel is the location, possible to walk to all the tourist atraction, like Big Ben and all the major museums, like the Natural History Museum	
Jan 21 2009 	Just for sleep	I picked this hotel because of the location, it's a short walk from Victoria station which is a main hub for major sightseeing. It's a short walk until you reach Buckingham Palace and onto St. James Park and so on. The residential street was nice and felt very &quot;English&quot;. As far as the hotel itself: it served its main purpose which was sleep. This is not a luxury stay by any means but for those who are low-maintenance it shouldn't be a problem.Breakfast is served in the morning and it's a simple one of cornflakes, toast, coffee and juice. When I was there it was deathly silent in the eating room and the women who were serving didn't look very happy to be alive! The room I stayed in was a no-frills double that had a wet spot on the floor. It was one of the more basic places I've stayed in, but it wasn't a problem considering I just used it for sleep. Romantic getaway this is not!	
Jan 3 2009 	Good Location but rooms were ok..........	We stay in colliers hotel just for 1 night &amp; its bad experience but compare to price its ok start with t.v.in the room just 2 channels were working &amp; just 2 bathrooms are there in whole hotel &amp; there were many rooms sharing it..I think you need a sense of humour to visit this place. It's fine but it's not a hotel. It's a strange b&amp;b that is cheap enough by London standards breakfast room was nice but in morning 7.45 we went to have breakfast we see reception boy &amp; room cleaner girl kissing each other although we don't mind might be they were couple but just they told us to come at 8'oclock for beakfast. &amp; since breakfast timing is 8-9 so that's fine with us atlast we want cab which they help us.I think you get what you pay for. Overall it was satisfactory.	
Dec 27 2008 	On the verge of unacceptable	We where staying at this hotel since we wanted a budget one and I guess we got what we where paying for. The room was basically only two beds and a basin. Toilet and shower where shared with the rest of the hotel. The sound isolation was very poor and you could hear anything going on in the nearest room and out on the street.The breakfast was ok considering the hotel standard although it only includes cereals and white bread.The staff where friendly and the location is excellent but all in all do I think that you could get a nicer hotel for the same money down the road.	
Nov 15 2008 	Good Employee 	We had stay in this hotel &amp; found it all right since when we check in around mid-day time reception staff help us for our luggage room were small but clean &amp; comfortable.Breakfast was simple but in that price its well &amp; good.At last they help us by giving adapter,iron,hair dryer its really I appreciate.We will go back to this hotel in near future.	
Nov 4 2008 	Absolutely terrible	I have to say that this was the worst hotel I have ever seen. Rooms were dirty, there was a lot of dust everywhere. The blankets were also dirty. When i asked if I could get a clean one, I got an even dirtier one. Bathrooms were dirty, especially the showers, and the dining room too.There was a note on the front door saying: 'This is a 4**** hotel', which I find extremely inappropriate. It was also cold (they turned on the heating the on the 2nd day of our stay, because it was snowing) and smelly (there were some guests who obviously cooked in their rooms).I do not reccomend this hotel to anyone. The only positive thing is the location.	
Oct 30 2008 	Disaster!!! Don't go there!	Me and my husband booked Colliers a month before going to London. We recived confirmation by email and I called them twice to confirm our booking. They ensured me that everything is booked. When we arrived they told us that the room we booked is not available.They cancelled our booking. Very rude man (with disgusting long nails) from the &quot;reception&quot; (the hole in a wall) told us that he sent us an email YESTERDAY!!! We were furious, because we have not received any emial, especially 1 day before coming to London. We checked mailbox in front of him and of course there was nothing form Colliers. He showed us his screen and he sent an email but to HIMSELF!!! Can you believe? It was unbelievable, we were so angry. We ended up trying to find some hotel ad-hoc, it was bank holiday and it was very hard to find something. I do not recommend this B&amp;B, very shabby place with rude, damp, unproffesional service. Don't ruin your stay in this busy and attractive city.Renata from Dublin.	
Jul 29 2008 	Right! Not in your wildest dreams!	There were 4 of us, 3 adults and a 3-year-old child. I booked an en suite room in Colliers for 3 nights. However upon arrival, I was told that I wouldn't get an en suite room for the first night (Apparently, my room was taken!). People with babies will understand how inconvenient things were for us! When we tried to open the door, something was stopping us. There was a bed which prevented it to be fully opened! They must have added another bed to our room when our original room was taken! Talking about professionalism, tsk tsk. When we entered the room, we were shocked by the condition of it. It was...beyond description! Everything was wrongly positioned (because the additional bed wasn't mean to be there!). The cupboard was placed right in front of the basin, which means that we had to stand next to the basin when using it, tilting forward if we needed the mirror! Not only that, the window was broken and we were on ground floor! People could just jump in and say hi (I wouldn't complain if it was Brad Pitt, tho). We knew it was a budget hotel, but it didn't have to be that bad to reflect the price? lol. Initially, we wanted to tell them that we didn't want to stay for the remaining 2 nights but I was sooo paranoid that he was gonna kill us or something that night so we left it till tomorrow! I called them to cancel our booking but they got so mad!!! They raised their voice and said that I should have told them the day before if we knew we didn't want it. And my reply was, they should have told us that they couldn't provide us an en suite room for 3 nights before we arrived! They breached the terms of the contract! And they didn't know what to say and hung up. I tried to call back but there was no answer. The nx time I travel, I won't mind forking out a lil' more. =)	
Jul 28 2008 	Colliers Hotel "The ultimate in comfortable" -- NOT!	This hotel bills itself as &quot;the ultimate in comfortable&quot; but it falls far short of meeting the mark. While it is clean and in a convenient location (very near Victoria Station), and is reasonably inexpensive for the area, we experienced many problems.Upon arrival the evening manager was in the process of yelling at a young couple who were simply complaining that they had paid for a double bed and were given a single. Literally -- his voice was raised far beyond comfort level and they were being told to leave (without a refund) if they didn't like it. We had booked 5 nights and were told (in a much more polite tone) that if our travel plans changed, we were not entitled to the advertised three-day cancellation notice because we had booked online. We were given the option of paying for the 5 nights in full or leaving then and there.There is no lift (a minor inconvenience unless you have bad knees); the bathroom was so small that you couldn't use the toilet with the door shut; the shower wavered between too hot and too cold, with a few seconds between where you could actually stand under it; the bathroom fan vented the steam directly into the room; the furniture was a couple of plywood desks and a wobbly wardrobe, which took up so much of the limited floor space that you could barely get around the bed; the telephone only allowed incoming calls (you couldn't call out even with a calling card -- in fact, you couldn't even call down to the front desk!); and on our third night the building fire alarm went off repeatedly from 10pm to 5am, every half hour or so. In the morning when we asked for either a refund for the night of no sleep or to be let out of our 5-day obligation, we were literally yelled at and told that refunds were impossible. Another guest who joined in our conversation was insulted by the manager and told to leave the premises.Note: Neither we nor the other guests we observed approached these requests as demands. We were all quite polite, but were not treated with reciprocal civility.(On a happier note, after putting on a sappy-sweet and overly understanding composure, I was successful in getting out of the last two nights' contract.)In summary, if you're looking for a reasonably priced place right in the heart of town, and you don't mind some serious inconveniences, this place might be alright -- but beware of doing anything to set off the volatile employees/managers.	
Jun 29 2008 	You get what you pay for	I paid so low price that i can't ask more. Yes, hotel was a little filthy but breakfast was good and bed was clean and comfortable. Situation is also very good. So if you need ONLY place to sleep and something to eat before leaving to sight-seeing, Colliers is ok. Oh, and the shower worked properly and it was clean also. I booked from travelstay.com where the price was very low then.	
Jun 22 2008 	Don't even try !!!	Can't agree more with all comments here regarding to this &quot;hotel&quot;. I'd say a motel or backpacked room is very much better. Everything is bad and definitely will greatly disappoint you, especially for those arrive in London with no other accommodation plan. The only good thing is you can walk down the street and you can get a 300% better place for a marginal extra. Don't even try it, everything is DISGUISTING!!!	
Jun 1 2008 	Disgusting!!! (Lice/Fleas?)	The place was really.. REALLY filthy. Not at all as nice as presented on their web site.We had two rooms, one on ground floor that was allmost new and quite ok. But the one on top floor with wc in hall was like in a horror movie. That wc has probably never been cleaned. Lots and lots of DNA - if you know what i mean.The wall-to-wall carpets are a focus of diseases, and the bed covers as well. I'm allmost 100% certain of that the bug bites and my allergic reaction two days after staying there, came from the bed in Colliers &quot;Horror&quot; Hotel.The only really good thing was the man that seemed to work 24/7. He was so kind and service minded, that i felt sorry for him. He even wrote us a map, and gave us good tips about best way to see London.The sad part is that it's really hard to find a clean B&amp;B/Budget hotel in London. WHY?!! I some times seriously wonder if all english people are as dirty and unhealthy as their small hotels.	
Feb 19 2008 	Disgusting pls don't stay at this hotel	It was hell on earth.Everything about it was hell, we had a 19 month old baby travelling with us, I booked ths hotel in August and emailed the hotel twice asking them if they would have a travel cot available for us and we would pay the extra charge etc, they never answered my emails and now I know why. When we booked in we asked for the cot and were told to go out and buy one at a shop down the road!!!! We were then given a basement room and our baby had to sleep in our bed with us, there was no headboard on the bed and the back of the bed was not against a wall with the result that our child fell out of bed one night!!! My blood is boiling as I type this because of the danger of that room, we had to go down two flights of stairs with a pram to get to the room and then there was 2 foot of space on one side of the bed to walk through the room! There was a steep step into the bathroom which again caused problems with a young child. The stairs were failing apart as I was walking on one step it fell right through!! The next day it was repaired with staples!! The room was so filithy and disgusting, the pillows were dark brown with stains! We were freezing, the breakfast was disgracefull, we were there for 4 night and not once were our 2 towels changed, there was 1 tv channel on the tellie! I have been in many hotels around the world and I have never come across anything like this, I could write a book on the place it was so bad, in fact I am going to fill in every review I can find to warn people about this place..please do not alow anyone else to stay here, it is beyond words how bad it is. In case you are wondering why we stayed there, well it was because we had no choice, we walked to 9 neighbouring b&amp;b's and hotels and all were booked out as it was the bank holiday weekend. The rate for the hotel is cheap but for gods sake they would want to pay people to stay there instead of the other way around. And when we booked in they tried telling us that the price was 190 instead of 160, we had to take out our print out from booking.com to correct them.The site is very easy to use however I think you should remove this hotel from your website as it is horiffic, dirty, filthy, the worst I have ever stayed in, can'nt believe a hotel can be so disgusting	
Jan 31 2008 	Never in your wildest dreams	I booked this Hotel(if you can call it that) for my partner, myself, son and his girlfriend for a two night stay, boy how I wished I had'nt. When we arrived our train was late which made us late on arrivign at our Hotel,we only had time to check in put our case in our rabbit hutch and rush tothe theatre. On arrival the receptionist was in a tiny room full of smoke and informed us our rooms were in the basement. The stairs were very narrow, the rooms were dull, dirty and draughty, although the sheets were cleen, the rest of bedding was disgusting.We would have tried to find somewhere else to stay but did not have enough time. Breakfast, well that was a joke, dirty tables, none of the staff spoke to us, crockery dirty and cornflakes already poured in a bowl, no choice, toast which was almost toasted and boiled water to pour on the tea bag which was in a dish with butter and jam, once again dirty, the floor was dirty and the carpets in the rooms needed agood hoovering. The box in which the shower and toilet was situated was tiny and a huge step up to get in. I know it was in the cheaper stay section but really it should be clean. A warning to others don't be taken in by photographs and description, you'll be sorrrrry. Rating out of ten minus one.	
Jul 31 2007 	BEWARE-THEY DO NOT HONOR THEIR OWN BOOKING!	READ THE TITLE- yes as outragious as it may sound, THEY DO NOT HONOR THEIR OWN BOOKING... I booked through their own website 4 months in advance, receiving an email saying everything is ok.. just a week prior to my visit, I get an e mail saying my booking has been cancelled owing to the fact that the credit card I gave them had been declined. To cut a long story short, my credit card has a $5,000 limit.. bank assured me they never had any request for debiting of funds from this hotel, and hotel never advised me anyway, even though booking had been made 4 months in advance - plus advising me when I was already on the road ONLY 7 DAYS BEFORE ARRIVAL! No use arguing with them as they said they had no room: threatened them they had to pay for the difference in costs of new hotel, all the tran continental phone calls and all that crap.. but what's the use.. seems a foreign customer has no legal rights in the UK so stuff it, or just one night and an extra 150$ cost is not worth the legal fees.. BUT BE WARNED!!!! Don't say you haven't been told.	
Apr 25 2007 	Beware of this Dumpsite!	This is a warning to those who want to book in this hotel. I don't know why it's even called &quot;hotel&quot; when it is far from being one. When we arrived no one was in the reception so i made my way downstairs where I could hear people. And it was the breakfast room where I was rudely welcomed by a lady who I think didn't have a clue what she was talking about. It was 8 am so she told us to come back around 11 am and the room will be ready. Before we went out, I used the toilet next to the reception and it was soooo disgusting. There was cigarette ashes in the sink. 11 am we went back into the hotel and the receptionist was just rude as well. He gave us the keys and said the room is at the 2nd floor. So we made our way to the 2nd floor and I just can't believe my eyes! The place is absolutely a mess! The carpet is filthy and it smells! Really disgusting, I didn't even want to touch anything because everything inside is just dull and yucky! The stairs are steppy and sooo narrow and is impossible to have two people meeting up in the stairs. Anyway, when we opened the room... to our surprise the room isn't ready yet. Bed was all messy. Dirty and smoky. So we went back down to the reception to tell the receptionist that room was not ready. And he just started being argumentative. It was horrible, horrible experience. We decided to leave the so called hotel and all he said is &quot;It's up to you&quot;. At least he could've apologised and be proffesional enough to say &quot; I am sorry it isn't what you are expecting&quot; or something like that but He was just too rude and very unproffesional.So we left and walked down to Belgrave Road and checked in to Stanley Hotel. We paid just £5 on top and it was all worth it. The room we had at Stanley was even En-Suite and it was clean. Amazing for just £5 on top! The receptionist welcomed us nicely. The shower was a bit of a squeeze but the water was nice, we enjoyed the hot shower!So no matter what happens don't ever go to this hotel! You'll regret every single minute you have in this hotel!	
Dec 3 2006 	Dont go here	Stayed here on two evenings. Firstly the hotel had very little working lights/bulbs. The rooms were not very clean. We were also put in a top floor room with a young child and the hotel has no lift and there were lots of steps up to the top floor. The toilet outside our room was in a tiny little cupboard that you couldnt even turn around in. Also we had not booked ensuite facilities so did not expect to get them however there was a shower and sink in the room which had bare wires hanging out of them not exactly good health safety. Now as I said we stayed here on two evenings over a week and the second time we did think of cancelling but as we were out of the country the days in between it wasnt really practical for us to do so. The hotel advertise cooked breakfast but what you get is egg on toast. Also the dinning room was not big enough for the number of guests that the hotel can accommadate. Which meant when we came down to breakfast we couldnt all sit together and the child who was only 3 at the time ended up sitting on my mums knee. The only things I would say that this hotel had going for it were it was centrally located and was near main bus and rail links.Sparkie	
Aug 25 2006 	Smokey	We just stayed overnight to be near to the Victoria tube station in order to catch a flight out of Gatwick the next morning. Our experience is similar to other reviews: the place reeks of smoke including our supposedly non-smoking room and the bedspreads are stained. It was okay for the few hours we were there but wouldn't recommend it to anyone else!	
Aug 3 2006 	Not that bad	The place is not that bad as some people have written!Sure it's quite messy or badly cleaned but so has every cheap hotel that I've visited in London been. Also our room was quite worn out also as most cheap hotel rooms are. Beds were good and extremely wide.Our room had a private shower and the room was &quot;cleaned&quot; and beds made on both days that we were there.Breakfast was also ok, some corn flakes, cooked eggs and toast with jam or butter also tea or instant coffee.	
May 2 2006	hell in london	i had a really bad expereince, which you can say that i stayed in hell for couple of nights, when we arrived in the hotel we found receiption room like a junk yard and person lying on the chair was full with cig: smoke, first i thought i am in some where in third world, after that he asked our name and told us that he has nt got our name booking register after providing the &quot;print out&quot; of our reservation he denied to give us a room because they have no availablity in the hotel and asked us to accomodate our self in other hotel, but after huge argument he ready to give us a room which i can not explain wht it was i never saw that kind of disgusting room and poor service in my life, but did not have any choice because all other hotel was fully booked. so i am giving you an advice stay away from this hotel, better to sleep on footpath but not in this hotel.	
Apr 14 2006	avoid at all possible	Have to echo all of the previous reviews; cramped, less-than-clean, reeks of smoke (most of which originates from the managers office), and my personal favourite: the used needles thrown on the second floor window ledges! I only wish I would have taken a photo of them so I could post it for all to see. Definately NOT recommended.	
Jan 30 2006	Horrible	Please stay away!we had a reservation for the hotel and when we arrive there the person in charge said that there wasn't any room for us!! without any explanation. Then we had to look for another hotel. Anymay, when I entered to Coliers hotel I understood why it was so cheap: it was dirty and smells so bad!!	
Jan 15 2006	Icka	Basically, you get what you pay for. It's really cheap. At first the guy put us in this digusting basement room and i almost died because it was so smelly gross and dirty. He made it seem like he was giving us a deal by giving us our own bathroom but it was really just a disgusting dingey room with a toilet and shower. The bed was too small for 2 people and took up the whole room. Then I went up to pay the guy and he said that I had to pay in cash and I heard on this thing that they try to make you pay in cash and i demanded to pay with my credit card which worked. Then I told him we were going to leave early and we wanted a refund but he made up some story about &quot;it has to be 48 hours and in writing to cancel&quot; which is crap..but then he moved us upstairs to a much better room..still not great but much better. I would not suggest staying here to anyone though. it was pretty horrifying.	
Nov 8 2005	Hate It Like Hell!	Frankly, if I could, I would not even give one star for the rating because it is not even worth one star!Everytime I think of the &quot;hotel&quot; (how could this dump be called a hotel is beyond me???!!!), I feel like I am having a nightmare and will burst out in cold sweat, feeling very nauseous. I really feel like puking. And folks, do not be misled by the photo of the quadruple room. It must be a photo of the owner's bedroom. I stayed in the quadruple room and it was so extremely squashy that it was practically a &quot;one way street&quot; in whatever space there was left. Three (two single and one double) dirty and grubby beds took up most of the space. There wasn't even a single chair in sight.The wash basin was so tiny that everytime we washed our faces, the water would splash out and wet the floor. When we booked online, we were told that there was a bathroom attached. And goodness!!!! We were shocked beyond words when we saw it was only a shower tray plonked in a corner of the already cramped tiny bedroom. Go ahead and take a shower if you enjoy either very cold water or scalding water. By the way, you get scalding water only when you complain about the very cold water. It is a choice between the devil and the deep blue sea. And frankly I doubt you can come out of the shower feeling clean and fresh as the shower head is grimy and the floor slimy.And please if you ever thought of staying in this dump, make sure you have lots of pouches that you can secure all your important documents and cash to your body when you sleep. The door is so flimsy that looks like as if it will fall off just by leaning on it.If anyone was to ask me if I would recommend this dump to people, the answer is &quot;NO! Better stay away if you do not want to be haunted by this dump for the rest of your life!!&quot;YUCKS!! YUCKS!! YUCKS!! A ZILLION YUCKS!! I will never want to see or stay in this dump again in this life or the next life. Never ever!!	
Sep 25 2005	Stay Away Complete Sespit!!!	Being cheap i thought it would be very basic, but to my horror it was also disgusting, dirty and ---- right awful. We had a shower in our room which did'nt have any hot water and mould on the shower head, so we had to go down a floor to use a dirty shower which only had warmish water. The bed covers had stains on them, the window was broken in our room, there was no satalite, or anything the hotel advertised. Had we read other comments before we would not have gone. PLEASE STAY AWAY!!!!!!!	
Jun 6 2005	Awful	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in.	
Dec 19 2004	Please stay away read my bad experience......	What a terrible place to stay, please take my advice, do not stay at this hotel. The pictures from the websites are very misleading, and I was terribly shocked when I arrived recently. I booked through a website, as I thought it seemed a rather nice place to stay, but when I got there it was completley different. Apparently there was no record of our reservation through 'Bedsearcher' but luckily there was a room available. It was in the dreaded basement, when we went to room number 18, it was an absolute tip. Basically the room had only recently been vacated by someone as the bed had very recently been slept in, I could feel the warmth. There was also rubbish all over the floor. Having been on a three hour train journey I was bursting for the toilet, so I popped in the toilet in the room and to my horror there was urine all over the place. The smell made me heave. With disgust I thought I should phone somebody for advice, being discreet I decided to whisper on the phone call, even better I thought I would should the door, that way the owners wouldnt be able to hear me. Dear oh dear, the door didnt shut. I slammed it twice but with no luck. This was the icing on the cake so I went to a hotel over the road, the Hamilton House Hotel. I asked for advice, as I still had room 18's keys in my pocket, and they offered me a bargain price. They even had the decency to show me around the room prior to booking. The room was lovely, fresh, clean sheets and towels, tea making facilities, the works. And it was cheaper than 'The Colliers'. I went and cancelled my stay at the Colliers and ended up with paying for one nights stay, as it wasnt cancelled within the '24 hour period'. Never-the-less I had a wonderful stay at the Hamilton (literally over the road) and really enjoyed London.The Colliers advertises tea and coffee making facilities, which I didnt see, Sky Tv, which there was not, and a clean efficient hotel. OK it is cheap and you should expect the worse, but I felt it was very bad service, and I dont expect to sleep in sombody else's bed, in a room which the door doesnt shut, and which is surrounded with mould and damp! Very unhealthy!So please take my advice, go else where.	
Dec 8 2004	cheap Place to stay	last month i stay in this hotel i think i is the cheapest place to stay in victoria, i agree with the above coments, but thing is what actually we are paying, any way it is a place atleast you can sleep, but i am dis agree to above coments staff was really friendly.	
Nov 8 2004	Memories....	ahhhh... months later i still remember the lovely feeling of gooo sticking to my feet in the shower... followed by an even stickier floor... then going down to the roach filled basement for a lovely breakfast of corn flakes and an egg. YUM!!!	
Nov 23 2003	Crap	I stayed at this hotel recently with my husband and two children. To be honest it is crap. The pillows were filthy and the blankets were the cheapest crappy things ever. They promised to let us pay by credit card and then demanded cash. they also raised the price on arrival. Stay away if you can avoid it. dirty and liars.	
Sep 23 2003	Not my favorite!	The first thing I noticed was that the window in my room did not lock. I mentioned this to the person at the desk but nothing was done about it. I stayed here for three days before moving to another hotel close by only because they wanted to move me to a basement room.I was a woman travelling on her own and did not like the idea of being in the basement. Their &quot;Full&quot; English Breakfast consisted of Tea or Coffee, Cereal, Egg and Toast, not what I understand to be a &quot;Full&quot; English Breakfast. The hotel I moved to (Stanley House Hotel) had Tea or Coffee, Orange Juice, Cereal, Egg, Bacon, Sausage,Toast and Beans. And only for 4 pounds a night more. That is what I call a &quot;Full&quot; English Breakfast.	
Nov 18 2009 	Menuda mierda. No vayais.		
Aug 19 2009 	Lo unico malo de nuestro viaje.		
Jul 6 2009 	!!!Da evitare assolutamente!!!		
Apr 25 2009 	hotel? no stalletto!		
Jan 18 2009 	Hotel odioso		
Nov 10 2008 	Para no volver ni recomendar		
Aug 19 2008 	Man braucht starke Nerven!		
Jul 17 2008 	a eviter!! arnaque		
Feb 26 2008 	Terrificante siamo scappati dopo 2 ore!!! Sporco sporco sporchissimo!!!		
Dec 3 2007 	J'ai même pas pu voir à quoi il resemblait !		
Sep 30 2007 	Das Colliers-"Hotel" war eine grauenhafte Erfahrung		
Jun 30 2007	Atroce!		
Feb 15 2007	Décevant		
Jan 9 2007 	N'y allez pas		
