Sep 25 2007	Nice apartments can be noisy	Stayed at these apartments while looking for a place of my own and found them adequate for a short period of time. The kitchen in my studio was tiny and being on the first floor meant that I got lots of the street noise, plus someone coming through to water the plants outside my window every few days. Was kept pretty clean and enjoyable overall though, and the studio was reasonably large by London standards. They offer free laundry machines and a 24 hour reception, which is nice. Recommended if you can get a good price.	
Dec 21 2005	I liked it very much	I must say that before staying at this hotel I had a horrible mental image of London hotels: old, shabby... Just the opossite of Somerset Kensington Gardens. As other reviewers have said, the corridors are narrow, but the rooms are perfect. We were given a basement room, and at first I thought it would be noisy and with little privacy, but it proved otherwise. The street was very silent and there were few people or cars walking by. Our room was a studio with a kitchenette and it was very clean and full equiped, with hi-fi, dvd, satellite, a big and comfortable bed and a small bathroom because of the big bath. The best thing was arriving after a full day walking in London, fill the bath to the top, put myself inside it (I'm 1.8m tall but it was big enough), cook something later in the small but complete and functional kitchenette, and enjoy it.The zone well is communicated, full of bus stops and two tube stations, near a shopping zone and also near Portobello Road and its famous Saturday Market.By the way, I think the fotos I've attached to this review don't make justice to our room, so I recommend you to visit their official web page (search Somerset Kensington Gardens at Google).	
Jan 3 2005	A rare find in Central London	I have been to this hotel 3 times and have booked my next trip already.I find the bed confortable, the room well appointed and the TV line up excellent. After a day at work is a real homecoming. Staff is really kind, I once asked for an extra arm chair and the manager himself brought it up at moments notice. I agree that they probably employ the nicest hotel staff I have ever came across. The cleaner tides up and the room looks fresh every night.The kichenette facility is basic but good enough to enjoy a quiet meal with a friend away from smokey pubs and restaurants.While the reception area is very small and basic the common breakfast area is well appointed. The continental breakfast is abundant although the pastry is not freshly baked.The location is fantastic. Steps from Whiteley's Shopping Mall, probably the most beautiful Shopping Mall in London, a couple of minutes from 2 Tube stations and just around the corner from Fairuz on Westbourne Grove my favorite Lebanese Restaurant in the world.Just a few minutes walk from Kensington Park and Princess Diana Memorial, a huge and well appointed children playground.	
Nov 12 2004	Great hotel and brilliant location	I stayed in an apartment with a bedroom and a separate kitchen/living room. It was very big, the decor was modern and fashionable and the bed very comfortable. The location is perfect being a couple of minutes from a busy shopping street and two tube stations. Its near Hyde Park and 45-60 mins walk to Oxford St. The hotel contributed to making a romantic weekend in London extra special. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 21 2004	great all-round aparthotel	The reception looks very basic, but the staff are extremely helpful, I'd say the nicest I've ever come across in any hotel in any city. The night receptionist even came out to greet me as I was returning at night with lots of revellers in the street. (celebrating a sporting win!)&quot;studioette&quot; apartment was a bit small, but fine for one person. For long stays and 2 people, upgrade to the executive apartment.The hallways are narrow (large cases could be a bit tricky!) and not at all impressive, but the rooms are very adequate (dvd, cd, tv, magazines, tea, coffee, fully equipped kitchen/dining area and a really comfortable bed)It's clean and modern so for a few nights stay it's perfect. It's simply a little shabby around the edges.I have stayed across the road in the slicker &quot;somerset bayswater&quot; apartments. The &quot;kensington gardens&quot; seems a bit shabby in comparison. Maybe if I didn't have the sister hotel to compare it to I'd be more satisfied all round.You can do a lot worse than stay here when in London!! Easy walking distance to Portobello Rd. and so close to 2 tube stations, tons of shops/restaurants etc. Amazing location!	
