	Do not stay here book the Premier Travel Inn instead!!!!!!!!!	4 Star hotel?? I would struggle to give it 2 stars!!! Upon arrival it appeared a nice quiet hotel. I pre booked a double room which I presumed would be a double bed and fairly spacious. How wrong I was! The room had 2 single beds and was very small with hardly no room to walk around! The TV didn't work and in the 'tiny' en suit bathroom a glass on the side had dirty tooth paste dried on to the bottom. The shower was dirty with the previous guests hair still present!! Upon raising my concerns to the receptionist, she began to argue with me telling me that it was impossible that this could happen. I was told by the manager that I should've made them aware as soon as I found the faults. I explained that I had only arrived 20 minutes prior. The receptionist argued that I had booked in at least 2 hours and insinuated that the issues were caused by my usage. I asked her to check what time I checked in, after a few minutes telling me that it was at least 2 hours she checked and then realised that it had been 40minutes. She then argued that it wasn't 20minutes like I stated. I found her mannerisms and attitude totally unnacceptable. They did however sort out the TV and glass but failed to remove the hair left from the previous guest. The buffet breakfast would be excellent choice if you like toast, cereal, cheese, ham and cold hard boiled eggs. Oh and you can wash it down with orange squash!!!! The breakfast was pitifull!! I had to go else where when I checked out! Overall, the hotel was in a good location but that was about the only positive thing I could find. My advice to anyone wanting to book this hotel, DON'T. You would have better comfort and more value for money in a Premier Travel Inn!!	
	Bedbugs	The rooms where clean... but there was lots of begbugs in the room. If you don´t know it you might not even understand it. The problem is that they apper in the night when you sleep. Look for blood on the cheets and if your skin is itching just a little bit. For me it got worse every day, it can itch for a long time, its now more than one week since the bedbugs bite me and I´m all red and sore. We could change room but then it was already too late since I already was bitten a lot! Well this can happen everywhere! But it affected my trip too London a lot!	
Nov 10 2009 	dirty and very small	on arrival we were given keys to our room which was out the back of the hotel. The room was very small and dated with no tea and coffee facilities. The bathroom was dirty with excrement on the rim of the toilet and hair on sink and floor. The bed was 2 sheets and a blanket which all smelt and the bed spread had a blood red stain on it we left straight away we would not recommend this hotel	
Nov 9 2009 	BED BUGS!	PLEASE READ - My friend and I have stayed many times in the same nearby hotel in Paddington without complaint and know the type of rooms/service in the area. This time, we tried the Nayland Hotel as it offered a substantially cheaper rate (20 pounds less per day) through internet hotel search. Hotel staff were friendly, continental breakfast offered more than we expected and room was fine. MAJOR COMPLAINT - 4 days before we left, my friend started getting itching red marks on her skin which we attributed to an allergic reaction. More marks kept appearing and a dermatologist/doctor confirmed the marks were from Bed Bugs. I also subsequently suffered the same bite marks. We emailed the hotel and of course received no reply but hope they have done something to alleviate this serious problem. OTHER COMPLAINTS - no coffee/tea facility in room as (still) advertised, towels are changed every 2 days ONLY if you drop the towels on the ground to indicate to change, the pipes sent off a LOUD knocking noise from a nearby/above room when the occupants bathed and the manager said it was from next door and they could do nothing about it. The noise was loud enough to wake you up if sleeping - usually at 7 am and at 11:30 pm. Before the Bed Bugs, would have considered staying there again but not in the loud knocking pipes room but definitely not now. As I said we have stayed in another hotel on the same block for many years and have been happy to give them repeat business but not to the Nayland Hotel.	
Sep 29 2009 	CLEAN SMALL BUT GOOD LOCATION	The room is small, but it is clean. The double room should fit one person only I stay on 2nd floor, but very noisy outside, you cannot have good sleep. Breakfast is ok, simple but should be enough . Location is great , near airport express and underground. Long hours restaurants, Mcdonald, Subway, burking around late nights. !!Overall is ok	
Sep 23 2009 	Small but clean	On our arrival we found the hotel room to be a bit small but clean and very centrally located. The staff was ok and the breakfast was quite filling.	
Aug 13 2009 	Good stay nice hotels tiny but comfortable rooms	If you travel on a budget and you do not expect toomuch, this is the right place, reasonably clean, good service, very central and with a very efficient staff.	
Jul 31 2009 	Disappointing	The location of this hotel is excellent, but thank God the place is full of similar hotels because this one is definitely not recommended. The staff are rude (no excuses for the lack of English), the hotel is not clean and it does not include some of the basic needs of a 3 star hotel. We were told on arrival that the hotel was over booked and our family of 4 had to be split and sent to a neighbouring sister hotel. We got the confirmed reservation 2 months ahead; they never contacted us regarding the change. Our 'room' was an underground space! Small, dark &amp; overlooked by the stairs, so you can never open the curtain because of the traffic of other residents. The first thing that strikes you when you enter the room is the smell. I thought this is because it is underground and locked, but it was the smell of fungus from the bathroom; the sight was shocking with black stains on the shower wall and corners. We took a photo of the fungus and called the manager asking to move because of the smell but he said that the room we initially booked has a broken bathroom and there was no water, so we asked to stay the night without the water and were told that workers are there now (which I really doubt anyone is working 10 pm). He voluntary said that we will get partial reimbursement for this inconvenience. He Lied (both with their story and their reimbursement)! We had a hard time sleeping that night due to the smell, not to mention the consistent occasional deep faint rumble which I think was an underground train?In the morning it was so awkward to have to check out from the sister hotel before 11 am and then had to wait till 3 pm to be able to check in again. Hilarious!!! It was good we had the children’s room to put our things in.So, we were privileged to see 3 rooms in Nayland Hotel where there were no tea/coffee making facilities, no fans, and 2 of the bedcovers were fixed with a scotch tape in some places. Charming!!!	
Jul 23 2009 	VERY SMALL - DISSAPOINTED	We book one triple and one double room for 3 nights. Both were very small and the one was on the basement were the breakfast was served in a small room. The lift was out of service and some of the staff were unfriendly.good location and generally clean.	
Jul 9 2009 	You have to think twice about this hotel.	We stayed for one night here due to the hotel we booked from 12 minutes away did not have a room for us. We were sent here late in the evening. The man in the reception was not friendly and talks not so clearly about some of the information. The room was little for us 3 persons and i was very warm. There was no fan at all and it was 32 degress outside. We have a hard time to sleep due to the weather. Anyway the breakfast was good. The good is no smoking allowed. I hate smokers.	
Jun 26 2009 	Never Again	This had to be the worst hotel room I ever stayed in! Small, dark, airless &amp; overlooked by other rooms. Could only move sideways in bathroom.	
May 12 2009 	Awful awful awful	Stayed one night only (had booked 4 nights) was told rudely on arrival that my smoking room did not exist. The 'room' was an attic space. Reception manager unbelievably aggressive and rude. Found a very nice hotel around the corner for the same price with smoking facility and adequate sized room.	
Apr 13 2009 	Do NOT Stay Here!	We arrived to be told that the hotel was over booked. I had made the reservation 2 months ago. They never contacted me to tell me this. We are Americans living in Germany with the military. The staff at the Nayland was not helpful, just gave us a map and sent us away. We were told our new hotel was an upgrade with a restaurant and said we would have free drinks. THEY LIED! Because of our German address we were sent to stay at the GERMAN YMCA!!!! When I booked there were no reviews from 09. Had read the Feb. and Mar. reviews I would never haved booked there. The YMCA seems like heaven compared to the Nayland.	
Mar 30 2009 	You get what you pay	but...be aware, that we order wakeup call and we didn`t get it...we pay the room the night before we go, but at the morning when we returned keycard the girl from the reception sayed that we must pay the room... :-( , the marmaid make your bed at room but nothing else..you stil get the dirty sheets and glasses in your room...the breakfast is realy awfull...but we got one good thing at the hotel and this was one very nice man at reception*	
Feb 24 2009 	AWFUL FILTHY DIRTY ROOMS with mice	Stay away from this hotel. Not clean. Breakfast terrible. Horrible staff atitude including useless and unhelpful management. We do not know how we lasted in there for 2 nights especially with a mouse running around under the bed and in the shower. Our bedcover looked like as if it has been pulled out of a rubish bag and put on the bed. Dirty pillow cases, sheets with blood stains. In the morning we had requested to see the manager only to find out that he was still sleeping and that they didn't know what time he would be at work. Great! The receptionist was to busy talking on her mobile and just left us there standing helpless. Should I say more? I gave enough time. Go elsewhere.	
Oct 6 2008	Disappointed	We stayed in the Nayland because we did not want to pay top dollar, but I am sure there are other options! The reception staff were not unfriendly, but they were not effusive in their welcome either and I was wrongly directed to a place by one of them, which was costly. We were not impressed by having to leave our bags two doors down when we arrived early either. The room itself was okay, and the bathroom was clean and water pressure good. There were no tea/coffee making facilities which I have never met before. The breakfast was dire and we took to eating down the street in preference, so I suppose that improved their profits. Tip - a welcoming smile and a willingness to help are both good.	
Jun 8 2008 	Loved it!	I had read other reviews on the hotel so I wasnt very sure of what I was going to find, but in the end it wsa very good surprise. The room though small (it is London, you cannot ask for big rooms), vas very cozy and clean, and with everything I needed. The staff was more than helpful and the location ideal. The only downside was that at the moment there were no telephone lines working, but since it wasn t a long stay, it didn t matter. I would definetely come back	
Mar 18 2008 	GOOD VACANCES	THE place is very nice but the rooms are very smallto stay a few days is good.it´s central. have the underground near.the worst was the breakfast, must have more things to eat.	
Jan 21 2008 	Great value in an excellent location	I stayed at the Nayland Hotel for two nights and was most satisfied with the experience. I stayed in a single room on the 4th floor. The room was small, but adequate, newly renovated, and quiet although on the street side. The staff was courteous and helpful. The continental breakfast was served in a pleasant room by courteous staff. I consider this hotel an excellent value and will stay there on my next visit to London.	
Dec 28 2007	Horrible Experience	I feally hve no idea why anyone has given this hotel a good review unless that is what the staff spend their time doing. I stayed here last december and it really was not good. The staff were unhelpful and it was ugly and clinical and the room was so small that you could not move. I was not expecting much but you could beraly get out of bed without kicking the wall. Also, we had an overnight flight and wrre trying to catch up on some sleep in the late afternoon. We were interrrupted to have towels brought in twice (even tho we had waited until quite late to check in as our rrom wasnt ready ) and worst ofall as i was in bed a man came in to change the lightbulb(no knock) and even tho i was in bed, he changed the bulb anyway. I spent as little time as possible there. I know that London is dear but for as little as 20 euro extra a night, please go somewhere else. The rooms are the size of cabins on a low grade ship	
Dec 3 2007	Why did they give high rates?	I cannot understand why this hotel was given so good rates and reviews. This hotel is so small and the rooms are really small. They give me the room underground. The worse thing was: the bathroom smells terrible. Breakfast was as simple as I eat everyday. Bread, milk, tea, eggs and sereal. That was all. Never recommeded for any reason.	
Nov 19 2007 	Not recommended	Room was clean, but really small, I have never been in such small room. Breakfast was really terrible. Eat elsewhere. Hotel is situated in a great location near Paddington station, and that was the reason we went there. The next time I will be in London I will definitely look for another hotel. Not recommended.	
Aug 3 2007 	Fine position lousy breakfast	The title says it all. When we showed the staff the pictures on the hotel website, particularly the picture of what they describe as a &quot;traditional English&quot;, they simply said that the photos were not of their hotel!I believe their website constitutes misrepresentation.As others have said, if you want breakfast, go elsewhere.	
Mar 22 2007 	Hotel Building OK / Staff politeness terrible / Breakfast worse	While the hotel is situated in a great location near Paddington station the staff (starting from the manager going down to breakfast staff) make it sure that the next time I will be in London I will definitely look for another hotel. Thank God the place is full of similar hotels. Definitely not recommended.	
Feb 3 2007	Value for money: good location clean but small room and basic breakfast	We've stay'd in this hotel three nights and had comfortable nights. The location is excellent, near the metro line to either Oxford street or Notting Hill. The room was rather small, but clean and on the streetside of the hotel unfortunately a bit noisy at nights due to traffic. We had no discomfort from the noise of other guests however. The breakfast is basic, but a 5 minute walk to Edgware road provides enoughchoise in coffee and sandwiches when you want to take your time for your breakfast.We can certainly recommend this hotel when staying in London for a few nights.	
Jan 21 2007	Forget it!	We booked this place 3 months in advance for new year's eve and Kylie's Wembley show a couple of nights later. When we got there 2 hours before midnight they asked us to stay the first of three nights at a hotel nearby (which deserved not even one star!) cause they were overbooked. Great! Later, when we payed the bill, the manager asked for the full price. In the end he deducted 10 quid. Great! When you think of booking this b&amp;b like joint, think twice. Get a decent 3 star hotel :)	
Nov 30 2006	RUBBISH!	Stayed at the Nayland on 28th November for one night. I chose it for the location and price, and given it was a three star I didn't have any concerns.Well...the hotel is a 3 or 4 minute walk from Paddington Station, which I thought was great, and within walking distance of Oxford Street and lots of pubs and restaurants. Since this was a shopping trip, it was ideal. Unfortunately this is all the good I have to say about this hotel.On arriving at the hotel there was a greek / cypriot man on reception who was on the telephone. He didn't even acknowledge us as he continued his conversation for the next 5 minutes. After finally ending the call, he just looked at us and I told him we had a booking in my name. The telephone rang again and so he answered it, and had another very lengthy conversation in greek. At the end of the conversation he told the caller in English he had to go as another line was ringing, which he answered. This went on, call after call, for TWENTY minutes. I am not exaggerating. So, already a little annoyed, I finally managed to get him to check us in and give us our key. I asked the way to Oxford Street, and he picked up the phone! So I walked off and decided to find it on my own.We went up to our room, and whilst it was clean I'll give them that, it was two very uncomfortable single beds pushed together and not a double which I had specifically asked for. It was also the smallest room I have ever stayed in, no space down the side of the bed(s) so you had to climb onto the bed to open the window. The &quot;bathroom&quot; was a tiny cubby hole which had a tiny shower cubicle, a toilet, and a sink. When you bent over at the sink to brush your teeth, you knock the door open with your bum!! (And no, I am not fat! I am quite the opposite!)That aside, I thought &quot;ah well, it's not as if I'm here to stay in my room all day&quot; and we set off shopping. I thought about asking for directions again on the way out, but he was on the phone!After a hard day shopping we returned to change and shower, which turned out a laugh with two of us in such a small space! Out we went and returned about 12. Once we got into bed, which was an operation in itself as there was no room to even turn down the sheets, we then noticed the noise. The hotel is on a main street, which is extremely busy and noisy, with no sound proofing on the windows. It honestly sounds as though the window was wide open. After becoming acclimatised to this and dropping off to sleep - the radiator started! It made this horrible vibrating noise, rather like a power drill, that only stopped if you adjusted the temperature control on the side. Trouble is, my partner had to keep doing this all night, as it went off about every half an hour.After a night of broken sleep, at 7 am the builders started outside. They are doing up some of the hotels on this road, and their vans and skips are all outside the hotel in the parking area. They also thought it was ok to start grinding bricks at 7 in the morning.Now for the &quot;rich buffet breakfast&quot; that is advertised on reception. It's ham, cheese, and some hard boiled eggs. And a couple of cereals. We didn't want to eat, we just wanted a coffee, but you could only have that if you were eating??!! There are no coffee making facilities in the room, so we were stuffed! After that we dressed and left as quickly as possible so that we could at least get a drink.Yes, the price is good, but only if you don't want any sleep and you simply want a bed for the night and nothing else.Would definitely not stay here again.	
Nov 3 2006 	OK for a budget hotel	Me and my American fiancee have stay in London on several occasions for shortish breaks on a budget. This hotel was not a place we'd stay again, though it wasn't terrible.First impressions:A terrace of many identical townhouse hotel conversions. Rubbish skips outside and lots of builders.Good points:Bedroom and bathroom clean, bedroom relatively big for London budget.About a 3 minute walk to Paddington station.Plenty of local shops and great local Italian food restaurant ('ASK') with USA style service.Shower good and powerful with hot water at all times.Bad points:A double room here is 2 single beds pushed together! Complain immediately and they might make the beds up in a weird way that might stop you falling down the gap! NO IDEA they do this!?The noise was awful from the room above - every step sounded like a club footed giant pacing on creaky floorboards up to 3am some nights with constant foreign babbling. Personally this was the worst problem.There was also scaffolding work going on directly outside our window from about 7am. I asked the receptionist if she knew how long this would go on for and the entire answer was 'no'... I couldn't work out whether she spoke little English or was just inclined not to answer and questions - we got more answers from an asian man lurking there using a laptop.There was a weird and consistent occasional deep, faint rumble which I think was an underground train? It didn't bother us in the slightest though and the noise from the room above was FAR worse!Towels and especially pillows were EXTREMELY small. There was a single tiny extra pillow disgustingly yellow stained. Asking for an extra pillow brought a blank look from the receptionist. Laptop man asked us if the pillow or cover was stained!? He ultimately sent her out to get another pillow from the hotel nextdoor? which greatly helped my fiancee's sleep though they did not remove the yellowed one...Given the above, we didn't try the breakfast.	
Oct 24 2006 	Clean good location cheap price....	We were looking for a cheap couple of days in London but cheap hotels normally equal dirty, mouldy, cold rooms. We had read a couple of positive things about the Nayland and at £50 a night for the room we went for it. I'm very glad we did. The location is 5 minutes from Paddington (which was handy, stumbling off the tube at midnight!). The staff were friendly and the room, although small, was clean and tidy. Shower was hot and powerful (I hate weak showers) and the TV even had Sky Sports 1, although this was a negative point if you ask my girlfriend.We didnt manage to wake up in time for the breakfast so cannot comment on that but we are going back to London in January and will no doubt be staying here again.	
Sep 16 2006 	So disappointing	I booked this hotel, or should I say B&amp;B, partly for its location but also hoping the description would be truthful.Our room was tiny,there were no tea or coffee facilities which I would have thought is a basic requirement.The shower-room was also tiny and we were provided with 4 hand towels, not enough to dry 2 people who have just had showers.The staff were not at all friendly or helpful, in fact the opposite.The breakfast was a joke,we didn't even bother the second morning.The one redeeming feature was that it was clean in all areas.I thought I had done enough research into the Nayland before booking but obviously not,needless to say we won't be going again or recommending it to our worst enemy.	
Aug 15 2006	Good value better location	We stayed at Nayland in July 06. We chose it because it is right near Paddington Station so it was easy to go back and forth to Heathrow. It is in a decent neighborhood with lots of hotels and tourists but locals were around as well. The room was very clean but quite small. The breakfast was average but plentiful. The people at the reception were nice and helpful. We were happy that the hotel was in a great location, clean, and quiet. The only downsides were the lack of a/c or a fan during the hot summer and how small the room was. Overall, I would recommend it for people on a budget.	
Jun 23 2006 	This is not a hotel!!	I have absolutely no idea how they classes this hotel as a 3* hotel. It's in a row of B&amp;B's, and I've stayed in REAL 3* accommodation, which have been a class apart from the Nayland B&amp;B. The staff are ridiculously rude (no excuses for the lack of English - it's suposedly a hotel!!!!). The room itself is fine, but no three star regular extras, except the hairdryer I guess. Most importantly the bathroom is clean, if a little small. My partner is a light sleeper, and if you happen to be in a room with a loud boiler, be prepared for minimal sleep. It can also get particularly hot within the rooms, and the window ventilation is NOT enough! Breakfast is appalling - stale bread for toast sums it up. A saviour is the convienient location, with close proximity to Paddington Station. But thats it really. In some places, you really do get what you pay for. Grrr.	
Jun 20 2006	Perfect for budget travellers	This hotel was located in a perfect position a short walk from Paddington tube station and a longer walk from sights such as Hyde Park, Aarble Arch and Picidilly Circus. The location not only made this a good choice, but the price was very good, and the rooms on offer were more than adequate. They were small but clean and quiet. The provided breakfast was basic but gave enough energy to tackle London's sights for a day. Service from staff was a little less than desired - if we had have listened to them we would have missed our plane! Otherwise, a good hotel with a good price tag that I would recommend for those wishing to spend their money on sights rather than sleep.	
Jun 10 2006	Very Clean Good Location Basic Services Small Rooms	I put average just because of the limited services provided, however, this hotel is really above average. “You get what you pay for”, that is true for this hotel. You pay less than £ 60 for a single Room; you should not expect a five star stay. The price includes all taxes and a very basic breakfast. I thought the breakfast was too basic. The price I paid was about £ 55, but it is may be better to pay a few pounds more and get a double room even if you are single because the single room is too small, it is smaller than my dormitory room when I was in college !!!The hotel is very clean and is recently redecorated, so no old building’s problems which is common in many London hotels. The bathroom is very clean too. The shower is barely enough for one person. Do not expect lots of services for that price, I mean there is no coffee/tea maker in the room, no iron or iron board. All you get in the room is a small TV with few channels. Internet is available, but you pay a lot for it because it is a service provided by an external ISP. Instead, you could use the internet cafes close to Paddington or Edgware Road for £ 1 an hour. This hotel has a great location with about 5 minutes walk from the Paddington Station. And about 10 minutes walk from Edgware Road where there are many shops and restaurants. Small shops are within couple of minutes from the hotel. The bus stop is in front of the post office which is just few yards away from Paddington station and 5 minutes walk from the hotel. This is a central bus station and many busses will take you to important locations in London. The bottom line is that this hotel is really good for budget travelers who look for a clean place, good location, and do not care for five star services. The only issue here is that if you get a basement room, your mobile phone will not work because the signal is not strong enough.	
May 29 2006	Clean cheap and cheerful	Not at all pretentious, what you see is what you get. Perfectly pleasant rooms, nice and clean. Friendly staff. Budget breakfast. Minimal amenities. Especially forget the bar! However for the money it represented good value, a convenient block walk from Paddington.	
Apr 28 2006	Just what we were looking for	Went to London for 3 days in April 06. Looked for a hotel that was reasonable priced, clean, in a safe, central location within few minutes walking of a tube station.The Nayland Hotel met our needs adequately. If you are looking for somewhere of good value that you don't intend to spend a lot of time in - then this hotel is great.The breakfast was simple fare, but again perfectly adequate to start off a days sightseeing. Couple of very small points - one of our tv's wasn't working - but we didn't care as we didn't go to watch tv anyway. One of our rooms was near a slightly noisy lift - but since noone seemed to use that lift after 10pm, this didn't affect our sleep at all.I would stay here again and would recommend it to tourists.	
Apr 23 2006	Great value for money and location	I stayed in the hotel for 2 nights Friday 14th and Saturday 15th of April 2006. The Hotel is located in a very good area, in Central London. Just 5 minutes walk from Padington Underground Station. The surrounding area just 5 mins walk in Egdware Road is full of Resturants which are working to some time after midnight. The hotel also is located in a street which is full of Hotels, in fact all the surrounding buildings from the begining of the street are hotels, so its a good Hotel area.The Hotel also is around 30 mins walk from the main shopping areas of London.I stayed in the 4th floor, room 409 , which is at the end of the hotel rooms as the hotel is just 4 floors. The room is small, but OK as a single room. The Hotel and room are very clean and modern. I would give them a 5/5 for the price/location.I paid 90 Pounds for the two nights. I paid also another 10 Pounds for 24 hour WiFi Internet in the room. Though the connection wasn't stable at all and I really suffered using it and the receptionist was of no use regarding it.Some of the stuff working there are also not that qualified, I wasn't able to obtain from there any good free Map for London, and they gave me the wrong estimate for the station to come from. I arrived by Ryann Air to Stansted Airport late night and got the Stansted Express from the Airport to London. While the guy told me I will pay around 10 pounds for the Taxi from Totenham Hale to the Hotel, I discovered from the Taxi service in Totenham Hale that the cost was 23 Pounds. Quite a difference!I was also stressed in the checkout to leave at 11:00 a.m though in my booking I stated that I need late checkout, and no one informed me when I arrived that this wont be possible.Overall, the stay was nice, and I would go back to this Hotel again.	
Mar 29 2006	Nice and best value for the money	We spent four nights at this place and it was really nice. The Hotel has been recently refurbished.The room was clean and tidy with two single beds, a small writing desk with a chair. The shower and toilet were quite small but it was even big enough. There was also a TV in the room which worked very well. If you want a Remote-Controll, you have to ask at the receipton and leave a deposit of 10 Pounds. Fortunately, as I asked for one, the staff didn´t ask for the deposit.There is also a free electronic safe where you can deposit your valuables. You only have to pin in your secret number and put the things in- thats all.The Nayland Hotel is also fitted with WLAN / WIFI, so you can get acces to the Internet whenever you want. The location of the Nayland Hotel is just a four minute walk from Paddington Station- so it makes it a great destination for a sightseeing trip. Around the Hotel are many little caffs and shops- so you don´t get hungry. At all, I can really recommend this fine Hotel and I would choose it again.	
Mar 4 2006	Good Value for money	We stayed in a twin room for 3 nights &amp; paid £156. I think this is great value for money. This price included breakfast which was the usual continental buffet type. The info guide in the room stated that there would be 5 types of jam but there was no jam (just a bowl of marmalade) &amp; the orange juice was cordial, not fresh which I think was a bit pathetic! However, the location is good - only a 5 minute walk from Paddington Station &amp; a 10 minute walk from Hyde Park &amp; Oxford Street.The hotel was clean, the beds were comfy &amp; the staff friendly - what more could you want for this price in central London.	
Feb 21 2006	Great value for money	I stayed for three nights, and everything was OK. I paid only 50 pounds/night.The bathroom is quite small but new, recently redecorated. The only thing disapointed was the breakfast, which was too poor.I would stayed in the hotel again!	
Jan 31 2006	Top location	Hotel Nayland is exactly what you pay for. Our room was clean. We arrived earlier then the check-in time, but that wasn't a problem, it just took a few minutes to make a room ready for us. Breakfast is basic (white/brown bread, toaster, 3 sorts of cereals, cooked eggs, cheese and ham, with tea or coffee served.The hotel has an elevator, unique for such a small hotel. And the location is very good. just around the corner you'll find: a burger king, a mc donalds, underground and railway station paddington with sainsbury's supermarket.i recommend this hotel for tourists!!!	
Sep 25 2005 	Basic but only £40 for the night!	Needed a one night stay in London after a meal out and so pre-booked this via a well known last minute web site.Single room, which was very small, ok bed but a cramped bathroom. Shower though had some hot water eventually once it got going. Tap water was on and off.Note it you are getting back to the hotel late you'll have to ring the bell to get in!Didn't fancy the breakfast after reading some of the reviews.If you are arriving from Paddington with suitcases then don't walk it - get a cab.But for £40 it was ok.	
Sep 25 2005	NOT worth the savings	We booked at the Nayland online for about $98 per night for both of us. We knew we were taking some chances, but it was advertised as a 3-star on Expedia and Swiss airlines website. The lady at the Nayland took us over to the Beverly City Hotel and gave us a room 2 floors DOWNstairs. Okay, a small, dark room. We can live with that because we're saving money and not going to be in our hotel...right? We went to get into bed and found DIRTY disgusting sheets. We slept on top of the covers in our clothes. The next day we stripped the bed and threw our towels on the ground to signal that we wanted things clean. We returned from our day of sightseeing to see the dirty sheets returned to our bed and the WET towels folded up and put back on the rack. DISGUSTING!! Breakfast was also just toast and coldcuts, even though a full English breakfast was advertised. We felt used after this experience. Though London was REALLY fun! We enjoyed the sights.	
Sep 23 2005	friendly staf	it was excellent very friendly staf we enjoy our visit in london with nayland clean rooms excellent jacqueline scholten switserland	
Sep 9 2005	Compact but otherwise great	The room was compact but with the price and location this wasn't a problem if all you want is a place to sleep at night. The room was very clean and well maintained. The staff were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to someone looking for a base very close to Paddinton station.	
Aug 3 2005	Clean and recently refurbished!	Clean rooms, not too big, but recently refurbished. Clean bathroom as well. Just missed a waterboiler inside the rooms, but there is a bar, where even coffee or tea is served. 3 min walk to Paddington station, several restaurants near by, and a Park Alley in front of the hotel. Very friendly staff and bright athmosphere. Breakfast is ok, typical &quot;standard&quot;. Had a room into the backyard, not much daylight, but quiet. Recommendation for a reasonable clean budget hotel. Also Lancaster Gate station is in reasonable walk distance.	
Aug 2 2005	A gem of a budget hotel.	I've been staying at the Nayland for many years when I come to London. It was remodeled and refurbished a few years ago. The rooms are small but clean and pleasant. It is in a nice neighbourhood about 3 blocks from Paddington Station (Heathrow Express) and the Paddington Underground station. There is a Sainsburys supermarket in Paddington Station and there are many restaurants and shops in the area. The breakfast that comes with the room is adequate but nothing to write home about. That is how they seem to hold the room price down. That's OK with me! If it's a fancy breakfast you want then go down to the Hilton at Paddington station! Best of all, the Nayland has a lift (elevator) unlike most the competition! The rooms have safes in them so that you can securely lock up your valuables including your laptop computer. I always look forward to my stay at the Nayland.	
Jul 3 2005	Great little hotel	The Nayland Hotel exceeded our expectations. Given our modest budget we were prepared for the worst but were very pleasantly surprised. The desk staff were welcoming and helpful. The entire hotel has been recently refurbished and the rooms are modern, clean &amp; attractive. We asked for a room with a view of the street and got it. There is a spacious sitting room adjacent to the lobby and you can store your bags in the bar area until late on the day of checkout. There are also wash rooms if you need to freshen up before your flight home. The Nayland is in a great location, just a couple of blocks from Paddington station and within walking distance from Oxford Street and Portabello Rd markets (worth a trip on Saturday). Around the corner there are also some reasonable restaurants (Italian good but avoid the Indian - a rip off!) as well as an Internet Cafe. On the downside, breakfast is bland &amp; service can get a bit chaotic if you're not seated by 8:30. Also, there are no tea &amp; coffee making facilities in the rooms, let alone a bar fridge (taken for granted in Australian hotels). Despite this, I would certainly stay at the hotel again. It's a gem.	
Jun 6 2005	The Nayland is Very Good	I stayed at the Nayland for a couple of nights in May 2005, having booked online through ----(and having read the reviews here). The Nayland is situated in Sussex Gardens, which is a very pleasant tree-lined avenue of grand Georgian/Victorian terraced houses, off the Edgware road. It is a fairly busy road, so you will experience moderate traffic noise, if you're staying in a front room. The hotel is a 5-10 minute walk from Hyde Park, and 5 minutes' walk from Paddington station/tube. There are a couple of NCP car parks in the area: Paddington NCP charges £22 for 24 hours, while London Collonades NCP (Porchester Terrace North) charges £14 for 24 hours. Parking in Sussex Gardens, at the front of the hotel, is permitted and is easily available, though restricted to 7pm-8am Mon-Sat and all day Sun.The hotel itself has obviously been refurbished recently and has a pleasant and spacious lobby. I was travelling alone and booked a single room. The room was compact, but not tiny and had a small en suite, with very clean and modern facilities. The shower pressure was excellent (always a bonus). The room had a serviceable and easy to use safe in the built-in wardrobe. The room was very clean, with terrestrial and some satellite TV (no tea and coffee making facilities) and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast comprised simple but adequate fayre, served in the basement cafe. The staff were all pleasant.I don't know about you, but I visit London to get out-and-about and don't spend much time in my hotel. If you're the same, then this hotel is ideal for you. The location is great for accessing the tourist areas of London, whether on foot or by public transport.This Nayland exceeded my expectations of a budget hotel and I would return without hesitation.	
Apr 17 2005	Lovely	This hotel is really worth your money!It's near to Paddington station (tube &amp; Heathrow express), it's in a rather quiet zone, all rooms are en-suite, small but clean (even the bathroom).We found the staff is friendly and available.The breakfast wasn't included in our fee, and it wasn't that great.All in all, our advice is to consider this hotel for its low cost and quality service.	
Mar 30 2005	Front Desk and Taxi Scam	We requested that the front desk schedule an early morning taxi pickup for our international return flight leaving from London City Airport, an approximate 15 minute drive normally costing about 20 pounds. The night manager called Sara Cars which appears to be an unlicensed taxi service employing friends of the Nayland night manager. We verified our destination with the driver who then took us to Heathrow and charged us 45 pounds!! As a result of the incorrect drop-off, we paid an additional 75 pounds to use a legitimate London black cab to get back to London City Airport as quickly as possible. In general, the hotel was fine although the rooms were very tiny. The staff, however, was not knowledgeable regarding the city and was unable to assist with any information regarding attractions, restuarants, and the like.	
Nov 6 2004	Security is an issue	The hotel has a great location. Though like most London hotels the rooms are not on the large size. Like a previous review we had our room broken into - they kicked the door off the hinges in the middle of the day! No security cameras and no one around to see anything. Apparentyly they just walked up the side exit. Luckily we used the hotel safe and had nothing stolen though they rifled through our luggage. Security is an issue in the area.	
Oct 23 2004	great little budget hotel	This is a great little budget hotel. The room was small, the bathroom almost tiny, but it was very clean and recently refurbished. We asked for a quiet room in the back and got it. There was courtyard outside our window, complete with a flower box outside our window (fake flowers, of course). We didn’t sign up for the breakfast, but there are inexpensive bagel shops and even a McDonalds within 2 blocks of the hotel.The best thing about the Nayland is its location. You are just 2 blocks from the Paddington railway station, and just 2 blocks from the Paddington tube station. The Heathrow Express train will speed you directly from the airport to within 2 blocks of your hotel, so there is no need for a taxi or tube transfer. Just walk to your hotel. The Circle and District tube lines are also with 2 short blocks of your hotel, so all of London seems right at your doorstep. I am usually disappointed in budget hotels, but this is one that I would heartily recommend and would stay in again. You won’t be disappointed.ps: London is a great city. The people are really friendly toward Americans. It doesn’t rain as often as you think, but it can get expensive. Have fun. I promise: You will love London.	
Sep 24 2004	Great Price and Good Location!!!	GBP188 for 4 nights in a double room was well worth every penny! Our room was reasonably sized for two, although other rooms there were said to be smaller.But,after all small rooms are common in Europe.Room and toilet were very very clean and was recently refurbished.Hot water available all day. Breakfast consist of toast,cereal,hard boiled eggs,ham and cheese.Overall the breakfast was fine.Staff were friendly and helpful especially Miss S.Banu(If you are reading this..,Thank You For Your Help).Very near Paddington tube and Heathrow Express.Both stations within 3mins walk from hotel.Heathrow train express takes 15mins to airport and departs every 15mins for GBP13 per person.Near the Tube station you will find restaurants including McD's,Burger King,Pizza,Kebab and etc and a couple of small convenience shops.Two major supermarkets(Woolworths and Safeway)are located about 10mins walk in the other direction from hotel.If your budget is less than GBP50 a night for a double room this hotel is highly reccommended.Book a taxi online at -----------. It's cheaper(GBP35 from Nayland to Heathrow) than if you hail a taxi(Black Cab GBP45).Be careful of illegal cabs from the airport.Not worth the price.	
Sep 14 2004	Great on a budget	On arrival found staff not really helpful,as we had just flown in from New Zealand and were tired.Told to come back at 2pm.so in our weary state we came back stood at the desk for ages,while they served someone else,finally siting in the waiting area sat there for over an hour.Then we approached the desk again.This was after 330pm they didn't know if the room was ready yet.Staff could of been abit more friendly and helpful.The rooms were clean and tidy comfortable had every thing you need, but very small.Breakfast was really basic but alright.	
Sep 3 2004	Clean Tidy and Great location		
Aug 21 2004	Great Location		
Aug 9 2004	Geat Hotel..But...		
Jun 22 2004	Great for four aussies on a budget		
Jun 21 2004	Excellent !!!		
May 18 2004	reasonable		
Oct 25 2009 	Ottima posizione pulizia totalmente assente.		
Sep 24 2009 	hotel nella media		
Sep 8 2009 	Empfehlenswerte Mittelklasse		
Aug 19 2009 	hôtel agréable idéal pour un week-end à Londres		
Jun 11 2009 	Limpio tranquilo y muy bien comunicado		
Jun 4 2009	Super rapport qualité/prix		
Feb 21 2009 	très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jan 12 2009 	In complesso non male pero'...		
Sep 6 2008 	Perfekt für eine London Städtereise!!!		
Aug 8 2008 	Buena zona		
Apr 26 2008 	Un hôtel bien placé simple 		
Mar 25 2008	Nos gustó mucho el Nayland		
Nov 3 2007 	Uniquement pour dormir...		
Sep 25 2007 	Una buona scelta		
Mar 31 2007	hotel pas convivial du tout		
Aug 28 2006 	totalmente recomendable very good		
Jun 20 2006	Excelente calidad/precio		
Mar 29 2006	Preiswert und gut!		
