Nov 19 2009 	Absolutely awful. Not a 3*	Stayed with a friend last weekend as close to Olympia. Had very low expectations as the hotel only cost us £55, so very cheap. However, you still expect to sleep safetly and securely. Reception staff were polite but even paying the £12 parking was an issue as they don't have change! My friend was firstly given a parking space big enough for a mini or motorbike, this was replaced by giving her a space with shattered glass all over the floor. We were given a room on the first floor. Double doors leading to the rooms were smashed, not a good first impression! Room was small but functionable. However, when closing the windows one handle fell off in my hand and the other swung round on itself. Maintenance staff did fix this but only after 2 requests. The mirror in the bathroom was cracked in 2 places and the bed was ok as long as you stayed on the left hand side as the right side touched the floor almost!!Did we bother with breakfast? No Fleet seemed a better and safer option!!!	
Nov 18 2009 	A Scary Experience....	This hotel was booked for me by my work for a business trip and I can't wait to get into work tommorrow and write my letter of complaint.... The minute I saw the hotel I knew it wasn't going to be an enjoyable stay, it looks dated and tired from the outside, though that's nothing compared to the inside!This hotel has certainly not been re-furbished, well maybein the 1970s but not recently and I have absolutely NO idea how it achieved a 3 star rating. Everything that the other reviews have written about the decor and cleanliness is 100% true and the reviews which praise this hotel actually anger me as I couldn't wait to leave and was so thankful I was only here 1 night. The whole hotel smells of stale cigarette smoke and damp. The lifts had grafitti on the inside of the door, and I didn't feel safe in them as they are so old and pre-historic. The glass doors in the corrridors were cracked and when I finally got in my room( as my key didn't work) I was confronted with a smelly, tiny, boiling, badly decorated, dated hovel... My window was broken as the clasp had been snapped off, the kettle was full of water from the previous occupants, it was unbearably hot, I couldn't close the bathroom door, there was a huge dusty, dirty hole( think it was meant to be a vent) in the bathroom, ripped wall paper, fuzzy television.. the list goes on. Read the other reviews, as I encountered practically everything on their lists...I actually slept( well for all of 2 hrs) with a light on and my suitcase barracading the hotel door as I really really didn't feel safe as a single girl staying here,which has never ever happened to me before.I'm all for it being cheap etc, but I think it's only fair that it is not advertised as 3 star as basic accomodation needs are certainly not met and I would warn anyone to steer well clear.........	
Nov 11 2009	Very basic	As the title suggests, this hotel is very basic. The rooms are very small and the bedspread in my room was filthy. I found the people in reception pleasant enough and the location was nice enough. There are a few bars and restaurants in the immediate area and the hotel is only a 3 or 4 minute walk from West Brompton tube station.If you just want somewhere cheap to sleep and don't plan on spending much time there, you could consider staying here but do not expect much.Also we seemed to be under the impression that this establishment had a bar....but it does not.	
Nov 1 2009 	DATED AND DISAPOINTING	Receptionist's were moody and very un-helpful one was more interested in chatting on the phone to her friend rather than checking us in!We had a double room and it has to be the smallest hotel room i've have ever stayed in, the room was like a sauna through the night with the window open! I am pleased to say it was only for one night, on the website it said the hotel had been refurb but i saw no signs of this anywhere it was very dated and shabby!	
Oct 3 2009 	Fabulous comfort and value for money! Don't miss out the best english breakfast.	Family Run Hotel, so friendly with key service at all levels, great location as one can hop on the tube and be in central london within minutes. The breakfast is so filling, the best I have had for a long time, and not to worry about the car there is a car park!! Fabulous	
Sep 28 2009 	stay away from the rubbish	nothing much to say just rubbish everything was horrible.stay on the street better then this, blood stain on bed cover, window broken so u can't sleep do the security job 4 this hotel as night porter is sleeping,breakfast was joke,	
Sep 28 2009 	Great location 	I have just read some of the other reviews and cannot believe it is the same hotel. I stayed for my birthday and had a great weekend, Fab loaction for shopping and restuarants and sight seeing. Friendly staff. And for the price and loaction great value. I don't know what people expect for the price! I would recomend it	
Sep 28 2009 	Excellent location good service and great value.	Our stay at the Hotel Lily was a pleasant one; the service was good, staff friendly, location excellent reach of the Knighsbridge shops and restaurants and and Central London. Breakfast was generous and tasty and we were able to stick to our budget for our London visit due to the low accomodation cost.	
Sep 20 2009 	It was like Faulty Towers without the comedy	Lets put it this way, seeing the outside of Hotel Lily (or should i say &quot;HOT L IL&quot; as can be seen on the side of the building) really helped prepare me for the inside...Allow me to paint you a beautiful picture; low ceilings; dark, windowless corridoors; old, smelly carpet used on the walls of the lift and rude, unhelpful staff. This was all very well, like i said i didn't expect much for the price, what i did not realise however was that included in this 'reasonable' price was dirty bedlinen, dusty surfaces and the inability to lock either the windows or the bathroom door. Breakfast is served in a basement, it was, i believe, the standard of Thai Prison food. The creme de la creme of my short yet far from sweet stay in hotel lily however had to be the used condom, that fell onto my head when i turned on the light above the bed. Needless to say I was disgusted and spent the best part of that night wondering round whatever part of london i was in trying to find a 24 hour shop that sold some sort of decent shampoo. On informing the staff the next morning of mynightly encounter they appeared apathetic, perhaps they thought i should have been more grateful for the little 'extra' my room had to offer. Having the appearance of a multi-storey carpark-come-detention centre does little to promote business, and judging by the turnout at breakfast this is the case, perhaps however it was spending the night in the Hotel of Horrors that left the guests in no mood for 2 rounds of cold toast and a packet of marmalade (the 'large continental breakfast').Will i be going back? Only if accompanied by a Television Crew.	
Sep 20 2009	disgusting	i am a support worker and myself and a fellow worker were supporting a lady on a weekend break, on arrival at the hotel lily we were informed the lady we were supporting would need to get out of her wheel chair to use the lift, as the chair would only fit in the lift folded. we were then shown to our room. we had to step over dirty and blood stained sheets in the passage way and were shown three rooms before we given a room that suited our needs. the ceiling of the room was damaged and had what appeared to be mould on it and my fellow worker had to ask for the cover on her bed to be changed as it was stained.. we went to a show that evening and retired to our room late. i was woken at 1.am coverered in red bugs as were my fellow worker and lady we were supporting. we went down to the lobby where the man at reception was sleeping. we spent the rest of the night sat in the lobby. when we complained to manageress when she arrived in the morning, she was very dismissive but did offer us another room when we showed her the evidence we had collected. we returned home that same day instead of staying the next night our weekend completly spoilt. would i return no!!!! i would prefer to sleep on the street..	
Aug 20 2009 	The hotel inspector would die if she saw these rooms!!	The hotel was ideally situated only several minutes walk from the underground station. And that's where things go down hill!!Our room was like something from an American movie where someone stays who wishes to remain anonymous just after they have commited the murder...or perhaps the murder was commited in our room.The windows wouldn't close....great because the room was like a sauna; not so great as the room overlooked a busy road which was busy all night...and noisy all night.On pulling back the cover on the bed an unidentifiable stain lurked on the sheet along with someone's black hair (at least it wasn't curly)There were clean towels and soap and there were tea making materials. There was a t.v. but the remote was elusive...I didn't dare look under the bed...the last resident was probably still there.There were several holes and black stains on the ceiling...the hole in the wardrobe door was very low down and may have been an escape route for Jerry the mouse. The wardrobe handle was almost hanging off...hide in there if you dare!There was toilet roll but the holder was broken from the wall. There was a shower over the bath...well in the bath as the holder on the wall for it to fit into was broken.The breakfast was continental...not sure which continent they were referring to....obviously one where they have only heard of toast and jamwould I stay here again...only if I am on the run and need somewhere to hole up somewhere where no questions are asked!!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	It was awful!	Dear Friends,My husband and I came to London in 4th Agu and stayed at Lily Hotel for 8 night which we reserve it from internet.The first night at the arrival we saw a very tiny things on our sheet, but we didn’t care about it. Because we didn’t see this things before.The day after that we saw blood points in our sheet and thought the servent didn’t change the sheets. So we wrote a letter to her informing to change the sheets.The days comes and gone and every morning we had the same experience. The last day we wake up hatching our hole bodies and saw lots of blood steps on the matros. Our skin was red and full of red spots. More over, we saw lots of dead and live bugs on our skin and on the matros. We went to pharmacy and ask what they are. They were Bed Bugs!We went to hotel manager and inform her but she didn’t care and say that we bring the bugs with you from your country!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I am so sorry for Lily hotel which settle in a civilized country.The manager just gave us back the one night money without any apology or consideration or take us to the Doctor. Finally, we recommend you not ever walk around this hotel and find a better accommodation .See the pictures and judge.	
Jul 20 2009 	steer clear	whether you are paying little or a lot for your accommodation, you should still expect a minimum level of service and health &amp; safety.....at this hotel you have little of either.here is a list of things that happened....please make up your own mind......1. got into the shower to discover the cold water was trickling out therefore i had to have a very hot shower.2. they DO NOT provide bath mat/towel for the floor and when i got out the shower i slipped and banged my head on the bath.3. mirror grubby &amp; glass coating missing.4. wardrobe door hinge broken.....resting at an angle.5. we had to move rooms because of the water, then was told &quot;can you please bring back the key asap because we need the room for someone else&quot; !!! ......knowing the water wasnt working !!!!!!! 6. We moved rooms, then the TV didnt work properly.....bad reception7. in new room.....wardrobe handle came off in our hands8. we only had 1 towel on the bed....i asked for another at 11am when we went out for the day.....arrived back at 11pm to find 1 towel STILL on the bed.....and no extra towel for the bathroom floor......had to go to reception MYSELF to get it.....no room service offered.9. when we booked through late rooms it wasnt clear as to whether there was any breakfast included.....so i phoned the hotel directly and a man told me all rooms included breakfast....when we arrived we were told it didnt !!!!!10. having explained all these things to the general manager, and asked for a dscount, she said &quot;im sorry i cannot offer you anything, you only paid £58 per night which was a very good rate&quot; !!!!!!!! i felt i wasnt listened to and my complaints were totally dismissed. i paid £174 in total for 3 nights and whilst it isnt a lot by Londons stds, its still £174 out of my pocket and i felt i did not get value.The only positive was the bed was extremely comfortable.	
Jul 6 2009 	Loving the Lily	A bit apprehensive as I booked before reading some unflattering reviews about the place, but found it excellent value for money at £54 a night. The room might have been small - if you were swinging a cat you would so so by the scruff of the neck rather than tip of the tail - but perfectly adequate for an overnight. Not exactly the highest quality of finish either, but I couldn't fault the cleanliness. No Internet (but I had my own dongle), TV was a bit 'outer limits' and air conditioning would have been nice but, hey, if you want nice you have to dig deeper. The staff on reception were unfailingly polite and helpful and the substantial breakfast set me up for the day. If I'm back, I'll be back.	
Jul 6 2009 	Avoid this one!	I booked this hotel as a 'treat' for my daughter and her partner. It was part of a theatre package with 'superbreaks' comprising of hotel stay and a show (Les Miserables). I have now discovered that they could not bring themselves to stay at the hotel because it was so dirty and a request for someone to clean the room only resulted in them being shown to another, even dirtier room! Staff were rude and unhelpful and my daughter decided that going home late after the show was the best option. My daughter has recently travelled the world with other students. She is used to staying in very basic accomodation such as student hostels, but she felt that this was just unacceptable. I am disgusted with this hotel and with the 'superbreaks' company for offering rooms here as part of a 'mini-break'. Even those booking a 'budget break' expect certain levels of cleanliness, hygeine and customer service as after all, people book these packages as a special, memorable occasion.	
Jul 5 2009 	Oh My God!!!	Our trip was booked as part of my son's 21st birthday theatre treat to see Dirty Dancing and we where allocated this hotel? Prior to going we checked the reviews on here and after reading them, we where apprehensive about a stay at the &quot;Lily Towers&quot;. On our approach to the hotel, it gave the appearance of a hostel and looked dated. We checked in and given our room on the 4th floor, the receptionist then told us that the lift only goes to the 3rd floor. That didn't matter as both lifts where stuck on the 2nd floor anyway so we walked up. The room. It had 4 single beds that left no room to move about, a small wardrobe with no door handle, holes in the wall, one light fitting which was a flourescent strip, wallpaper missing on one wall, curtains ripped, dust behind radiators was thick, bathroom tiles broken, no slip mat in bathroom, the TV didn't work, we had to repair the phone first before we could ring reception to complain. The good thing was the maintenance man came to solve the problem of the tv quickly! On returning after our night out to see Dirty Dancing, the room was so hot that we decided to sleep on top of the bed covers, so we did not experience what lurked beneath? We where kept awake most of the night by the street &quot;entertainment&quot; people arguing, sirens, traffic in &amp; out of Earls Court. The next morning we went down to experience breakfast. A glass of orange juice, tea or coffee and toast served on a saucer. We noticed that the tv repair man was now wearing a hat and was called &quot;chef&quot;. I'm glad we only had a one night stay here and this place is not in my list of favourites!	
Jun 27 2009	Great cheap hotel!	Ignore what others say, if your looking for a cheap hotel then lily is the place!I found the staff lovley, full english breakfast, clean bedrooms and my room was at the side of the hotel and it was very quiet.Perfect location, people who moan about this hotel must be looking for first star treatment but seem to forget how price friendly the rooms are.Id go back again	
Jun 25 2009 	badly in need of a facelift	We found this hotel through the internet and as it was resonably priced decided to go for it. Lily Hotel or Li - ho-el as was written on the side of the building was very poor standard throughout. The walls were flaking off paint, the rather odd lifts could fit only 3 people at a push, and there was an odd musky smell trailing out of our room. Dont go expecting Travelodge standards, this place had holes in the bedding and moss growing in the bathroom. On the plus side i would say the bedrooms were clean enough, and the staff friendly. I think i will be sticking to recommendations from friends rather than going by price!	
Jun 22 2009	I SHOULD HAVE READ THE OTHER REVIEWS BEFORE I BOOKED IT!!!!	I just arrived back from a weekend of hell! Never in my wildest dreams did I think that hotels like this still existed. Booked the room for a weeked away with my sister. Booked in and told where the room was.....When we got into it , there was no room.....The window was cracked from top to bottom, the *net* curtain, was full of holes, and curling up at the bottom........ There was a chair placed in front of the vanity mirror, but you could not use it as the bed was there........Television did not work, socket for the kettle moving on the wall, little *droppings* on ledge over beds where the lights were, one bed light held together by black tape, chunks of plaster out of the walls, black mould up the bathroom wall in more than one place, chest of drawers broken........... Bathroom door did not open fully so whacked my arm on handle, massive lump and bruise, and the continental breakfast was a farce, when the waitress brought in to us, it was a slice of toast, a portion of butter and jam on a saucer.......... Mentioned all this to reception and it was like they did not care, all they kept on saying was that was their continental breakfast!!! They were not interested in the room problems at all.... This is one Hotel I would never recomend, not even to my worse enemy... I wish I had read the reviews first and saved myself the trouble.	
Jun 2 2009 	If you can't find anything decent then Lily will have to do	Booked a double room,got two single beds.No water frm the shower for all 3 nights,explanation being &quot;thats normal when the hotel is full&quot;.Grubby rooms,t.v and radio didn't work,breakfast poor and staff completely uninterested in helping in any way.	
May 31 2009	s--t hole	stayed here for on night and that was one night too many.Very convinent location for travelling to london but unfortunately it is a dump!!! We arrived at 4pm so our room should have been ready but oh no. The beds had been made but the bed linen had not been changed. The previous occupants had even left there medication! The rooms were very tiny and smelly - not been decorated in years.	
May 27 2009 	You get what you pay for.	This hotel is in a very good location and has a small car park (£12 per day), it is ideal for visiting Earls court and Kensington is well within walking distance if you are visiting the museums. Unfortunately our room was pretty grubby and not well maintained although the bedding and towels were clean enough. There was a queue for breakfast in the morning in the windowless basement restaurant and the staff seemed very harrased as people were argueing about queue jumping. When we finally got breakfast there was not really much of a food choice, it was a basic fry up but was passable, we decided to give it a miss the next morning. The reception staff seemed helpful enough but we didn't have any problems. As we were leaving people were insisting their rooms had been paid in advance but the girl behind reception insisted thet they still had to pay, I don't know how that one was resolved.  Overall this is a very basic hotel but also very cheap for where it is located and does have a car park but if I was not taking the car I would definitely spend the extra money and go elsewhere.	
May 26 2009 	VILE WOULD NOT LET MY DOG SLEEP IN THIS HOTEL	I was absolutely disgusted with this hotel!! I booked a double room for me and my partner but on arrival we were given a twin room, and they would not honour the discount that we received when booking on-line! OK so it was only £70 which is probably cheap for London but still I at least expect a clean room!! There was cigarette burns on the bed covers, what looked like rat droppings on the shelves, mould growing up the walls in the bathroom, what looked like someone had run out of toilet paper up the door in the bathroom. We arrived at 11am to be told the rooms were still being cleaned and would not be ready until gone 2pm, when we arrived back after 2pm and went up to the room I can assure you they had not been cleaned, at most the window was opened to let some air in! Me and my boyfriends slept fully clothed on top of the covers as they were that disgusting! I sent a complaint to the hotel regarding the state of the room they simply sent me an email back saying could you please tell me what room you stayed in and the date of your stay!!! NOT EVEN an apology!!! I didnt even bother going for the breakfast because god knows what the state of the kitchen is, if the rooms are that bad!!! I also scratched my leg on a screw that was sticking out where a handle had fell off a draw and 2 days later I had an infection in my foot, ok they may not be linked but to me it does seem strange that the hotel was filthy and after scratching my leg I end up with an infection!!! DONT STAY AT THIS HOTEL, IT SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!!! HEALTH AND SAFETY SHOULD BE SENT IN!!!!	
Apr 7 2009 	Im ok with Basic...But OH DEAR!!!	This was my first trip to London and was looking forward to it! As we were going with my college group we were to look for the cheapest option for the class so we wouldnt have too much to pay out! Well...We had a 12hour journey from scotland on a coach, when we arrived outside the hotel It looked like any other normal basic hotel! On entering our Rooms they had an awful musky smell to them. We had to share a room as a triple there was no room for a cat let alone be able to swing it about!! The three beds were pushed together. On sitting my case on my bed, after making room for it I lifted it off the bed to find my sheets were very damp...We went to reception to see if we could move! We were then moved to another room of the same size and same musky smell but this time all three of the beds were as dry as could be!! It was a good location if you were there for the earls court convention centre! We were there as a tourism group. We had also paid for dinner...when we went down for dinner there was a large jug of water for us all but the water was like it had come straight from the warm water tap and there was something floating in it like the jug had just come out of the cupboard uncleaned. further to this we were served chicken for our dinner that had not been cooked properly there was blood on our plates which were also covered in dust obviously straight out of the cupboard! On our first night we all decided to go to bed to be fresh for the next morning only to find we were woken constantly with noises from outside our rooms where there were prostitutes standing on the streets and cars peeping as they drove passed! ON waking the next morning I decided to go for a shower which leaked all over the bathroom floor! On the evening of that day we had all gone out to visit the sights on returning we had found that our bathroom had been flooded in the time we had left!! Then to be advised that as we walked into our soakin went room with the musky smell that there were no other rooms for us to stay in as the hotel was full!! It was just one thing after another! maybe it was bad luck but to me the hotel could do wi sprousing up! There was no smoking allowed in the hotel at the time yet the fire alarm went off twice on our second night in the middle of the night for no reason!! strange!!!	
Mar 24 2009 	Oh dear	Sorry to give this hotel a thumbs down. The twin room was very run down and carpet badly stained. I think it was supposed to be fitted but there were gaps in various paces round the room with the old carpet clearly visible. There was one rubbish bin in the room minus the lid - it was a broken pedal bin. The lighting over the beds was again second rate with only a string to pull for the on/off control. The breakfast was well cooked which ups the review rating somewhat and the dining room appeared clean. The staff were friendly and courteous. Had I had any children with me I would not have stayed one night. I was asked for the bill to be paid in full before I went to the room - and in hindsight I should have been more switched on - I will be with any future hotel bookings.	
Mar 3 2009 	Horrible run down dirty hotel	Booked two rooms as the hotel is near Earls Court - both were run down and dirty; we stay in ordinary hotels (not 5-star holiday resorts) all over the world as part of our work in the exhibition industry so are used to basic rooms but we rarely come across anything as poor as this. We chose to sleep in our clothes rather than have contact with the bed covers which had grime lines around the top folds - both rooms were that bad. My carpet was covered in what appeared to be dog hair.	
Jan 29 2009 	Stay Away	The worst experience ever - and we traveled all over the world. This hotel is a disgrace. London hotels are not the best in the world (and people who travel frequently there know what I am talking about), but this one must be shut down.We booked online one double room with English breakfast. First morning we received continental breakfast and when I mentioned it must be a mistake - I was sent to the reception to clarify things. So I left the breakfast room, went upstairs and talked to an English lady (some sort of manager). I had to insist for her to check my reservation - and she said that it includes continental breakfast, and if I want English breakfast I must pay extra. To settle the dispute, I had to go back to my horrible room and bring the printed reservation in order to prove my point. After reading it in black and white, the receptionist got visibly angry but had to accept the evidence. She did not apologize for the fact that I lost half an hour that morning in order to fight for a service that was already paid.Looking back, I should have listened to my husband. He advised me not to eat that morning - according to the saying ''do not argue with the waiter that brings your food''. I got sick by the end of the same day and for the next 4 days I felt dreadful - the stomachaches were so strong I was on the verge of going to the hospital. It felt like my gut will rupture. Thank God, I am a healthy person, never had such a problem before or after this incident. Bottom line, I will never know if they put something in my food (although this is my gut feeling), but they achieved what they wanted from the beginning: I stopped eating English breakfast - because I was too sick to eat anything.The staff (entirely from Poland) is extremely rude and even hostile. The hotel is in a very bad condition - I just hope nobody else makes the same mistake of staying there. I made a huge mistake by not reading the reviews before booking. Just read the reviews and check the travelers' pictures. It is all true ! Do yourself a favor and don't go there !	
Jan 20 2009 	it was ok	Like others on here, when I saw the reviews I was not looking forward to staying. However, the hotel is ok, cheap and fine for 1 night or 2. The hotel is a little tired, but it is cheap. The breakfast was ok, not the best in the world, but cooked and set me up for the day ahead. The water in the shower was lovely, hot and powerful. The room was clean - ish. The sheets were clean, but as others have noted on here, this was not true for the top cover sheet.Overall this is a cheap hotel and you get what you pay for. it is very close to the tube and Earls Court and Fulham High St are only a few minutes walk away. I found the staff helpful and pleasant.As I put in the title, this hotel is ok. It is not posh or luxurious, but does a job when you need somewhere cheap to stay	
Nov 3 2008 	Great value for money dnt read other reviews the talk crap!!!!	when i read all the reviews i realy did not want to stay here i was actually goin to book another hotel but wen i got ther i was pleasently supprised all the bad reviews talk crap!!!! you are hardly goin to get a 5 star hotel wen you pay for a 2 star. all the people that rote these reviews must b stuck up!!! so please dnt be like me and read all the bad reviews and dread going. Me and my boyfried went ova to watch a chelsea match i picked this hotel because it was very handy for for the tubes and match and it was soo cheap and you even got your breakfast for the money you payed. From the outsided it does look abit shabby but its nice inside. i read the staff were very rude and unhelpfull that was crap 2 the receptionest couldnt of help me any more than she did and was very polite, we arrived an hour before check in time but she still gave us the key to or room. when we got to or room i had checked the bathroom and bedsheets as people said they were dirty but they culdnt have been cleaner!!!!!We were only stay here 4 1 night but were not flying home to late the next day but to save you carrying your suitcase about with you all day you can leave it at reception.the hotel probly could do with abit of a renovation but you wuldnt get a beter hotel for the money you pay. i really hope people read my review before they read the other 1s because everything i sayed in mine is completly true!!!!	
Oct 18 2008 	DO NOT STAY HERE	I booked the lily as it was down the road from my friends flat using their web site. I arrived about an hour later and told the receptionist that I had an internet booking. She said that she was too busy to check for a booking even though i was the only one there and that i had to print off my reservation, then she basically started trying to ignore me only stopping what she was doing to tell me there was an internet cafe down the road. I asked her if they sent an automated e-mail when i made a booking, her reply was that they only sent an e-mail after they check the booking which she was too busy to do and that if i wanted a room it would be 75 quid a night (even though i had already paid via internet). A 20 minute circular argument ensued (20 minutes during which time she never checked the computer for a reservation) until eventually a compromise was reached and i went up to my room. (in the elevator which could only take me to the second floor as the 3rd floor button didn't work)It was a twin room and it was quite dirty, one bed had blood stains on the sheets so i slept in the other bed. lighting was terrible and when i tried to un plug my phone charger the whole powerpoint came out of the wall (that has to be unsafe), there was no TV remote or even decent reception on any channel. However the best was yet to come, oh the joy of being awoken at 3am to an ear splitting fire alarm, i dashed around the room got dressed and was on my way downstairs when it stopped. I rang reception and my reply was &quot;yeah it happens sometimes,there is no fire&quot; followed by him hanging up in my ear.Breakfast was okay, allthough like the rest of the staff the waiters were rude almost verging on hostile.Another fire alarm the second night, this one went for half an hour, long enough for the whole hotel to be in reception. once again no real apologies just a blame game about people smoking in rooms. some people were asking for compensation, this resulted in the already hostile staff breaking out into open arguments.the standards of the facilities could have been made up for somewhat by helpful friendly staff (actually i would just settle for courteous) but alas it is the people that are the worst thing avout this hotel.I reiterate DO NOT STAY HERE IT IS A (----) HOLE.	
Oct 8 2008 	There's only one word	The word is: DISGUSTING. Do not stay there unless your closest alternative is a cardboard box on the curb.Went to check out at 0630 and there was NOBODY anywhere to be found to do the checkout. After waiting, ended up leaving without checking out as had to get to work.Not only was it gross and dirty and dishevelled but even the ceiling tiles were stained, gross and hanging too low to the point when you open the elevator (yep, you got to open the elevator door yourself) the door scrapes the ceiling tiles and it is a normal height door!YUK.	
Sep 28 2008 	This hotel is true disaster!!	It's first time when I write review for a hotel.I've booked Hotel Lily (London) when I was waiting my train from Edinburgh to London. I was told that it's 3 star hotel, 75 GBP per night for a twin room.It was the most terrible moment in my travel in Great Britain when I seen my room. I thought I visited a prison but not hotel:- Strong odor of something old in the air - too bad for my asthma!- Flashing/flickering lamp in the room. And only terrible white daylight lamps.- Small and very very poor room. Furniture of a room are terrible.- Not working heating system and NO blankets in the beds!!!Sadly that I was not able to read responses on this hotel before my booking.I've booked two nights and it was impossible to cancel our second night. So I plan to ask my bank make refund.I'm traveler from Russia and my requirements to hotels quite not high, but this hotel is true disaster. Avoid of Hotel Lily in London!	
Sep 24 2008	BE WARNED! THIS IS LIKE A HALF WAY HOUSE	We were only looking for somewhere basic but clean and presentable to stay. Hotel Lily was by far the biggest disappointment of any hotel I have stayed at.Were supposed to stay for 4 nights but stayed only 1. Only good thing the bed linen was clean. Our room was shabby, stained and dirty. There was dust on everything. Dirty net curtains with holes in. Toilet had a broken seat and mirror was tatty &amp; chipped. Ceilings were stained where there had been leaks. Utterly depressing place to stay seemed more like some sort of half way hostel.This place has certainly NOT HAD a recent refurbishment !!! We moved to Holiday Inn Express 250 yards away which was a dream place and only cost us £10 more a night, worth every penny.	
Aug 11 2008	better than i thought	web site misled me to think that the hotel had been refurb!!!!after reading all the posts on here i thought it would be bad!to my relieve it was not that bad bit run down my room was clean. bedsheets very clean staff bit grumpy food very basic but you get what u pay for! 5out 10	
Jul 29 2008	Hotel with nil points. Rooms like saunas!	Hotel Lily, Lillie Road, West Brompton, London.I've never written a review of hotels in the UK, but i'm having to shatter my record. It's a must, just so that you don't make the same mistake.I booked Hotel Lily online through a 'hotels website' which said it was 3* and had rooms available for the given dates. Although conveniently situated near Earls Court and Olympia it's a write-off. It's rubbish. Read on.Starting from the 'underground' car park. It stank of urine and if you look carefully there's condoms strewn all over. It's £12/night to park here. It's cheaper to park off road and walk 5 mins to the hotel.Reception: Basic. I was greeted with the wrong name and they didnt have change for £6! For which I was given an 'I owe you'.The lift, more like a shaft, appears to have be taken from a 1940's black and white movie and is only big enough for 2 without luggage. So the stairs were the only option. I'm not sure what the disabled with wheelchairs do?The double rooms were smaller than tiny, darker than black and simpler than basic. Deco was old and awful. The bed should have had a warning: Spring Attack; the pillows were flater than feathers. The drinks tray was covered with dust (never used, replaced or cleaned) and the argos kettle was filthy. The carpet was last replaced many moons ago.The bathroom, well there's nothing to say about the bathroom. It was very basic and a tight squeeze with no ventillation. After a shower, the room turns into a sauna. Hot, sticky and sweaty.Breakfast is served in the basement. As you walk down the stairs to the basement you'll catch a wiff of rising damp. Perfect to put you off the food. The cantine staff were poor. Breakfast was basic - eggs, toast and beans.No other facilities were advertised. I think it's a family run show as the chef, caretaker and reception staff was the same person!At a cost of £65 / night you're better trying elsewhere. How did I make the mistake of booking here?Stay away.	
Jul 29 2008 	its ok you get what you pay for	I wanted somewhere to rest my weary head before travelling on the next day. I didnt want to pay a fortune either. This hotel was fine for that. The room was ok, though the traffic outside was noisy, but hey its a big city. The sheets were clean and the bed was comfortable. For the price I paid breakfast was thrown in which was good. Yes there s peeling paint in places , and the place is ripe for redevelopment....but folks you ll be paying a lot more then! its also very convenient for the underground. I dont recommend it for perfectionists or honeymooners but for those wanting accommodation at a good price then its a good bet.	
Jul 4 2008 	Disgusting	Bare dirty pipes across the room, urine stains and cigarette burns on the sheets. Need I say any more? DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.	
Jun 28 2008 	A decent budget hotel....	After reading some of the reviews on here we were very apprehensive as to what to expect when we arrived at the Hotel Lily.First impressions were ok....the hotel looks abit old and tired from the outside but we were almost expecting it to be half demolished due to some of the reviews on here!! Check in was quick and efficient and staff were pleasant enough, although none were english!The rooms were small but clean and had everything we needed. They are very basic which you would expect from a budget hotel, but the kettle worked and coffee and tea were provided. The bed sheets were clean and crisp, starched white. No stains or anything else as suggested by some reviews on here. Pillows were wafer thin though and you ended up with an origami swan by the end of the night!!! We think that the rooms have been recently refurbished as cant believe some of the bad reviews on this and other sites. Although, the hotel may have changed the rooms and cleaned up on thier act abit if they have read some of these reviews.Do not use the lift if you are claustraphobic as they are very small - will fit 3/4 people in there. Lots of people moaned about this fact in their review. However, there are 2 lifts and even if you have to wait for the next one it only takes a couple of mins. Failing that, use the stairs!!The hotel as its own undercover secure carpark which cost £12 for 24 hours which is much cheaper than NCP parking and very convenient.&quot;Continental&quot; breakfast is included, although in laymans terms this means toast!! You also get tea and coffee and orange juice.English breakfast was provided but this was extra, I think about £10. The restaurant is downstairs in the basement....but dont let this put you off as it was decorated ok and wasnt at all dingy. It was clean and the staff were efficent and helpful. We had to wait for a table to become free, but as soon as the people left they were ushering us to the table whilst cleaning it. So quick....Overall, this is a good budget hotel at a very reasonable price. It is London so it isnt a &quot;cheap&quot; nights stay, but then you would be hard pushed to find somewhere else in London for this price. Would recommend this as long as you dont go expecting gold plated taps and HILTON logos on the carpets! Ideal for a short break....afterall, you only sleep in the room and not spend your whole trip in it!!	
May 18 2008 	Ashamed	As an Englishman I was ashamed to stay here - did all the foreign tourists staying at the same time think this is typical of English hotel keeping and hospitality? I hope not!Stayed just 1 night at what I thought was a reasonable tariff but even that was not value for money. What you're buying is a night's sleep (at least) but the bed was so poor that even this was impossible. The mattress springs were so prominent that I injured myself during the night (and I was by myself!). No mattress protector, manual TV with indoor aerial (impossible to watch), poor maintenance to decor, one towel pp, no plug to basin..............Breakfast was very limited in choice, i.e. no choice. No cereals, fruit etc. Staff were too busy to demonstrate any hospitality skills. I have been in the hotel business for all my working life and it saddens me that London has hotels such as this - it would not take a lot to do things right. A lack of management involvement is usually the root cause - when did the owner last see room 229?Come on guys - let's show Johnny Foreigner how we English can do hotel keeping properly!	
May 10 2008	Horrible	I went with a group of people and i shared a two person room and it was big anough, but some people had a four room and it was exactly the same size as mine, but with another two beds in it. Also about three doors down from me there were two mice running around in their bathroom, (not nice) Food was ok except for pink roast chicken. The lift was two small. My conclusion is stay in a different hotel!	
Mar 29 2008	Health Hazard hotel for my students	The hotel was so unclean that my students travelling with me got sick from the amount of dust in the room. My room had a pipe running through it that was black with dirt and dush that had not been cleaned I'm sure since the hotel had been opened. I demanded that the company I booked with (EF TOURS -school groups don't let your students stay here!) move us to another hotel but they couldn't do it that night. I was scared to sleep in the sheets, would they be clean? The room that they moved me to (a renoed room) had parts of the wall missing and the fixtures were put on the wall crooked and with only one of the two screws needed. It was cold in London that week and there was no heat in the rooms. The blankets in the closet were throw in there and we didn't even want to touch them. I wanted to take my credit card and walk down the street to a chain hotel that had clean rooms and heat There were many groups staying at the hotel and there were adults with alcohol running from room to room and slamming doors. It wasn't very quiet. I wasn't impressed with the guests who were there and I would not want students to be exposed to that kind of behaviour.The breakfast room was in the basement and I looked at the shabby room and doubted our food safety as the chairs were dirty too.I was shocked at the conditions of this hotel. Who stays at a hotel like this?When in London go somewhere else!	
Mar 22 2008	Not as bad as some have said - honestly	Stayed at The Lily looking after a group for 6 nights. It really wasn't the nightmare experience I expected from some of the reviews although it certainly wasn't the Ritz (by the way, why is it always the Ritz not The Dorchester or The Savoy?!).Rooms are very small but mine was clean and the bathroom spotless with plenty of hot water although the boiler broke down one night which meant no hot water the following morning. It would be harder for couples though as there really isn't room to move around. Lifts are tiny (room for two and maybe one bag) and don't always work.Breakfast was bacon, egg, sausage and beans which was well cooked and fine for a couple of mornings but soon palled. Some fruit or even cereal would have been nice. Staff were polite if unforthcoming.Location is reasonable. An easy journey from Heathrow by tube or, in our case, coach. The 74 bus passes the front door and West Brompton tube on the Wimbledon branch of the District Line is two blocks away but a five to six minute walk will take you to Earls Court from where you have more options. You can be pretty much anywhere in tourist central London within half an hour.Not a hotel I would recommend as such but certainly not the hovel that some have described.	
Mar 21 2008	Do not stay in this hotel - it's disgusting!	We chose the hotel from information given on the internet - so it was our own fault. We went by the photos and price was a factor. We prepaid for 3 nights and if the budget had've allowed we wouldn't have stayed even 1.It is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in - if it has supposedly been refurbished, it must've only been 1 room for the photos, and it certainly wasn't ours. The room was extremely small, with no other seating other than the bed, there was no place to put the two suitcases, except up against one wall next to the bed, the bed sheets had cigarette burns in them, the bathroom had obviously been botched together with sheets of wood over the years and repainted over and over, the room had a musky old smell - it was disgusting. The hallways were dark and dingy and seemed to have false ceilings that were not much above out 6ft heights. Breakfast was a joke conducted in a basement. After the first morning we had breakfast elsewhere. The supposed bar facilities had obviously been closed for some time. The reception staff were abrupt and unhelpful. I have a recommendation - bulldoze it!	
Mar 4 2008 	Great Bolthole for the city	it is very convienintly located to Earls Court Exhibition Centre (just accross the road). Staff were very friendly and accomodating to our demanding requests and always had a smile. Rooms are Excellently priced for London considering its location. The Full English Breakfast is the best i have had in a while (almost as good as my own) and definately worth it. The car park is a good bonus foir london and very reasonable.The rooms were more than adequate for our needs and very clean. i really can't grumble. i have booked another 3-day stay for easter.	
Feb 4 2008	Just no.	Where to start...1.We arrived at the hotel late at night only to be rudely spoken to by the receptionist. 2.Lift was very small and only went to the 3rd floor so had to walk to the top floor.3. On arrival to our room there were 5 beds crammed into what should be a two bed room.4. There were stains all over the sheets and matress.5. On further inspection we found old towels stuffed under the matress.6. The shower only produced either boiling hot water or freezing cold.7. There was mould all over the walls.8. The heating was on full blast constantly, allthough at night there was no heating at all.9. Our only window was jammed open.10. There was a bucket collecting dripping water in bathroom.11. In the room there was no place for the phone so it had to be awkwardly placed on the bed at all times, not exactly comfortable to sleep on.12. Graffitti and bodily fluids were found on walls.13. Kettle broken.14. Breakfast took 40mins to cook some toast. Sometimes not even arriving. One point we had to leave without breakfast after complaining several times.15. TV didn't work and took up most of the space left in the room after the five beds and a wardrobe.16. No shower curtain17. Could not use wardrobe as the bed was in the way.18. Had to change sheets because of stains. 19. No spare pillows.20. No bible.21.Corridoors smelt of bong water. No. Just no. Don't stay here, you would be better off on the street.	
Dec 11 2007	AHHHHHHH!!!!	Yeah, this hotel does'nt even deserve a 1.0. It was awful. I stayed there for three nights. So the first thing you will notics when you walk in is that the elevator can barely fit more than three people let alone luggage. Then, the elevator only goes to the third floor. I took the stair every time, and if your on floor four, you go up six floors worth of stairs. OK, so now your on the correct floor, wait where is my room, well some rooms don't even have numbers on their so you have to assume. OK, found my room, now how do I get in. Picture this, you open the door in, usually only opens about halfway, then you squeeze yourself into the hallway, step into the bathroom to the right, step back out and now your in your room. Not quite, you now have to roll over the bed which blocks the entrance to the bed area. You have now settled in, put your clothes always in a hanger-less closet, taken a shower in a cold water, curtain-less, slippery shower. Don't forget to ask for a large towel between 8:00 and 10:00 AM otherwise you will dry off with a small, one square foot towel. You want to go to bed now.. Your mattress is like a dull acupuncture session. The springs will leave bruises on your back and the squeak can be hear for miles. Your television will have ten channel buttons but half of the buttons will take you to the same channel. Also, great view, of the planes that fly into Heathrow every minute, literally. Oh and don't forget, no room service, now house keeping, and only breakfast is served, no lunch or dinner.	
Oct 27 2007 	terrible place	Hi i don;t no what to say because i think place is a joke, book my room by lastminut.com they charge me£75+5 for lastminut, they promiss me the hotel is good and i will get very good room,i like the location as next morning i have to go heathrow so book the room and what i got , on my arrival found that place is under construction, wellcome by handy man as lady from reception has other things to do then dealing with customer, got the room on 3rd flour but lift don;t go to 3rd as there is button missing so took the suit case and walk to the 3rd flour, wall paper on stair smell so badly, dust all over the place, stair looks to me never been clean,my key did not work so i have to come down and ask for new key and been told i don;t no how to use the key so handy man come with me but he can't open the door so he open with his key and later i have to get the key from reception, open my room door very small room and smell like dirty socks hair all over the place,bed cover full of stains i think never been cleaned, my wife don;t want to stay we went down to ask if we can have other room but answer i got{take it or leave it} i feel like i am in police station she said london is full we are lucky to have room in this price so we have to stay,anyway we come back and stay for the night we payed as it was late to look for room, it was cold and no heating work i ask the night porter but he can't fix the problem as he work alone so he can't come to my room so we wear lot of extra jackets to sleep in cold room, my wife try to make tea but can't find milk next morning we went for break fast and we got surprise the handy man is in chef uniform try to cook and the break fast we got is 4toast jam and butter we look arround some people eating diffrent breakfast we ask the waiter she told us if we want that breakfast pay £11 pound we left without eating but i think in this price we could stay proper hotel as i don't think this is a hotel.	
Sep 29 2007 	Better options available	Stayed at Hotel Lily for 1 night, overnighting to catch a flight the next day. It is a budget hotel, so you should not expect anything great. However, the place was pretty run down, carpet all stained and torn up, and pretty shabby looking. Nevertheless, it was relatively clean.The biggest problem I had was the room space. I don't expect to have large quarters in these budget hotels, but this was excessively cramped. It was near impossible to fit 2 persons in the room with luggage.The cost was not as cheap as would be expected with budget hotels either. In my opinion, there should be other options available, more ideally located for one, and possibly at the same price.	
Sep 25 2007 	lily hotel  give it a miss	both my son and i had a terrible experience at hotel lily . upon arrival , we were delayed 2 hrs. after booking in time . the room itself smelled of sweaty socks and overall it was filthy . despite 3 seperate complaints , the problem was not resolved. i was refused a refund and left very angry with whole experience , i booked through octopus travel who accepted their excuses that nothing was wrong . please let me assure you , it is a horrible place to stay , it stinks in the hallway and in the room we used [ 201 ]. i would not use octopus again either . they are satisfied that a goodwill payment of 15 pounds against the 72 pound room charge is satisfactory , i have subsequently read other reviews about this hotel and realised that i made a big mistake.DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL !!!	
Jun 21 2007	Decent for its purpose	We stayed in the Hotel Lily as part of a school trip. Although it was not fantastic, it was convenient. After we got home, we discovered it is actually not that cheap and in a decent area. There were issues with the rooms and it was not luxury by any means. Still, we needed a place to sleep and we saved money on a hotel, leaving us more for sightseeing. The breakfast was great, the location is excellent, and there is a really nice pub across the street. If you don't mind Motel 6 or its ilk, you will like the Hotel Lily.	
Jun 6 2007 	sleepless in lily	stayed from 1st to the 5th june2007. We had a twin room that was on the first floor overlooking the main road. The window overlooked the service road to Earls Court and as deliveries are made late into the night the noise was unbearable. Pedestrians and drunks talking loudly contributed to even more noise. If we closed the window the room would be too hot. It was supposed to be a renovated room, that meant a clean new bathroom however the shower is so small that you have to enter it sideways. The TV set had tuning buttons that only could go one way and no remote. The plus side was english breakfast was good. the manager was helpful and generous with her advice. We found it a easy to acess buses and trains. Even getting to Heathrow was a two train stop effort. I would not stay there again.	
Jun 3 2007 	drab but do-able	From reading previous reviews I entered with trepidation, expecting the worst.Negatives: * yes it dingy and cramped* workmanship leaves a lot to be desired - pull the shower curtain gingerly or the plastic rail will fall on you...ditto for the not-screwed-onto-the-wall towel rack* reception tried to be helpful but inept - records of bookings kept on a sheet beside the desk, hence the reason someone probably forgot to write in my name and booking * tv reception fuzzy due tv cable wires frayed at the back of tv - a lot of fiddling can get you good receptionPositives:* was expecting room to be splashed in blood and other suspicious stains from previous reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. All bedlinen and bathroom clean and fresh crisp towels each day.* Good location for tube, nightlife, etc. wasn't too noisy from my room* good blackout curtains stopped 4am sunrise waking me up!* breakfast service was very prompt. Full english breakfast was satisfactory - when you're ordering a greasy breakfast you shouldn't expect them to be able to make haute cuisine from it - juice, coffee, bacon, egg, beans, sausage, 4 slices of toastOverall, if you're on a budget for a couple of days it's habitable but if you're trying to impress a loved one with a romantic weekend, Hotel Lilly is a guaranteed mood depressor	
Apr 24 2007 	Faulty Towers	We stumbled upon this hotel not by choice, the hotel we were due to stay at had double booked us and we were told we had to move, we didnt anticpate a problem as usually this means you end up somewhere at least as nice maybe nicer, well................this def wasnt the case here, havin walked from the other hotel with all of our stuff grr we arrived on a busy main rd to find our hotel looked like a hostel or prison block, it looked tired and old, a handy man was outside doin his best to make the flaking blue paint look new again but without removing the old stuff wasnt really succeding, the receptionist was difficult to understand and fairly unhlpful, after reaching our floor we found the wall panel was away from the rest of the wall the wall paper off in someplaces and holes in the wall rightnext to the light switch...scary. On reaching our room we found the bathroom to be quite nice, few stray hairs that didnt belong to us in the bath and a random spoon in the bath?? but overall an ok bathroom, the rest of the room however was terrible, the room had lights above the beds there were four of us and only two worked, no kettle altho tea and coffee on display (only two cups even tho four of us..??) There were holes in the wall, damp on the ceiling and the cupboard wouldnt stay shut and everytime you walked past it hit you! We went back down and asked to change rooms, the reception were extremly unhelpful and regarded us as something under their shoe as we had complained, the handyman was sent to our room and showed us another room which was exactly the same, we couldnt be bothered to move for something the same and so just stayed put, went down to the bar which smelt of damp but came straight back as it was closed due to staff shortage, we went out and had a meal at Zizzis which was lovely and managed to stay there for two and a half hours before reluctantly returning, on getting into bed i found that i could feel the wooden frame underneath of my bed, as could my friend on the next bed, we ended up sleepin on the floor which was more comfortable! All of us slept terribly as the hotel is situated opposite a poilce station and the ambulance station is down the next road which were goin all night. the mornin provided more entertainment, the handiman was now the chef serving up a english breakfast that non of us ate it was disgusting needed a steak knife to cut into the bacon! This hotel reminded us of faulty towers! We are all students and not overly fussy but we left gladly and will notbe returning!!	
Apr 9 2007 	Not bad	This hotel was a bit better than I expected, clean and with a fairly good breakfast included. I'd recommend it if you want to stay near Earls Court. It's not luxury but it's not advertised as such.	
Feb 27 2007 	Comical and entertaining	The Hotel Lilly... well where to begin... My friend booked this hotel against my better judgement even after we had read the previous reviews on this site. She herself was convinced that because the last couple of reviews were good, then the hotel must have gotten better recently... hummmm...The service even on arrival was horrendous but actually really funny and quite entertaining. The reception attendant was quite rude, seemed completely delirious and confused. The room was ok... but when I say ok I say that in a very loose manner. The room was smallish and the fixtures and fittings all looked like they had been purchased through some kind of BOGOF scheme. The bed was really uncomfortable and it looked like it had come out of someone's skip. The bed linen was a bit random with a suspect crusty brown blanket placed between a white sheet and a red cover (see pics). The bathroom was cleaner than previous reviewers seemed to imply but still not dazzling. Unfortunately I probably have obsessive compulsive disorder now from washing myself again each time the shower curtain stuck to me.Breakfast was a bit of a waste. 5 triangles of toast with some butter and jam. It was a bit confusing actually as some people were tucking into full cooked breakfasts whilst the rest of us had just toast. Maybe they were some kind of travel competition winners??Overall points:Pros:CheapFree car parkingClose to the undergroundCons:Tired &amp; oldNot very cleanUncomfortablePoor serviceWord of advice... if you can... pay the extra couple of quid for somewhere better!!	
Feb 21 2007	The Best!!!!	I stayed at Lily Hotel for one week exploring the Sight of London, it was close to the tube station so there was no need to pay for expensive cab fares. Once entered the hotel, greeting from reception was wonderful, they very friendly and helpful.We got ourself a double room, which was very clean and smell fresh, I was very satisfied for the price I paid considering the location of the hotel (15 mins tube journey to heart of London). Breakfast served was satisfactory, just the way i like the english breakfast. Finaly i must admit it was worth the visit to London, If I were to go back I would definatey stay at Lily Hotel, Reccomended.Daniesto Silva	
Dec 22 2006 	The worst hotel I've ever been	I do not have much to say. I was not the one who booked at this hotel and I had to stay there. It was the dirtiest hotel I've ever been in my life. Almost disgusting. The was some hair in the sink and we asked at the reception to have it cleaned: they answered there was no staff at the moment to help; but they never cleaned, not even later.We did not have any lamp close to the bed and we had to walk in the dark at night to find the switch.Avoid this hotel unless you're just interested in spending as less as possibile.	
Dec 5 2006 	Don't Stay Here	Booked through Lastminute at Kings Cross - 65 pounds per night for a double plus five pounds to the booking service. When we arrived, the smell in the lobby made me nauseated (We live in New Orleans and it was reminiscent of the smell in our house after the water had subsided, but obviously, not as pervasive.) We had already paid in advance for the night but the woman at the desk demanded payment for the other two nights (or should I say ordered us to pay her in advance). My husband asked to see the room first. The hallway was cluttered with linens and the funky smell from the lobby was even stronger in the hallway. The room was tiny and filthy. The bed sagged in the middle. There was a hair in one of the towels. The bathroom was small and dingy The bathroom was in obvious disrepair - paint was peeling and, again, the room needed cleaning. I could hear the conversation in the room next door and I think I heard someone pass gas. Needless to say, we sucked up the 70 pounds and found someplace clean to stay, when we could have been sightseeing. If you think you might want to stay here, don’t. Schedule something fun and relaxing instead, for example, a root canal sans anesthesia.	
Oct 19 2006 	please aviod staying here..	We booked through Rates to Go website. Key points:Dirty, noisy, our booking had been double booked. we got given 2 singles instead of our booked double room. would not change this for us, when we asked for the room we booked we were told &quot; be grateful youv'e got a room at all&quot;management offered no discount, told us to look elsewhere and yelled this at us.	
Sep 25 2006 	Left stranded	I didn't actually stay here despite having a booking and paying the fee to Expedia up front as I got to the hotel to find that my booking had been cancelled by the hotel. No effort had been made to contact me and I was left stranded in London with nowhere to stay. The message I got from the management was &quot;not our problem&quot;. I wouldn't recommend the experience to anyone.	
Sep 24 2006	Desperation only	Booked through LastMinuteClub at Gatwick airport - 70 pounds per night for a double or twin. When we arrived, the lobby looked ok, but don't use the elevators if you have claustrophobia, they only hold three people. We rented a double room which turned out to be a single room with a double bed wedged into it. I know it's a single because the wall was indented for a single bed (see photo). As a result, we could only pass each other in one space beside the window (see photo). Our door card did not work and I had to go back to reception to have it re-initialized. The workmanship in the bathroom was very poor. The paint was pealing, the floor was buckled but the shower worked well. When I tried the TV, the picture was fuzzy until I located the aerial behind the TV, no cable. The battery cover on the remote kept falling off until we finally used our fingers to hold the batteries in. When we complained about the size of the room, they switched us to a twin which was much bigger, but this time there was no remote for the TV (still an aerial). The workmanship in the bathroom was even worse, the panelling on the side of the bathtub was comming off. The hallways seemed low, dingy and the doors banged loudly.On the good side, the breakfast room was a nice disco motif and the food was quick - within 2 or 3 minutes - and good. The location is ok, only 3 or 4 tube stops from everywhere.I would recommend you only stay here if in dire need. Then look for a better place asap.	
Aug 29 2006	horrid	Arrived in London and booked this hotel through last minute dot com,my advise is dont.From the outside the hotel looks like a hostel,the inside is even worse,the carpets and curtains smell as do the corridors.The bathrooms were a joke I couldn,t have a shower the whole weekend ,badly fitted bath and shower,great big gaps in all the fixtures made sure that water leaked all over the uneven floor.We paid for a full english breakfast,but saw the state of the dining room and ate out.For the price we paid we really were expecting a nicer hotel than this,we have stayed in London lots of times(usually in premier inns),which are fantastic good value and very clean,everything this hotel isnt.I cannot believe that the company that sends travellers to this hotel have ever set foot in it,it must breach so many health and safety rules.My advice is run a mile.	
Jul 24 2006	Do Not Stay Here.	Over the course of 3 weeks, I stayed at an assortment of hotels and hostels in England, France, and Italy. The Hotel Lily was the worst place I stayed by far. As an American, what surprised me most was the lack of air conditioning. Of course, as I traveled Europe, I realized that most places do not have air. Hotel Lily, however, seemed to be the least ventilated of any of the hotels I stayed at. The nights were disgusting and muggy, and the only thing that keeping the windows open did was allow the extremely loud noise (that's what you get for being so close to a ton of pubs) to pervade the room.The room size was ridiculous. Every single hostel I stayed in was not only cheaper, but the rooms were at least double the size. Like many hotels, the single beds were pushed together. Unlike many hotels, the reason they were pushed together wasn't so that a married couple could use them -- it was because there was no more room in the room for them to go. There was not even room for our suitcases. I traveled with a group, and two of the males basically had to sleep in the same bed.Same goes for the bathroom. The shower had enough room for your body, and that was it. Granted, the only relief from the heat was a very cold shower, but there's only so long you can stay in a wet, vertical coffin. There are no extra towels and our shower leaked, so be prepared for a wet floor.There were little things, too. The clock didn't work, the TV didn't work, the room just had a dirty feel, and there were definitely bugs. The staff really was not very pleasant.And to top it all off -- the continental breakfast consists of toast and...well, that's it. Toast. So enjoy that.Overall, I guess I'm staying that this could quite possibly be the most disgusting hotel in all of Europe. The sleeper train that packed 6 people into a room the size of my queensize bed was more comfortable.Follow your instincts. Do not book this hotel.	
Mar 20 2006	Damn tear the building down	Stayed for one night 18 - 19 march. Rooms small. Beds are small.The heating did not work at all. Knob was broken off. Called the reception and they said they would call back and send someone up. No call and no show. They knew the knob was broken off and there was no way the heat would have turned on..The water was very dirty...had to wait between 15 - 20 minutes before it was clear.The toilet did not work properly....had to turn the handle like 20 times...Breakfast was a total bust...Not up to standard at all.Overall it is a hotel that needs to be demolished.Advise: do some more reseach for other hotels. This one goes way down the list...	
Mar 15 2006	Clean and friendly hotel		
Dec 19 2005	OK		
Sep 27 2005 	Cheap and very nasty		
Sep 1 2005	Horrible hotel!		
Jul 2 2005 	lily good		
Dec 28 2004	not very clean		
Nov 16 2004	great bugdet hotel		
Oct 24 2004	horrendous		
Oct 4 2004	unqualified to be a hotel		
Sep 2 2004	Hotel Lily - Our stay from hell		
Sep 25 2009 	Una cutrez para los puentes		
Sep 2 2009 	Ordinaire		
Sep 1 2009 	Ekelhaftestes Hotel was ich je gesehen hab		
Aug 27 2009 	"consigliato!"		
Jul 23 2009 	Horror!		
May 14 2009 	bon rapport qualité /prix		
May 9 2009 	Très correct sauf le service de l'hôtel		
Feb 28 2009 	Très décu		
Jan 3 2009 	pas si mal que cela		
Dec 30 2008 	Hôtel vétuste		
Dec 19 2008 	bon rapport qualité prix		
Aug 15 2008 	Nul ! ne merite pas les 2 etoiles		
Jul 22 2008	que horror!!		
Feb 24 2008 	hôtel propre et agréable		
Jan 30 2008 	Très Correct		
Jan 27 2008 	Un hôtel moyen		
Dec 7 2007 	ne pas s'attendre à unpalace mais cela peut etre correct vu le prix...		
Aug 23 2007	Où sont les étoiles ?		
Aug 15 2007	hotel déplorable		
Jul 29 2007 	War Schrecklich !!!		
Dec 18 2006	vraiment pas terrible		
Oct 22 2006	Wirklich nicht mehr als 'ausreichend'.		
