Nov 17 2009 	Rooms in terrible state	Thankfully I only stayed at the Best Western Chiswick Palace &amp; Suites. My room had so many problems it was amazing...* Hot water took up to 15 minutes to come through.* Shower only heated up to luke warm!* surfaces in bathroom covered in grime.* Large gap under door creating draft.* Windows didn't shut properlyReception staff were friendly but uninterested in helping remedy my maintenance issues!	
Nov 16 2009 	Very Good Hotel and Great Value for Money	I have stayed in this Hotel for 4 nights.This is a very good Hotel and superb located for business, shopping, or just visiting London.Nice room with everything you need and a big bathroom with lots of hot water.Very friendly staff from the maids to the Manager.Very clean Hotel.Breakfast was good with plenty of choise for everyone.I recommend this Hotel to my friends and next time i visit London i will def. stay there again.Thank you for the lovely stay.Mixalis FotakisRoom No 9	
Oct 6 2009 	Comfortable hotel	We spent 4 nights at the Best Western Chiswick on a recent trip to London. Clean and comfortable, close to restaurants and station. Good value for money by London standards.	
Sep 28 2009 	lovely hotel in lovely chiswick	we stayed here for my husbands birthday its was a very clean and well maintained hotel good service and i felt safe here . chiswick is a atmospheric town with very friendly locals we were very happy with our stay here and will stay here in the future .	
Sep 18 2009 	I will not be staying again in this hotel	The bed is too small (I'm 1.8 m height). Hot water in the shower are coming after appx. 15 min. You have to stand in the bed in order to watch TV. The worse: I had to change my reservation from 4 to 3 nights. The manager charged me fully stating that is the policy of hotel. I think sometime a business can meet the customer and bypass the policy, especially in emergency case. But not here. in addition they charge in advance since they afraid that you will disappear without paying. I guess that these are the kind of guests that they deal with in this hotel. Therefore, my place is not there and I will not be staying again in this hotel.	
Jul 5 2009 	Adequate	Funny little hotel, we were away from main building in a dated room where there was some traffic noise. Breakfast was fine, and staff were good.	
May 31 2009 	"A very pleasant stay"	Everything about my stay was enjoyable! From the moment I arrived to the moment I left. When I first arrived (about 11:00 a.m.), heavily laden with bags and tired from my tube journey, they let me check in early (about 11:30). I stayed in a single room on the first (second, if you're American) floor with a lovely view of the back garden. I had a choice of using A/C or opening the window slightly for fresh air. Lovely to hear blackbirds singing in the morning. The twin bed was very comfortable, and clean. The warddrobe was large and quality-made. The included buffet breakfast was great and generous (except for slight xtra chg for sausage/bacon), there's a beautiful back enclosed breakfast dining deck for garden viewing. The communal computer with limited internet access served me fine, the staff were exceedingly helpful (e.g., helping me get my flight confirmation printed), the room was kept clean, well-serviced. Also, my room was quiet (though I realize this could differ from room to room and stay to stay) and the bath was HUGE and luxurious (even by American standards), and everything worked as expected. (NOTE: some rooms obviously are closer to the traffic side of the hotel and may not be as quiet). The tea/coffee and biscuits, etc replenished every day were most appreciated! I loved the handy little water boiler, so cute. My room also had a very handy and easy to use safe. Everything was so easy and convenient. The hotel is within 5-10 minutes walk to a choice of two separate tube stops in a safe and semi-residential neighborhood overall, with plenty of shopping and dining choices as well. The whole stay was great -- I was sorry to leave. I was easily able to pre-check-out the night before my flight left (early in the morning). This was one of the best hotel stays I've ever had in my life (for the price), and I've been to LOTS of hotels. I especially appreciated the one female desk attendant. She was so helpful, kind and friendly, yet professional. I may be wrong but the only drawback for others may be that I did not notice a lift (elevator) anywhere. This did not bother me personally though. *My* only personal complaint (and this is Best Western's fault in general, I think, not this hotel in particular) is their flimsy metal toilet and towel holders. They tend to come apart at the slightest pull and then crash to the floor noisily! Bottomline: I do hope the Chiswick Palace &amp; Suites manages to keep up its high standards and keeps up the good work, because I will definitely choose it again if I'm fortunate enough to visit Britain again any time soon!	
May 20 2009 	excellent - in parts	I recently stayed at the Chiswick Palace twice, on both occasions for one-night stopovers.What I liked: adequate breakfast, free wi-fi (in theory - see below), v. friendly front desk staff, clean and newly decorated rooms. Safe in room. Quiet location, in the sense that I heard little noise from outside. What I loved: the location. Reasonably close to Heathrow on the tube, if you calculate a journey time of approx. 30-40 minutes. Short walk to Turnham Green station. Chiswick High Road has many good restaurants, bars and cafés, an M&amp;S (food only) and Sainsburys supermarket, Waterstones bookshop, several charity shops and many independent stores selling virtually everything. Being away from the obvious tourist spots means less risk of tourist traps. It is also leafy - less concrete, more trees. Low rates: a room for around 60 quid including breakfast in a nice part of London is not to be sneezed at. What I disliked: on my first visit there was no Internet in the rooms (I stayed in the building at the back). On my second visit I had no hot water one day. The reason why I had no hot water was because there was work going on outside and, despite phone calls down to reception, no one told me to leave the taps on for five minutes (in the land of hosepipe bans) or more in order to &quot;bleed&quot; the cold water.OK these things happen, but no Internet service for several days in one part of the hotel should not happen when this amenity was advertised. Size of room and room proximity. For my first stay I stayed in what must be the smallest (single) room I have ever slept in, albeit strangely comfortable. I was next to a room which I believe to have been used by a member of staff on night duty; this is the only explanation I can find for constant to-ing and fro-ing at all times. The second room was larger and had aircon, unlike the first. However the room rate, with or without aircon, was the same. This I find a tad irritating. As for the proximity to other rooms, my single in the main building was perilously close to two other rooms and their slamming doors. Plus the fact that this is an oldish building with creeking floorboards and I was woken at 6.30 a.m. by someone's early start to the day. Would I stay there again? Yes indeedy, given the location, low rates, reasonable comfort and friendly staff.	
Apr 18 2009 	Lovely hotel	The hotel is situated on the busy Chiswick High street and does not look very inviting from the outside but once inside the hotel and the ensuite rooms it was definately worth every penny of the £67.00 per night for the two of us. The area has good transport links and lots of places to eat and drink on your doorstep. The staff we`re friendly the breakfast good and would definately go back again.	
Mar 20 2009 	good base	We decided to take a trip up to London, so we looked on the web for a hotel outside the congestion zone and found the Best Western Chiswick Palace &amp; Suites. The was so easy to find, (with the sat nav) about 5 minutes off the end of the M4.The reception area looked very nice. There were two gentlemen on the desk, who were very friendly. We paid for our stay up front and one of them should us to our room, which was not in the main building, but through the gardens to one of their flats. It was a nice room, overlooking the main road with the traffic lights. We live in a quiet area, so we thought it would be quite noisy with all the traffic, but it wasn't.The hotel is on Chiswick High Road with lots of shops and restaurants. We were very impressed. There was so much choice of where to eat, eventually we decided on Frankie Bar and Grill, an italian restaurant just around the corner. It was very pricey, but nice.We had a lovely nights sleep in our big bed, it was 2 singles zipped together, but that was ok. Breakfast in the morning was a buffet breakfast. If you wanted a cooked full english it was extra.We wanted to spend the day in London, so when we checked out, we asked if we could leave the car there and take a tube into the City. The receptionist said it wasn't a problem. He gave us a map and told us some places to see in London. Its just 5 minute walk to Stamford Brook. We would definately stay there again	
