Aug 30 2009 	A very fine hotel	My husband and I have just stayed at The Capital for the first time, having happily dined there when we lived in the UK. It's our new favorite and we will likely use it as our regular &quot;home away from home &quot; in London. It's not inexpensive, but the service, location and comfort all are well worth it. From the first night, the front staff recognized us and had our key ready as we walked in the door. They handled every request quickly and fluidly. The restaurant is excellent and therefore so is the room service food. The rooms and baths are very traditional, but comfortable...there are plenty of electric outlets, for example. Good wireless internet coverage. The window shades really black out the light. There's very good storage space in the mini suites. And there's no way to beat the location! You're a few steps from Knightsbridge shopping and the Tube and can walk to much of Central London, if you're so inclined. We'll definitely be back.	
Aug 17 2009 	Staff are exceptionally helpful	The location is fabulous, the staff are wonderfully helpful, friendly and go out of their way to make ones stay memorable in this small hotel. Most rooms are a little shabby, have very traditional decor but are very clean. If you are looking for personal service, a fine French restaurant, quick breakfast room service and an excellent location this is a wonderful hotel. I am a very regular guest and after experiencing other London hotels know this is by far the best for service and value for money.	
Jun 22 2009 	The Capital	The Hotel was very comfortable and the staff attentive. The in hotel Dining room served a spectacular breakfast with a wonderful view. The pre theatre diner was served in a basement fast food style bistro and was very average. I will stay at this hotel again due to location and service. The staff went out of their way to arrange several reservations for me leaving more time for business and relaxation.	
Jun 8 2009 	5th stay service still good for London	This was my 5th stay in 36 months. Although service is still much better than in many other places in London, it is unfortunately deteriorating. Service staff in bar and in Eaton meeting room need surely some refresher trainings.Rooms, amenities and ambience of the hotel remain unchanged and charming.I will surely return.	
Feb 23 2009 	A comfortable tasteful and welcoming little gem	Being from Melbourne, we highly prize a discreet location and whilst it is only a short walk to Harrods and Harvey Nichols, it seems like miles away from the bustling main streets. If you feel like stretching your legs, the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum is quite close and the perfect size to while away an afternoon.The room was tastefully appointed without the flash (a lovely armoire, desk and seriously comfortable bed, rather than generic hotel fittings). The staff seemed genuinely interested in attending our every need (not simply going through the motions). And, while it has an understated, boutique air, at the restaurant I had one of the most cutting-edge, amazing dinners I’ve ever had. Their barman has an infectious passion for cocktails and rare drinks so do let him create something for you after you’ve eaten. There’s a little bistro next door, where we enjoyed breakfast (and the occasional mid-afternoon glass of wine and snack).We had a wonderful time and I’d thoroughly recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 16 2009 	The perfect Hotel for business and leisure	Due to my job I travel very often to London and in the past I experienced a lot of hotels there. Capital Hotel however is THE BEST OPTION for London stays! Since I stayed there I never stayed anywhere else! I would like to mention the few but VERY important reasons for which I ALWAYS stay at Capital Hotel when I am in London:a) The position of the hotelb) The outstanding servicec) The attentive, friendly and extremely professional staff! d) All the types of rooms, suites or apartments are spacious, making you feel the personal attention to detaile) The restaurant is fantastic And last but not least the HOTEL MANAGER, Mr. Henrik Muehle! He is THE greatest asset of this lovely Hotel! Congratulations to this fantastic Hotel Manager and to the Hotel owner who choose Mr. Henrik Muehle to manage this hotel. Congratulations to Mr. Henrik Muehle and to his great team!	
Oct 24 2008 	A "Capital" Experience in London!	We booked a three-night package at the Capital that guaranteed our rate in U.S. dollars and included breakfast, airport transfers (which we didn't use) and access to a nearby health club. Every aspect of this stay was great. We were checked in by one of the managers who upgraded us to a deluxe room. Our room was located down a hallway and one flight up a back stairwell with only two rooms on each landing. The room was spacious with a small seating area and king bed, and had a large walk-in closet and nice marble bathroom. Great Molton Brown bath products! The Capital is a very friendly, smaller hotel...they are full service but because the concierge does double duty at the door sometimes, it took some time for us to get our luggage upon check-in. They operate like an old fashioned European Hotel where you hand in your key when leaving the property...after a few times, they begin to recognize you so you don't have to even give the room number upon returning!We had dinner one night at the Capital Grill which was truly sumptuous (they have two Michelin stars!) and a very hearty breakfast every day. It's around the corner from Harrods and convenient to great shopping in Knightsbridge.Great value and friendly staff...we will stay here again!	
Oct 22 2008 	Comfortable and convenient stay	Whilst visiting the London I decide to stay at the Capital for the main reason of its location. I have to say, I was very pleased with my whole stay from arrival, very warm greeting and shown to my spacious room with all modern comforts. Unfortunately I had other engagements but would have loved to dine in the restaurant. Breakfast in the morning was simple but delightful, nice home made bread offerings. Will definately go here again when visiting London.	
Oct 16 2008 	Enjoyable Stay	We stayed at Capital Hotel for one night and had a superb time. The Hotel was booked through the website whatahotel. Our room was upgraded and breakfast was included in the price. Excellent value. The staff could not do enough for you. The hotel is next door to Harrods so excellent for shopping. We will definitely be returning again.	
Aug 13 2008 	always great!	My wife and I have stayed here several times and always enjoyed it..but on a recent visit she checked in a few hours before I arrived..we always have the same room so I was a little disappointed when I was told we would be in another room....BUT we had been upgraded to a wonderful large suite! We could not have been happier..and of course everyone at the hotel was incredibly helpful...I find nothing is a problem at the Capital..ask and it shall be done!.from the initial e mail requesting a room to our trip back to LHR it could not have gone more smoothly. Keep up the good work!	
Jun 22 2008 	The good and the bad	First impressions are always important. Ours were that the service was excellent, the staff were all friendly but the hotel's decor was dated and even depressing.We stayed in a junior suite which was not large but certainly adequate. On entering, we were confronted by dark green wallpaper and dark furniture with relatively poor lighting even though there were two sets of windows. The air conditioning units were very old fashioned, having vents coming out of a console below the windows rather than being fully ducted through the ceiling.The main bathroom (there was a guest basin and toilet near the front door) was a real disappointment. There was relatively little storage space for toiletries, and no mixer taps which meant that you had to fill the basin with hot and cold water coming from two different taps. Every woman's nightmare of wooden toilet seats and shower curtains were also evident. There was no shower stall so a climb into the bath tub for a shower was necessary.Breakfast in the dining room was self service with hot supplements served by the kitchen. It was expensive and not particularly extensive.The service, as mentioned, was good, with the staff being friendly and helpful but, alas, this will not win us back.	
Jun 12 2008 	Professional Customer Service	Here is a copy of an e-mail I sent to the head of reservations at the Capital Hotel after returning from a visit there. Having previously lived in London, we travel there at least once a year and always look forward to returning to the Capital. (Note: I have eliminated my last name but retained my e-mail address.)From: WB G... [mailto:wbgigg@yahoo.com]Sent: 12 June 2008 10:33To: Nathalie NyelenkehSubject: Thank you for a nice stay Dear Ms Nyelenkeh,We sadly departed from The Capital and London yesterday. We had a wonderful stay, with the full co-operation of the weather.I just want to compliment you and the staff of the Capital for doing a wonderful job at making guests feel welcome and well cared for. My sisters-in-law also commented on the “guest-friendliness” consistently expressed.I would appreciate it if you could convey our thanks to others, especially to Clive and his colleagues.We look forward to our next visit, and we hope it will be sooner than a year away.Sincerely,WB G...	
May 13 2008 	Wonderful experience	Just came back from a lovely stay at the Capital - where to start ? The location itself is fabulous for shopping (Harrods, Kings Road, Knightsbridge etc.), but while being right in the center of all, the rooms and the hotel itself are very quiet - nostreetnoise. Had a very nice, typically cosy english room, and was delighted with the wonderful Molton Brown products in the bathroom. The staff earns 5 stars for being helpful day and night (special thanks to reception + concierge staff in the evening for making my special and unusual wish come true...) and for always being attentive and present in a discreet way.Definitely will go there again, as soon I have to stay in London again !	
May 13 2008 	Justifable the best small hotel in London	I am still here at the hotel! We are staying for three nights and I booked this hotel via Kiwicollection.com . What a treat! Our room was surprisingly large and very quiet. Nothing is to much trouble for the staff. I would have to say this is the best hotel I have had pleasure of staying. Last night we had dinner in the Metro bistro, best fish &amp; chips ever!!! This little bistro is next door but operated by the Capital hotel. I'd recommend you have a look. The only disapointment is that we have only one more night left...	
May 1 2008	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at The Capital Hotel for a week in November. It was our first visit to London and a wonderful experience. The hotel has a real English feel to it which is surprisingly hard to find in London. The location was awesome! It's right behind the hustle and bustle of Harrods but yet on a very quiet street. It's walking distance from Hyde Park, a beautiful place for a morning stroll. The staff was very nice and accomodating. We stayed in a suite and thought it was great. It had 1 full and 1 half bathroom which came in handy while getting ready. We had the best dinner all week at the restaurant there. I can't wait to return one day.	
Mar 2 2008 	a real unique experience	To stay at the Capital in London is an experience of a kind and I will be back from now on every time I stay in the city! There is nothing to compare with it currently... I usually dislike these large hotels wether it is in the city or on an island and head on to smaller boutique hotel for several reasons. Nothing you would expect in the heart of London, though! I was totally blown away not just by the warm interior and stylish design of this property but after trying their fabulous restaurant (...yes, I couldn't resist to book there several times...!) and its creative and outstandingly talented 2-Micheline-Star chef Eric Chavot...I run out of words. Try their superlative lunch and pamper yourself with some of the best wine cellars in the city. You will be more then suprised...at least I was (and I am a very frequent traveller). Rooms are about the same...way out above average, attention to every single detail (including longtime-not-seen amenities in the room), nothing one could miss, everything and even more is there. Staff is extremely well trained and very attentive. The whole ambiance in the hotel is far away from the common city-trip-hotel-flair one unfortunately more and more often need to experience. If you want to pamper yourself during your next trip to London, the Capital is the ONE place to go....while the prices are kept surprisingly low!	
Feb 29 2008 	Wonderful boutique hotel	We had a wonderful 10-day stay at The Capital Hotel. The service was superb. Every staff member went out of their way to help us.After reading some over reviews, I expected a rather small room, but was very pleasantly surprised by the size of our executive king room. The bed was very comfortable and there was plenty of space in the room. The bathroom was small, but it was fine for our needs. We took the package that included a full breakfast and transfers to and from the airport. We enjoyed the breakfast each morning and the sherry in the evening.We had been told that the hotel was accessible. It turns out that there are a few steps leading into the hotel, but the doorman and/or concierge helped us each time we came or left. Someone who is entirely wheelchair-bound might have difficulties, but we had no problems.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 9 2008 	Not Worth the price tag	I spent a long weekend at the Capital earlier this year... Please see my other reviews, I am generally positive, but this place was entirely disappointing.The room was quite small despite being a 'suite', EVERY little thing seemed to be extra, and no service was given with a smile... the breakfast was perhaps the worst part - that is waking up to the scowls from the staff. The best part of the hotel is certainly the night staff, they are courteous, friendly, and helpful.This place could be a terrific spot, but the staff needs to be a little more accommodating and friendly.	
Jan 10 2008 	will not stay anywhere else	I have stayed at the Capital twice, and I highly, highly recommend it. The staff are gracious and quick to rectify any possible problem, no matter how small, without excuses or any possible 'blame' on the visitor, as some hotels might. It is elegant, comfortable, quiet, charmingly decorated, and the bathrooms are luxurious. The turn down service is great, and while I didn't personally eat at the restaurant (though I heard it's wonderful), I did love the breakfast (I didn't order from the menu, but ate from the 'buffet' -- cereals, oatmeal, fresh fruit, yogurts, danish, etc) and that and the individual French presses of coffee were perfect. The hair dryer broke in my room and within a few minutes I had a new one brought to my door. It is a small hotel and they ask you to leave your keys at the desk when you leave for the day or whatever, which at first I thought a bit odd, but by doing so you quickly get to know the staff (and it is a small hotel as I mentioned, so it doesn't take long to become familiar), and this does actually make the stay nicer. And best of all, the location is FANTASTIC. It is in one of the most elite areas of London, a one minute walk from the tube, a 3 minute walk from unbelievable shopping, and if you are there on business, it truly does feel like &quot;coming home&quot; after a long day. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough, it is a beautiful place.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Stay!	I stayed at the Capital for three nights in early October. This was my third stay at the hotel. When I arrived, I was upgraded to a junior suite. The suite was large, furnished in a traditional British style and very comfortable. I would agree with other reviewers who have said that standard rooms are on the small size, but, in my opinion, only by American standards. The bathrooms are large and well appointed. I did not eat in their dining room. However, I did have room service breakfast each day which was on time and very good. I also had a couple of light meals in the bar. The barmen were very, very helpful with suggestions from their menu and had obviously been trained in more than just mixology. In fact, the entire staff at the hotel was most accomodating. This is a very English small hotel in an excellent location. I absolutely will stay there again.	
Nov 10 2007 	Fabulous very English hotel	Recommended by a friend, and never regretted a minute. The manager and concierge set the scene as we arrived - wonderfully friendly, cheerful and welcoming. As we entered the lift the concierge returned to enthusiatically helping an American guest with the day's crossword - only in a small intimate hotel in London!My room was a little smaller than I expected although it and the well supplied bathroom both very well appointed and most comfortable. Without my own notebook to access the wireless network available the otherwise room based internet via TV was too slow to be of any use, and my charge was cancelled immediately upon notifying the desk. The guest reception level internet access was fine for brief tasks.Breakfast was plentiful and of a good selection, although my colleague's omlette was not the kitchen's best. Breakfast and bar staff were most efficient and friendly, and the duty concierge always happy to make a recommendation and have a chat.Fabulous situation a few meters to Harrods and not much further to Kensington tube station. Couldn't ask for better.	
Nov 8 2007 	Greatest Food ever	Eric Chavot cooks like a God!This is a beautiful small hotel on the door-step of Harrods, very nice rooms, exemplary service and best of all has a great restaurant!Highly recommended by Michelin guide, the cooking here is phenomenal, and the lunch time offering is an absolute bargain. the intensity of flavours and quality of ingredients quite simply make this one of the best places anywhere in the world for food.Its an experience not to be missed.Highly recommended.	
Oct 20 2007 	Absolute Rip-Off!!	I booked afternoon tea for 10 at £14.50 via the Afternoon Tea website. Sent one email to the hotel to confirm which was acknowledged. Sent other emails to confirm final numbers of six and that one of our number will have a baby with her. Got no responses. When we arrived they put us in a private room and charged us £297 for six teas!!. The bill was for 10 and not 6 and they maintained they didn't receive my last 3 emails. The teas were £18.50 and not £14.50 and a bottle of house champagne was £55. Basically, even though we had only traveled a few miles from outside London, they saw us as tourists who they could rip off. Their argument was that I had book a room in a hotel regardless of how many people had turned up. My point was that I had actually booked six teas, not a room in a hotel! Eventually they charged for only six but the whole episode ruined my birthday. I recommend that you stick to established places like The Ritz, Claridges or Fortnums and give people like this a wide birth. Will never return.	
Oct 8 2007	Really Nice!	We booked through the hotel's website and got a room with a king bed includive of full English breakfast and free car service to and from Heathrow for $433/night (exclusive of VAT). We loved the hotel and the staff. The location is excellent (next to Harrods and near Knighsbridge tube stop) and the breakfast was excellent (the hotel's restaurant is very good). If you don't get breakfast at the hotel, there is a very nice cafe at the end of the street. The room itself is small (like all London hotel rooms) but the furniture is lovely antique furniture and the bathrooms have Molton Brown products. The tv's are new with satellite programming and wifi is avaialble in your room. There is also a free computer you can use to check email in the lobby. We will stay there again!	
Oct 4 2007 	An excellent hotel	Having enjoyed a stay at the Capital a few years ago on a family trip, I books rooms for myself and two colleagues for a business trip in August. The hotel staff were superb in every respect. While the room, like so many, was on the small side (I had a suite the prior time, which was quite large), it was completely comfortable and quiet. Having read several reviews on Tripadvisor that warned of air conditioning problems, I contacted the hotel in advance about this -- the temperature control was absolutely perfect. I enjoyed the hotel so much that I am returning in November and bringing a client. I hope to be a frequent guest.	
Sep 27 2007	Dont Stay Here	WARNING do NOT stay at this hotel-they are liable to cancel your booking without notifying you. Thats what what happened to me after a 24 hour flight.	
Sep 25 2007	Loved the Capital Hotel	What a wonderful Hotel The staff were amazing and so very helpful. The room was so comfortable. I had a single room and it was perfect. I slept so well. In an excellent area so close to Harrods and shopping as well as the Knightsbridge Underground Station. Within walking distance of wonderful restaurants. Just loved it and will return on my next visit.	
Sep 24 2007	Loved The Capital	Flew EOS and took the Picadilly line to the Knighsbridge Station which is less than a block from this 5 star gem. Had a good sized mini-suite on the 6th floor which included 1 1/2 bathrooms.Internet rate of $713 US including a full breakfast in their handsome dining room was a bargain - based on current UK prices - and included a private car to Greenwich where we boarded the &quot;SilverShadow.&quot;. The well trained staff was outstanding and the cocierge recommended dinner at Toto which was an excellent choice. Excellent location close to Harrod's and on a quiet street.	
Aug 31 2007 	Quintessentially English	We heard about The Capital from friends and just loved it. It is everything you'd expect from a very English hotel (except with warm and efficient service!). So much attention to detail is paid here - from the beds and linen to the delicacies served for afternoon tea. We'll be back!	
Jul 29 2007 	Terrific little hotel!	We stayed for three nights to begin a trip to the UK and found this an extremely pleasant small hotel.Particularly enjoyed the restaurant - they have an amazing chef! I recommend at least one dinner there - did not find better in all of London.Only drawback, from a North American perspective, is the relatively small size of the room.	
Jun 2 2007	Quiet Low-Key Luxury in London	I stayed at The Capital for 3 nights on May 20, 21 &amp; 22, 2007. I had a junior suite with a king bed. Separate sitting room with loveseat and chair and good reading lights. Sitting room and bedroom were large and very nicely decorated. Clean and well maintained. Small bath with shower over tub always seemed a bit stuffy. Bath always seemed too warm--couldn't turn off the heated towel rack. Two small TVs, newer flat screen in the bedroom. Room was directly on Basil Street, but was surprisingly quiet.Excellent Knightsbridge location, just a few hundred feet from Harrods and not much further to the Knightsbridge tube station.Shortcomings: weak HVAC--separate units in each room could barely keep room cool when outside temperature was cool to moderate; one HVAC unit was noisy and neither was quiet; small, stuffy bath; not well sound-proofed between rooms--some voices penetrate the walls, especially in the bath.Outstanding restaurant--rated two Michelin stars. I had the best dinner of my 17-day trip here. The delightful restaurant room is also the great breakfast location.I also stayed at The Stafford in London earlier in this trip. I liked both hotels very much. They offer similar experiences in different top neighborhoods at similar cost. The Stafford was quieter room-to-room, The Capital has a nicer restaurant, The Stafford nicer baths. Both have excellent staffs with The Capital's a bit more personal. I probably will return to both. I rate The Stafford slightly higher on the basis of fewer shortcomings.	
May 21 2007 	Perfect for shopping	Excellent service at this hotel. Staff were welcoming and helpful and it was just 50 yards away from Harrods. Molton Brown toiletries and quality bed linens and a very comfortable bed. The bar was very well staffed with fabulous cocktails. Good people watching, we were fascinated by the blossoming romance of Louise and Jonno !! Breakfast the next morning was good. I haven't awarded 5 stars as the a/c in the bedroom was very noisy. Rack rates are expensive but we stayed with our airmiles. Even had a little welcome gift and card in the room. Lovely stay	
May 7 2007 	The finest hotel with the best service and accomodations we have ever stayed in.	The Capital Hotel is a small beautiful botique hotel with the finest rooms (our junior suite was quite large and very nicely furnished). All of the staff were as nice and service oriented as can be. The staff remembered our name and always greeted us. The restaurant food quality and service were absolutely superb. The bar is very pleasant with high quality furnishings and outstanding service. The locations is perfect because it is close to many nice restaurants and great shopping. It is now our hotel of choice whenever we are in London or even close by somewhere in Europe.	
Apr 26 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	Stayed one night. Location just behind Harrod's and close to numerous restaurants is perfect. Nice little lobby and bar. My single room was small but comfortable and very well maintained. Good bed and chair, flat screen TV. Good breakfast except for the coffee, which was veeeery weak.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great location very nice service good value for now at the Capital!	I find it difficult to understand how some of the higher ranked hotels in London on Tripadvisor could rate so well; but, this is a very decent place. It's not the ultimate in 5 star luxury, but at the current very weak &quot;Bushdollar&quot; rate, it's a fine place to stay. What is quite, quite nice is the location . . . just 1/2 block behind Harrod's in Knightsbridge, which means a pleasant walk from there up to the corner of Hyde Park, through the ornament and the park to Buck Palace and on the Westminster and anywhere else in Central London you wish to walk. Also, the Knightsbridge stop on the tube is just around the corner. They were running a special rate this year for Americans which seemed pretty good considering the current costs of many hotels that are of equal or better quality . . . $433 per night (plus VAT) which included a good sized room, breakfast daily, a private car to and from Heathrow (about a $200 value,perhaps) and in our case, one dinner in the Bistro next door (currently discontinued, I believe . . check website to be sure). We like the Connaught, but currently it's about $800 per night for the room we wanted and I only like to pay that much for an all inclusive resort on an island somewhere, such as Gamea in Fiji.We are ardent travelers; this year having been to New Zealand, Fiji, NYC several times, through PA, VA, WV, GA, NC, SC,, England, Wales, Switzerland and Italy. This is not the most elegant hotel we've stayed in, although we don't care for the stuffy atmosphere of some of the most expensive, but this is very good value for the money and we could find nothing to complain about . . . although we did find better breakfasts elsewhere in England this trip. The service is very much customer oriented and helpful, the rooms are pleasant with silent air conditioners, the bathrooms are quite clean and in good shape, if not the largest (at least in the level of room we took) but neither my wife nor I could find anything about which to complain. We can recommend it confidently. We do suggest heeding recommendations of others on this site to ask for a room facing Basil Street as it is very nicely quite at night.The Levin, owned by its founder, is opening just next door and promises to be quite luxurious. The restaurant, The Capital, within the hotel enjoys an excellent reputation.	
Apr 10 2007 	Capital experience at the Capital!	We had a fantastic experience at The Capital over Easter weekend. It is an old-style, luxurious boutique hotel -- very private feeling, which we liked. Some other reviewers described areas of the hotel as tiny, but the hotel isn't so big, so I wouldn't expect some of it to be bigger. For instance, yes, reception is small -- intimate, I'd say, with the concierge doing double-duty at the front desk when needed -- but we only once or twice in four days passed any other guests there, so it didn't need to be better.Our experience included:- an upgrade (Virtuoso booking perk) to a Deluxe room, it was really enormous with a separate sitting area with two big chairs and a desk and two large closets, plus a cupboard with extra shelves, and lots of nice amenities.- Staff who couldn't have been nicer, in the restaurant and at the front desk / concierge and on the phone. We were almost never asked for our room number as we came in; they just all knew who we were- a fantastic dinner at the Capital Restaurant, worth every pound but not outrageously expensive- amazing breakfasts -- with the scrambled eggs cooked exactly as my boyfriend likes them! -- and lots of selection- a wonderful location, close to shops and easy to find, in a lovely neighborhoodWe will definitely stay there again!	
Mar 25 2007	Excellent service	We had a fantastic time.Great location, amazing room decoration and very friendly staff.Thanks for make me feel so comfortable even been so far from home.Viviane - Brazil	
Mar 20 2007 	highs lows and so-so's	Traveled in March with my 12 year old son. After much internet research, chose this hotel because it seemed like a classy hotel offering personal service and convenience for a good value through the US$ package. Stayed for five nights in a deluxe room, room 259, facing a service courtyard.HIGHS-- Service - specifically concierge Graham Luff. He's wonderful -- friendly, helpful, thoughtful. Helped with plans before trip via email, such as reserving theater tickets and restaurant reservations, and during trip, such as securing timed tickets for London Eye, giving directions and travel and restaurant advice. Many of the other workers were also professional, helpful and friendly.- Linens, bed and pillows - super comfy bed, cushy pillows and comforter, silky, smooth linens, extra large, fluffy towelsLOWS -- Condition and first impression - disappointing: public areas (reception, bar, dining and sitting rooms) are tiny, not just small, tiny; appearance not as polished and sophisticated as portrayed on website; paint chipping, woodwork pocked, carpet stained- Service - WOW#1 - On the first morning, I found that the hair dryer wouldn't work, so I called the front desk to ask for help. A worker appears with another hair dryer. It too wouldn't work. With hair dripping wet, I asked him to please find a room where I can use a hair dryer. He takes me to the service room on my floor. The SERVICE ROOM!!! Where housekeeping and maintanance work and keep their cleaning products and tools. It is filthy, grungy, gross . . .. I'm hesitant to set down my brushes, for there is no clean surface. Since I don't have much choice, I proceed to dry my hair here. While doing so, the manager arrives and apologizes profusely. She immediately finds an &quot;engineer&quot; to assess and fix the problem in our room.  WOW #2 - Despite checking with his company and assuring us we were in the right place, our airport driver (provided by the hotel) delivered us to the wrong terminal. We very nearly missed our plane. Extremely stressful experience that could have easily been avoided. Also, some of the concierge (certainly not Graham Luff) were not so welcoming or helpful; one rarely looked up from his paper work and one was completely clueless.- Bar - where Express breakfast is also served - reeks of ciagerette odorSO-SOs -- Location/convenience - within a very short walking distance of Knightsbridge tube station, Hyde Park, shopping and restaraunts; taxis plentiful because Harrods is at end of Basil St., however,not centrally located, so it's far from most tourist sites- Noise - Our room faced the service courtyard so it was generally quiet except for two early mornings when clanging deliveries were being made- Afternoon tea - service was great; sandwiches and scones were tasty, the other sweets not so good; served in a tiny sitting room; cheaper than places like Liberty and Savoy, but the food, settings and experiences don't compare- Breakfast food - delicious pain au chocolat and French yogurt, however, eggs, bacon, and coffee -- some days delicious and some days inedible- Amenities - gladly (and surprisingly) used central air and high-speed internet, large umbrellas available to borrow, however, no clock in room (causes a little stress when you're depending on a 5:45 am wake-up call for plane departure), no deoderant soap (may be the norm) or other body soap, and abhored the scent of the Molton Brown bath products (just a personal preference, for I think that they are very popular in England)- Space/Storage - bathrooms are tiny, but there's plenty of storage for folded and hanging clothesOVERALL, I'd say that the experience wasn't at all as I had expected; however, it also wasn't a total bust. Have stayed in a variety of types of hotels in England, France and Italy as well as the Caribbean and US, so I don't think that my expectations were unrealistic. Thought I was getting a great value with the US$ package -- a sophisticated, five star hotel and exceptional service at a four star rate. However, I feel like I got a poorly maintained three star hotel with inconsistent service at a four star rate.	
Mar 18 2007 	The tiniest room ever in London!	Hotel looks really nice from outside and the fireplace in the lobby (it was snowing outside) creates a pleasing atmosphere. The location indeed is perfect! But that's it! The room was tiny! One single bed inside! Puh! And a very small bathroom! For the nightly rate they charge you, you can get better deals in London.	
Feb 14 2007 	Could have been better	Still a fantastic location and a quiet small hotel, BUTthe room we occupied for two nights this time showed same aging effects, such as stained paperwall, bathroom not so clean looking (floor and sink not neat looking) The elevator also really looks a bit run down for this type of establishment.Service was polite and helpful.The room was quiet and spacious.	
Nov 9 2006 	very profesional	Upon arrival, the manager welcomed me in person.Staff is very helpfull and profesional. The rooms are well decorated and they take care of all details.Food is good, but it taks a little bit long to be served.I will repeat	
Nov 7 2006 	Wonderful Capital	We have recently spent a week in this charming hotel. From the time of our arrival to departure we were made very welcome andnothing was to much trouble. The staffs main aim seems to be to make ones stay perfect. We ate in the restaurant twice and had two of the best meals we have had. We are looking forward to our next stay.	
Oct 17 2006 	Still gives the best service in London	I have stayed at this hotel on three different occasions since 2003 and have always had a good experience. The hotel is in a great location and is small and intimate.( tucked away on the street behind Harrods) If you want peace and quiet in a smart hotel, this is the place to stay.I can recommend restaurant as well.I went with a friend for afternoon tea this month and the service and hotel are as great as ever. Afternoon tea at the Capital is one of life's great pleasures - go and enjoy.	
Oct 13 2006 	luxurious cauzy and excellant location	I would say this is probably the best hotel I have used in London!	
Oct 9 2006 	Noisy small rooms	The Capital is a nice looking hotel but has some issues with noise. The rooms are very small and offer a great base if you dont want to relax in your room at all. Unfortunately, all night long you can hear banging and crashing of the air conditioning units that are quite old, not to mention delivery vans coming into the courtyard. Due to the noise alone we had the worst sleep of any stay in a london hotel and I have stayed at most of the five star hotels, including the Ritz, the Draycott (which is a much better hotel than the Capital) and Claridges and the Dorchester. The carpet is a little too well worn but that is forgivable, however the overly invasive noise isn't	
Aug 30 2006 	Best Stay In London	Stayed a Friday and Saturday night and on arrival was informed we were being upgraded. The staff were attentive and dilagent with expert knowledge of the city. We ordered room service Friday night and would recomed the steak. The room was of a good size for London, clean thoughout and very quiet. Breafast is very good as well. There were many little touches that definatly improved our stay. I would definatly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a confortable and stress free stay in central London and has become my firm favourite when staying in the city.	
Apr 6 2006	Quaint and Lovely - Pure joy!	I highly recommend this hotel. This hotel typifies London for me with quaint furnishings, a lovely little lobby, and staff that will go above and beyond for their guests. The location is great too - 1/2 block from Harrod's (you must see the food markets and cafe's in the store - simply wonderful) and the neighborhood is great. There are many shops (not just high end) and restaurants in the area. And the residential sections typify London so it was nice to stroll about. The hotel staff recommended a fun Italian restaurant one block away. The wait staff there was fun and the food was pretty good.This is an old hotel with old style - you leave your room key at the front desk. You'll first be greeted by a warm and lovely lobby with a fireplace and an accommodating staff. In our room, the walls were treated with fabric, the bedding is first class, and the furnishings are classic. All very clean, comfy and stately. And no noise coming from other guest rooms.The only problems I had with the hotel are with the bathroom. In our room, the heated towel rack wasn't in the shower. It was mounted near the floor close to the toilet. I managed to touch the rack with my leg a couple of times...it's a little startling - very hot. The tub floor is more concave than flat so I had to stagger my stance while showering - it felt a little narrow. And the sink has two faucets - one for hot and the other for cold. Cute, but not too efficient.Despite these minor issues, I would definitely stay at this hotel again. I highly recommend The Capital Hotel in London. You'll love your room and appreciate the staff.	
Mar 31 2006	Perfection in every way...	Excellent location...right at the backdoor of Harrods and half a block from Sloan ST. (Harvey Nichols, Gucci, Ferragamo...need I say more?). My family and I were fortunate enough to spend three awesome weeks in this hotel. The service was welcoming, knowledgable, refined and delicate. The amenities were top-notch.My family and I dream of going back...this hotel is a true benchmark for all other hotels to aspire to!	
Feb 9 2006	great locationvery good hotel	High points top ten: 1.location 2.they upgraded our room when ours was not  ready. 3.breakfast included in special,it was huge and delicious. 4.large room with 1&amp;1/2 bath in room. 5.unique large room with english style. 6.staff, especially Clive and Greg. 7.private limo at airport was part of  special. 8.very good king bed based on euro scale. 9.very clean and quite. 10.3 large closets,room safe,mini bar, fireplace in lobby,great deli-bakery on corner,etc,etc,etc.Low points top ten: 1.wild and crazy limo driver! 2.Metro meal included in special;average  food,very poor service. 3.small lobby,not bad, just not good. 4.the price for in room internet by the  hour should be a crime. 5.no u.s. cnn, nbc, cbs, fox; come on let's have some satellite tv at these prices. 6.expensive? untill we saw paris prices! 7.V.A.T. not included, this is a sales tax on steroids. 8.-------I'm thinking. 9.----------Hey, I'm still thinking! 10. Oh yea, I'm not there right now;I miss  this place,I'm going back. gotta go now!	
Jan 18 2006	Outstanding stay at Capital		
Oct 31 2005	Loved the Hotel Will Stay There Again		
Sep 4 2005	A truly memorable week!		
Jul 5 2005	Great hotel even better location!		
Mar 1 2005	wonderful Hotel!		
Feb 15 2005	We just returned from London on the 11th 		
Sep 13 2004	Perfect		
Sep 14 2003	Pleasant Stay		
Jun 11 2003	Can I Move In Please		
Apr 30 2002	Excellent charming boutique hotel		
Oct 26 2008 	???????????		
Feb 20 2008	das capital ist eine Reise wert		
