Nov 19 2009 	What a lifesaver! Excellent service in a CLEAN hotel! Can't say enough good things about HIE Southwark!	This hotel is a hidden gem of London. It is a fantastic value. For little more than the dump hostel we were supposed to stay in, we moved to the HIE Southwark and could not have been happier. The location is not bad.. 5 minute walk to the tube and/or short cab ride to most places. The staff at the HIE was EXCEPTIONAL. I cannot even begin to describe the measures they took to make our stay better. The room was very nice; recently renovated. The bed was comfortable, the bathrooms were nice and the room, most importantly, was immaculately CLEAN! Just a great, great value. I will stay here again next time I am in London. It was a trip-saver!	
Nov 7 2009 	What you would expect from a HIE	I stayed at this hotel for two nights in October. The staff on the front desk were friendly, rooms clean and in a good location if you want to explore the South Bank area and it is on the doorstep to the Tate.The first morning I was there I went down to breakfast at 7am and was the only one there, options was limited with sausages, scrambled eggs, croissants, bread and cereal.The next morning was a different story I went down at 10am and it was packed with no where to sit, I ended up eating at the bar.My only major bad point to this hotel is the distance from Southwark tube station, it takes about ten minutes walk to get to the hotel from it, and after a long day of walking around London I just wish it was a bit closer.	
Oct 28 2009 	average hotel	This hotel is fairly convenient to London via the Southwark stop on the Jubilee line or the Millenium Bridge. The rooms are extremely basic; few amenities, no dressers for clothing, only shelves, insufficient lighting, shower only, no fridge or microwave. Worst of all, internet access was five pounds per hour! Use the free wifi at the Pret a Manger restaurant down the street instead. Definitely not more than a 3 star hotel. High priced for the value. Breakfast was adequate.	
Oct 25 2009 	Would highly recommend	The Holiday Inn Express Southwark was a wonderful stay for myself and a friend for a week in London. The rooms were modern and very clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful with directions and things we should do during our stay. The hotel was in a great location, bus stop only about 50 metres from the front door. There is also a train station about a block away but unfortunately until i think it was the end of 2010 they are renovating the station and it is closed on weekends. Also a continental breakfast was included which I generally expect to be toast and cereal but the breakfast was of very good quality for what was classified as 'continental' with good variety of food.I would hightly recommend this hotel, great value for money.	
Oct 1 2009 	A++ Perfect Place to stay- All Around - Most Friendly Staff"	We stayed here for full one week with our family and had the best experience. The hotel is ideally located on the Southbank nearby all the London locations, tourist spots, very safe, three tube stations nearby-Southwark, London Bridge, and Borogh, and it is in an area that is quiet, clean, not crowded at all. The room and facility were very clean. Perfect hot breaksfast in the monring that gets you going for the day. The best part of the most friendly staff that is available 24 hrs to help you in everything that you need. You have many many nice and reasonable budget eating places. Many buses stop bere. You could walk to the the north and south banks and enjoy the best restaurants. We would highly recommend this place to anyone who is staying for short or long and looking for an overall perfect experience.	
Sep 23 2009 	Very good!	Stayed here four nights on our vacation trip. The room, located on the first floor, was small but very quite and clean. The Bed was convenient and the bathroom with shower excellent. Who needs a tub? The only thing I missed was a lamp on the desk. The breakfast was better than expected. There was even fresh fruit, scrambled eggs and bacon. We are very satisfied with the personnel. They were helpful and very polite. I don´t understand the bad reviews about the personnel at all!!Teh location is super! Close to the tube, Tate modern and the very nice &quot;path&quot; along the Themse. We´ll stay here again!	
Jun 17 2009 	Excellent value no-frills hotel in quiet and convenient location	My wife and I stayed here on 13 June 2009. The hotel is in a quiet location just south of the river. Good location for the theatres on the south bank - Globe, Old Vic, Young Vic in particular but also close enough to the National Theatre - and the galleries and museums. Reception was friendly and efficient. Room was basic (as one would expect) but spotlessly clean. Wouldn't recomend it for a long business trip as desk space very small but fine for leisure or short trip. Firm, comfortable bed. Air-conditioning just right and not too noisy. Shower etc fine. Tea and coffee making equipment and the tea was first-rate. Very good breakfast included in price. Basically continental but included sausages and the best scrambled eggs I have ever had in a hotel anywhere. We paid £109 for a double room but could have had it for £93 if we had been sure we wouldn't cancel.	
Jun 14 2009 	Good location perfect for a quick stay	Just had a one night stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Southwark - its a typical HI Express with comfortable rooms, reasonable facilities for the money and a good breakfast included. We were able to check in early, although the friendly receptionist did explain that the sofa bed in our room would probably not have been made up, but we let her know when we went out and it was all sorted by the time we got back. We particularly like the area along the south bank of the Thames and this hotel is really convenient, being a 10 minutes stroll from the Tate Modern. The breakfast was excellent and even included bacon and scrambled egg, which was a bonus! A taxi from London Waterloo to the hotel was just £5 and it was just over 10 mins walk to Southwark tube station. Every member of staff we met was extremely helpful. All in all, a nice base for a short stay in the city.	
May 4 2009 	Ideal for a short stay	I and my friend stayed here for two nights from 1st May. We stayed here last year at about the same time. The hotel is comfortable and very clean. The reviewer who thought the beds were hard should visit Thailand... Breakfast was ample, being clearly indicated as 'Continental', so you can hardly expect a 'Full English'. There was no WiFi in our room but the hotel are working on it, so they said. Try Leicester Square for internet access at a quid an hour if you need it, to avoid the high hotel rate. I researched before booking and could not find any of these hotels at 'a far better standard' another reviewer said I could get 'at the same sort of price'. I travel extensively around the world and think this hotel is just fine for a short stay. I would much rather stay here than in a large and tired room as you sometimes find in the more pretentious and more expensive London hotels. I booked in advance and paid a third of the rack rate and so consider I got good value for money. Book on the internet and don't just roll in from the street and pay through the nose. These hotels fit the bill for most of us. No wonder more are appearing each year.	
May 1 2009 	Good basic hotel	The double rooms I had booked each had a sofa which was an addition to most hotels.I can't complain about the hotel, however I do feel that it's very expensive for what you get. If you shop around you can get a far better standard of hotel for the same sort of price.Location was really good, very easy walking distance to the river and Tate Modern.I would stay again, but only if other hotels in the area were more expensive or fully booked.	
Apr 15 2009 	Perfect for my needs one night at cheap price.	Stayed here for two nights after a week elsewhere in England. Just needed a place to sleep after a little sightseeing in London. This hotel fit the bill perfectly. Room was clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast was a plus, not great but enough to get going in the morning. Free wifi in the room was a bonus I hadn't expected. The location was good for my needs as well. Would definitely stay here again for a short visit.	
Apr 12 2009 	Small Rooms and Very High Phone Call Fees	My wife and and I and 11 and 12 year old stayed at the Express By Holiday Inn London -- Southwark. We booked our room in a hotel that was represented as a 3 star hotel by a major on-line travel website. In my opinion, that rating is too high.The hotel has some definite pluses. The rooms are clean, neat and functional. The continental breakfast is convenient and served in a clean, airy and spacious room. The staff is friendly and efficient as to their very specific jobs. The price was very good.People should know the minuses, however, before they book this hotel.We had a &quot;family room&quot;. It had a standard double bed, a narrow built in &quot;desk&quot;, one chair and a love seat sized sofa sleeper that rolled out into a bed smaller than a standard double bed. I laid down on it and found it quite uncomfortable. My 11 year old is still complaining about it. It is an amazing bed for a &quot;three star hotel&quot;. When the sofa sleeper is down, there is little free floor space in the room. The roll out was crowded for my two average sized children. The room in this three star hotel has no drawers and no closet and a baggage stand for only one bag. We had four bags. It did have a little hanger bar area with six hangers. That is inadequate for four people and way out of standard for a hotel that is a &quot;three star hotel&quot;.The bathroom was great, but had only a shower and limited counter space.Staff had little or no useful information about local transit stationsand scheduled closures of the same and made no effort to look it up on the internet.We made one phone call to a London area cell phone on a London number. It was a fairly long call. (30 to 40 minutes App.) I was charged 18 Pounds Sterling for this call even though it was a local call. That is an unreasonable rate and essentially makes the phone unuseable for many people. There was no warning about this very high rate. When I checked about internet fees, they also appeared to be high.I connot recommend this hotel for families, stays of more than two nights or anything other than short stays for singles or couples who require nothing more than bed, bathroom and a free continental breakfast. I don't recommend this hotel for anyone who needs phone or computer access unless on a business trip where high usage charges are acceptable.	
Apr 12 2009 	Good basic accomodation	Stayed here for one night and it's a typical HIE - clean rooms, breakfast included, and helpful staff. Good location for everything on the South Bank, 5 minutes from the London eye, and a nice walk up to the Tower. Rooms are clean, airconditioned with tea / coffee and shower rooms (no baths).5 minutes walk from Southwark tube.	
Mar 25 2009 	Stay somewhere else for the same money	I chose this holiday inn as I knew Southwark well and it offered triple rooms, which suited our group (there were 3 of us). Unfortunately as young female travellers (aged 18-21) we were not treated with the respect we deserved. It's true what others are saying; staff are indeed rude. We were accosted coming in again (at 10pm mind, hardly the wee hours!) and asked if we were staying in the hotel, when we replied 'yes' I assume the receptionist thought she could outsmart us by asking our room no. Overall I felt I was treated without the respect a paying guest deserved, treated as though we were troublemakers. The beds provided were hard to sleep on (and i'm a heavy sleeper!), the lift from the 3rd floor did not work so we had to carry out suitcases up and down 3 flights of stairs, with no apology! Do NOT stay here, I would recomment the Travel Inn County Hall instead!	
Mar 16 2009 	Clean friendly but noise from traffic	Stayed here with husband and 2 teenage children in one room. Plenty big enough and cheap with breakfast included, the reason we chose an Express. Friendly and helpful staff, very clean, room a bit warm, but our main complaint was the noise. Coming from a village with no night noise, the road 2 floors down kept me and my daughter awake most of the night which was a shame, because no other complaints about hotel. Maybe if we had had a room at the back of hotel wouldn't have been a problem.	
Mar 2 2009 	Friendly staff	I stayed here in February for one night for work. When I checked in the receptionist was very friendly. When I asked about room service she said that they didn't have their own. However she gave me a selection of take away menus with recommendations and told me she would phone up and order for me if I rang down to reception when I had chosen what I wanted. When my order arrived I just had to pop down to reception to pay and collect my food which saved me having to go out in the snow again.The room was quite small but was adequate for just myself staying for the one night. The bed was comfy and there was little noise from outside. However the heating often made clunking noises throughout the night which was slightly annoying. The shower in the morning was hot and powerful. Check out was quick and efficient. The receptionist even offered to go out into the street and hail a taxi for me whilst I stayed inside in the warm. This I thought was a lovely gesture.	
Feb 23 2009 	Could have been worse	The room was ridiculously hot despite the heating being turned off. Did not get a great night's sleep, although the bed was pretty comfortable.Staff didn't seem to be too bothered when I told them about the heating, but were pretty friendly in general.The room was overtly clean but felt a bit grubby and tired.The lift was slow and too small.Location is excellent - yards from Tate modern and we could see St Paul's from the bedroom window, walking distance to Waterloo and similarly to Trafalgar etc.Unlikely to find anywhere cheaper this close to central London.	
Feb 6 2009 	Really nice hotel with very helpful and pleasant staff	I stayed to two nights at this hotel and it was great. I was welcomed by very friendly Reception Staff and my check-in took less than 5 minutes.The room was nice, clean and comfortable, and although it was facing Southwark Street I wasn't inconvenienced by the noise at all.The complimentary Continental breakfast that was included in the rate was really nice and just what I wanted. I am not a great fan of greasy full English breakfasts. The only problem I had was with the coffee that tasted horrible, but it came from a sort vending machine so couldn't really expect anything different. But I am not complaining as it is not very often you get free breakfast in hotels these days.The hotel is situated about 5 minutes from the river Thames and there's a lovely walk along the river right down to Borough Market, Southwark Cathedral etc... and further of course. It is lovely walk in the evening, and if you know where to go you will find the most wonderrful old pubs that have not been &quot;themed&quot; as so many have in London. There's so much history in that area, and the hotel couldn't be in a better place.I will definitely stay there again.	
Jan 2 2009	Loved the Holiday Inn Southwark!	I booked this hotel for the last week in August-- the height of tourist season in Europe-- for I believe six nights for under $500 USD. That's amazing. I did it through Hotwire, booking the nights separately, which worked fine, and they didn't make me change rooms every day. The one snag was-- I wanted two double beds. My first London hotel, the Holiday Inn Express Limehouse, gave me two double beds plus a sofa bed without my even asking, but despite the fact that I had called ahead of time to the Southwark hotel to book two double beds, they said they could only accommodate us for certain nights of the stay. To compensate, for a few nights they gave us another room, until they were booked for the last night or so and we were back to one room with only one double bed.Two of us in our party of four loved the breakfast, two hated it and wouldn't eat it after the first day. It's mostly bread and cereal, nothing gourmet. We also had a bit of a row with one of the travelers in our group, who proceeded to book her own separate room at the rate of 199 pounds a night! It shows how crazy she is, because we got this hotel for the entire rest of the time for a little over that price. In other words, don't just call up and book their rack rate, do it through Hotwire ahead of time.Finally, the location is wonderful. It's a few minutes to the nearest tube station, Southwark, and the Jubilee line is close to everything and not crowded at all. Many times, we were the only people in the Southwark tube station. It's right next to the Tate Modern and the Millennium Bridge, Shakespeare's Globe and all the attractions of the South Bank. It's not the most happening area after 11 or so, but that's true for London in general.Taxis from Buckingham Palace are only about 15 pounds, so it's also good as far as taxi fare if it's too late for the tube.You won't mistake the rooms for the Ritz, but the hotel is wonderful for the price, a real bargain, and perfectly passable. I found the workers to be very amenable and pleasing,with one exception-- we did our best to avoid her. It's a great hotel to stay with friends for a trip in London. It's a bargain considering the location and being minutes away from every attraction. That is rare in London! I highly recommend it.The one drawback is that they charged for the Internet, something like $4 a minute (two pounds). We spent a small fortune on the internet downstairs.	
Dec 22 2008 	Good Hotel with Good Value	Booking this hotel from the net you will get the high quality of hotel in London and also in Stockholm. The staffs are nice although it's not an expensive hotel but it's good to stay there. I can tell that it 's the best hotel in London I have stayed.	
Nov 17 2008 	Stay Somewhere Else	First -- I'm a big fan of Holiday Inn Express. That's why I made the reservation to stay here. The easy part about this stay: the facility. It's fine. It's Holiday Inn Express, meaning the rooms are comfortable, nicely appointed, and clean as a whistle. The breakfast was ample and the staff kept it supplied.The location's appeal depends on your interests in London. Most of my activities are in St. James, Trafalgar and Piccadilly; so I ended up doing a great deal of walking, since there's not a lot going on in Southwark. On the other side of Blackfriars Bridge one can find St. Paul's Cathedral and Tate Modern.The neighborhood is industrial and unattractive; but I felt no personal safety issues.The staff at this hotel are a real problem. I have never seen such an adversarial stance towards hotel guests.I arrived at 11:30 a.m., which didn't seem terribly early. I am a Priority Club Platinum member; but I was not welcomed warmly and no reference was made to my PC status. I asked if I could have an early check-in. The receptionist said, &quot;Check-in time is 2:00.&quot; I said, &quot;Even if a room is available?&quot; He responded, &quot;Check-in time is 2:00.&quot; Hey. Give me a break. He could have said, &quot;I'm sorry. Housekeeping hasn't got your room ready yet.&quot; Or anything other than the response I got.My room was drafty, so on the next day I went to the desk and asked if they had a extra blanket. I got the strangest blank stare I had ever seen. Needless to say, no blanket was forthcoming.I had paid for my room in advance. For some reason, they would not then turn on the telephone in my room. Even though I assured them I would pay for any charges incurred.Please note: I was always friendly when I asked questions, so I have no idea what they have this take-no-prisoners attitude. I simply cannot recommend this hotel to anyone until I know that the staff has stopped treating the guests like persons who can't be trusted -- or worse, as if we're the enemy.	
Oct 9 2008 	Keep looking for a better option.	I am a loyal express customer in the States. I normally stay in Greenwich to be close to Canary Wharf but they were booked. I thought this was going to be a good value option for a business trip, but it didn't work out quite like I wanted.Good: Location was decent for the Jubilee line (Southward station). They had a decent breakfast.Bad: Staff was rude and clueless. They didn't understand how to check someone in or out. Room was tiny even by European standards. The bathroom sink didn't drain and the wouldn't/couldn't fix it. The shower leaked all over the floor so I had to use every towel every day to contain it. There is very little in the way of food close by. In the evenings or on the weekend you have to go somewhere else to eat. If the Southwark station closes for some reason (as it happened with me) you are stuck or hiking it with your bags. To top it off, the elevator broke on Wednesday and wasn't fixed by the time I had to leave on Saturday and I was on the 5th floor. There are plenty of other options in London. Save your body and money and go somewhere else.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great location!	Booked this hotel for a birthday treat for my mum at the end of April. Excellent location, just by the Tate Modern. Opition of two tube stations, both just a short walk. This area was safe to walk around at night. We found the staff extremely helpful and pleasant upon arrival. Standard Holiday Express Room, but its always great to find a high standard of cleanliness! Would highly reccommend, and use again.	
May 2 2008	OK hotel shame about the front desk	A comfortable if somewhat basic experience. However... I booked this via the lastminute website and pre-paid. Yet when I checked out a rather hostile member of staff told me I hadn't paid. I said I had. He said I hadn't. And so it went on. I then produced a copy of my receipt from lastminute.com which confirmed I had paid up front and that the hotel was not to charge me. And I told them my credit card had been debited as well. There was much shuffling of paper and to-ing and fro-ing. Then after 10 minutes a cursory, &quot;That's clear.&quot; I was offered no apology whatsoever, nor an explanation as to why I had been effectively accused of trying to do a runner. Clearly some customer service training is in order!	
Oct 3 2007 	Standard Holiday Inn fare	At least with Holiday Inn, you know what to expect every time and this hotel is no different.The rooms are comfortable, beds are fine and the location is good, perfect for Waterloo station, about 10 minutes walk. However, like all London hotels, it is overpriced, the bar and car park especially so. Breakfast is basic continental, perfectly adequate.Staff are good.	
Sep 24 2007 	Basic but OK	Stayed here after an impromptu night out meant I missed my last train...Room - smallish, basic furnishings, but clean, the air con worked fine, all in all OK considering that this is a very inexpensive hotel.Staff - professional, helpful.Restaurant - breakfast was nothing to write home about, but it was acceptable.All in all it's a perfectly reasonable choice if you need somewhere to lay your head for a night, but I wouldn't recommend it to people visiting london on holiday or for &quot;special occasions&quot;.	
Sep 11 2007	Handy for Waterloo International	It's a typical Express by Holiday Inn, clean and functional. Paid over £100 for the room which is a bit pricey but London isn't a value for money city. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location is fine, there are restaurants and bars nearby in The Cut and Isabella Street. It cost less than £5 for a taxi to Waterloo International (hailed in the street and no traffic en route).From mid-November, the Eurostar trains will run to St Pancras, not Waterloo, so this hotel may not have what is, as far as I can see, its main attraction.	
Aug 15 2007 	Very enjoyable stay	We booked this hotel as it was close to London Bridge station and the river for our boat trip to a concert at the O2. The rooms were very clean and spacious enough and the staff seemed friendly and spoke good English.........always a bonus in London. There was no bath just a shower but that was no problem for a few nights stay. The room had air conditioning a bonus as it was very hot outside. The first night we returned to the hotel at 4am after an aftershow party and felt quite safe walking the streets around the area at that time of night. The next day we definately needed a lie in and were pleasently suprised to be able to be able to sleep the next morning, with an extra slidding window you could hardly hear the noise from the road below, as London goes it appeared a reasonably quiet area anyhow. The cleaners didn't wake us either, in other hotels they've been very noisy outside the room. I would definately recommend this hotel and area. A short walk from many attractions (2 minutes to the Tate, 15 to the London Eye and many more), bars and restaurants. 10 minutes to the nearest tube. We paid 81 pounds per night for a double which I thought was very reasonable for a nice hotel in a great area. The only downside was no full english for breakfast but the continental was nice enough and included in the price. I would definately stay there again, a shame I couldn't get a room for my return trip to London 2 weeks later!	
Jun 19 2007 	Body Fluids ?????	First off, I stay with Holiday Inn over 100 nights a year and can understand an off day. BUT!!!!!!Upon arriving I was greeted by rude, unattentive staff, who were more concerned with organizing papers than dealing with my check in.After my checkin, arrived in room to find, a large white flakey stain on the bed spread, hmmmm imagine what that was???Called the front desk to have them come to have a look.... the response was, &quot; there are only two staff in the entire hotel and we are busy and will come in 15 mins. After 30 mins I called again, 30 mins later I went down to the desk and waited until they came to the room with me.Upon arriving in the room, the attendent show the stain and immediately removed it from the bed, then asked &quot;is there anything else?&quot; At which point I asked what do you mean? are you not going to change the sheets? Change my room? &quot;No sir, the sheets are clean&quot;At this point I asked to speak to the manager and was told there was no one that could speak to me until morning.Also the room was very warm, I was told the A/C was not working and would not be fixed during my stay.At this point I was done with this hotel, and lucky for me I booked my stay with Priority Club.... One call to them and I was on my way out of this dump and off to the 4 star Mayfair Holiday Inn. Priority Club guaranteed the rate from the Southwark and it cost me nothing extra but my time.I recommend that everyone join Priority Club.....NEVER STAY AT SOUTHWARK HOLIDAY INN LONDON	
Jun 19 2007 	OK for an overnight stay	I stayed at the Holiday inn in Southwark as a cheap overnight before catching the Eurostar to Paris.The hotel is OK, a little small but the free breakfast is a nice touch.Its a fair walk from the nearest tube station and there is nothing close by if you are visiting at the weekend everything is closed.Taxi to Waterloo is about £10 and takes only a few minutes.If you are visiting the west end then a hotel closer will be a better option.Phil Cambs.	
Apr 24 2007 	Awful - not recommended	Although this hotel IS in a great location - good for Waterloo, Tate Modern, etc. The service is really not good. The staff were rude, off-hand and very unhelpful. The bed sheets were stained with what looked like blood. The bathroom fittings were bad - hot water coming out of the hot AND cold taps in the sink, broken tiles, shower that kept going icy cold. Un-hoovered floor. Noise (very loud!) from either air conditioning or bathroom ventilation - meaning no sleep. The buffet breakfast was ok but the room was so small, they had to open up a meeting room to accomodate everyone, and then they kept running out of food!! Will not go back to this hotel, ever.	
Apr 22 2007 	Okay	Not sure I can recommend this as a place to stay. I drove there and needed to park for 5 minutes to unload 4 children and 6 bags and front desk clerk was not particularly helpful about where I could park. She wanted to charge me 12 pounds to park in their car park to unload!! Rarely a smile from anyone, it appeared to me that they are just working for the money and not for the love of the hotel business.Having said that the maid was lovely and immediately set our room up as a triple as soon as we arrived. However, the beds are awful and the noise from the front of the hotel kept us awake. My friend stayed at the back of the hotel and she was kept awake with chatting outside the hotel.Bathrooms were okay not sparkling clean and only with a shower.Breakfast was great, especially for the kids.Location okay and an easy walk from public transport.Not sure I would go there again.	
Mar 21 2007 	Not fancy but it works	We stayed here to save a bit of money while in London. The bus and tube lines are close by. The reception area/breakfast area was a bit frumpy but the breakfast service was good. There is a bar here at night for guests so you don't have to leave again after a long day sightseeing. We were able to stash our luggage for the day until check in which left us time to sight see. The room is small with not many frills but adequate. Tea and supplies in the room was nice. Internet on their computer in the business center can get pricey.	
Mar 9 2007 	Excellent hotel great location highly recommended	Booked a triple room for one Saturday night in February for £109. Staff were very friendly. Bedroom and shower room were very clean. Room was basic and reasonable size for London. Did not have breakfast but continental breakfast was served until 11.00. Hotel is situated a short walk from the Tate Modern and restuarants on the South Bank. Tube station is not far away but we either used the buses or walked. Great value for money.	
Mar 3 2007	Enjoyed my stay at the Holiday Inn Southwark	Just returned from London. We stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Southwark. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel. It was clean, affortable, comfortable, and quite. Perfect place to stay while visiting London. Close to Waterloo station and Southwark underground. Nothing but Perfect. We also enjoyed the continental breakfast. They had fresh fruits, yogurts, cereal, various breads, coffee. From the hotel we walked to the London Eye and then continue walking all the way to Downing street and even further. It was a beautiful walk. I can't wait to return to London. I will make sure to stay there again.	
Feb 27 2007 	Great little hotel within walking distance of Waterloo Station	We stayed in this great little hotel before catching an early Eurostar train to Paris. The hotel is a ten minute walk to Waterloo Station. Booked our room via the Holiday Inn efficient website and experienced a quick and hassle-free check-in. Although this hotel only offers basic accomodation, our room was spotless and had all the necessary facilities. TV, phone, hair dryer, internet access, clean en-suite facilities with powerful shower with plenty of piping-hot water. Self-service continental breakfast is taken in the area adjacent to the hotel lobby. Cooked breakfast not available. This hotel provides excellent value for money	
Jan 22 2007 	Good Value for Monday	I have stayed at this hotel numerous times for work. If you're looking for something reasonably priced within walking distance from the City, this hotel is a safe bet. The rooms are small but clean, the breakfast is basic but fine, the staff are friendly but not extremely helpful, etc. All in all a good hotel &quot;in its class&quot; but nothing more.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great location clean comfortable	I like this place. The location is excellent, right behind the Tate Modern so walking distance to most of central London. In fact I think they should change the name to make it sound more central; &quot;Southwark&quot; is easy to overlook if you don't know London well.The room was faultlessly clean and as usual with Intercontinental hotels the bed was pretty fantastic. I got one of the rooms at the front which wasn't huge, but to be fair if I'd wanted more space I'd have booked a double+sofa bed room, available at the same price. Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful and public areas of the hotel were smart (new carpets etc).There are a few minor bad points... the lift is small, some of the fittings in the room were starting to show their age a little (not badly though), and the breakfast buffet could have done with more attention from the staff.The directions provided by the hotel seem to be a bit lacking so I'll add this: from Blackfriars Station, head south over the bridge and take the first major left turn. The hotel is just under the railway bridge.Overall this is a good budget hotel in a great location and I'll definitely considering staying again.	
Nov 7 2006	Great budget hotel	Booked on Holiday Inn website -3 nights for 2 less than £180.Booked quiet room, possible traffic noise if room at front of the hotel, very busy road.Minutes from tube and easy 10 minute walk to Eurostar terminal.Room was basic but comfortable with great shower.Included breakfast was cereal,toast, pastries,juice, tea and coffee enough to keep you going till lunchtime.Very near Blackfriars Bridge and the embankment restaurants, Tate Modern, nice stroll into Central London.Stayed here as handy for visiting family in South London, but would book this hotel next time I visit.	
Sep 4 2006	Great location	My daughter and I stayed at the Express in Southwark in June 2006. It was a 3 day transit stop, but we found it a great base to explore London from. It was an easy walk to all the Southbank attractions e.g. The GlobeTheatre, Tate Modern, and we also walked to The Tower of London and Houses of Parliament.The hotel room was simple and compact, but comfortable and clean. Surprisingly it was also quiet. Our tariff included a substantial continental breakfast. We were very impressed with the price of this hotel which compared favourably to hostels and B &amp; B's.The only downside was that it was quite a walk to the nearest underground station (bus stop quite close though).	
Aug 23 2006	Great experience	My family and I stayed here for 10 days in August and for being a Holiday Inn Express, we had a great experience! It is on the south side of the Thames River, but it is a great location. It is close to the Southwark underground station and is only a 5 minute walk to the Thames River which then gives you access to all 7 bridges across to the other side. The rooms weren't big but the beds were comfortable. We pretty much only used them to sleep and shower. The continental breakfast was good, cereal, fruit, croissants, juice, coffee, hot chocolate; it filled me up every morning. The hotel even allowed my mom to store her insulin in the fridge and got it for her every time she needed it without complaint. Also instead of using the black cabs from the airport to the hotel we used this wonderful chauffeur service &quot;The Personal Chauffeur Company&quot; www.notjustacar.com. They accommodated 6 adults and all of our luggage comfortably in a Mercedes V Class van. As opposed to taking 2 cabs for 60 pounds each, it only cost us 85 pounds. What a great deal! And we flew in on the day the airports were shut down due to terrorists and our driver waited for 3 hours for us. Now that's service. Another suggestion is to get travelcards if you plan on using the underground or bus. It is about 5 pounds for unlimited rides for one day. All in all we had a great trip! Hope all this information helps!	
Aug 9 2006 	Good Hotel for one Night	We stayed at the hotel for one night and selected it as it was close to Waterloo station, where we would catch the 7.45 am Eurostar to Brussels .And is convenient to the nearby Southwark tube station. The staff were very friendly and helpful, we asked for a room away from the lifts and that is what they gave us .The room was small but clean ,the bed was comfortable there was a nice bathroom with a good shower .If we go on the Eurostar again I would have no hesitation about staying here again.	
Jul 4 2006	Not up to US standards	Stayed there with my family after returning on EuroStar from Paris. Just needed something quick before return trip to Heathrow. Found it quite inferior to Holiday Inn Express standards. Mattress on the double bed wasn't a real mattress but a sofa bed-type about an inch thick with springs poking out in all the wrong places, if you get my meaning. Polite complaints to the front desk were met with a &quot;we'll note your problems,&quot; but no attempt was made to recitify. The room was made up for four, as we requested, but we had to chase down two more bath towels and pillows because no extras were left in the room.Also, charges to use wireless internet are exorbitant! About $10 US dollars for 15 minutes! Yikes. You can get that free at most Super 8 motels in the US. Intercontinental/Holiday Inn should do a better job of standardizing the inns in the UK with those in the US. Considering the night cost us nearly $200 there as opposed to about $89 in the US, it would be nice if the same standards could be counted on.	
May 3 2006	great for family's	The staff were wonderfull the room was clean and very comfortable a little small for 4 people unless you had one of the corner rooms but for sixty seven pounds per night including breakfast for four people excellent value. very central walk to the London Eye and houses of parliament, even covent garden but Oh my poor feet. We were a party of 11 and even had a carry our meal in the Hotel lounge one night with which the staff were very helful. Staff also told us about a mini cab that was only 30 pounds to heathrow instead of 65 pounds via black cab. We had a london Pass which was excellent value and allowed us to do so much more than we would have without Travel by Metro and even by the 10 ticket pass as this was cheaper than travel for 6 of us individually one pound for children and 3.50 for adults lasts 24 hours. We went to see Stomp and had dinner at Maxwells both of which I enjoyed but not all in the company did excellent value for money dinner and the theatre for less than 26 pounds would have loved to see the lion king but this was 60 pounds, during the week there was standing for 12.50 but standing for 2 hours might be hard. Buying theatre tickets for midweek at the theatre seems to be the answer.	
Mar 5 2006	BASIC HIexpress	The HI Express Southwark, it typical stereotype large group hotel chain.You could be in any room in any HIExpress anywhere in the country.All very basic but all very clean and well laid out. Breakfast is very limited but again all OKIf you are a light sleeper take ear plugs, there is road noise (all night) at the front and train noise at the rear.The windows are a poor fit and the heating takes a bit of mastering, rooms are usually too hot.Overall a good business hotel(albeit a bit pricey on the flexi rate £114 - £120) .	
Mar 2 2006	COnvenient and friendly	We selected this hotel as an economic hotel close to Waterloo station where we would catch the 5:30 am Eurostar to Paris. It is convenient to the nearby Southwark tube station, and is only a few blocks walk (but print a map beforehand so that you make the turn under the bridge: the hotel is just on the other side). The lobby is clean and friendly, the rooms are small but surprisingly modern. The decor is very stylish-contemporary, and the double bed is genuinely 'double', not two singles pushed together. Internet access, while available, is extra cost. The bathroom is clean and bright, and there was plenty of hot water. Be sure to get enough towels for two: we came up a bit short. The only issue was that we were close to the elevator, and there were unbelievable noises all night: it sounded like work was going on beneath the room. The folks at the desk assured us that it was particular to that room, but don't take a room anywhere near the elevator. On the positive side, we had to be out at 5 am, ahead of the (included) breakfast at 7. The desk staff put together a small kit with fruit, yogurt, bread for us to take with us. Really appreciated! The taxi to Waterloo costs 5 GBP, but we decided to walk: it's only ten minutes, and along broad, well-lit streets: we felt safe even at 5 am.	
Jan 29 2006	Our Third Stay!	This is the third time we've stayed at this hotel and I have written reviews on previous occasions on this site.I feel honour-bound to write again to reiterate the fantastic value for money that this hotel gives! The reason for our visit this time was to see a show (a must when you visit our capital!) and to see the Rolf Harris portrait of the Queen on display in the Gallery at Buckingham Palace. The location of this hotel is so convenient for everything we wanted to do. You have the open walk along the Thames path and with the Globe Theatre and Tate Modern a few minutes walk from the hotel, it doesn't feel as if you're in the city at all! Like a previous reviewer, we ate both nights in the Globe Restaurant with spectacular views across the Thames to St. Paul's. We couldn't fault the whole experience!Due to it being January and not exactly bustling with visitors, we had an excellent rate at the hotel (and theatre!) and would thoroughly recommend this great place to any would-be visitors! You won't be sorry!!	
Oct 29 2005 	Handy for Eurostar room a bit small for a long stay	We had an overnight stay at the Express By Holiday Inn, Southwark while on our way home from a trip to France via Eurostar. As promised, the staff were friendly and welcoming late on a very wet and windy October evening. We were checked in efficiently and were soon in our compact room. The room was very functional in its design with a small space used extremely well. There was a settee as well as a double bed. The double bed was on the small side and an additional person, even a child, would have made the room quite crowded. Storage space was limited. Fotunately we did not have to worry too much about this as we did not unpack. It would have been more problematic if we had been staying there for any length of time. One or two things in the room would have benefitted from a quick repair, such as the clips on the window and the TV handset but nothing that caused us any inconvenience.The small bathroom had a powerful shower, which suited us, but no bath tub for those who like to soak at the end of the day. Breakfast was the usual Express by Holiday Inn cold buffet which is perfectly adequate and is included in the price.We managed to book this room at very reasonable price for London so it was great for our stop over. For our next Eurostar trip we would consider staying there again. It is ideal for single travellers who need to be in the area south of the Thames. If we had to pay the full price and both of us were staying for any length of time then we would probably go elsewhere.	
Sep 20 2005	Good budget hotel in great location	I booked this hotel just for somewhere to sleep after a Saturday night out in London. There were three of us sharing the room (all adults) but on arrival there was no linen for the sofa bed. It took several attempts to get this sorted. Apparently, because I'd booked on the net, the room is only reserved for one person even though I'd paid a third person supplement(?) The room was small as expected (especially for three adults!) but it was fine for somewhere to crash out. The location is brilliant - right by the Tate modern. We were able to walk from the hotel along the river and over to Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly and Oxford Street. Having said that, I'm quite a keen walker!All in all, a good budget hotel (paid £78 for one night) in a good location. Everything was very clean and tidy as you'd expect with Holiday Inn Express. Definitely a case of 'you get what you pay for'!	
Aug 22 2005 	Have Stayed Many Times At This Hotel On Business	Have stayed many times on business. As with most Holiday Inn Express hotels it is basic but clean. Rooms are on small side so if you are a family staying for a while this may be a problem but a large room elswhere would cost an awful lot more.Breakfast is continental buffet style it is adequate but for any Americans expecting a traditional full english then would suggest popping across road to Franks. I have not eaten there but colleagues seem to recommend it (Also the place to buy sandwiches at lunchtime). 10 minute walk from Southwark tube station on Jubilee line. If your carrying cases and not too fit would suggest a taxi.Hotel does not have a restaurant but if you order takeaway then do not eat in your room (although you are welcome to), you are welcome to use tables and chairs where you normally have your breakfast.There is a small bar open on evening.Variety of restaurants near by. Have probably tried most of them! None I would really advise not to go to. I appreciate it is a matter of personal choice. My favourite tip is to go to the restaurant (not the cafe) at the Globe Theatre. Find out what time a performance is due to start and go just after then. It should not be busy. Not a huge selection but a set menu with a few choices all at a set price. Quality of food was excellent, service good and you have a fantastic view overlooking the Thames.Overall, a basic hotel but for a reasonable rate. Alot more central hotels may be more luxurious but likely to cost alot more. You dont come to London to sit in a hotel room all day.	
Aug 2 2005	Well it's a Holiday Inn!	We stayed here for 3 nights while visiting London. Our room was TINY ... with the sofabed open for our daughter, there was no place at all to walk around the furniture. But it was all kept VERY clean. Being on a lower floor and with the windows open, the garbage trucks woke us up at 7 am every day! Convenient location ... near the Southwark tube station and near the Queen's Walk along the river ... several pubs and restaurants within walking distance. The Tate Modern Gallery is close. St. Paul's is directly across the river (pedestrian bridge). In fact, we walked to the London Eye, Parliament, Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square and the Tower of London ... but I admit - that's a lot of walking! Breakfast is the Holiday Inn-style continental breakfast ... croissants, cereals, juice, etc. ... instead of the traditional English bacon and eggs, so that's a drawback. If you don't like their coffee, there's a Starbuck's a couple blocks away.	
Jul 27 2005	a perfect afternoon on Bankside	I chose the Holiday Inn in Southwark for its location, so we could just walk for the matinee performance of The Winter's Tale at the Globe, a superb moment since the weather was glorious and the acting and staging brilliant. Then we walked to the Hayward Gallery, along the Thames, and while walking back to Southwark street stopped at the newly-located Bramah tea museum on that street, a small and quaint museum where you can have a creamy tea. If you add a visit to the exhibition and collections at the Tate before having an aperitif on the 7th floor, you've made your day !You could do without crossing the river !&lt;	
Nov 20 2004	Great for the price and convenient for Eurostar!!	My wife and I stayed on Saturday 13 November en route to France. 5 minutes walk from Southwark Tube Station. Receptionists harassed but friendly. Found everything clean and acceptable. We had a double room at the back and found it very quiet – at £75 including continental breakfast for a London hotel great value! I have to say we've never been disappointed with Holiday Inns in the UK, they provide a decent basic service for a reasonable cost. Although worried this hotel might be a bit out of the way it's only 10-15 minutes walk from Waterloo Station and handy for lots of good restaurants round about the Cut and side streets, as well as the tourist sites on the South Bank. If you're travelling by Eurostar it makes a nice stopover. Recommended.	
Nov 15 2004	Handy for XXL nightclub	Have stayed here lots of times as it's convenient for XXL night club we go to semi regularly.The rooms are a good size and sound proofed by double glazing.Had the problem with dodgy room keys reported elsewhere on many occasions which is always annoying at 4.30 am when you've had a few and are dying to use the loo!A good base for a London minbreak although parking is hard to come by. The hotel only has around 14 parking spaces available.An easy walk to the South Bank of the River Thames and an excellent river front view of St Pauls, the City of London is only 15 mins walk from the hotel.Southwark &amp; Borough tube are useful to get into Central London quickly.Love the hotel - I guess others do too as the rates have gone up steeply on the website from £69 to £114 a night at weekends. It was good whilst it lasted though!	
Apr 1 2004	Holiday Express Southwark Nightmare	We do not recommend this hotel. We were a family of 4, 2 adults, 2 kids, traveling to London for vacation. When we arrived, after traveling over 4,000 miles, booking months in advance, having the room guarenteed and with confirmation number, the Holiday Express Southwark claimed they had no record of our reservation. We even called direct and talked to reservations twice before we left on our trip to make sure everything was in order. We have proof of the phone calls and our credit card statement had a temp room charge pending. We were forced to stay in another Express much farther away from where we needed to be and it cost us so much more in transportation and headaches that it virtually ruined our trip. The lesson here is that a credit card number and confirmation number mean nothing, as well as the assurances of people who man the reservations. Get something from the hotel in writing and never trust an Holiday Inn Express. We should never have been charged for the inferior service and room. They accepted no responsibility what so ever.	
Sep 13 2003	Clean and comfortable	Stayed overnight after enjoying a matinee theatre performance. Lovely big room and bathroom and we especially liked the wall-mouted soap dispensers and disposable wash-cloths! In the morning I particularly appreciated being able to stay in bed whilst husband collected lovely fresh croissant and coffee from breakfast buffet. Chris	
Aug 1 2003	Standard Chain Hotel Rooms but good value	OK so it's not exactly the Ritz but the rooms are quite large for London, you're only a few minutes from the nearest tube station (Southwark) from where it's a quick trip to anywhere in central London (5-15 mins depending on where you want to go), it's cheap (around £70 per night at weekends in the middle of Summer including a free breakfast) and brekkie is included in the price.Good value for money I say!	
Oct 8 2009 	ottima posizione		
Aug 18 2009 	une bonne affaire.........pour Londres		
Aug 17 2009 	magnifico hotel		
Jul 27 2009 	Günstig und sauber aber Zimmer zu eng für 4		
Mar 19 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità - prezzo		
Mar 21 2007	Bonne adresse		
May 24 2006	Perfecto en fin de semana		
