Nov 5 2009 	Chic Luxury	This hotel provides a standard of service second to none. The rooms are tastefully furnished and meticulously arranged. Breakfast was more than one could expect, with every taste catered for. Located close to Little Venice, this is an ideal position - close to the city centre though there are many fine restaurants, bars, and pubs with character close by. We look forward to our next visit soon.	
Oct 30 2009 	charming	this was my first trip to london &amp; i was scared of what the hotel would be like, i also didnt want to spend $600 a night so Colonnade seemed like a good deal &amp; wow it was, the hotel is so charming &amp; elegant, from the lobby to the antique elevator...the staff was couldn't have been more friendly or helpful...we only had breakfast once which might have been a little expensive but it seems eating out in london is typically expensive, but the food was good &amp; the service also..the room was very spacious &amp; the bed so comfortable, there was a coffee/tea maker, iron, hairdryer, just about everything you would need...it is in a quiet residential neighborhood, we took the underground to get around so in just a few train stops you can be downtown...	
Oct 28 2009 	A Warmth Not Matched By Many Hotels	This was my second stay at the Colonnade. As others have remarked, its in the peaceful, residential neighborhood of Little Venice with the convenience of a 2 minute walk to the tube to quickly get you anywhere in the city. On some sunny days I even walked back from Knightsbridge and Notting Hill. My bed was comfy-cozy and room had all the amenities I required. Loved how classical music would always be playing upon my return. And this coming from a rock guy.I had requested a specific room for my stay but it was occupied upon my arrival. I asked the staff if I could move once it became available and they were more than happy to accomodate my request. During my stay I found the staff to be friendly and professional - and of course Minnie was great.Little Venice area is great - from the shops and restaurants of Formosa Street and Clifton Gardens, to the Prince Alfred and Warrington Hotel pubs.I truly enjoyed coming back to my room after a busy day of exploring. It seemed so tranquil. I've been able to stay in many hotels around the world but very few have matched the overall level of comfort and serentity that I experienced at the Colonnade.	
Oct 26 2009 	A real boutique hotel - full of character where one is treated as an individual	I recently took my girlfriend for a surprise night away in London, and I was delighted with our stay at The Colonnade. It is in a lovely residential part of the city, away from the hectic-ness of the centre, but very accessible to get anywhere. Not knowing the city very well, the staff were extremely helpful both with guidance for transport links and with recommendations of places to go on the local area. My girlfriend fell in love with Minnie the hotel cat, and after a walk along the canal it was great to relax in the lobby (drawing room!) with the papers and a glass of (complimentary) port!The room had plenty of character, not to mention a four poster bed, and compared with the many impersonal corporate-type hotels I often have to stay in this was a lovely change. I would definitely recommend it, and we intend to return next time we are in London.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cozy and steps away from the heart of the city	This hotel is close enough to the heart of London to enjoy all the sights, but tucked away in a cozy neighborhood where you don't have to hear all the sights round the clock! It always feels like a home away from home. Have stayed there several times, and hope to do so again.	
Aug 29 2009 	A little bit of heaven in Little Venice	I have stayed at The Colonnade quite a few times and each time I have not been disappointed. The hotel is very close to Warwick Avenue tube station and the nearest bus stop is literally just around the corner! The number 6 will take you to Edgware Road, Marble Arch, Oxford Circus and on to the Aldwych so you can go to Covent Garden.The Colonnade is truly a lovely hotel and I always feel spoilt when I go there. Our room had a wonderful four poster bed which was comfortable and the duvet/pillows were super soft! The room was also tastefully decorated and the bathroom had everything that you needed (the shower head was adjustable so it didn't matter what height you were!). Water and chocolates were delivered at &quot;turn down&quot; which was a nice touch.The hotel car park is situated at the back of the hotel and has to be pre-booked as only 2/3 cars can fit in it. Yes, it's small and you have to be careful driving in, but you can get big cars in (we managed to get a BMW 5 series in without a problem). Parking may cost £20 a day but is favourable with locals NCPs and it is far more convenient being able to park at the hotel.At your stay you may see Minnie the cat; she's the hotel's &quot;Guest Relations Manager&quot; and is always happy to say hello to you! Likewise, the staff are always very friendly and nothing is too much trouble for them; we have never experienced a rude member of staff.Breakfast is served in the Ebar and the continental breakfast that we had was excellent; the quality of the food was superb! If the weather is nice, it is also lovely to sit outside during the evening and have a cocktail, or two!Talking of food, if you are looking for somewhere to go locally, then Akash, an Indian restaurant, found at 500A Edgware Road is well worth a visit. The food is excellent and it is also very reasonably priced. I hope you find this review useful; but to sum up The Colonnade is well worth a visit and I have also enjoyed staying there, I hope you do too!	
Jul 22 2009 	Nicely Appointed Clean Hotel but somewhat disappointed with our stay.	The hotel is nicely decorated and clean but we were somewhat disapointed with our stay. On the plus side, the hotel is located in a more quiet, residential part of town which was nice to come back to after walking the bustling streets all day. The hotel is pretty, clean and has some interesting history. The bed and bedding were VERY comfortable. The pillows and comforter were fluffy, soft and welcoming. I enjoyed hanging out with &quot;Minnie&quot; the Colonnade cat.  On the negative side, we were on the 5th floor. We took the small elevater to the 4th floor then had to manuever up tight, winding, low staircases. Not a good thing if you have luggage or are a tall/large person (neither of us are but still found it annoying). The shower head in the bath was very low. Not a problem for me as I'm 5'2&quot; but a little challenge for my 5'11&quot; husband. During our stay their WiFi was down but they did let us use their computer downstairs for a short time. The staff seemed friendly and eager to help (with the exception of one staff member). They did however seem to lack knowlegde that would be expected for a hotel. The hotel has a very small car park space which we could barely, I mean &quot;barely&quot;, fit our mid size rental car through. The most disappointing issue was that we were told a cost of 20# to park the car for 24 hrs. We had parked the car for 2 days and on our departure, the hotel wanted to charge us for a 3rd day. We intially checked in at 5 pm and took our car just before that time 48 hours later. The front desk staff told us that we would have to pay an extra day because the 24 hr time period goes from &quot;their&quot; time period of 11 am to 11am. The staff member that checked us in said nothing about this to us. We explained this to the staff member checking us out and she just kept saying to us well &quot;that's how is is...that's the policy here&quot; Finally after speaking with the hotel manager, she came back and said that they would not charge us for a 3rd day but was very rude to us and acted like she was doing us a big favor. If you plan to park a car here, make sure you understand what they mean by &quot;24 hr&quot; parking. Would I stay here again? Probably not. Though it is a nice hotel, overall I don't feel it was worth the money and unfortunately my check out experience really turned me off.	
Jul 22 2009 	Lovely hotel in a perfect location	This hotel was booked for me as part of a romantic getaway by my partner. I have stayed in a number of hotels over the years and I have to say that this definitely ranks as one of the nicest! The room was spacious, immaculately clean, and filled with little touches such as a fresh cold bottle of water every day, a paper in the morning and chocolates on the pillow every afternoon. You couldn't ask for more helpful or friendlier staff, and I am pretty difficult to please on this front. The resident cat is gorgeous!The only thing that let this lovely hotel room down was, being on the ground floor, there was a little road noise. However, the hotel is on a quiet street so it wasn't bad at all. Parking is always a nightmare in London but we were very lucky and managed to find a free spot for the weekend and only paid for Monday.In terms of cost of the hotel, I don't agree with some other reviewers that it was over-priced; I believe that you get what you pay for and this is a good hotel for about £150 per night on the weekend in high season.  We didn't eat at the hotel, though, as this was very expensive. £16 for a breakfast is a bit much even for London! The hotel is located very close to Warwick Avenue tube, so it's handy for town, and the surrounding area of Little Venice is very pretty. There's a good pub nearby and a couple of nice cafes - we ate at Raoul's and had an excellent lunch there.All in all, a lovely treat!	
Jun 22 2009 	Great little hotel with obliging staff great position	We drove down to Maida Vale from Peterborough, 2hours door to door. I used the car parking at the hotel which was not cheap at £20 per day but peace of mind was required! We had room 26 which has a 4 poster bed.... very comfortable and we both slept well from day 1, (which can be difficult in a strange bed) .The bed was turned up each evening and the chocolate fairy left a nice mint on the pillow.......all in all a lovely room.. she who must be obeyed loved it. The lift, which is the oldest one in London, was a bit temperamental while we were there, but the management soon sorted it out.The local area is clean, we had breakfast round the corner in Formosa street at a great cafe...(much cheaper and better than the hotel) I also recommend The Waterway pub on the canal, and The Warrington for one of Gordon Ramsays pies! The canal trip to Camden lock is worthwhile ... the area has really come on and money is being spent on doing it up.Being close to Warwick Avenue underground station is another plus.... good connections to the city. I would come back to this hotel.	
Jun 2 2009 	Lovely location but hotel was a little disappointing	I treated my boyfriend to a night here as we were seeing a show close by and I really wanted to explore the delights of Little Venice. The website looked lovely and I liked the idea of staying in a bijoux boutique hotel rather than an anonymous chain, - however I would have expected more considering it's expensive. We were shown to our room quite late as we arrived after the show and found we were down in the basement. Another reviewer commented on the musty smell here and I have to say I found the same thing. Our room was spacious and clean, but when we lay on the bed we found that rather than the double promised to us on the website for a club room, it was actually 2 singles pushed together. This wasn't very comfortable as during the night one of us would fall in the gap! (Tube noise also v. loud where we were.)During check-out I mentioned the bed and while the general manager didn't apologise, she did agree to take 10% off the bill and a free upgrade on our next visit. I'm not sure I would come back, but would maybe consider it if I was in the area. The receptionist was lovely though, apologising profusely, and seemed genuinely concerned that we didn't have a good night's sleep.Little Venice is a gorgeous little oasis though, with a plethora of great restaurants in the surrounding streets. It was very tranquil and relaxing, so much so that it was a bit of a shock when we went back into central London to get home!	
May 1 2009 	A little gem in the heart of London	This hotel was a pleasant little suprise.After reading reviews of other hotels in the area, I decided to spend a little more than usual for my first night in London and was very glad I did.The rooms were very plush, and of a very generous size, the bed was comfy and nice and clean. The service was very good, and nice and friendly too.The hotel is in a great area. Lots of nice restaurants, just a short walk from the canals at Little Venice, a short cab ride from Paddington (only a 10 minute walk without luggage), and just 2 minutes from Warwick Ave tube - so nice and handy to everything.I only have one small complaint. If you are in any of the lower rooms, you will hear the tube rumbling underneath you (comes with the area I suppose). It wasn't too bad as I didn't hear them overnight - either I was too tired, or they must have stopped.I just wish I could have spent longer.	
Apr 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel with bags of character!!!!	Just spent Easter here and loved it! The hotel’s location is perfect! It’s set in Little Venice, which is away from the hustle and bustle of central London yet Oxford Circus is only 10 minutes on the tube. The local station is Warwick Avenue and yes it's the one in Duff’s song. I loved the house cat, Minnie, which according to the hotel directory is the Guest Relations Manager LOL! The hotel is very clean and the staff are very friendly. They could not have done any more to make our stay more enjoyable. Will be staying here again and again...	
Apr 12 2009 	As pretty as its pictures	My reason for choosing the Colonnade was to fulfill the teen daughter's dream that England is full of four poster beds and old time elegance. After exhaustive searches, it appeaed that The Colonnade was one of the few places that could fufill the dream without us resorting to theft of the crown jewels.In fact, it was incredibly reasonable - I booked online through the hotel's website around 2 months in advance and followed this up with emails to the hotel re the room itself.We booked the JFK Suite and were told that the bed was constrcuted for a visit by the man humself. The room was massive and heavily laden with velvet drapes - a style that could have slipped into bordello chic if not reigned in.There is a small upstairs room with a fold out sofa bed and tv - we kept our massive touristy suitcases up there. The ceiling is low up there so it would not be very comfortable to spend a lot of time in, but could be useful for a larger family travelling together.The hotel itself is a bit of a maze - I found myself lost every single time I walked downstairs, but maybe that's just me. Breakfast is included in the price and is served in a bright open room which becomes a bar in the evening. I think this caused my confusion, as by night you cannot enter the bar from within the hotel, only from the street.Despite concerns in previous reviews, we had no issue whatsoever with the service and staff attitudes. Everybody was helpful and friendly and looked after everything that we needed. The room was cleaned well daily and it was pleasant to return each day to gentle music playing in the room.There is a small pub with a wonderful cheap restaurant right behind the hotel and The Warrington which is actually a Gordon Ramsay restaurant is just down the street. My worries about being too far from the city centre were unwarranted - the tube makes all travel easy and it is a lovely suburb to wander around, especially around the canal.	
Mar 1 2009 	Mix bag of experience/Beautiful decor and tranquil location	There were no Bell person standing by but the check in was rather efficient and speedy. Since it is a very small place, it is difficult to keep a good bell staff around if you have bags. Breakfast was included but the Turkey was rotten. The room was nicely decorated in traditional luxuary European decors and it is located in one of the best neighbourhood in London. The water was cold once in a while since the broiler can only accommendate certain amount of guests at one time. Charging 15GBP/Day on Wi-Fi was excessive since it is norm in the industry to get it for free. Nevertheless, if they work out the kinks, this would be one of my favourite place to stay in London	
Jan 30 2009 	An Old Friend Disappoints	We have stayed at The Colonnade many times but on this occasion we were very disappointed in the decline, both of the hotel and the service.It is housed in a beautiful stuccoed building in Maida Vale. It is just opposite Warwick Avenue tude station and close enough to the centre of London to be convenient whilst quiet enough to get a good night's sleep.The internal decor is quite plush but now beginning to show definte signs of wear. We were placed in the same room on the top floor as at our last stay in the summer,and were concerned to note that the gaps around the air conditioning unit through which daylight could easily be seen, had not been filled. OK in the summer, not so OK in the winter. We tried to compensate for this with the electric heater in the room but it was so complicated that we could figure out how it worked. The whole hotel was non-smoking but it was immediately obvious that our room smelled of cigarette smoke, as did the bathroom, yet the porter clearly did not notice this. Although there was a kettle and cups we had to ask for tea and coffee and most annoyingly, although clearly a double room, we only ever got one night time chocolate !!Breeakfast, previousl tasty and efficient, was now lack lustre and rather choatically delivered, at one point there was not toast as the toaster had broken down.The hotel is clearly cutting corners and it is beginning to show. No more Colonnade for us.	
Jan 25 2009 	Very good value for money	I have stayed at the hotel four times. The property is an old town house converted to a hotel. The interiors are very English indeed, so if you like cool, plain and simple Scandinavian style, stay away - here you have all the cushions, carpets and curtains you can imagine.All the stays have been very nice, with exception of the second when I got a room in the lower ground floor. If the smell of mold does not appeal to you, ask for a room in the upper floors, which are very nice. The top floor is my favourite, even though you can take the lift only to the floor below.As usual in London, the rooms are small, but quite cosy. The beds I have tried are very comfortable and there are enough duvets to keep you warm also during winter nights.Bathrooms are also small, but have bathtubs. They also have very nice complimentary hair and skin products, which I think can't be named here.The staff is kind and is able to address any special requests effectively.The hotel is located in Maida Vale, very close to Warwick Avenue tube station on Bakerloo line. It also is a walking distance from Paddington station, especially if you leave the platform at the back, i.e. follow the signs for Hammersmith and City line tube. If you have a lot of luggage or don't feel like walking, a taxi drive should not take more than five minutes.The hotel is located in Maida Vale, which is a very nice, quiet and peaceful part of the city. There are many nice pubs and restaurants in the area, and it is very easy to take the tube to the centre. Little Venice is also located close to the hotel, and you can walk along the Grand Union Canal and think whether it is more of Venice than Amsterdam...	
Aug 18 2008 	Lovely!	Stayed here for one night (a Saturday). I was a bit concerned that the hotel seemed a bit further out than I wanted - but it was just one tube stop from Paddington in a very nice area.My first impression wasn't too good. I had to wait around to check-in whilst the man on reception was dealing with a guest who was making a complaint. This seemed to go on for some time - not the best first impression! I also wondered why they didn't have more than one person on the front desk which would have speeded things up. However, when I saw my room my attitude changed. It was full of character although compact. The room was done out as if it was a country house and the bed was very comfortable. I think my room was one of the cheapest ones they have so others are probably even better. The floorboards are a bit creaky though...I'd definitely stay here again - and am already trying to think up an excuse to go back!	
Jul 31 2008 	Very small room - fine for 1 nights stay	Stayed here for 1 night, hotel looks lovely and is in a great peaceful location, out of the hustle and bustle of London, but only 1 tube stop away from Paddington - so easy to get around. I found the staff friendly, the room although well presented and clean - was tiny! - me and my partner managed for 1 night but think we would of ended up killing each other any longer!, booked a room only rate, breakfast was £16.00 with £5.00 surcharge to have it in the room, we gave it a miss and went to a boat cafe situated on the canal a few minutes walk from the hotel for a tasty good value breakfast. We stayed on a monday night and the cocktail/tapas bar downstairs was shut which was disappointing. All in all i would stay at this hotel again as loved the quiet area and convenient location but would ask for a larger room, we stayed in room #18 which is far to small for 2 people.	
May 24 2008 	Great value	We visited London for a week and wanted to stay somewhere a step up from an entry-level budget hotel, and this place worked great. Little Venice (the surrounding community) is charming and safe, with winding canals; a lovely park with a canal-boat restaurant is only a couple of minutes walk away; likewise a tube station is very close, making downtown about 20 minutes away. We stayed in one of the cheapest rooms and were completely satisfied: the hotel was clean and pleasant, the staff friendly, the beds comfortable. Highly recommended.	
Apr 4 2008 	Cute Hotel Near Tube Stop	We stayed at this hotel for five nights in November 2007. The hotel is very charming. We booked a &quot;double&quot; room, which turned out to be quite small. We managed, but would recommend that you pay extra for one of their larger rooms -- they are twice as large and it will make your stay much more enjoyable. Desipte our small room, we found the bed quite comfortable and the linens immaculate. The quality of the bedding was top notch, as were the toiletries. The hotel brings a bottle of still or sparkling water, free of charge, to your room every night, which is a nice touch. Overall, we were quite pleased with our stay and eventually got used to the extremely small room, even though the room size was a significant shock at first.Although the hotel is far from the main attactions in London, we had no trouble getting around. There is a tube station half a block away. The station is only one stop after Paddington -- a major hub for anywhere you want to go in London. Buy a week's pass if you plan to stay more than 4 days and you won't have any trouble getting around.	
Mar 20 2008 	Mixed Feelings	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights over a weekend and we both have very mixed feelings. The building was beautiful and the decor was tasteful and inkeeping with the style of the property. Our first impressions were pretty good. We were welcomed and helped to our room immediately. Unfortunately, we were allocated one of the attic rooms. This would have been ideal for just one person or just one night but for two of us for 2 nights we just didn't have room to move. There was a shortage of space to put our bags and when we unpacked there weren't enough hangers. The beds, 2 singles locked together to make a very big double was very comfortable but there was only room for one bedside cabinet which made life very difficult. A standard 4'6&quot; double would have made much more sense. The TV was huge taking up a lot of the space on the dressing table/desk. There were 3 chairs in the room and another small table making moving around very difficult. The bathroom was adequate with a full size bath with shower over. The vanity unit however, didn't have much space for toiletries so wash bags had to be placed on the floor. We had fluffy white towels, cotton robes and Molten Brown toiletries....always a treat! We did have to beware of burning ourselves on the radiator with the space being so limited.Both room and bathroom was immaculately clean as were the communal areas of the hotel.There was a minibar in our room but no minibar tariff. We risked it and had half a bottle of very nice Chilean Cabernet Sauvignon. On settling our bill we found out it had cost us £11. A little more than we expected but I guess these are London prices. We considered having breakfast delivered to the room one morning because we prefer to eat before getting ready but when we checked the menu we found it was an extra £5. We thought this was a little excessive so gave breakfast a miss altogether. We visited the Tapas Bar for a cocktail after having a lovely meal at the Waterway restaurant by the canal. I really fancied a long drink so ordered up something fancy with spirits, passion fruit and mango juice. This was £6.50 and very disappointing. I couldn't taste the alcohol in it and after 2 or 3 slurps with the straw I was left with three quarters of a glass of crushed ice. I commented to the waitress about my disappointment but the only response I got was &quot;it's all measured out and that's what you get&quot;. I was asked if I wanted another one but this was obviously not going to be on the house so we cut our losses and went up stairs to bed.The general atmosphere created by the staff was one efficiency but they seemed to lack personality They all seemed to be a little bit bored. In summary, we enjoyed the local area, we liked the building, the service was average and the room was disappointing. It is unlikely we will return.	
Feb 21 2008 	Dismal service overrated place	We've been regular customers ever since we discovered this hotel in 2002 but will certainly discontinue staying there for our annual Easter or Hallowe'en break if the staff continues to behave as they do: customer is king? You've got to be joking...I completely agree with comments and reviews above that say the same: no service whatsoever, dismally undermanned reception desk, nice rooms but let's be honest - next step in size is a nutshell and above all: Call for a reservation with special requests and you can forget any professional answer(s). We had to enlighten them that there was such a thing as an easter reduction (no kidding, they did not KNOW!), we had to clarify prices differed from weekends to weekdays, we had to do the maths as to what four days would cost and got FOUR different answers for the same dates. When they bluntly refused to guarantuee us our room would neither be in the basement (loud, smelly, cramped) nor in the attic (steep climb, size of a better wardrobe) although we were regular guests, we drew the line. And I haven't as yet come to the fact that hardly anybody of the staff speaks English well enough to deal with more complicated wishes or requirements.However, it's nice to read that some people have experienced the same things; not that we think it'll make any difference. As long as there are guests who think the cat suffices as a complimentary feature... Pity though, the house and especially the location are really pretty.Dr T. Sauer &amp; wife	
Jan 29 2008 	Service lacking	Stayed 6 days in January. The hotel location is ideal, right near a tube station, and the accommodations are not bad, but the service is reprehensible. The staff lost a box of business material of mine, which can happen anywhere, but their lack of remorse or follow-up was unbelievable. I travel overseas 12 to 16 times a year and frequent boutique hotels primarily because the service tends to be better than the larger chains. Not the case here. Additionally, my room, as depicted on the website, contains two windows, but mine had only one, and it didn't lock shut, so ultimately anyone could have entered the room from the outside. Two maintenance workers were on the fire escape, gazing into my room one morning, and the fire door didn't shut tightly and made noise in the wind all night every night. The food at the E-Bar restaurant is marginal at best, and overpriced even for London. The cat, Minnie, was the highpoint of the stay.I hope they fix the service end of the operation, as the location is great, but I likely wouldn't be staying again.	
Jan 22 2008 	Nice hotel but...	I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site. I was travelling alone, so I was booked in a &quot;single&quot; room. The hotel is very charming, and in a very quaint neighborhood. If you've never been to London, I don't reccommend this hotel. It is located across the st. from the Warwick Ave. Tube station, but other than that, nothing else is near it. The room was small, but very clean and had everything you could need. The staff was less than helpful and not very friendly.	
Jan 18 2008 	appalling truly appalling	I was due to have an operation and so wanted to book a hotel close to the hospital (St John and St Elizabeth, NW1) with parking, quiet and if i was honest, we didnt worry about the price this time, comfort and ease of service was paramount. We attempted to call the hotel all the way down the motorway but no one answered. When we arrived we found the car park space gone, one person manning everything and we mean everything with no assistance or concern. None of the 4 keys we recieved ever worked. The room was beyond basic, no tea making, grout missing in the bathroon floor tiles, luke warm water that dribbled out of the shower head and get this in this age of global warming.... the air con blasting out to combat the also blasting out red hot radiator! Try sleeping through that!! No one ever came when we phoned reception. The breakfast was so late I couldn't eat it as my surgeon said I couldnt eat past 8am which was good really as they forgot half the ingredients from the tray. The next morning at the front desk... guess what... same ONE person. All 5 people waiting to check out whilst the phone rang in the background and the printer got stuck and the credit card machine took forever must have been seriously late for their appointments - it was like a sketch from faulty towers without the humour. It truly was appalling. It cost over £200 a night, it cost us £500. There is a travel lodge close by - save your money, this place is so not worth that.	
Nov 22 2007 	Relaxing and Beautiful	It was my birthday, I was meeting a girlfriend for a couple of days, going theatre , London eye etc.Looked at the rating on Tripadvisor and thought it looked good.The hotel was stylish, relaxing, quiet and just wonderful, the room was lovely beautiful, tasteful decor and a wonderful bathroom with a 'proper' bath not one of those tiny ones. Our first day the rain was torrential so we spent most of the afternoon sat in our room drinking 'fizz' and it was delightful.Will definately go back.	
Nov 21 2007 	Lovely hotel absolutely great!	This boutique hotel is situated in the nice area of Little Venice. The tube station Warwick Avenue is 100 meters from the hotel and 1 stop from Paddington (Heatrow Express). The rooms are small, but lovely decorated and the staff is extremely helpful. Attention for people that are allergic to cats: Minnie, the housecat of this hotel, walks around in the lobby area. I like cats and loved my stay at this hotel, will definetly come back!!!	
Nov 19 2007 	Changed ownership or managment since other reviews???	The room is nice, and i like the historic touches - the four-poster bed and other furniture. I wonder if the restaurant downstairs is new. The cooking smell seeped through my door. and was strong enough that it made it hard for me to sleep.	
Nov 18 2007 	Wonderful!	The room was huge, the bed was comfortable and it was less then 1 city block to the tube station (Warwick Avenue). It is a zone 2 station which is literally 1 stop outside of the city center loop. Great Neighborhood (Little Venice). I wish we could have had a couple of extra days to explore the area more. The staff was very nice, and they had turn down service. Overall I would highly recommend this place to everyone. Be advised that there is a lift, but it only goes up so far. (4th floor i think - can't remember). So, if the stairs are an issue for you, be sure to call &amp; request a room near the lift.	
Nov 14 2007 	Beware	The hotel is nicely decorated and our room was a good size. However, we had booked the hotel as a place to sleep after an evening out in London and had one of the worst night's sleep imaginable. The hotel is directly over a tube line and trains run past midnight and from 5am - if you are given a room in the basement you will hear (and feel) every train arriving and departing. Our room was also directly next to the bar (thankfully empty) and what appeared to be a staff toilet - having been woken by the early morning tube trains we then listened to the toilet being flushed every few minutes. When we were asked if we'd had a good stay when checking out we explained that the room was very noisy. The receptionist didn't even acknowledge our comments - which made us more intent to complain, so we asked to see the manager. We were told we would have to wait while she completed a phone call to head office - again, very poor customer service - and when we did get to talk to her she basically told us 'what did we expect of a hotel in London'. She also didn't think that we should have been told about the noise from the tube, even though we would not have booked a room at the hotel had we known - this, we feel, is bordering on misselling and the room we stayed in was not fit for purpose. If you're looking for a place to stay where you can get a good night's sleep, beware - make sure when booking you aren't being allocated a room in the basement. If you do stay in one of these rooms and can't sleep you can always read the comments in the guest book from other unhappy customers who have also been unable to sleep.	
Oct 4 2007 	Really quaint hotel in London	The Colonnade Hotel itself is a very nice old building situated a stones throw from warwick avenue tube, in a reallly lovely location you could forget you were in London, the staff were helpful, the cat was very cute, the room was large for london sizes (we booked a deluxe) well decorated and clean, the bed sheets on the four poster were really lovely, and the nice little things like fruit, magazines and a stereo were great. However it was really hot in our room but the AC was so loud we decided to put up with the heat, you can also hear a lot of goings on ie thumping of people upstairs, tele from adjoining rooms, and the room cleaners were pretty loud in the mornings, also the english breakfast was £16 per person and an extra £5 to have it brought to your room, needless to say we considered £37 to have breakfast in your room as extortionate, and therefore did not indulge but there is a nice little cafe on the road just behind the hotel. All in all we enjoyed our stay.	
Sep 5 2007 	Recommended	An unexpected pleasure, very nice room - clean and well furnished. Hotel with character, a nice change from often indifferent chains at this sort of price.	
Aug 21 2007	Colonnade Town House Hotel	My husband and I stayed for 1 night at the Colonnade during Easter before moving to its sister hotel the Academy in Bloomsbury. The lovely hotel is located in a quiet and peaceful neighborhood, although a bit away from the major sight-seeing places. We had a double room with a terrace which was very clean and quiet. The room was small but very elegantly decorated and had everything we needed. The breakfast was delicious and the coffee was one of of the best we've had. We enjoyed sipping coffee on the terrace in the morning. We had an enjoyable stay at this excellent boutique hotel.	
Aug 13 2007 	Fantastic	We stayed here for the first couple of days of our honeymoon. It was fantastic. We stayed in a suite and it was great. Full of character with high ceilings, period features etc. The room had a four poster bed and was very comfortable. The window opened out onto the terrace. The bathroom adjoins the main room and had a sunken bath tub with Molton Brown toiletries. Very nice.We had one meal there which was breakfast and it was very nice. YOu fill out a card and leave it outside your room and they deliver it to your room at the time of your choosing. It was very well set out and delicious.The staff are uniformly friendly and polite. I deiced to have a picnic in a local park and they were only to happy to provide a linen sheet etc. They even refused to take a tip.In short, a very well run hotel full of charm and character.	
Jun 21 2007 	Very comfortable ideal for short break	I stayed at this hotel whilst on business in London, having booked a late rate of £118.. As a single female guest, I felt extremely comfortable and was made welcome by the friendly staff. The reception/sitting room is beautifully furnished, but the highlight of the shared area was the 1920s style lift, complete with sofa.My room was reasonably sized, with space for a chair and table. Classical music was playing on the small hi fi as I entered the room, and complimentary fruit and mineral water was available. The bathroom was spotlessly clean and plentifully stocked with Molten Brown toiletries. Breakfast is available only by room service, and offered a wide choice. Only 2 minutes walk from Warwick Avenue tube station, the hotel would be an excellent base for exploring London. Little Venice is a lovely area, with many restaurants, bars and shops nearby. I would definitely return here with my boyfriend for a short break.	
May 17 2007 	Lovely place for a romantic break	My partner &amp; I booked a Deluxe Townhouse room for 2 nights for a short break in London.As we are both frequent business travellers, we were delighted to find this little gem, a world of difference from the usual corporate places that we usually use.The staff were all helpful &amp; friendly without exception, and even Minnie the resident cat (rescued from Battersea Animal Shelter) seemed pleased to see us.Our room (25) was beautiful, with the most comfortable 4-poster bed. There was a small stereo in the room, and relaxing classical music was playing as we walked in.The bathroom was a little on the small side, but more than adequate for our needs. The only problem was that the shower screen didn't quite reach the top of the bath, which mean't that not flooding the bathroom when taking a shower was nigh on impossible.As our first night was a Monday, the hotel restaurant was closed, so we visited The Red Pepper, a small Italian restaurant literally yards away from the hotel. The food was excellent &amp; reasonably priced - and their Tiramisu is not to be missed!!Breakfast was excellent - with all hot food being cooked to order, and we had one evening in the Tapas bar - delicious selection of tasty Spanish produce which we enjoyed immensely as a one off, but felt that the lack of 'proper' meals would have been a problem if our stay had been longer.The hotel was spotlessly clean throughout, although some of the decor is starting to look a little shabby.Overall, a wonderful place to relax and spend time with a loved one - an experience we are looking forward to repeating again	
Apr 22 2007 	Loved the Colonnade	I stayed at the Colonnade for one night in early April 2007 and loved it. Luckily, I was able to take advantage of the mid-week sale and booked directly through their website.The room was small with an unspectacular view looking over the garage, but overall my experience was great. Great big tub and excellent shower facilities with yummy Molton Brown bath products! I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 2 2007	For a quieter luxury experience of London at an excellent price.	I booked this hotel as a special treat for my husband's birthday. Although it is a little out of central London, it is only 2 minutes walk from the nearest tube station (Warwick Avenue), and Little Venice, which is a lovely area for a quiet coffee and stroll on a Sunday afternoon. It was certainly good value for money compared with what we could have had for a similar price in central London.The rooms are beautifully made up. Our suite (JFK) had a four-poster bed with velvet cushions, and a pretty sofa. There was a TV and CD player. I chose the romance package, which included champagne, roses, strawberries and Molton Brown bath goodies. The bathroom was average-sized but with a lovely deep bath and a powerful shower. My husband has stayed in some very nice hotels with work, but he thought this room was the best he had ever stayed in.The hotel itself is quiet, and each room has its own character. There is a lounge area with newspapers. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel (I think it is tapas - I'm not sure as we went elsewhere for dinner). Breakfast was excellent, with a selection of delicious meats and cheeses, croissants and crusty bread, yoghurt, fruit and the usual cooked fare. It was quiet and relaxed - quite intimate and a real treat.Service was very good. The staff were thoughtful and helpful during the booking process and during our stay. Highly recommended!	
Jan 8 2007 	Not a great experience	Booked a 2 night stay as a birthday treat, room 5 ok but unfortunately directly above E Bar where there was a private party with loud music from 17.00 until 2am. Management unable or unwilling to help. Upgraded room for 2nd night, even then items in that room did not work. Will not stay again.Amouls deli around the corner is brilliant	
Dec 15 2006 	Bring your climbing boots!	Booked a single room for this hotel. It was advertised as a 'cabin' so I can't really complain. The room was really tiny but beautifully furnished with all sorts of nautical decorations. There is a desk down below and a ladder to a bunk bed above! It's quite a long way up there and you have to manoeuver yourself into the bed. I had to ask myself, what would happen if an elderly person booked this room? They couldn't possibly cope. And heaven forbid if you were to fall out of bed. It's a long, long, way to the floor. Also if you wish to watch TV during the day you have to climb into bed!The AC in the room was excellent but noisy and the shower cubicle was tiny but nice. I think this is the only room in the hotel like this. It's fine if you are young and nimble. When I peeped into the other rooms that were being cleaned they looked very nice. The location of the hotel is just perfect; a couple of hundred yards to the nearest tube. There is no reception as such, just a single employee at a desk. If I were to go back, I'd book a more comfortable room. The 'cabin' is fine if you are young and in search of adventure!	
Oct 31 2006 	Just OK nothing more	We were on our honeymoon and wanted something special but it was just ok . The room was pretty clean and a good size but the bed was horrible and the service wasn't good. If you ask for anything (like more towels) they make it seem as though you are asking for a lot. Basically it was nothing special especially for $300 a night! Best part: The room was a good size with a balcony.Worst part: Bed was very uncomfortable with a big spring in the middle of our backs.Location: Very close to tube and we felt safe there. It’s not in the intercity so it’s just over an hour by tube to the Heathrow airport or $90 US by taxi. Service: Varied from worker to worker in the 5 days we stayed there. Overall not the best service. Price: Not worth what you pay. Overall: DECENT is the best word for this hotel. We would not stay there again. We travel a lot and this was not worth the money at all.	
Oct 25 2006 	Expensive and poor service	I am surprised by the positive comments here about the Colonnade. My wife and I just stayed there on our honeymoon and actually moved back to another hotel we stayed at our first night in London because of an airline reservation problem. The room is very nice, but very expensive compared to what you get in other hotels. It was probably bad for us because of the experience we had at the other hotel )The ParkCity in Earl's Court). The breakfast was very very meager, and it wasn't included in our room rate of 225 pounds! They were going to chage us 15 pounds or $30 each. But the service was our biggest problem. They were not in the least service minded. We asked two staff members who were sitting in front of an Internet monitor if they knew when the Changing of the Guards were - not an uncommon question in London. They both responded - &quot;No&quot;- and then looked at us blankly. They wouldn't open the doors when we were overloaded with luggage, etc...The cable TV is non-existant, the towels and robes are paper thin, and the pillows were very cheap. We checked out of the hotel early, which is something we have never done, because it was overpriced for what we got in comparison to other hotels, not very centrally located, and the service was rather hostile. The other hotel, when we asked them about the Changing of the Guards, they spent the time to look it up on the Internet, gave us the times, and told us how to get there the best way. Although they were aware it was our honeymoon, they did not even acknowledge it. The other hotel have us 8 ound drink vouchers, even though we were staying one night. I hope that they are able to improve the professional level of the staff and the quaity of the rooms to the competitive level of other hotels in the area because the property itself is nice.	
Oct 11 2006 	WoW! An amazing romantic hotel! Perfect service!	Located in Little Venice, we were lucky to find this charming hotel through TripAdvisor, and I must say, it exceeded all of our expectations! It a beautiful buidling, and our room was located on the top floor, and it had amazing view of London. Our bathroom was huge with a soaking tub, and even it had a view! The beds in one word:heavenly. The service was outstanding! There is a period elevator in the hotel and is charming too! The tube stop is very close, as well as a taxi stop.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Sep 17 2006 	Wonderful Value in Little Venice	The Colonnade is an absolute gem for the money spent. I stayed in mid-May, a deluxe double, for nine nights at £140.00 per night, booked through the hotel's website. The Colonnade is in a quiet residential area of Maida Vale called Little Venice. It's conveniently located two blocks away from the Warwick tube stop. The reception desk is immediately within the front door, which is often open making the lobby chilly as most days were chilly and rainy. The fireplace in the lobby was never lit, despite chilly, rainy weather. Without fail the person working reception was professional and friendly and never failed to smile and greet me upon my return to the hotel. There is a very friendly orange tabby cat who that was often curled up on the sofa in the lobby. That was a nice suprise! My room was on the top floor which meant I could take the elevator up most of the way but had to walk up the last flight of stairs, which I didn't mind as the staff was very helpful in bringing my bag up for me.The room was quite large compared to what I'd expect to find at that room rate. The double bed was very comfortable and they provided four lofty, fluffy pillows and soft frette sheets. There is an iron and trouser press, very large wardrobe and 4 drawer dresser, desk and two nightstands. They provide a hairdryer, refrigerator (stocked to the gills with nothing that I'd be interested in consuming which made it difficult to store my own nibbles). The staff happily provided a bucket of ice each evening at my request. There was a window that opens with blackout drapes to make for a very good night's sleep. There was a skylight in the ceiling which was lovely when the rain fell. In front of the window there were two small chairs and a cocktail table which were too small to relax in comfortably. And the television couldn't easily be watched from that location as it was at an odd angle. You will hear the train as it travels underneath. Otherwise it's a lovely, quiet environment. The wall-mounted heater/AC was very effective - the on/off button kept sticking though and I had to use my nailfile to turn it off. There was an extra large umbrella in the room for my use which I appreciated.The bathroom was extremely small but that's something one expects in mid-priced hotels in London. The important thing is that it was extremely clean. There were two robes and plenty of fresh towels. Room service was thorough but the first few days came at all different times. So I asked reception if they would make sure that my room was cleaned between 11am and 2pm and they did. I found at the end of my stay that I was missing a pair of Marc Jacobs sunglasses and a cocktail ring so I suggest you use the safe for similar items like costume jewelry.The hotel restaurant is questionable. I ordered from room service only by necessity because the quality of the food wasn't very good and was usually cold by the time I got it and not very tasty. The Colonnade could certainly improve in that area. For necessities, take Clifton Road a few blocks down to the left and you'll find a Tesco, Boots and a Cafe Rouge among a couple other restaurants and pubs. The Prince Alfred is directly behind the hotel on Formosa street and is a great pub with lots of dark wood and etched glass. Continue on Formosa and you'll come to The WaterWay restaurant which is a great little pub/restaurant with a large outdoor terrace. At the end of my stay I asked reception to order a black cab and found that they had called a car which was excellent because it was a Mercedes and it was a good £15 cheaper than the cab ride to the hotel on my arrival. All in all I enjoyed my stay and have booked a room again for my stay in early October.	
Sep 15 2006	Adored it!	The Colonnade is an absolute gem! My girlfriend and I absolutely loved it. The hotel is literally two minutes from the Warwick Ave Tube station. You can be at all of the sights and sounds of London in no more than 25 minutes via the Tube. The Little Venice area that the hotel is located in is a quite, cozy area of London. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay in London. It is not in the heart of London, but it is great for those looking for a quite relaxing vacation. The staff will go out of their way to make your stay as pleasant as possible. This hotel is EXCELLENT!!!!	
Sep 5 2006	Great cosy place to stay	It's a great place to stay! Very quiet (you can leave your window open during the night!!), close to the tube (2 min walk) and very friendly staff. It's more a homy, cosy hotel with nice specials (water bottle at night, newspaper,...). If you are bored of typical standart hotels and are looking for a typical British place to stay - come here.	
Aug 23 2006 	What a Great Hotel!	What a great hotel!Excellent location, right next to the tube, 10 mins from Paddington station( handy if you are getting the Heathrow express).The rooms are small but all the little extras and small touches make the difference. The visitor book in each room is a nice touch and the turndown service was lovely at the end of a long day. You could not fault the cleanliness of this hotel - the housekeeping staff are to be commended! The room are finished to a very high standard with amzing bed linen and quality towels. Although we did not eat in the hotel the Tapas bar downstairs looks lovely and the menu very reasonibly priced. There are a number of very good cafes and restaurants in this area and the area itself is beautiful - clean and quite.An excellent place to stay!	
Aug 10 2006 	Nice but some issues	The Colonnade is located in the Little Venice neighborhood of London, close to an Underground stop. The area is OK but not a lot of fun. It's in a converted, attractive mansion.The staff was generally, but not uniformly, attentive and helpful. The rooms were very clean and tastefully furnished. The bedding was very soft and comfortable.There were a few problems. We stayed in two rooms on two occasions within a few weeks of each other. The ventillation / AC system was very loud in both rooms and disturbed our sleep. Our first room, #4, was tiny and cramped. Our second room, #9, was much more spacious but it was located in the basement. We did not try the pricey breakfasts but went out to cafes. Wireless and wireline internet access was available in the rooms, but at 15 pounds per day, we opted to go to an Internet cafe instead.Overall, a decent place but I think we'll try another place next time we're in London.	
Jun 29 2006 	Luxury!	Absolutely loved my stay at the Colonnade. We booked a standard twin and were upgaded to a deluxe twin which was fabulous. Gorgeous furniture and had the best nights sleep in ages!The room had everything we needed and was lovely and spacious.The area of little venice is stunning. Amazing big old town houses lovely canals... tree lined streets. Very clean too.The tube is right on the door-step, which even though its very handy, i would say it was the only bad thing as you can feel this rumbling slightly whilst you are laying in bed.... not good when you have a hangover!! Maybe not as bad if you are on one of the upper floors??Will definitely go back!	
May 1 2006	Lovely hotel in a peaceful location	The Colonnade town is a lovely hotel, clean and confortable, located in a very peaceful and charming area of London. The tube is one block away from the entrance of the hotel (Warwick Avenue station on the Bakerloo line). The journey to Piccadilly Circus is about 20 minutes. London traffic does not belong to this area. Living here must be very expensive as all the houses seem very exclusive.The room is somehow small ( I slept in a single room), but really clean and confortable. Breakfast was very good too. I would certainly go back.The staff is international, always kind and ready to help. I couldn't find anything negative about this hotel.	
Mar 27 2006	Lovely but opressive	Even though it was a cold December night, the room was uncomfortably hot and the air-conditioning seemed to have a mind of its own; constantly on, hot and noisy - we could not get the thing to either control itself or switch off. The bed was very comfortable ( Frette linens! Divine ! ), however, due to the chintzy decor the room was too dark. Although the bathroom was small, it was well lit. My main annoyance is that when we returned from our evening engagement and went to the 'restaurant' we had to leave and go back to our room via the outside access - I'm glad it wasn't raining.	
Mar 23 2006	Fantastic boutique hotel	I have had a fantastic weekend in London with my wife, the The Collonade in Little Venice - North London - paid £170 / night - well worth the money - four poster bed, roses, chocolates, champage, breakfast in bed, dvd player. A lovelly part of London, surprisingly quiet - great reastaurants &amp; pubs - easy access to the underground train network. I normally like to try different hotels as often as possible - but now I've found The Collonade - this will be my hotel of choice in London. Great one for anniversaries guys!	
Mar 13 2006	I am obsessed with returning!!	New Yorkers can be a bit fussy but I love the Eton Colonnade!!I stayed there in August and again in February and can't wait to get back there!The neighborhood is filled with great little haunts..the barges..the restaurants and pubs. Although in London, Little Venice is a small cozy town within a big city.We requested the same room when we returned after our summer vacation because of its size, decor..I have not seen the smaller rooms, we stayed in one of the junior suites and the baths were large.I can't believe I am letting the cat out of the bag on the best kept secret in London.	
Mar 10 2006	Fantastic Hotel	This was the second time at the Colonnade, the first time we got engaged whilst staying there and this time we were there as part of our honeymoon. It really is a great little hotel. It is located in a quiet relaxing part of London with the canal close by. Warwick Ave tube is 30 secs away to get you to central London.We had a room on the second floor at the front. It had a beautiful 4 poster bed, and a little lounge area as well as a balcony overlooking the front. The room is very tastefully decorated, traditional but in a modern sort of way. The bathroom was a little small with the toilet stuck behind the door but it really wasn't an issue for us. The staff are great and we even had a bottle of champagne, roses and chocolates delivered to our room because it was our honeymoon. It is a really unique individual hotel to stay at in London and I couldn't recommend it enough.	
Nov 30 2005	Dissapointed	After reading the comments on the hotel we decided to book. The room was on the first floor next to the lift which when called for made our room noisy. The room was small and had 2 windows but neither had any view, one overlooked the small garage and the other looked onto a glass ceiling. Also there was a smell of drains which filled the room late evening and morning. The complimentary paper never arrived. We also chose this hotel as it had option of car parking £20per day. We booked our car in however could not use the facility until another guest had left, this meant moving our car from permit area (note: traffic wardens are frequent in this area!) to the nearest NCP (not 24hrs) which cost £4.40 for less than 2 hrs. We finally were able to park the car after 11am (as we were only in london 2 days this ate into our free time). I found this un-nessesary hassle for our stay when paying aditional cost for parking.Good points: Friendly helpful staff. Location good for Tube.Overall Dissapointed and unlikely to return.	
Oct 17 2005	The Colonnade is a gem!	We had a wonderful stay at the Colonnade. The room was gorgeously appointed and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The neighborhood is quiet and picturesque. Although it is not in the center of London, it is a short tube trip (and the tube station is a block from the hotel) and for the price, it is beyond worth staying a little out of the way. I can't gush about or recommend this hotel enough. I will definitely return!	
Sep 19 2005	Very good place to stay in London	I was at the Colonnade for 4 nights in early September 05. I was very lucky and got a great rate due to a mistake on their website. They did the right thing and honored the rate that I booked. It is a very nice hotel based on the furnishings, the service, the comfort and the location. The hotel is literally a 30 second walk to the Warwick Ave. tube stop, which makes it very easy to get into Central London. I loved staying there, its a lovely neighborhood with a great pub very close to the hotel and several good restaurants within walking distance. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 16 2005	We loved it!	After having stayed in a hotel for 2 nights in Hythe, Kent (which we were really disappointed with) we were a little hesitant about this one, but pleasantly surprised when we arrived! The hotel has lots of character and the staff were very helpful.Our room was a suite and well worth the extra money, it was very well decorated, with a/c and minibar, great bathroom amenities and nice towels. We think this hotel offers great value for money and our only regrest ws that we could not stay longer!Very comfortable and highly recommended - however don't take your car, its metred parking and the hotel only has 3 spaces for which they charge £20 a day!	
Jul 2 2005	The most incongrous restaurant	I really like this hotel, though it has to be said that its 'funky', loud, 'concept' bar is absolutely out of character with the Georgian edifice.Beware too that the cat is a moody little soldier who blends in far too well with most of the hotel carpeting!Great breakfast served in your room, but make sure you order before you go to bed...Rooms are small, but perfectly formed. The loos aren't really meant to be used - they're too small and wedged against towel rails and such like.Overall though I really enjoy the theatre of the place and will be going back. For all it's loveable flaws, it's a very traditionally British corner of London. Lavender and Keats on your pillow...	
Jun 20 2005	Great hotel but management please read	I've stayed at this hotel several times before with my girlfriends (First in Summer 2003) and was amazed, there's a LOT of things I like about this place:Location: a few stops on the tube from Baker St. so very central. However, it is a beautiful area of London which is very safe.Service: The staff are all extremely helpful, they take care of every detail.The place: It building has a LOT of heritage, very attractive quality. The rooms are very well sized and they're happy to upgrade you to nicer rooms if they're free. I always try to stay in the room just above the entrance with a balcony, has the nicest view in my opinion.Quirks: They have a cat, Mini. The staff told me to be careful, she doesn't take too kindly to most guests but she did like us... so much so that one night she stayed in our room.Now... the last two times I've stayed at this hotel I've noticed something a little worrying. The quality of the breakfast used to be top notch, especially the pancakes which were pretty impressive. For some reason, the last two times I've been they've resorted to using chocolate sauce instead of chunks of chocolate, they've not had many ingredients in the kitchen (blueberrys) etc... It is a very very minor point and will not put me off visiting again, but I really do hope my experiences on the last two occassions were rare ones.	
May 16 2005	Chintzy but OK	Stayed here for one night having stayed at two of the other Etonhotelgroup properties. Location in Little Venice is great: gorgeous, quiet area and very handy for the tube (Bakerloo line). Upon arrival we'd been allocated a ground floor room so we asked to be moved which was no problem. The new room (34) wasn't as big as we'd've liked but was fine and nicely furnished. Staff are very helpful -- despite some being 'foreign' -- not a problem for us. BUT: at night when we got back from the West End, we were welcomed by a crowd of staff. When I tried in vain to order room service five mins later and got no answer I went downstairs -- deserted, reception phone off the hook. When I finally located someone I was told he'd been 'training' a new member of staff below stairs. I wonder.... It left an unprofessional aftertaste.	
Mar 28 2005	Lovely Honeymoon Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon in June 2004. The staff were wonderful. We were upgraded to the James Wright Suite which was a huge suite with seating area and wonderful views. They also had a dozen red roses, champagne and chocolate-covered roses to surprise us. We were surprised at the extras since we had booked through a wholesaler, Travel Bound and did not mention it was our honeymoon until we arrived. The hotel is in a lovely area of Little Venice and is a nice choice for those who have been to London many times and are looking to stay some place &quot;different&quot; but close to major sites by the Tube. We also loved the hotel cat who was always sleeping in the hotel's beautiful and intimate reception area. The cooked to order breakfast was also great!	
Nov 10 2004	Lovely - but not perfect!	Stayed for 2 nights 7th - 9th November. I booked directly with the hotel after reading the reviews on this site and because a few people had mentioned the small rooms I asked the man on the front desk to please reserve us a larger room. We were originally shown to room 36 and whilst it was perfectly lovely - it was very small so I asked if they could show us something larger. They had room 6 a garden studio room free for one night of our stay but we were told it would cost £179 as opposed to the £129 we had originally agreed to. Althought the bed was still very small we thought we would pay the extra for a special treat.Having said that we were not provided with the robes or slippers or anything remotely complimentary for this room and neither did we receive the turn down service.The breakfast was excellent. cooked fresh to order, full english, smoked haddock and poached eggs, pancakes - whatever took your fancy really as well as the usual buffet and juices. The service was also very efficient and friendly. The room was in the now refurbished E bar part of the hotel which at night is a rather nice cocktail and tapas place. The cocktails are excellent but the tapas were laughably awful. £5.50 for about 20 grams of tastless parma ham and £2.50 for inedible chilli olives. Lovely room though.the next day we were moved to room 42 on the fourth floor where our bed was a little bigger but the bathroom not big enough to swing the hotel cat. That room however, did provide the robes, slippers and turning down service. Still no water or sweeties though. When we checked out the receptionist tried to charge us £202 for the first nights stay. I refused naturally and she acquiesced but really! I had booked the hotel directly and the man I spoke to originally, in answer to my worries about being given a small room, assured me that I wouldn't receive a small room! Surely the hotel could offer different rates for different rooms to begin with and then I could have been certain of what I was booking and could have saved us all a lot of trouble moving and swapping and complaining.I didn't mean to make this a negative review as I did genuinly like the hotel and the area but it seems that someone somewhere could be doing something to erase these little problems and make The Colonnade a place for everyone to enjoy - not just the people allocated the best rooms.Oh and the pub at the end of the street with the upstairs Thai restaurant is great.and the canal boats don't run from here to Camden from end of October to....I don't know.. but the boats are still pretty.	
Sep 11 2004	Quite enjoyable stay	We stayed at the Colonnade in January 2004 for a couple of nights, during a spell of flawlessly clear and bright weather. The service was very friendly and solicitous. The room was charming, though a bit too warm. Breakfast in the Enigma Restaurant was excellent.We were later notified by mail that we had consumed nearly everything in the minibar and all of the condiments, and they charged them to our credit card. In fact, we had consumed little of it and had actually already paid for what we did take. They graciously and quickly removed all charges after a phone call.The Little Venice area is wonderful, and close to St. John's Wood. I would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 11 2004	The Colonnade does everything right	My husband and I stayed at the Colonnade TownHouse for about 9 days in April of 2004. We made a rather complex series of reservations to accommodate our side-trips to West Somerset, Cardiff and Paris, making the Colonnade our base. The reservations staff were efficient and helpful and got all the details absolutely right. Upon arrival we were charmed by the hotel, the staff and our room. The room was on the small side, but very clean and comfortable and beautifully appointed and the windows actually opened. The bed was deliciously comfortable and the amenities as charming as mentioned in other reviews - the water, the Smarties, in-room tea service, towel warmers, reading material, comfy robes, large thick towels, house cat, etc. On our first night we had a medical difficulty that required a hospital visit the nest morning. The hotel staff were compassionate, concerned, kind and helpful through the night and morning. They arranged a car service to take us to the hospital and were gracious and caring after our ordeal. We will always remember their kindnesses.The breakfasts were lovely, ample and diverse, and even if the service was a bit underorganized it was always well-meaning. The entire hotel staff was helpful and knowledgeable about the area and we never encountered any sort of language barrier.Upon our return to the hotel after our first side-trip, the management had upgraded our room to one of the larger suites as a gesture of compassion and kindness over our medical ordeal (which had nothing to do with the hotel whatever). It was sheer kindness on the hotel's part. They also kept our larger luggage while we day-tripped and returned us to the suite after each side-trip. We loved the location of the hotel, loved the neighborhood and appreciated being in the charming, residential area of Little Venice away from the noisy, crowded, touristy heart of London. The tube stop being a block away was beyond convenient. Little Venice is a lovely area to explore on foot with many good restaurants and shops. Yes, we heard the rumble of the tube, but it didn't bother us once we identified the noise. Do stay at the Colonnade Town House if you are looking for a romantic, comfortable, well-appointed hotel in a quiet part of a noisy city. We are not easily pleased in this age of slapdash hostelries, but the Colonnade did everything right for us.	
Jun 30 2004	Quite Nice	Booked the Colonnade over some other properties based on other reviews. Found it to be nice, clean and comprising all the amenities we expected. Rooms are small but that is the norm and they were all nicely decorated. Although some of the front desk staff lacked local area knowledge they were always friendly and professional. The beds were extremely comfortable, and the breakfast was good. If you are traveling in a group or with older companions be sure to request a lower floor as the elevator only goes to the third floor, making it difficult for some poeple to access the 4th floor rooms.Found the location to be excellent. Right next to the tube with local pub, restaurant, wine shop, florrist and post office just round the corner. Would be ideal for a romantic get away weekend. We would return.	
Jun 22 2004	Not quite dissapointed but not blown away	I too booked here based on the relatively high marks given in the Fall of last year. While I would not say I was dissapointed, I did expect a tad more. Unlike other recent reviews, I found the staff friendly and easy to communicate with. Most spoke fluent English. While it is not exactly centrally located, the English subway station is fantastic (very similar to NYC's), and the nearest station was just 1 block away, so very convenient from that sense. My only issues were a laundry mishap that had a pair of pants missing for my whole stay, only to get them back at checkout still not cleaned. The air conditioner seemed more like a fan by US standards, so do not expect an ice cold room in Summer. Good beds, baths &amp; cleanliness. The towel warmer in the bath was a plus too. Rooms were quite small, but I don't think that should be a surprise to anyone. As London is expensive anyway, the price is probably about right, but for future trips I will shop around more before staying here again.	
Jun 13 2004	Wonderful hotel with great rooms	My husband and I stayed here in May of 2004 for four nights. We enjoyed the well-appointed, although somewhat small, rooms. The water by the bed and music playing each night was a nice touch. The hotel was a three minute walk from a pub, breakfast area and the tube station. It was a slice of heaven to be away from downtown London and crazy prices and still have a luxury room. The staff seemed to be mostly French and not that informed about the area. It was o.k. though because the underground is so eacy to figure out. We would return again and have no hesitation in making the recommendation to stay here. 	
Jun 1 2004	Enjoyed the hotel tremendously!	I chose the hotel based on reviews from this site, and as usual, they were right on. The hotel was very charming and I was immediately reassured that I'd made a good choice. The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful, accomodating our early check-in, the room was very comfortable and the bed was luxurious. It was just a few steps away from the underground stop, which made getting around London so easy. It was a great alternative to a chain hotel &amp; I'd recommend it.	
Jun 1 2004	A very comfortable place	We booked the hotel through Expedia, at 123 pounds per night, including taxes and breakfast. This would make it a rather expensive hotel in other parts of Europe, but in my experience it is a god deal for London, considering the good quality of the service. The room (n. 36) was rather small, but very elegantly appointed and very very comfortable. The service is quite special, with a lot of nice details (newspaper in the morning, bottle of water in the evening, porto wine available in the hall, personal cards etc), even though a bit discontinuous (we did not have night service on the secnd day). Breakfast was good, with a not so large buffet but with all first quality ingredients.We found that it is a very nice place to come back to after a day in London and we would definetely recommend it.	
May 24 2004	A Little Disappointing	We stayed at the Colonnade May 8, 9, and 10. Room was small (as expected) but comfortable enough. Warwick Ave. tube station is one minute away and makes commuting to London destinations very convenient. But we found the staff unfriendly and unhelpful - I would say even cold. They respond as if they don't fully understand the English language. Calls and little snacks are very expensive. Little Venice is great and just walking the area outside the hotel is pretty and feels safe. This was our first ever trip to England and I believe I had realistic expectations. And if our experience at the Paradise House in Bath had not been so great, then I would have said maybe its partially us - but I don't think so.	
May 14 2004	Nice well appointed but ....	Based on reviews from this site we booked the Colonnade Hotel. It was clean, well appointed, but #3 ranking is a bit high. The room was a decent size, the bathroom was nice, the bed was very comfortable and the sheets were a very nice quality. We were given a room on the 4th floor, the elevator only goes to the 3rd floor and you need to walk a winding staircase to get to your room. This was in April 04, and neither the heat or A/C were working so you either had to open the window or snuggle up. The staff although friendly, were not English, communication was difficult and they were not well versed with directions and general info. The location is very peaceful and quiet although a bit off the beaten path. A one block walk puts you on a bus for a 15-20 minute ride to town, depending on traffic. There I would suggest the red hop on-hop off bus, about $27.00US each, it drives you by most of the major sites with mostly live English speaking hosts. The Little Vencie waterway is nearby and a boat trip down the canal was very enjoyable and on the weekends you can take the boat down to the local flea market, the people are more interesting than than the market. The restaurants they suggested, approx. 5, all had basically the same menu, we tried the Waterway, next to the Little Vencie Canal, although the choices weren't great the food was pretty good. If it's your first trip to London, try something in town, where you have quicker access to the sites as well as more reaturant choices.	
Apr 30 2004	A little better than normal...	When travelling to London, I look for a few basics in terms of a room (design, value, quiet, cleanliness, excellent service). Let me review those issues with regard to the Colonnade.DESIGN -- This is the weakest link for the Colonnade, in that it is a traditional (somewhat dowdy) design that needs a fairly serious shaking up. The walls are cracking and buckling in places, the lapshades in the halls are browning from bulb heat, the black velvet throw on the bed looks positively grungy, and the sheer curtains are gray. The furniture in the (not that small) rooms we stayed in over three different visits is standard issue hotel. No attempt to achieve a design statement. The breakfast room is somewhat more modern, with a pleasing glass ceiling, but nothing groundbreaking.VALUE -- I had originally booked myhotel Chelsea (I stayed there before) for this visit, but on reading reviews and checking rates, chose the Colonnade which had a &quot;run of the house&quot; rate promising the &quot;best available room&quot; in the hotel at 143 quid, versus 159 at myhotel. Closer to the visit, myhotel dropped their lowest rate to 110, but I was tired of booking, cancelling and booking so just let it stick. I wanted to experience Little Venice, anyway. I find it difficult to believe that our room was ever the &quot;best available.&quot; One morning, I found the cleaning staff's list of occupied rooms sitting on some laundry in the hall and noticed numerous rooms and suites &quot;vacant.&quot; Interesting...But the rooms we had were at least close to the same size as myhotel (I had room 31 twice, and room 24 which was the biggers of the two), so i did not feel i was being completely ripped off by any means. I have paid 300+ quid a night for a room with great service and design -- for me, that equals good value. But for 110 quid I could have stayed myhotel and received slightly better value.QUIET -- A strength of this hotel. Great neighborhood. Close to the tube (one does here it rumble underground ever so slightly on floors 3 and 2) with a taxi stand nearby, as well. Great nightclubs and bards within walking distance (Cherry Jam, Waterway, Warrington Hotel).CLEANLINESS -- Few complaints here, including bathrooms. One morning I did find I had been given a towel that was smeared with lipstick (I hope...) and I have to admit neither of us in the room ever wear the stuff :-) The place may be a bit shabby, but it's clean shabby, and that's a critical difference in the Colonnade's favor.EXCELLENT SERVICE -- I don't care of you open a hotel at 80 quid a night or 500 quid a night...you owe your customers the best service possible. Open a US airline if you want to treat people poorly. The Colonnade definitely has friendly staff, and the house kitty-cat Minnie is one of the most affectionate and beautiful brindle London squatting cats I have ever seen. They do set the radio to quiet classic music for when you check in and come in at night, and they do leave bottled water and a small box of M&amp;Ms (but a couple nights we got only one bottle and one chocolate, although there were two of us in the room -- and other nights we each got our own bottle and chocolate; an odd discontinuity). They stored our luggage with no hesitation a couple times and they held something we'd left in the room for our return visit a couple days later. The breakfast buffet was entirely sufficient, with attentive service.Overall, I would highly recommend the hotel to people who are looking for quiet nights' sleep, low-key but friendly service, nice cats and a clean room. For more modern surroundings and more advanced amenities (at possibly an even lower price), you might look at myhotel chelsea. This is a good hotel, and I would be comfortable recommending Colonnade to friends who I thought would be a good fit for it.	
Apr 29 2004	Colonnade Town House Hotel Nice but hot.	Me &amp; my wife stopped here last weekend. 24th -26th April. Nice Hotel, Nice polite staff, Homely, Nice area, Room Smallish (27 Superiour double), well decorated, Nice Decour, Was very hot though, (April) not much ventollation, had air conditioning in the rooms but it was load &amp; didnt make much difference. Wouldnt much fancy staying there in the middle of the Summer. having 3 pairs of curtains at the Main window didnt help. Very easy access to the tube. Only about 40 yards. (Backerloo line) only one stop to Paddngton &amp; about 7 to Piccadilly. breakfast was nice. (Not fantastic). Tried charging me for 2 items I didnt have from the mimi bar when checking out, but when I said I never had them (Which I didnt) There was no problem &amp; they never pursued it so thats proberbly not worth mentioning. If you get a good rate I would recommend this hotel. I would stop there again but maybe I would get a Slightly larger room	
Apr 27 2004	Charming hotel	We chose the Colonnade on basis of the reviews on this website. Our room was not that big, but very nicely decorated. It didn't look like all these chain hotels. The staff was extremly polite and helpfull. The location was ok - not really in the centre, but very close to the underground station and it took only 15 minutes to get to the city centre. Breakfast wasn't that good - we arrived late and the choices were limited. But overall: a very charming little hotel.	
Apr 19 2004	Pefect Hotel!!	Perfect Hotel for a pleasure trip. It is well situated, only 20m from Warwick underground station. It is very clean with excellent service and smiling people. The decoration is almost traditional English. The accomodation is very comfortable and I really enjoyed it!!	
Apr 16 2004	The Little Room That Could	I believe the last reviewer has much to learn about British food, notwithstanding the fact that I've never seen a hotel or specialty store in London that couldn't use a fresh cleaning. This hotel's staff was fantastic. The room was small, but where in Europe do you find a room one could compare to the states? They left the radio on when I entered, tuned to a great classical station. A handwritten letter from the management welcomed me. The bedding was excellent - plenty blankets, fresh water by the bedside (at no charge), and a chocolate for the night carefully resting on the down pillow. The bathroom was a bit tight, but clean and well adorned. I was thankful I picked a hotel with plenty of water pressure. Let's face it, anytime you get something that comes close to the value of what you pay in England(I paid 133 BP, which was over $250), one needs to thank his luck. Unless of course, you're used to paying $500+/ night. But then, if you are one who can afford those rates, what the hell are you doing wasting your time scanning a website for a deal? One last thing - my fault in picking its location. This hotel is nowhere near the hot London scene. So make sure when you book that you're looking for a quiet night, because that is exactly what you'll get.	
Apr 8 2004	Worse than Fawlty Towers	I booked this hotel on the strength of the reviews in TripAdvisor. It was awful. Tne room was tiny...and dusty....and the carpet looked as though it was long overdue for a thorough shampoo and clean. The hotel has no restaurant and the room service menu is very short. We ordered off the room service meno and got a &quot;club&quot; sandwich that was just ordinary ham sandwiches made with rather stale bread, a salad that looked too old and tired for a compost heap, and a Thai chicken and rice that was.......3 small pieces of chicken breast swimming in a pale, watery, almost tasteless sauce. On checking out out, I refused to pay for the room service and they agreed without argument.This is categorically NOT a 4* hotel. It is a so-so B&amp;B that is wildly overpriced.	
Apr 7 2004	The search is over	Thanks to Trip Advisor, after years of searching for the ideal London hotel we have found one that suits us to perfection.From the moment we entered the front door we felt at home. The hotel fitted our requirements in every way, as a couple looking for a well managed boutique hotel in a good location with easy travel links to the centre. We canÂ t wait for our next visit.	
Mar 31 2004	Comfort and quality		
Mar 24 2004	peaceful in little venice.		
Mar 24 2004 	Not Quite As Wonderful As We Were Expecting		
Mar 19 2004	What fantastic staff!!		
Mar 18 2004	Wow!		
Mar 14 2004	so romantic!!!		
Feb 23 2004	What a Gem		
Oct 22 2003	The Colonnade is Perfection!		
Aug 26 2003	My Favorite		
May 30 2003	FANTASTIC!		
Aug 28 2009 	??????		
Nov 29 2007 	Un hotel molto chic		
