Nov 13 2009 	Great location for the price	We also found the London cabbies had trouble finding the apartments, but that was the only downer. Our unit was spacious, clean and comfortable and well equipped. The bathrooms were a little 'tired' but not enought to worry about. Short walk to buses going to Trafalgar Street station, or a walk across the Tower Bridge to a tube, but in an really quiet street. Close to a range of restaurants. We walked to the Globe and the Eye. Will be going back!	
May 12 2009 	Liked The Location	Upon arriving at the Tower Gateway tube stop from Heathrow, got a cab, asked to go to the &quot;London Tower Bridge Apartments (LTBA)&quot;. Found out they don't actually exist, as the cab driver had to confer with another to confirm as to where they were. &quot;London Tower Bridge Apartments'&quot; is an management firm that manage the rental units, owned by people not occupying the unit., in the Circle Apartments complex on Queen Elizabeth Street. So ask to be taken to the &quot;Circle Apartments&quot; if you cab it. First impression, I must admit, was not great and I thought we may have made a mistake. But wait! We had just come in from an 8 hour flight, 2 hours prior at the airport, 2 hour after at the airport and then the tube for an hour. A little maggoty. The next day, the place REALLY grew on us and I have to say it was a great place to stay, that is, if you don't mind a tiny bit of where and tear. If you are used to the Ritz or such, with a flat screen TV, surround sound and pristine amenities, this is not for you. But if you want a roomy, modern, clean APARTMENT with all modern appliances in working order, a comfy bed with clean bedding, comfortable couch and love seat, enough towels, good water pressure, hot water, TV, radio, and, in my opinion, a fantastic location, this might be for you. Just on the edge of the non stop hustle and bustle that is London, with two mini grocers with just about everything you could need within two blocks. And another one, open 24 hours, about 3 blocks away. Two excellent pubs within two or three blocks with great food, The Kings Arms (shout out to Charlie who served us our first pint) and The River Bar (thanks to Ken {Kenneph} the gaffer and Reese, &quot;I'll take my steak well done, thank you&quot;, one of the bartenders), our favorites, and others we didn't get to. Quiet when it needs to be. Had an apartment with a balcony on the second floor that faced the street and you could just about tell what time it was based on the traffic noise, which was part of the charm. Basically none until about 6am where it starts out light and gradually, not a lot, as this is a side street. But there are businesses in the area, the grocers I mentioned, a high end car rental agency (with many very nice cars around including RR, Lambos, Porches, Masaratis and the like), a nice sandwich shop, cleaners, dentist, nice Italian food store, and others. The buildings (which has two entrances, both with a manned desk) is in among many others that look as though the are converted warehouses that are occupied by the above businesses and other apartments/condos. When you arrive, you need go into one of the entrances and tell them you are here for a self catering apartment (the people at the front desks are not affiliated with LTBA). They will call the manager of LTBA, and she will greet you and take you to your apartment. The manager we met was Jennifer. She explained how everything works in the apartment, will answer your questions and she was always available when I called her for whatever reason (an extra towel or roll of toilet paper). And if I left a message for her, she would return my call promptly. Great service. Thanks Jennifer. Always felt safe walking around be it day or night. Close to the Tower bridge, the revitalized docks with beautiful sail boats in harbor , shops and restaurants (St. Katherine Docks) and the Thames Path, about 2 miles I think, to the London Eye, Westminster and Big Ben. And bus stops close by.	
Mar 5 2008 	Perfect base	A haven from the hustle and bustle of London but within a very short stroll to Tower Bridge and London Bridge Tube Station and plenty of bus stops. So perfect location all round. Also next door to trendy restaurants and shops at Butlers Wharf. And walk to Tower of London.Our apartment was a huge 2 bed with a balcony, what a find.We booked through wotif.com so got a great price. Good value. Don't stay in a small hotel room with a family - stay here.	
Aug 22 2007 	A gem	A great location and oh so roomy. All the mod cons of being home but you are on holiday. The location was surprisingly quiet also.  We had a 2 bed 2 bath apartment, although not grandly furnished it is all you need and there was high speed internet, dishwasher, washing machine and cable tv. There are tonnes of restaurants within a 5 min walk so you dont even have to make use of the kitchen. Tower bridge is literaly around the corner and London Bridge train/subway station is within a easy 10 min walk. I would totally reccomend staying here if you want to be in this area of London.	
