Nov 26 2009 	Brilliant Value for Money	Great location on the edge of Hyde Park. Due to the reasonable cost we did not expect the standard to be as high. Rooms were clean, breakfast was more than adequate, and the reception staff were really helpful. Would definitely book here again.	
Nov 15 2009 	great value	This hotel got a great location in Central London. It's steps away from Hyde Park, underground stations (Bayswater or Queensway) and bus stations (just few stops away from Oxford St). I had a single room (No 301) which was quite spacios for London hotel. The renovations were not made long time ago but I would also welcome a new mattress but it was still OK. The toilet was little bit tight for someone tall like me as I had to shift my legs to one side but still managable. The shower was directly in the room what is not very usual solution but that was the last thing bothering me. Maybe it would be welcomed in double rooms as well :))). The room was quite cold bud had an electric heater you can use which is even more preferable I think as you can make it as warm/hot as you like. Hotel serves continental breakfast which will not blow you away but is still better than start your day with empty stomach (toast bread, jam, butter, yogurth, milk, juice, coffee...). If you prefer rich English breakfast once again it's just steps away - round the corner. There is internet machine in the hotel lobby but is quite expensive (1 GBP/20min) as you can find cheaper place just round the corner (1.50 GBP/1 hours) or little bit further to the Bishop's road (1 GBP/90min). There are plenty of spots where you can eat (McDonald, Burger King, Indian/Chinese/Italian/Greek restaurant), supermarkets like Tesco or Spar even 24/7 open Asian market.	
Nov 13 2009 	Good value clean hotel in central location.	The Troy is on the North side of Hyde Park just 2 minutes walk from Queensway tube station. My 5th floor single room was clean, quiet (for London), a decent size and had all I needed - good shower, modern bathroom, comfy bed. Breakfast was more than ample and staf were friendly.	
Aug 15 2009 	Value for money in London	Lovely, clean and good value for money all in a great part of London being very close to Kensington gardens &amp; Hyde park. A couple of reception staff were a bit moody at times and would not acknowledge you unless you spoke first but this didn't put us off staying again. Breakfast was continental and cereal but suffitient, there are a couple of cafes &amp; pub selling full English just round the corner. Only 5-10 mins walk from both Bayswater &amp; Queensway stations. Bayswater high street has everything you need, Fast food, Restaurants, Tesco Express, Banks/ATM, Souvenier shops, Newsagents. We are 2 adults, 1 Child and were given a lovely big room 2nd floor room 203, this had a nice size bathroom with bath/shower over top, air con, fridge, safe, tea &amp; coffee, TV and enough room to move about in and checkout is at 12.00 which can be very handy and they also have luggage store.	
Jul 2 2009 	Over-priced 	I stayed at this hotel with friends last weekend as we were going to Hyde Park Calling.The hotel looks nice from the outside but appearances can be deceptive.We had paid £90 for one double room but when we booked in the receipt showed the room cost as £68. When we queried the (short &amp; rather unhelpful) receptionist we were told that &quot;the price doesn't matter - it's just what the computer says&quot;. We think we were diddled!There is only one lift in the hotel and it is sooooooo slow! It might be the latest technology (touch pad) but it's the only lift &amp; is very slow.For £90 I would expect a room to have air conditioning but no, we just had windows, which were kinda hopeless in this current weather we've got!Breakfast was &quot;continental&quot; but for the money paid I think it should have been a cooked breakfast.All in all I would not recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Jun 21 2009 	A very nice hotel	The Hotel and rooms are ver nicely decorated.I have stayed in other hotels in London in this price catagory but this was by far most the best. It is situated very close to Queensway tube station which is very conveniant. The area is also very good, on the whole a very pleasant hotel.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great Location Poor Service	My husband and I read some decent reviews about this place before we arrived. Unfortunately, the hotel did not meet our expectations. The rooms were dark, the hotel staff were a tad rude, but the location was great. It is a total - no frills hotel, but met our budget constraints. I would not recommend this hotel. There are plenty of other budget friendly places to stay.	
Apr 2 2009 	Worst hotel receptionist ever!! Do NOT give them your business	I had booked 3 nights with the Troy Hotel using Wotif.com. On my arrival I found the receptionist (female with bobbed hair) to be quite short in her manner and certainly not interested in making conversation. Never mind, I was meeting my daughter who is now living in London and I was very excited about catching up with her. After the first night I woke with a lot of bite like marks predominately on my back that were swollen and 'hive' like. I went out with my daughter and although I was uncomfortable there was plenty to be doing that day and I put it behind me. I brought some antihistamine tablets and also some calamine lotion which I applied. I was feeling a little unwell the next night and so opted for an early night while my daughter went out with friends. I had an unsettled sleep and woke regularly waking for the last time at 4am when I was very aware of a lot of swelling around the back of my head and ears.I tried to phone an outside line for doctor but my phone was not working. I went to reception - where I was met by a friendly and helpful night male receptionist who offered to phone a doctor for me. After speaking to the doctor it was decided that I catch a cab to the local hospital to be seen (St Marys Hospital). On arrival at accident and emergency I was examined by the nurse who thought that 'something had been having a great gnaw at me'. I was then referred to a doctor who examined me and advised me that it was 'bed bugs'. He said to move out of my current hotel. Troy Hotel. and that I must throw out clothes that I had worn either to bed or close to my skin over the previous 2 day stay at the Troy. I caught a cab back to hotel where at this time the female receptionist was back on. I calmly explained to her that I had just come back from St Marys Hospital and that I needed to check out because of what the doctor had told me and that I wanted a refund for my unused 3rd night. Not unreasonable I would have thought!! The receptionist got very angry and started yelling, saying that I had no proof, asking where was the blood???, it was very defensive behaviour. I had decided I was moving out whether I got a refund or not - I simply felt very unwell at this stage and was covered in 'hive like' reactions. I phoned wotif who were very helpful. They contacted the receptionist who then offered me another room. I declined, simply because of the way the receptionist had spoken to me, I wanted to leave asap. Before leaving the receptionist told me in no uncertain terms that I would NOT be getting a refund and I told her that she had no customer service skills whatsoever. Her reply was simple. I DO NOT CARE!!. And quite simply - she didn't!! She challenged me that I had even seen a doctor and demanded that I phone the hospital in front of her, which I did but they wouldn't speak to me over the phone about my admission to A &amp;E but said I was able to come in again if I wanted. I had wasted enough of my holiday time already and I felt I didn't need to prove anything to this rude woman anyway. In all my years of travelling I have never come across anyone as rude and abusive as her. Bed bugs aside, they simply do not deserve your business. Wotif have since told me, that they were able to contact the manager and got a refund for my last night, but seeing as there was no proof?? of bed bugs would not be refunding the previous 2 nights.	
Feb 26 2009 	Operate Overbooking Policy or Sheer Incompetence?	On arrival we were informed that despite our booking confirmation they had no room for us &amp; transfered us to a 'dive' across the road. Thoroughly disgusted by their lack of competence &amp; association with a vastly inferior establishment. NB. The above rating refers to the Park Lodge Hotel with which the Troy has an overflow agreement!!	
Jan 25 2009 	good location	Good location, great price, nice and clean, highly recommend	
Oct 18 2008 	No Frills Hotel	Located in between a line of hotels with similar settings. Good stay for those on budget. Price is reasonably cheap. Like the settings near the staircase. Room is relatively small which I reckon it's about the same size for the rest of the hotels around the area. A simple and no frills hotel. Train Station is two street away. The area is slightly more peaceful and a walking distance to hyde park. There are a number of small restaurants around the area as well. Near the train station, there are some bars and mini casino. Had one of the best roast duck ever at this four seasons restaurant. Long wait and don't allow takeaway for roast ducks so you will be left to queue for at least 30 mins for seats.	
Sep 18 2008 	Decent for business stay	My four nights stay was largely OK. Only the last night an airconditioner/cooling fan continuously switched on and off, disturbing my night. (My room was 201)Breakfast is too simple to my taste (No fresh fruit, orange juice of doubtful origin)On the positive side I did get an executive double room (flat screen TV, jacuzzi bath) for a very low rate.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great Hotel near Hyde Park	We had a great experience at the Troy Hotel the last of May. We were especially impressed because when we arrived we were told that our credit card had cancelled our reservation due to a change in credit card numbers because of stolen credit card number a couple months prior. We had forgotten to inform the hotel about this. The lady at the front desk was very understanding and, after a few calls to the head manager, not only honored our reservations but upgraded us to better rooms at the same price. The people were very accommodating and we really enjoyed the breakfast. A great location near the tube and almost literally across from Hyde Park. Would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit London	
May 7 2008 	Well situated Priceworthy	We stayed for 2 nights in the beginning of may, and had a great stay. The staff were helpful and serviceminded. The room was of good size, with a well working bathroom. The location was excellent, with both tube and a bus stop within 2-3 mins walk, with buses towards Picadilly circus leaving every 4 mins. From my point of view the only thing the hotel could improve is the breakfast, which is very basic. I would use the hotel again without any doubt.	
Apr 12 2008	Not a Happy Stay	My wife &amp; I booked for 3 nights, but stayed for 1. We were given room 304,big problems with the shower, shower head could not be located in place as it kept falling down. no hot water from the shower, and water constantley running as it could not be turned off.I reported the problems to the desk the next morning April 9 at 9 am and they said they would tend to my complaint. When i returned at 6 pm i was told the problem had been fixed. On inspection of the shower by me &amp; my wife it was obvious nothing had been touched as the shower head was in the same position as i left it,and water was still running. When i complained to the desk again i felt from the staff attitued that they were not really botherd. so we left that evening.. Laurie &amp; Margaret Sloan. A.K.A. Lord and Lady Kincarvel..	
Mar 21 2008	Feb Stay	Spent a night at this hotel - good value for money. Good location.	
Feb 20 2008 	Average hotel Good location	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Troy Hotel, we booked this hotel after reading many good reviews on this site but unfortunatly a couple of months before we were due to go the bad reviews started to appear. Our first impression of the hotel was great, the outside and foyer was clean and the staff seemed polite and friendly, then we was informed the lift wasn't working, we did have heavy cases but we coped with the 3 floors no problem, although we did wonder what they would of done if one of us was disabled as all the rooms are upstairs. The room was what i would class as very small especially for a double, there was barely enough room to walk around the bed, but again it was very clean and tidy so no real reason to complain, just minor issues like some of the buttons wouldn't work on the tv remote and the '1' on the safe was very worn so wouldn't work either. The bathroom was tiny but clean with plenty of clean towels, one thing i will complain about is the shower, the water wouldn't stay the same temp, one min hot the next cold, and the shower head wouldn't stay up so we had to hold it in one hand and shower with the other. The breakfast was very basic, tea, coffee, orange juice, 3 kinds of cereals, some cheeses, cold croissants, some boiled eggs ( not sure if they was cold) and toast you make yourself, you seat yourself and when we was there there was no wait for a table, altough it was dead quiet, it was like people was scared to talk, you could of heard a pin drop which made the atmosphere slightly awkward, they could do with playing some music or something just to take the edge off the silence.Although we woludn't stay at this hotel again we must say there will be worse hotels in london for the money but there are also far much better.	
Feb 19 2008	Short stay in London during Feb 08	The Troy Hotel London -Bad Points - I was disappointed with this hotel after reading many reviews it did not live upto its expectations. The room was dull with no character, and I remember reading that 1 traveller had stayed in room with dodgy sash window which did not close properly, hence I figured we must have had the same room, as it still hadn't been fixed! We were positioned at the back of the Hotel and the view from the window was of dodgy flats, and the other window was blocked out by a blind as the view was a 'brick wall'. The hairdryer overheated and nearly set on fire, plus it did not reach to the mirror on the dressing table, so doing your hair was a bit hit and miss! Reception replaced hairdryer no problem though! Good Points - the shower was powerfull enough and nice and hot! Bathroom although v small was well stocked towels etc and clean, beds were comfortable. Breakfast was a bit boring although adequate if you like lots of bread rolls! I wouldn't re-book this hotel again nothing special.	
Feb 11 2008	Think twice	Think twice before booking this hotel. I had a room on the fifth floor which was tiny. The shower had no hot water and I couldn't turn it off so it dripped constantly. The tea and coffee making facilities in the room consisted of one tea bag and one sachet of coffee.The breakfast was very basic. The croissants were cold and there was no fruit available. I asked for decaffeinated coffee but was told there wasn't any.On the positive side the hotel is clean but I will certainly never go back there.	
Jan 27 2008 	Beware Beware	Staff were no help at all ,were absolute liers, booked a double room but because they messed up and double booked we had to have 2 singles !!!!!Showers would not work in both rooms and the place didnt know what hot water was....Lift was constantly broke , basement in the morning was smelling of toilets and was impossible to eat any food .... Need i say anymore !!!!!!	
Jan 23 2008 	horrible!!!!!	After planning a romantic weekend in London with my boyfriend we found ourselves sleeping in two single bedrooms! They didn't have our reservation, they told us the manager will be there the next day, which was a LIE, the shower was freezing cold, the 2 bedrooms were on the 5th floor and OF COURSE the lift was broken. And to top it all, they asked for my credit card and on Monday I found they had taken 60 pounds without my permission and I don't know what they expect us to pay. I contacted HOTEL DIRECT, the company I had used to book a room, and I asked for ALL my money back! It was outrageous. Definitely GIVE IT A MISS!!!	
Jan 15 2008 	we will be back	Sarah &amp; Ella We stayed here for the weekend and what a find! Ideally placed for sightseeing and shopping, The staff on reception were very helpful, breakfast was lovely ,nice to have a proper continental breakfast rather than a greasy english.Plenty of hot water and everything worked in our room all in all nothing to complain about,we will be back.	
Dec 2 2007 	Nice Clean Hotel and at a convenient location	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in Nov 2007. We arrived at the hotel at 8.30am in the morning from an early flight and obviously our rooms are not available until after 2 pm. The reception person offered to lock away our bags, freshen up at the ground floor toilets and also told us we can have something to eat downstairs at the hotel breakfast area for free which was very nice.We booked a single and also a double/twin room between the 3 of us plus a baby. The hotel was very clean and the rooms are not bad in size. It is not huge but not that small either. Our double/twin room got upgraded for free to a superior twin and a baby cot provided. The superior room is bigger than the normal single room and have a spa bath and airconditioner for summer. We were there in Autumn/winter and the heating throughout the hotel was excellent.The friend who was staying in the single room did notice water is not passing quick enough in the shower and often it overflows to outside the shower area. Apart from that, no other complaints. We have no such problems in our superior double/twin room.Breakfast was simple but nice. There are Coffee, Tea, 2 types of juices, bread, crossiants, pastries, boiled eggs, cheese, museli, cereals etc. The hotel is located very close to the Queensway metro right on the central line and also close to Bayswater on another line.There are lots of restaurants around bayswater and there is a decent sized shopping complex at bayswater for you to do some shopping and not having to carry it back from the CBD. Considering, price, cleaniess and location. I don't think we can find anything better than the troy hotel in pretty much central London. Both Queensway and Bayswater is within Zone 1 of the metro and we pretty much just buy a zone 1 travel card every day to travel to different sites within london city. The travel card costs 5 GBP and 10 pence per day.However please note to bring/print your hotel confirmation to the hotel. When we checked out my jaw almost dropped when they asked me to pay something double of what I should be paying. Luckily I had all the confirmation printed. I booked the hotel through the hotel website hosted by CentralR.COM. CetnralR.COM have already taken 10% of the overall price as deposit and I should only need to pay the difference. However, again the reception person stuffed it up again. I don't know whether he misinterpret the confirmation or trying to rip me off. He was also going to charge me the 10% deposit again!Anyway the confirmation was in clear writing and I had to point to him to the line where it says $$ have taken out as deposit and leaving $$ owed to the hotel.Anyway sorted out at the end and he only charged what we really owed.	
Sep 6 2007 	excellent value comfortable stay	We stayed here for 3 nights. We booked online (great bargain, about 50 pounds off the posted rack rate). When we arrived, they had the reservation recorded as a single rather than a double, but in just a few minutes they were able to juggle some room assignments and give us a double.The room was your typical London hotel room, just enough room for the furniture, and the bathroom was a closet, but it was clean and comfortable. Breakfast had something for all tastes. The location is great, easy access to Tube and bus lines, plenty of local restaurants and some shopping.We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 25 2007 	This hotel is a real bargain!!	My daughter and I stayed at The Troy in the late summer of 2005 and I can honestly say it was the best deal we came across for accommodations during our trip. THE ROOMS - I will agree that the room we first stayed in (twin beds, no air conditioning at 75GBP/night) was warm (it was August after all) and leaving the window open was less than conducive to a restful night's sleep. However, on the plus side, it was tidy and clean and spacious enough to easily accommodate two adults and all of our luggage. After the first night, we decided to upgrade to an airconditioned executive room for an additional 15GBP for a total of 90 GBP/night. The room was not only large by European standards, but also had room for a desk, sofa, table and chairs, large TV, as well as a closet area off to one side with an in-room safe and space to store your luggage. The bathroom was clean and modern and even had a jacuzzi tub. All in all, the room was more than comfortable and a real pleasure to come back to at the end of the day. Friends of our's have stayed at an upscale hotel in the Mayfair district which was extremely cramped, had a closet for a bathroom and no breakfast for over 200 pounds/night. THE BREAKFAST - will agree that the breakfast was pretty basic, but it covered all of the essential food groups which was all we needed. Most hotel's idea of a continental breakfast is a pastry, a cup of coffee and that's it! If you're looking for a full English breakfast (with sausage, bacon, baked beans and the rest) then you'll have to get it somewhere else.THE STAFF - The hotel was either owned or being run (maybe even both) by Arabs so yes, maybe the staff was not as talkative as the locals, but they were polite and we had no trouble making ourselves understood. LOCATION: Great! Within easy walking distance of a variety of restaurants, pubs, convenience stores, drugstores, grocers and three tube stations (Bayswater, Lancaster Gate and Queensway). It's also within one block of beautiful Hyde Park.COMPARISONS: Stayed at another hotel in London called The Luna &amp; Simone for one night at a cost of 80GBP (only 10 less than what we paid for the executive room at The Troy). The only good thing about it was the full English breakfast. The room was small and very basic (needless to say no air conditioning - just a rickety fan mounted on the wall that made so much noise we had to shut it off and suffer in the heat. Complained to staff, but problem went unresolved.). Location was quite a trek from everything. And don't even get me started on the room we had in Paris. What a nightmare that was! Noisy, cramped (we were literally tripping over our luggage) and stifling to boot. The bathroom was so small that I had trouble closing the door behind me!! The room which cost 96 EURO/night with no breakfast made our stay so unpleasant, that we ended up leaving Paris early, went back to London and stayed at The Troy so we could enjoy the rest of our vacation in comfort.SUMMARY: The Troy definitely delivered more for the money than the other hotels. We would definitely stay there again. By the way, we booked through Worldby.com. Check it out. We found this to be one of the best websites for booking accommodations - what you see is what you get!	
Aug 24 2007 	Quaint room excellent location helpful staff	I took my daughter for her summer holiday to England and I booked the Troy after reading the reviews on Travel Advisor. I should have picked excellent, because for the price it was actually more than I expected. The room was very clean and newly redone, bathroom updated...granted both were small. But we were on the 5th floor room #508, cozy and happy as we could be. I thought there would be alot of noise since we were right off Hyde Park, but it was lovely and quite. The tube is only 1 1/2 blocks away, and there are plenty of good affordable places to eat within blocks, and plenty of shopping. Also easy access to the tour busses leaving from The Marble Arche. Breakfast was nicely presented in a newly decorated breakfast area with hard boiled eggs, cheese, cereal, toast etc. so more than enough to get your day started. I've kept the business card and remembered my room number, would not hesitate to stay again. Overall great hotel, very helpful staff and very easy to learn your way around from this location. PS. the room also had a safe, good storage,a small fridge, and a hair dryer.	
Aug 17 2007 	okay but be careful of phone charges	Hotel was okay, nothing special. I stayed at this hotel 30 years ago when it was called the Trevos--I liked it better back then.We were in a bus accident our first day in London and asked for the hotel doctor and was told that he would not even come up to our room without paying him over $200.00 in cash. None of the staff was English--which is okay, but I think a hotellike the Troy should at least hire English Speaking people.The only time they understood us was when we ordered acab to pick us up and take us to the airport--then they hired afriend--very odd but nice car.Breakfast was terrible, cottage cheese, bread and beans.	
Aug 6 2007 	Good value hotel however very hot rooms!!	We stayed at the hotel troy for 3 nights in August 07. The rooms were clean and basic and in good condition. The bathroom was also clean - but the shower was quite small. The rooms were equipped with free wireless access and tea &amp; coffee and tv. The major downside was the heat in the hotel. The room was unbearably hot - so it made sleeping at night very hard. We did stay in the hotel during summer, but we found it cooler outside than in the room. The heat hit you as soon as you walked out the lift. We stayed on the top floor and strangely, there were steps leading up to the roof - but there was no door - it was just cardboarded up!The hotel is in a brilliant location and is therefore good value for money.	
Jun 27 2007 	Car parking!!	Stayed in this hotel during a weekend away with friends as we were going to see a gig at Wembley and wanted a hotel at reasonable price and near the Centre.Overall i thought the hotel was really good. Nice and clean, although the rooms were a bit warm. Staff were friendly.Only problem we had was with the parking. We were told by the receptionist that it was fine to park on the single yellow lines outside the hotel on Sat/ Sun, but we would have to buy a ticket from the meter for the Monday. we asked whether we would have to move the car from the yellow lines into a parking bay and were told that these were only for residents with permits and that we would be ok on the lines. (the instructions also werent very clear on the parking meters re the parking bays). Turns out that we did have to move the car but we only discovered this after the car picked up a parking fine and was lifted off to the compound. Not sure whether it was naivety on our part, but it wasnt the perfect way to end a weekend away, and maybe the hotel could give more accurate information on the parking system in the future.	
Mar 4 2007 	Never Stay Here!	I found out about Troy Hotel 2 years ago through using tripadvisor. My 1st stay in June 2006 was great. It lived upto my expectations and was great!So I returned in Nov 2007 for another trip to London. It was horrible! There was unbelievably loud music coming through the walls shared with the night club next door until 4 or 5 am; on-site staff did nothing to stop the noise because they feared for their safety; management was non-existent; and, to top it off, the heating was way too high and we could not adjust it so we opened our window only to hear the rain hit against the broken gutter outside of our window. And we even paid extra for the executive level room!On the Friday night of our stay, we returned to our room to hear loud music coming through the walls. We complained to the front desk and was assured that it would stop at midnight. He lied. It did...for about half an hour. Then it started up again and continued for several hours. It was so loud that I could understand the words to the songs being played! When we went down to complain to the front desk, he stated that the consulate/business rented out space for a night club at night and they were never really sure when the club would be open and close. The employee refused to contact the neighbors because he had been physically threatened when trying before. He also refused to call the police. And the hotel was full so we could not change rooms.On top of it, after the music finally stopped at 4 or 5 am, it was SO hot that we opened the window and could not sleep due to the rain hitting the broken gutter outside our window.We mentioned all of this to the front desk person the next day (different person) and we told her we would not pay for that night and that we wanted to be transferred to another room and that we were trying to find another hotel. She said she had no authority to credit us for the room and that the manager was not around. We ended up not being able to find another hotel and having to stay in a room on the other side of the building. We refused to pay for the Friday night stay, but the manager did not work until Sunday afternoon, so we could not resolve this before our plane left. In the end, after sending various letters and e-mails to management, we ended up having to pay for the night's stay and had management stating that there was nothing they could do to solve the problems with their neighbors. She would not even go next door and speak with their management!I feel it was completely unethical to allow for these conditions to continue knowingly at a hotel. I also think it is completely unacceptable that no on-site management was on-site or willing to come on-site during the weekend. I would think that they should at least be there on Sunday for check-out! I think this is important to post because these conditions are probably continuing to happen at Troy Hotel since they refused to solve the music noise issue or even the broken gutter.I will admit that the front desk staff on Saturday morning (2 women) was as helpful as they could be and that the room we moved to was nice and quiet, but management should not continue to get away with this poor treatment towards their customers (and their staff).	
Jan 21 2007 	Weekend trip London	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights: 14/15th of December. Already visisted London many times and always have trouble finding a decently priced hotel. This time we found a excellent hotel. Prices were reasonable. Rooms are nice and clean. They have been recently redecorated, so all relatively new. Bathroom was a bit small, especially the shower was like a box. Almost no room to stretch and wash feet. Breakfast was basic, but in order.Location is excellent. Hotel is in side street off Bayswater Road with buses stopping very near. Bus takes you easily into Oxford Street, Piccadilly etc. Subway is 4 minutes stroll.If you are planning to spend all your time in the city and use the room mainly to sleep and change close, than than this is definitely the place to be. Good value for money !!	
Oct 17 2006 	We were Deffo stay here again!	We were originally booked into another hotel, but when we got there they had problems with blocked toilets, so they booked us into the Troy - we got upgraded from a 2 star to a 3 star hotel! - We had no complaints, the rooms were spotless, fresh clean towels every day, breakfast, plenty of it. We enjoyed staying there that we have booked to go back in December, the staff were very friendly too.	
Oct 10 2006 	Was A-OK	I needed a quick place to stay on a layover home, just 1 night, and the Hotel Desk at Heathrow booked me here. The location is good, seems a lot of hotels are in this area (Bayswater/Queensway) near Hyde Park.I am not a fan of flowerd decor and actually have a low tolerance to it... so the bedding was not to my taste. The bathroom was very very nice and quite comparable to Americana Standards. I would say the bathroom was the highlite of this accomodation. Granite, marble, well lit, new and probably an entire 40 sq. feet.The room had a nice window, but overall there was a smell in the room that I could not air-out. The linens were nice and clean.There is a non-staffed instant coffee bar in the lobby, rather un-impressive.	
Jul 4 2006	Will stay here again and recommend to friends	Spotless rooms and helpful friendly staff. Breakfast basic but plenty of it. Brilliant location with lots of bars and restaurants nearby. Very handy for the tube. We will stay here again on our next visit to London and recommend to ffriends.	
Feb 26 2006	very good quality price	We stayed my husband and myself at the Troy hotel for our 40 years wedding anniversary and we had a wonderful stay. The staff was more than helpfull and very friendly, the rooms are very nice and confortable. We will definitively come back to the Troy hotel.	
Dec 13 2005	Nice Hotel Recommend It !!	I do not agree with the previous reviews saying that the hotel is not a place to stay. If you were travelling to London that much you will know that the Troy hotel is offering a good quality hotel at a reasonnable price.Very nice and cosy hotel. rooms are very cleaned and the staff is extremly helpfull. I will definitively come back to the Troy hotel and do recommend it to everyone.	
Sep 20 2005	Okay but not great	We were transferred here after another hotel overbooked our room. It was okay, but it was not clean -- it was musty smelling and my friend had to buy more kleenexes the next morning ... she was not the only one sneezing and coughing. On a positive note, the staff was nice and very responsive to requests. Personally, I thought it was acceptable but would recommend staying at a 4 star hotel if this is representative of the 3 star hotels...	
Sep 7 2005	diappointed	We were very diappointed with the Troy Hotel, other than the location there is nothing good to say about the Hotel. Our room was the smallest room we have ever stayed in(we have been to Japan 5 times), we couldn't open our suitcase without putting it on the bed. The mattress was very old, the bathroom was very small and only had a shower, no tub, the light by the bed had no bulb. When we went down for a very plain breakfast the staff didn't say a word not even a good morning. We asked at the front desk about getting to the airport, we were told the best way was the shuttle bus, that was a big mistake, as it turned out at 4:30 am the taxi would have been cheaper and much faster.	
May 1 2005	Good hotel but fix the hot water!	A comfortable, clean and quiet hotel in a great location just off Bayswater Road, close to buses and tube. Breakfast OK but basic. Reception staff polite and efficient but a number of other staff could not communicate in even basic English. Main criticism is the lack of sufficient hot water. You needed to get up reasonably early to get a hot shower and this is not acceptable. I heard other guests complain about the same problem and the response at Reception was &quot;if you ran out of hot water, then everyone else did too&quot;. Not good enough for a hotel in this price category.Would possibly stay here again but do something about the hot water!	
Apr 17 2005 	never choose this hotel again	I travel often and stay in hotels for two to three months every year. I have to say that this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.I stayed in a single room in this hotel and almost checked out in the middle of my stay. Here are the problems:1. The noiseI could hear every movement in my neighbor room. The floor creaked whenever my neighbor walked in his/her room. 2. The size of the showerThe size for the shower room is half a square meter. Once I dropped the soap on the floor and I could not bend to pick it up. 3. The toiletI had to flush 5 times every time I used the toilet because there was so little water coming out. I won't choose this hotel any more.	
Nov 21 2004	LOVED IT!	Stayed in in single room for 1 night - and I must say : I loved it! Really great value and an great location. The rooms are all newly renovated and above what you would expect for that price ( 50 pounds a night/single). You can also book jacuzzi-rooms.The breakfast is included - basic but OK!The hotel is about 2 min. from Queensway station. 20 min walk from Oxford Street, 7 min. walk to Whiteleys - all in all a great area!Booked through londonby.The hotels site is: -----Will definitely stay here again - better value is hard to find!	
Nov 21 2004	Perfecto		
Sep 15 2009 	Un bon rapport qualité/prix		
Aug 28 2009 	Touristen-Hotel mit ordentlichem Standard		
Jun 7 2009 	Bastante correcto para lo que es Londres		
Apr 29 2009 	bel b		
Apr 21 2009 	Calme confort et décor délicieusement british au bord de Hyde Park		
Mar 28 2009	perfetta la posizione ma qualche sorriso non dispiacerebbe		
Nov 17 2008 	Hôtel sérieux		
Oct 15 2008 	indecente		
Sep 29 2008 	Para ser Londres hotel notable		
Aug 18 2008 	très bon hôtel		
Jul 31 2008 	bon confort et bien situé pour un prix abordable		
Dec 14 2006	Bon rapport qualité / prix		
