Sep 26 2009 	Look no further	We have been visiting London for many years fom South Africa, and after a few false starts founds this self catering gem in Kensington, and we now stay nowhere else. Wonderful location just off Kensington High Street and close to Kensington Gardens; beautifully appointed and comprehensively equipped; friendly and unfailingly attentive service. What more could one ask for? It will not appeal to those searching high and low for bargain basement pricing in the centre of London, or trying to scrape another 5 or 10 pounds off the daily rate, but for what you pay you will find no better value in London.	
Sep 8 2009 	Almost home from home	We stayed for 2 nights and were completely satisfied with 51 Kensington Court. We usually stay in 4 star hotels and are extremely fussy, so it was a very pleasant surprise to find such an excellent alternative. We found it very relaxing, due in no small part to the very warm and genuine welcome from the staff. The room was a good size with very comfortable and clean furniture of good quality, as were the fittings in bathroom and kitchen . Cleaning was of a high standard. We will definitely be returning and urge others who want a quiet, very good location (High St. Kensington station approx. 4-5 minutes away) to choose this venue.	
Aug 16 2009 	Great caring staff and fantastic location for the delights of the London West End	Staff at this serviced apartment are terrific. In fact, we felt like we were staying in our own home, we were made that welcome. Rooms are very homely and tastefully decorated. We had no problems staying with kids, they were made as welcome as all (we have 3 small ones). The location of the apartment is absolutely perfect for High Street Kensington, Hyde Park and gives easy and quick access to the rest of the West End of London. Perfectly situated around the corner from a lovely Cote &quot;Parisian style&quot; cafe, for those who need a freshly baked croissant and espresso in order to get going every morning.	
Nov 5 2008 	Outstanding Accomodation 	This is an outstanding property. My wife and I stayed for a total of 14 days and didn't have one complaint. We rented a superior studio (No.2) which is quiet and very comfortable with queen bed, sofa and lounge chair, table with four chairs for meals and a flat screen TV. The kitchenette was clean and functional with micro wave and electric hot plate which suited us as we only had breakfast in the flat. The bathroom has a shower over bath which is normal for the UK, but plenty of water and pressure. No problems with the laundry which is equiped with washing machine and dryer. The girls on the front desk were extremely helpful and polite, the cleaning staff also did a great job making up our room every day (except Sundays).This is a very good location with some good restaraunts, convienience stores and general shopping close by. Kensington Park is across the road and great for a daily walk. The High Street Kensington tube is less than a 10min walk.Anne &amp; Jamie Australia	
Aug 7 2008 	Outstanding	51 Kensington is outstanding. Great value (if such a thing exists in London). The location is superb; one block from the Tube on the District Line and a stone's throw from Hyde Park. Service is responsive and extremely pleasant. Apartments were clean, sizable and serviced daily. We stayed there with 3 kids and felt extremely comfortable, so much so that we went back at the end of our trip. No doubt that this is where our family will stay when we (hopefully) go back to London.	
Jul 4 2008 	By far the best place to stay in London	We have just arrived home after spending a wonderful few days at Kensington Court, and will certainly be recommending it to all our friends and colleagues. It was so relaxing and peaceful – the most restful time I have ever spent in London, it is an oasis.	
Mar 24 2008 	The best in serviced apartments that London has to offer	If you looking for luxury, quality and refined hospitality you should look no further than 51 Kensington Court. I have had the distinct pleasure of staying there on numerous occasions and have found the flats to be well maintained, comfortable and the staff to be extremely courteous.The building is located within a beautiful tree lined courtyard which also home to several embassies, so you know that security is tight,and being a completely residential area it also quiet. The flats are bright and airy with modern kitchen and bath fittings.The decor is simple yet dignified and all the apartments have their own phone with private number, sateliite televison, and are wired for internet access. Whether you are on a few days holiday or a lenghty business stay such as myself you will feel right at home here. The location is superb for getting in ,out and around London with easy access to two tube stations and numerous buses right on the high street. Shopping is also easy as all the best in high street shops are practically on your doorstep. You can easily get the latest fashions,gifts for those at home stamps for your postcards and do your grocery shopping all in one go. The staff are only to happy to help with arrangements for taxis, dinner reservations as well as provide maps and information regarding all major tourist attractions. So the next time you are planning an excursion to London please consider 51, I guarantee you wil not be disappointed.	
Mar 24 2008 	Superior  Spotless on Budget - Fantastic Place- Loved Kensington Court	We recently stayed in a 4* deluxe London hotel overlooking the park and whilst the hotel was OK, we were hugely disappointed with the size of the room – it was tiny – for the amount of money we had paid. As we needed to extend our stay by a few days we decided to search the internet for other options. We viewed several other hotels but all the rooms within our budget (£200) were small and nothing special. Our final option to consider was a serviced apartment at 51 Kensington Court. The size and quality of the two studios we viewed were far superior to everything else we had seen within our budget, it was also spotlessly clean and in a great location. So we booked a superior studio and had a great stay. We also found all the staff to be charming and will most definitely be returning on all future visits to London.	
Sep 25 2007 	Do not Stay here...	I called 51 Kensington Court directly to book 10 rooms for 10 Senior Managers that were due to go on a corporate trip. Before I even had a chance to tell &quot;Mrs Nayson&quot; the reason for my call, she said &quot;NO... we are not interested, do not call again!&quot; She has such a bad attitude and absolutely terrible manor, I would not advise anybody to stay here, judging by &quot;Ms Naysons&quot; standards.	
Mar 6 2007	Totally Awesome Serviced Apartment!	My wife and I have stayed at the 51 Kensington Court serviced apartments five times in the past seven years. As my headline says, it is &quot;totally awesome.&quot; We keep on coming back because we are made to feel so welcome and the quality of the accommodations is so terrific. Before I write more about the property, let me stress that the location is terrific -- so close to Kensington High Street, Kensington Gardens, and easy to get to Harrods (always important!).The rooms at 51 Kensington Court have all been renovated over the past couple of years. The carpet, furniture, bathroom fixtures, etc. are all new and very tastefully done. Each room has a bit of a different feel to it. We have stayed in at least three or four different ones and enjoyed each one for its own reasons. The kitchens are fully equipped with not only dishes, cutlery, glasses, etc., but also key appliances such as toaster, microwave, electric kettle, etc. It is truly a luxurious kitchen that (although a bit small) certainly contains everything you would ever need in a kitchen when you were staying in London for a few days or more. Perfect for anyone who is looking to save money by minimizing eating out in restaurants. Also, the free washing and drying machines on the top floor have been a lifesaver over the years. The fact that those machines are free and open 24 hours a day is huge to anyone staying in London for more than three or four days.Most importantly, the staff are simply fabulous. More than once, they have met us at 11pm to let us into the apartments when we have arrived late on the plane from the U.S. without a room key. They have also gone shopping for us at Marks &amp; Spencer in advance of our arrival so that we arrived with a fully stocked fridge. This is the kind of hospitality you can expect if you choose to stay at the 51 Kensington Court serviced apartments.I cannot recommend this property highly enough -- especially for families who are intending to stay in London for longer than a few days. For the same money, or less, than you would pay for a nice hotel in London, you get an entire furnished apartment! For families with small kids, this is the best solution to London's high-priced hotels and restaurants.	
Oct 6 2006 	Location location location!	I was amazed to see only 1 review for 51 Kensington - so although it is a while since we stayed there - feel I should stand up for it - though it is always so booked out, it does not really need my advertisement! My husband and I and our children have stayed at 51 about 6 times over the years on our trips to London and have never been disappointed! The location is absolutely amazing - in a really quiet avenue, one street behind High St Kensington (almost across the road from the Palace and the gardens). It is an easy walk to the nearest tube which is High St. Kensington and the walk there is past all the major high street stores - so forget about Oxford St. and go there! It's a few blocks from M&amp;S food store where we found it easy to pop in and buy supper on nights we wanted to eat in. It's 5 minutes' walk from Kensington Park - where we have had many a wonderful picnic on warm London days! A few doors down from 51 is a delightful pedestrian alley way which links you with High St Ken and in this alley are 3 truly great restaurants. One of them in particular has had the same owner all the years we have been going there! When we first stayed there in the 90's the appartments were all newly-decorated and I see that they are re-doing them but they are still very decent. If you look on the 51 website you will see 'photos of all the interiors so you can choose the style that appeals to you. We have stayed in the studio (near the front door) and also the 1 and 2 bedroomed flats - but never the basement (staying below street level doesn't appeal!) The studio flat on the ground level near the front door is noisy because from it you hear people walking by and chatting and there is also the noise of the front door closing. The best ones are upstairs - above the street chatter and the last one we were in had a tiny balcony so we could watch passers-by. They are serviced daily and the bathrooms have towel warmers and fresh towels every day. The kitchenettes in the ones we have stayed in were absolutely adequate and we have cooked some fine meals and even had guests to dinner there! The reception staff are always friendly - although they seem to change often - but the cleaning lady whose name is Fatima has been there every time we have been and what wonderful person she is! You truly can't beat this location!	
Nov 30 2004	Kensington Court Apartments	We were a little worried about some dated reviews of these flats but it was not nearly as bad as described. Furniture was a bit worn and rugs could have used some cleaning but for a flat it fit our family of 4 pretty well. Manager made every effort to accomodate us. Close to tube and shops, as well as Kensington Palace. Very nice upscale neighborhood.	
