Nov 21 2009 	I almost didn't stay here glad I did.	The reviews stating that the hotel was loud and that there was a night club open until 2 am almost detered me from booking this hotel... We stayed in a double standard. There was no night club within a few blocks and for the most part the room was very quiet. After 9am on weekdays there were school kids playing in the school yard behind the hotel. I don't think there are many better locations in London! Close subway access, many attractions, restraunts within walking distance. The rooms are small but clean and well decorated, as with most down town hotels in Europe. Service staff were average. Quaint, relaxing restraunt in the hotel. If you are a person that spends more time out of the room seeing the city and doing things this is a great hotel. If you plan on spending a lot of time at the hotel (ie with kids) I wouldn't recomend it. I probably would not pay full price as that may be a bit much. We recieved a great deal through expedia.	
Nov 21 2009 	Shocking Service	I don't like writing bad reviews so this will be brief. I booked through the internet at a competitive rate but had I been paying the normal rate I should have been furious. My main complainmt was the poor service at Reception. The staff just had no time to speak to you and there were several complains during my four day stay. The rooms was very small and the cost of wi-fi very expensive. The receptionist told me to go to a cafe for free wifi! A Russian Friend of mine arrived to see me and was told by the receptionist that she had no time to speak to him	
Nov 14 2009 	Not a 4 star	First of all I would not class this hotel as 4 star. Have stayed in better budget hotels. The room was very basic and some of the doors on the furniture where damaged and it would take little to fix them. Beds are old and lumpy. A portable aircon in the room with the ducting running along the floor and out the window. The bathroom was old but clean. Had a number of broken tiles and the bath was stained from long term use. I did not have any of the problems from previously reported noise from a night club but the hotel seems to have rooms across the road and the problem may be over there. Wifi cost €15 per day and signal was very poor. The bar was in the corner of the small reception and it was not a full bar. The only positive thing about this hotel is its location. Lovely area with plenty of restaurants and close to some tourist attractions and a underground station.	
Nov 12 2009 	Like a room at Grandma's in a perfect location	I selected this location because it was close to my daughter's flat, but it had added benefits, because it was a terrific location in South Kensington. Close to 2 tube stops and 2 fabulous museums, and delicious restaurants and pubs---all an easy and pleasant walk.Yes, of course the room was small, but no smaller than I expected for a single. Being on the top floor (4), and in the back I could see the London eye from my window and felt a bit like an aspiring writer or artist, tucked away in the corner of a rooming house.The room was quite cozy, even though a little bit tattered, like you might find in the home of your sight challenged grandmother. The lobby had a homey feel and employees helpful.	
Nov 11 2009 	Welcome to faulty towers	Terible, Arrived, and the receptionist didn't speak sufficient english to understand what i was asking her. I went to the room only to find the bathroom and room was freezing cold . I phoned down do ask if the heater in the bathroom was working or not. 5 minutes later &quot;Manuel &quot; turned up and turned the bathroom heater on ( why it was turned off when the room was booked i don't know). I phoned again down to reception to ask if i could move room as it was late and needed to shower and i didn't want to wait 40 minutes until the bathroom was hot as i needed to get up at 06:00 in the morning . the receptionist said she would ask her manager and get back to me. after 30 minutes i phoned down to receptionagain to ask if i was moving room or not !!!!!!! she replied to me that i could . 2 minutes later &quot;Manuel&quot; turned up again and asked if the room was now ok..........i explained that i was going to move room but he said that it would be the same in the other rooms as the heaters in the other rooms would also be turned off !!!!!!!!!Also the bed cover was filthy. and on top of that the next day there was total confusion as to whether the room had already been paid for or not ( my secretary had already paid for the room with the company credit card) one of the members of staff said it was paid and his colleague said it was not!!!!!! nobody knew until 09:00 as the reservation office was the one dealing with this . what a waste of 190 pounds sterling ( without breakfast )I wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy	
Oct 27 2009 	It is a low grade dump	Arrived in heavy traffic and my wife and I struggled from the busy traffic with bags, and on entering the foyer, discovered we were being watched by a male &quot;butler&quot;, who looked like he was unable to move, and certainly gave no offer of assistance. To get upstairs to the room we used the so-called lift (I have seen bigger &quot;dumb waiters), I found it wasn't big enough for two people and two not-so-large suitcases. Next came the room. Admittedly it was clean, but small. The is no bar fridge, and the bed!!!!!!! was so uncomfortable and hard, I could not get much sleep. The only thing going for this dump is it's location. Why did I choose to stay there?? - it was recommended by the travel agent who will also get a copy of this review. The rest of the staff, with the exception of the immobile male butler, were friendly and helpful - and also I think a little embarrased with their surrounds.Incredibly expensive internet charges!!!	
Sep 16 2009 	Survivable if you know what to expect	We were at the rear of the hotel in room 107, so the noise from the night club was just annoying rather than impossible (we had read previous reviews so we had brought ear plugs!) The room was cramped and tiny as you would expect, not very clean and with broken fittings here and there. The bathroom was bolted on to the room in a kind of two-step-up extension looking out onto the central shaft, not a pretty sight, and right next to the noisy main air conditioning unit for the hotel. Yet more noise came from the lift, which is basically situated in a cupboard in this room. The room would be not nearly as bad for somebody who was deaf, but even they would find the squishy lumpy beds a bit unpleasant. We booked here because we could check in early (1200), as we needed to change for a wedding. But when we arrived, we were told we couldn't - room not ready. So don't necessarily believe that claim of 1200 check-in. We paid £149 including breakfast, booking through Travel Republic, which was about 30% cheaper than booking direct or through most other websites.	
Sep 13 2009 	Hotel in London with a good value for money.	I certainly would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London for business purposes or leisure. Tiny but clean rooms and very good service. Great location - next to the Museum of Natural History and The Royal Albert Hall.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice Hotel - Nice Price	Stayed at The Gainsborough last weekend, and having read some of the reviews below I have to admit I was slightly worried about what I would find when I arrived. The service on check in was good - there was another guest at the desk as we arrived so were shown to some seats and within a few minutes were checking in. Went up to our triple room (1 double and 2 singles) which was clean and well presented. The room was a nice size, and could be partitioned off into two separate bedrooms which was useful. The only thing that was lacking in the room itself was tea and coffee making facilities, but there was room service so that really wasn't a problem. Aside from this, the only actual issue we had was that the shower wasn't all that good, it did work - just wasn't ideal. As mentioned in a previous review, there is a nightclub close to the hotel, and yes, there was some noise from it, but to be frank it really wasn't enough to keep any of us awake - light sleepers included. Probably worth bearing in mind that we stayed on a Saturday night, I'm guessing the club wouldn't be open every night in the week.We knew we'd be returning to the hotel late, so were concerned about the distance between the hotel and the nearest tube (South Kensington). It was literally 5 minutes walk, not a problem at all.The breakfast in the morning was great, either full English or Continental. All your usual juices, cereals, rolls, crossiants, fruit etc etc. I think the breakfast was available until 11.00am. Checked out of The Gainsborough at around 11.00am and left our luggage behind reception until 7.00pm that night - was great and so convenient as we didn't want to have to carry our bags around the capital all day!! Thought it may be useful to add this to the review: To get to the hotel from the tube station, head up Harrington Road, and Queensberry Place is the second road on the right (turn at the French bookshop) - the hotel itself is about half way along, also on the right. As I said, literally 5 minutes away.All in all, a great hotel which I'd happily recommend based on our stay.	
Jul 13 2009 	All in a first class!!!!	We stayed here for 3 nights &amp; had a lovely time. We were well looked after by all the staff we met,they were unbelievable--helpful, kind, thoughtful, but discreet at all times. We stayed 1 night in the standard double &amp; we chose to upgrade ourselves to the deluxedouble for the 2/3rd nights (very nice) for a small price. To be honest the room was larger &amp; at the back of the hotel, but both were wonderfully comfortable &amp; charming although there is a night club just below the hotel that makes some noises just till 1PM.We enjoyed the freedom of making our own coffee/tea when we wanted, &amp; also having the luxury of such good service &amp; help from the staff when needed. We thought the location was great, near enough to access all the sights.	
Jul 9 2009 	Thanks to the Gainsborough Hotel	I booked this hotel very last minute as it looked gorgeous on the website and I was not disappointed. As soon as you hit the door everyone is helpful and trying to meet your every need. All public areas are stylish but my room was a bit small comparing with the Italian standards. Bathroom was lovely with raindance shower. The roomservice provided a better value for the price. Unfortunately I did not have time for breakfast, which looked delicious. This hotel was really nice &amp; I would definitely recommend it.	
Jul 8 2009 	The Gainsborough hotel london	I long weekend away with my friends.Very very pleased with hotel, small but very clean.hotel staff very helpful.reception staff very helpful they provided transport maps and advised on transport linkshotel 5 minutes from the tube station (green, yellow or blue line).There is no restaurant but the continental buffet breakfast is very yummy with a wide selection of food.I will definitely go back.	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice place good price	London is expensive - so value for money is tough to judge. However, our (twin) room was quite small, but larger than usual for London standards. Price was a little lower than average.Worth noting that the hotel breakfast (when included) is well worth having, not only is it compreensive, fresh and tasty, but also is served until 11:30am at weekends and 10:30 weekdays, so it's very relaxed and not just aimed at the business clientele.South Kensington tube station is only 5 minutes far. If I go again to London I will go again in the same hotel with closed eyes.	
Jun 16 2009 	My favourite hotel	My husband and I stayed at Hotel le Six for six nights in May, and we had such a marvellous time at this charming, modern boutique hotel. The staff was warm and welcoming. The location is amazing, as there are three different metro lines within a couple blocks. We booked on the internet, and the rate we paid was excellent, when compared with the rack rate. We would stay here again without reservation, and hope we get the chance to do so. . We paid extra for a very good breakfast, with plenty to choose from - warm pastries, cereals, yoghurts - to a full English breakfast - and as much as you wanted in terms of juice and coffee. A perfect choice!	
Jun 7 2009 	Don't stay here!!!!	Owner is from India and treat customers with superior attitude.Secondly the laud music is coming form the night club which is just down right to the hotel main antrance and in spite of many complaints the owner does nothing to prevent this unsocial hours entertainmant simply because he knows the owner of the club who pays him money to keep quite.But believe me even deaf person would not sustain the noice -it is such enormous.Moreover staff is non speaking English and it is normal partially but to have the manager of the reception berely speaking English girl???Overally service people are like don't like you and are waiting for you to leave the place as fast as possible.Not for people who wnat to have a nice stay in the metropolitan city.	
Apr 22 2009 	Do not stay at this hotel!!!!!!	I agree with the below review. I stayed one night at this hotel and was kept awake by booming dance music until 3AM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!How dare they charge these prices for this. How dare Last minute advertise this hotel without any warning.[--]!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 19 2009 	NIGHTCLUB AND NO SOUND PROOFING - DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!	We had a truly awful night staying here. There is a nightclub in the basement of the hotel and no sound proofing. It was so bad that we were kept awake until 2am when the club closed. Local residents have also complained because of the noise. The earlier reviews on this site do not include comments about noise because the club was not open then! If you want a good nights sleep in London, STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!! When we called reception at 1.30am to complain we were told there was nothing they could do. We left two nights early and stayed elsewhere which was quiet, clean, modern and had excellent service - the direct opposite of the Gainsborough. If you are reading this and thinking, I might still stay there - DON'T!!! There are plenty of nice hotels in London and this is neither nice nor cheap.	
Mar 1 2009 	Its a nightmare 4 fires not stars	I give this pension 1 star not even that. Rooms are to small and old, many without windows in the cellar.Internet wireless was not working and still charging 15 Pounds /24h, Breakfast andEmployees unprofessional. Hole hotel was like a dump. Don’t order Taxi from hotel , Expensive strange cars don’t think it was a taxi. It made me and my family really scared. Its really far from center, Dont go here PLEASE!!!!	
Feb 17 2009 	They lost my flowers!	Having travelled all over for work, I had some expectation that a hotel can accept deliveries and convey them to the guest. While I was gone, my bf had arranged for flowers to be delivered, and asked me to check for &quot;messages&quot;, which I did on each of the nights I stayed there. On the last night, he told me that they were flowers - I spent the next morning tracking down the flower delivery guy who confirmed they were delivered on the second day of my stay! The hotel apologized and said they didn't know who accepted them, and they had lost them. It took three trips to the front desk, a letter, and two emails before anything happened! While the location is unbeatable, there is no way I would stay with this hotel again. The rooms weren't even cleaned each day (they folded the sheets during the stay, but it was obvious they didn't clean them!). They ignored a &quot;do not disturb&quot; to wake up my friend from her nap to &quot;deliver a small bottle of wine on the house&quot; I was sorely disappointed in the service (except the Reception Manager, but she doesn't work all the time). Doesn't change the fact that I missed on a very beautiful bouquet of flowers that my bf went out of his way to order!	
Jan 17 2009 	Glad to be rid	I was obliged to stay at the Gainsborough several times a year for the last two years, since its sister hotel The Willett closed down, on business trips. I never had any problems with noise, and thought the breakfast, particularly the cooked to order English, was good. The rest of it, however, became increasingly unacceptable. The rooms are small, frequently shabby, dusty, poorly lit and in need of renovation particularly the bathrooms. There were frequent problems with heating, broken fitments (including a shower lever whose knob was missing leaving a dangerous sharp point), blown light bulbs, failure of internet access for which £15 was charged, etc. The staff are all young and from abroad, usually well meaning but ineffectual. The bar is a joke - virtually nothing is available to drink. On ordering a snack from the extremely basic and limited menu I have been told that they had run out of some of the ingredients.I frequently heard other guests complaining at the desk about all sorts of things, many of which have been mentioned by other reviewers here.The crunch came for me when a male member of staff wandered into my room late at night. Fortunately I was sitting up in bed doing some work. He mumbled something and wandered out again. I now stay elsewhere. The Gainsborough has enormous potential but its shortcomings are even bigger going by the majority of the reviewers. Overall I find it incredible that a place like this manages to remain in business, it certainly does not deserve to.	
Jan 6 2009	Room Without a View	My husband and ten year old daughter stayed at the Gainsborough for four nights, including New Year's Eve. The first two rooms we were shown didn't have windows. My husband refused them and wouldn't give up until given a room with a window. The receptionist was obliging however we did arrive early in the day. We wonder had we arrived later would we have been stuck in a room without a view?The building the hotel is in is VERY old and rundown. On the surface our room was clean but when we pulled the beds apart to look for something we were confronted with one years worth of dust. Easily. It was nasty.The staff was friendly, courteous and accommodating. The breakfast was...forgettable. It wasn't worth the price nor was it very impressive. You could walk down the street and dine at a french boulangerie for half the price but double the taste. I highly recommend Pauls near the tube station South Kensington.There is a club DIRECTLY underneath the hotel. If you are going to be there over the weekend bring ear plugs. We had the pleasure of experiencing this club until 4am on New Year's Eve. It was VERY loud. I don't think I would stay there again, not worth the money but not an unpleasant experience.	
Dec 5 2008 	Honest hotel review - this is a good value inexpensive hotel	First, let me say that I rate the hotel above average given that I paid US $100 per night booking on Expedia. Secondly, you have to go into a discount hotel in London knowing what to expect, e.g. tiny rooms and limited amenities. That said, the staff was friendly and courteous across the board. I was unhappy with other reviews stating that English was not the native language of the staff. That had absolutely no bearing and every single member of the staff extended courteous greetings from check-in to check-out. I stayed in room 401, a single overlooking the French school. There was a bit of noise from the other rooms, that you will find in any converted Eduardian hotel. I had to go to both Holborn and Olympia, so the hotel was ideally located 5 minute walk from South Kensington station. For tourists, the V&amp;A and Natural History museums are only a few minutes walk. Other reviews noted the noise from the disco. I was there Sun-Thur nights so I can't comment on that. I confess to staying at the airport on Fri night just in case noise was a problem. The bathroom was bigger than some other rroms I have had, and there was no problem with hot water (albeit one morning where I had to leave at 4 am to catch an early flight. The plumbing is old and takes a long time to get the pipes heated). The room was a bit chilly, but there was a perfectly adequate electric heater in the room. My only small issue was that the bed was a bit beaten and slightly sagging in the middle. But I have had much worse. For US $100 a nigh tin London near Christmas, you will not find a better hotel than this. The hotel is very presentable from the outside, and the staff were all very nice.	
Oct 28 2008 	Fawlty Towers	It's situated in nice neighbourhoods and is close to a lot of museums and tubestations. The lobby looks inviting at a first glance but this hotel is seriously run down. Nearly everything is worn or broken. It's a very noisy hotel with walls that seem to be mad out of cardboard and with single-glaze windows. Staff's english is poor and they have an attitude of &quot;who cares&quot;. The breakfast is a joke. The bread (bake-off bread) ran out every morning and the refill was usually a mere four breadrolls. For the price that they charge it's ridiculous. The worst thing though is that they have a nightclub/disco in thier basement that is on til 02.30 on Saturdays, which made it impossible to get a good nights sleep.I would seriously reccomend you to get another stay if you're going to London.	
Oct 23 2008 	overpriced hostel--hideous place	What a horrible dump--an overpriced hostel. Not one person we encountered in 5 days was a native English speaker--I was better understood in Paris than here. My room had only cold water, and was incredibly noisy, since the windows are single glazed, and cracked. My friend's room had NO WINDOW--is this even legal??? A room out of a horror movie, pitch dark, smelly, but the tissues are clumped up in a huge ball--just what I want to do, blow my nose on used kleenex.After a while, we felt sorry for the beleaguered staff, who are all under 30, foreign themselves--1 even confided to us that he was shocked that they even had rooms with no window; but that they were told under no circumstances to offer an upgrade, that it would have to paid for out of their own pocket.But it gets better: the 2nd day, the disco opened next door--the reverberation continued until 3AM. Amazing that they would allow a disco in a residential neighborhood--this place is a total ripoff, the owners are not onsite or available, run by inept kids.Best: a housekeeper set off the fire alarm, which was hideously loud , enough to give you a heart attack or vomit--everyone ran out into the street for nothing.What a joke. A poor young honeymooning couple were so polite, and requested some sort of compensation for a disastrous night--the foreign clerk kept offering them a free breakfast, which they had already eaten and was included anyway....finally she gave them the address of the main office to write to.I travel to Europe twice a year, and have NEVER encountered such a pathetically run establishment. SHAME on them!	
Oct 23 2008 	A nice place to stay	My wife and I just returned from the Gainsborough. We were greeted by Tessa and our room was not yet ready due to we arrived an hour early. The staff did everything to get us into the room as fast as they could. We sat in the lobby and were given a free drink. After reading all the reviews I admit we were a little bit apprehensive. Our room was just fine. It was very clean and the typical English decor. Nothing great but also nothing to complain about. The bathroom is very small, and the shower took a little getting used to. I am tall so I had to conform to it. That being said the staff excellent,. They were very friendly and helpfull to all our needs. If you need to use their computer you have to go across the street to their sister hotel and pay a service charge. The hotel is located in a great location and very nice area. The metro is only a short walk away. We took it to the South Kensington stop from Heathrow, with our luggage and walked there. We would stay here again without any hesitation.	
Oct 12 2008 	not that great	this hotel was a bit of a dissappointment,we changed rooms for heat,we overheard other guests complaining about their room,no fridge and there is no coffee making inroom,we asked for a bottle opener,they had only1,and we had to bring it backed,breakfastwas really good,room was good,we paid 134 poundper night,breakfast was incl,i found it was priceynova scotia,canada	
Aug 18 2008 	Good value for money	The Gainsborough is in an extremely handsome building in the heart of South Kensington. It's location is excellent. The rooms - ours and our friends - were adequate. They were clean, comfortable and, for London, inexpensive. It would have ben nice to have a small fridge in the room - we Kiwi's like cold drinks and ice to put in them.The cold buffet breakfast was excellent. Our friend ordered the cooked breakfast one morning and declared it wasn't worth the extra GBP.The staff were helpful - English was the second language for most, their understanding good.I would stay there again.	
Aug 9 2008 	.....	my son and i stayed at the gainsborough in london taking advantage of an early bird offer they had, paying in advance the whole of our stay (5 nights) with a reduce in the price of the room. the hotel was quite nice but they had put us in a room that was adequate in size but had a view towards the pipelines, air conditioning and air supply system and the metal constructions in the rear. the bathroom was tiny and we had to do somersaults to enter it. the biggest surprise was that when we went to check in and although we had paid the bill 2 months in advance, we were asked to produce either a credit card or cash (20 pounds sterling for every day of our stay!!!!!) for the covering of any extras that we might buy or consume. when i asked why should we do that since we hadn't been notified about such an occurrence, the receptionist said that it was standard procedure of the hotel and that we wouldn't be allowed to check in (although we had paid our bill in advance) if we didn't produce either. i can tell you that i felt it as an insult: it seemed to me that o was not reliable enough to order a coffee or consume a bottle of water and pay for it but that i must give collateral against such an event. i tried to talk to the manager but i was told he was absent. My objection to this practice is that I was not notified about it when i made the reservation so that I could agree to it or not as I saw fit but was presented with the demand when I arrived there. Their excuse was that &quot;we do it to all our customers&quot; but that didn't concern me and I saw it very negatively. I do not mind paying whatever I have to but I want to know what that is and not be presented with the charge or the possibility of one after I have committed to the fact of my stay.	
Jul 11 2008 	Fawlty Towers in South Ken!	So there I was booked into the Gainsborough as the guest of a company who had invited me to an awards dinner at the Royal Albert Hall. They had booked the hotel via a less discriminating website on the basis that it was a “short walk” to the Royal Albert Hall. The obligatory Eastern European receptionist informed me that despite the booking reference I had been given and a copy of the email including the credit card booking, I would have to pay for the room myself. Given the hour and the fact that I had to prepare for dinner, in typically English fashion I surrendered my credit card for the sake of convenience.So to the room, 108, which had previously been a room but was now an abbreviated room. I won’t blame the current proprietors for this architectural vandalism because it was once the fashion to take huge Georgian town houses and turn them into hotels by chucking up a few dividing walls. Suffice to say that the largest dimension in room 108 is from floor to ceiling. The room is a bit dingy too being illuminated by a chandelier with six, energy saving, 5 watt bulbs. It’s a bit like a winter skyline at dusk, objects in different shades of grey.The window faces the street and features French doors opening inwards allowing access to a narrow balcony, shared with other rooms. The balcony is not safe and the hardware on the windows is insecure meaning anyone with access to the other rooms could easily get into 108 too. Another safety issue is the use of trailing sockets for the TV and lighting. There were two full gangs next to the TV, which surely can’t have been passed by a fire inspector?The en-suite bathroom occupied a large corner of the “semi-room” but was cleverly designed in such a way that there was no shelf space for wash bags. The mixer-tap shower is best used “off peak” unless you are of a Scandinavian persuasion and enjoy alternative scalding and freezing. Also, while you are standing in the bath taking a shower you can appreciate the local culture because there’s plenty in the soap dish and on the tiles.I am 6’ 1” and not exactly a fluke of nature but the abbreviated room also had an abbreviated bed. Only by discarding the many pillows and cushions could I lie down there to discover that the bed, though on the firm side, was fantastic. Yep, I could have slept like a baby in that bed if it hadn’t been for the bloke in the room above erecting a shed though I accept that he might have just been walking to the loo across the somewhat irregular wooden floors in the Gainsborough.Before Dinner, I met with a friend and upon asking at the Reception where the bar was, the Receptionist pointed to the corner of the Reception where there was a shelf and a fridge. Think Vera Duckworth’s bar in her house on Coronation Street. A member of staff was summoned to administer to our needs and we were shown the drinks list. Virtually none of the wine or other drinks was available so we opted for what we could see - a Vodka &amp; Tonic and a bottle of Stella Artois. My friend had the last of the Vodka. Standing on the shelf, sorry “Bar”, was a half empty jug of Iced Tea (Paradoxically NOT on the drinks list) and someone had removed three lemon slices and placed it on a side plate. When my friend was asked if she wanted ice and lemon, the chap took the tongs, took the ice from the ice bucket and then used the tongs to pick up a slice of lemon from beside the iced tea. I did a double take thinking maybe it was the lemon for the “Bar” but it wasn’t. My friend hadn’t said anything so neither did I but when we both sat down we realized we had both clocked it and had a good laugh at our “Fawlty Towers” moment. You couldn’t make it up.In conclusion, as others have said, the location of the Gainsborough is excellent for South Kensington and it is on a quiet street. Fact is, it’s not the worst hotel I have stayed in but when you factor in the high room rate, the small dingy room and the absence of any apparent customer care why would you want to stay here?	
Mar 2 2008	Horrible Experience	This hotel was terrible.Terrible service from the beginning...they never responded to my emails confirming the name change on my reservation. My room was in the basement, it was freezing, dusty and dingy and worst of all had NO HOT WATER. The bellhop explained to me that this happens whenever the hotel is full. I complained and the GM (who would not come see me, but communicated thru the receptionist) and he offered me a new room. I accepted the new room bc it was not in the basement, but it was still dingy, the bed was broken, there was no full length mirror, no hair dryer, no mini-bar, no luggage rack. Also the internet access did not work. DO NOT STAY HERE...you will be disappointed. Note that the &quot;Gallery&quot; hotel across the street is the same thing, its the same owners and staff.	
Feb 26 2008 	Wonderful time in London	I have to thank this hotel's staff for the wonderful time spent in London last Christmas.  Being a family of four, booking a decent hotel room at fair, affordable price was a dilemma for us in the past. This gem of a hotel, however, put and end to it and exceeded all our expectations of a good old and traditional hospitality. Our room (310) was well appointed, smelling of clean fresh linens which is unusual at this time of year in any hotel in a wintry city like London, gentle-mannered and smiling young receptionists greeted us upon arrival. They offered us complimentary hot drinks (tea) even before asking for our names. Perky and friendly butlers helped us carry our suitcases into our rooms. They mobbed my youngest daughter and played with her a little whilst we were sipping on our teas. Breakfast was likewise superb. The food was well-presented and varied. I even had to ask the recipe of herbed butter as it was so lovely to spread on a hot toast. The hotel did not offer any meal except breakfast but there was a 24-hour room service to compensate that and the entire South Kensington area is surrounded by all sorts of restaurant anyway so eating out was not an issue with us. My children enjoyed skating in the nearby Natural Science &amp; History museums as well. Since we were on holidays I did not bother to bring my laptop so there was no need for me to buy any internet vouchers from them. But the receptionist on duty was only happy to print our boarding passes for us hours before our flight back home was due. I have to say that the impression that I got lasted throughout our entire visit. I am definitely coming back. This hotel ticks all the right in my boxes and I will recommend this to my family &amp; friends.	
Sep 16 2007 	Looks better on the outside than it is on the inside	This hotel was such a disappointment. We arrived and found they had lost our reservation. We waited half an hour, in the lobby, with all our luggage, until they fixed it. The room was small, and had little storage space. The view out the window was of a wall and pigeons. The air conditioner was a unit in the closet that we had to drag to the window and try and connect ... and then it was broken and they had no replacement. The bathroom was totally outdated, and not the cleanest. The carpets were dirty. The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was totally overpriced for the little food you got. The bedding had holes in it. The location was good, but it still didn't make up for everything else. It wasn't worth the money and next time we go, we will stay elsewhere.	
Sep 4 2007 	great location	The Gainsborough is in a perfect location-5 minute walk to South Kensington tube and easy walk to wonderful restaurants that will fit all budgets. The decor in the rooms is what you would expect from a hotel in this category after that the hotel is very average. The front desk staff could do a much better job representing the hotel by offering service! They either do not answer the phones or if one leaves a message they never call or return e-mails. To ask for help with either a car service or theatre tickets is clearly a chore. I was there recently on a business trip and they told my clients that I wasn't registered there!I've stayed here twice but will not go back until the level of service provided by the staff matches the rates charged and potential that this hotel could have.	
Aug 1 2007 	Good location not 4 star	Cant fault for location, great for everything from museums to night-life and underground is very handy. The hotel is not 4 star though, its nice but not that nice. The staff aren't that helpful, and when i complained about the noise coming from the room next to mine, the receptionist acted like she had no idea why there would be noise. The room was being decorated, i saw in the door and know what the noise was, i told her that and she acted stupid to get out of doing anything. I would still recommend this hotel, as it is a great location.As another reviewer said, if you book through expedia or the likes you have already paid in full and are at their mercy. Maybe better to book with them direct and then tell them you wont pay if you have a fault.Like i said, location is the main thing.	
Jul 28 2007 	"overpriced" is a good summary	I booked the Gainsborough Hotel to attend a conference at the nearby Imperial College. Unfortunately, the hotel did not satisfy my expectations. I booked a single room and I got this really really small room on the third floor: it had a bed, and then there was hardly room for a corridor of 40 cm! There was a small desk but there was too little space to put the chair in a good condition. And I will start on the shower: you could hardly move around in this very tiny place. Top of the bill: my bed was broken! The matras is on some kind of wooden plate, but that had a huge hole in it ... apparantly the person who makes up your bed didn't care to mention it to the management, or either the management knew about it but didn't care to fix this. I had a terrible first night (couldn't sleep on that broken bed) and complained about it the next morning. After some discussion I was offered a much larger room (which was quite good actually) without any additional payment. The breakfast is overpriced (just as the rooms), but I took it because I didn't find the time to look for a good alternative. The staff is quite passive: the wait until the basked of bread is completely empty before getting other bread (which, on one morning, took about 10 minutes of waiting time). A positive thing about the hotel is its location: very close to some good museums (V&amp;A, Natural History museum, Science Museum), and a 5-minute walk from the South Kensington subway station.	
Jul 2 2007 	Bait and Switch is right	We arrived on the second night of our 5 night stay, having missed the first due to flight cancellations. After two days of traveling we were really looking forward to getting some rest. We too were told that the only room available was in the corner of the musty, odd smelling basement. We refused this room, and sat in the lobby waiting for some resolution. The reservations person was on break and we sat there for at least an hour and a half. she informed us that we had to take the room in the basement as they were completely full. Meanwhile other guests checked in after us and were ushered right up to their rooms. No explaination was given as to why we had to take the basement room. We also booked through a large on line booking site and had paid in advance. They have you at their mercy when you do that. We were then shown a room that was being used for storage of radiators. They called a maitenace man to remove the radiators and repair the water leak in the room. We had to wait another 3 hours for him to finish and then the room had to be cleaned and deodorized with some horrible smelling stuff. We had to have a bucket under the air conditioner as it leaked terribly. Our view was out a window to the ventilation shaft, the office next door looked right into your room. We had to have both the window and the curtains pulled for any privacy. We put the Do not Disturb sign out and the went to sleep. Three different times we were awakened by the staff asking about our &quot;kettle&quot;, apparently Do not disturb must mean something different in the UK. The next night we moved to the basement room since the first room was totally unacceptable. this room smelled like a bucket of glue, we were told that a carpet layer kept his supplies in the apartment next door. The last night of our stay we were finally given an acceptable room. We stayed 4 nights and moved three times, totally unacceptable. We asked repeatedly for the manager and could never speak to him. I have traveled quite extensively and this is no 4 star hotel. Two at best. Don't expect a wake up call or a taxi. The staff was polite and pleasant but completely unhelpful. I would avoid this hotel at all costs!	
Jun 16 2007 	very dissapointing	You get what you pay for - and less - at the Gainsborough. I stayed here in the family &quot;suite&quot; with my wife and two daughters for 280 pounds ($560). It was a glorified closet. The shower was poor, and the in room internet did not work. We would have been much better off (and spent less money) on two doubles in another hotel. The staff was pleasant but not well informed about tourist queries (no info on the hop on-hop off bus tour eg). The breakfast was nice - it was included in our room charge. London is crazy expensive with the current exchange rate - still I think we could have done better than this. We won't be back.	
May 20 2007	Bait and Switch	Relying upon photographs of the sumptuously decorated rooms exhibited on the Gainsborough Hotel's website, I booked a room with twin beds for May 4-7, 2007, for myself and a traveling companion. We paid $720.00 US dollars for the room. The Gainsborough's website touted the hotel as a former 18th century townhouse which was converted into a boutique hotel. The photographs of the exterior and interior of the hotel on its website gave the impression that it was a luxorious hotel, so we thought it would be nice to spend a little extra money for the experience of being in the former residence of a duke or earl. When we checked in at the Gainsborough Hotel, which is located at 7-11 Queensberry Place, South Kensington, we were taken to a miserable room with a double bed in the musty, moldy smelling basement. We refused to take this room because (1) the environment was too musty for human habitation; (2) we had reserved a room with twin beds; and (3) we had paid for a nicely decorated room with a window.We were then taken to a room on the second floor which, although it had twin beds, was drab and cramped. This room, too, was not the room we expected for the price we paid. But we were tired from the trans-Atlantic flight and another bad experience, where we were left stranded at Gatwick Airport by the taxi service we had hired, so we did not make an issue regarding the condition of the room.Further, the young woman who worked for the hotel, who took us to the rooms, told me that the manager &quot;does that all the time,&quot; meaning that he always tried to get people to take the moldy smelling basement room. She indicated that was why she was leaving her employment there, because she was tired of the nonsense.In my opinion, the management of the Gainsborough Hotel engages in the dishonest practice of bait and switch by advertising luxurious rooms to entice the unsuspecting patron, and then foists upon said patron a room that is pitiful in comparison. If there are any sumptuously decorated rooms at the Gainsborough I certainly did not see one, so I cannot say if any do even exist therein. Furthermore, we had asked the desk clerk to give us a 4:30 a.m. wake up call and arrange for a taxi on the morning of May 7th, as we had to catch a 7 a.m. plane at Heathrow. We did not get the wake up call nor did he arrange for our taxi. Had I not awakened myself at 4:45 a.m. that morning we would have missed our plane. And we had to scramble at the last minute to procure a taxi to take us to the airport.I must say I was completely dissatisfied with my stay at the Gainsborough. The room was overpriced and the treatment was shabby, to say the very least.	
Feb 14 2007 	We gave it a chance	We read the reviews on trip advisor... some good, some bad.We kept an open mind and decided to find out for ourselves.We are writing to tell you we wished we hadn't.Our advice would be to avoid this hotel if at all possible.Sadly we read the reviews on this site after we had booked. The reviews on our original site were not so comprehensive and the one or two we read were positive. After reading info on trip advisor we called the hotel and said we were concerned about nightclubs, small rooms, dirty laundry...We were assured we would get the best room possible and not to worry about the nightlcub, that only upsets guests at weekends!So we honoured out booking. The upgrade was a joke. The twin beds were so close together that it made two colleagues feel uncomfortable. The next night we took a different room, no better in size but shared with a mouse!When leaving we considered mentioning the problem about the mouse but the service until then had been so disinterested that we knew not to waste our time. If a hotel cannot respond to a guest phoning in advance to air concerns then there is no hope.The best we can do is invite you to learn from our experience and stay away.....unless you love mice!	
Dec 13 2006 	Good location but many problems	First: the location is very good. Not in the absolute centre of London, but in an elegant and bustling part nevertheless. When you step out of the hotel, you have two world-class museums just a block to the right, and the restaurant district around South Kensington tube station two blocks to the left. There is also the possibility to use the nice bar at the sister hotel Gallery just over the street. But the hotel is just a pretty facade, pretending to be the elegant London-ish small luxury hotel! We ended up in room 107 for three nights, wich was a major disappointment. The room was small, the elevator had been placed where the bathroom should have been (every time someone took the elevator at night, we woke up), and the bathroom had - strangely enough - been built where the window should have been. It was freezing cold in the bathroom, and usually no hot water when you wanted to take a shower. We made repeated complaints to the reception, they just looked sad and said that management would be notified. We also made outright demands for some sort of compensation, which was denied. We ate out all breakfeasts, since the two inhouse alternatives ranged between 7 and 12 GPB per person! One night we were also disturbed by the nightclub next door. The only reason for giving the hotel a &quot;2&quot; is the fine location, as we see it.	
Oct 15 2006 	No sleep!	Next to a nightclub, I didn't get to sleep till after 04:00! Sheer torture. Avoid like the plague.	
Aug 21 2006 	A Charming English Hotel	We had a large 3 room suite with 3 beds total. We loved the room set up and the bathroom--very luxurious by British standards...walking distance to Harrods---loved it..The staff was extremely friendly and helpful!!We would stay here again for a British experience...	
Aug 20 2006 	dont stay at this hotel	I stayed at this hotel last week. The room carpet was very dirty. I was disgusted to step on it with bare feet. The bed covers they had were the dirtiest covers I have ever seen in my life. When I complained about it they said every room had dirty bed covers the staff didnt care at all. When I checked out out of the hotel I realized at the taxi cab that I left my expensive jacket at the hotel. So I called them that day and they said the jacket was not in the room. I called a million times but they wouldnt let me speak with the hotel manager either. I know I left the jacket there for sure because I wore it the night before I left. I had the worst hotel experience ever!	
Jun 22 2006	Unexceptional and Over-Priced!!!!	The Gainsborough Hotel is certainly &quot;London quaint&quot;. Very tiny rooms, no views, few windows, AC only in the rooms, no ammenities. Fortunately I was only there for two nights because I could not take one more minute of the rude staff! They were completely unhelpful. They had no recommendations for restaurants in South Kensington or anywhere in London, for that matter. They had no idea how to get anywhere by taxi or how much it could possibly cost. (They suggested I go hail one on the corner). I don't even think they knew where their own homes were! Breakfast was average...don't drink the milk! It's been left out for days, I'm sure! Ask for fresh milk. The wait staff was clueless and could care less about our enjoyment. The only helpful person was the nice guy who took our bags to our room. I tipped him and he deserved it. It is just infuriating when the entire staff looks at you like you have 3 heads and has no time or interest in helping out.	
Mar 30 2006	Average London Hotel - Great Location	South Kensington is THE area to stay for travelers looking for good value - especially given the fact that the USD/GBP exchange rate is horrible.While the rooms were a bit small, they are comfortable and clean. The South Kensington tube station is a 3-5 minute walk away, and Harrod's is a 10 minute walk (not bad for an afternoon of excellent shopping/people watching in Knightsbridge!)Breakfast was okay - nothing special. This was our 4th time in London and I will say, this is one of the better hotels for price value and location.	
Mar 24 2006 	Rodent traps in the rooms!	I stayed at this hotel because the one I usually stay at was booked. I was shocked at the size of the room. One twin bed and the room was the size of a hallway. The width of the room was about the width of a double bed and the length of the room was about 15 feet. They advertise high speed internet - wired and wireless, but when I tried to unsuccessfully connect I called the front desk, who told me they still hadn't completed their implementation of the internet in this hotel. This was a big deal since I am a business traveller. On the last day I dropped something behind the desk and when I went to pick it up noticed a rodent trap behind the desk!!!The staff was extremely unfriendly, with the exception of one of the front desk clerks. I would never stay here again and would not recommend it.	
Mar 21 2006	Great Hotel and Location	I have to disagree with the last entry regarding this hotel. My daughters and I stayed at the Gainsborough for six nights. Found a great special rate on the internet. Since this was my 2nd trip to London I knew exactly where the hotel was located. It is one and a 1/2 blocks from the South Kensington Tube Stop. A little hard to find, but with help from a shop owner we were on our way and soon was at the door (a five minute walk). The location can't be beat. The hotel is a charming set of row houses. The entry is very appealing with the desk located in the center and sitting area on the side for tea or drinks in the afternoon. The staff was very friendly and could answer my questions and assist me with transportation to the airport. The breakfast room is located next to the front desk and the breakfast was included with the price of our room. Typical English breakfast is served or Continental breakfast is available. Our room was on the fifth floor and was comfortable for the 3 of us. We had a view of the London Eye and Big Ben could be see on a clear day. The bathroom was large and not at all like the typical rooms and baths found in Europe. Our only problem was that the heat was not working in our room and we had to have a portable heater to heat the room. Did not matter to us since we were only there during the night. It would get so warm we could turn it off to sleep. The problem was never solved during our stay and I pointed this out to the front desk. The windows do let in drafts when the wind blows. There is a portable air conditioner for the summer months. The elevator is not large and can only accommodate 4 people. All in all our stay was very nice and I will be staying there again and would recommend it as a clean, friendly hotel. Don't forget Americans are spoiled with hotels in the States. European hotels are differrent in their own way. There are many great restaurants around the corner. Chinese, Thai, Deli and Italian right at the Tube stop.	
Feb 5 2006	Is this English character?	The arrival: The charm of this hotel ends the moment one enters the foyer. Upon our midday arrival on January 31 for a 3 day stay in London, we were greeted with no welcome, no smile, no warmth. This was not going to deter our personal efforts to have a pleasurable stay. The bell hop service to the room was pleasant, thorough etc. This is the only and last pleasant experience of this hotel.The room: If you are claustrophobic, this is not the place for you. No more than 4 average sized adults can fit into the lift at the same time. The size of our room was small, until we saw the closet that a friend who stayed at the hotel for 1 evening was in! One would have to have their sense of humour to sustain that. We had asked for a king size bed if available. Instead we got 2 twin beds pushed together both of which painfully uncomfortable and had to mind the gap. As the room is sooooo tiny, the walls feel as though they are coming in on you therefore sleeping through the night was an issue. There is a French school beside the hotel and we were at the school yard. Surprisingly enough on the 4th floor noise was not a factor. The slamming exit door at the end of the hallway was a factor. There was no stopper on the door therefore everytime someone used the stairs, guests and staff alike, the door slammed throughout the night and early morning. The bathroom: based on the size of the bedroom, this was actually spacious comparatively. The heating rack only worked on the lowest level therefore bath towels could not be warmed. The glasses left in the bathroom were disturbingly filthy. The hot water is turned low in the late evening/early morning so recommend that if you have a very early start in the morning, shower the evening before to avoid a cold water wake-up. Soaps were not replaced daily. The services: breakfast at 12GBP is average for a hotel however there are soooo many eateries in the South Kensington area, there is no need to spend that type of money at this particular hotel. Within 2 minutes walking distance on Old Brompton there is a small cafe with a full English breakfast including coffee or tea for 3.50GBP. The service is immediate and friendly.We required a wake-up call for 6AM in order to get to Gatwick airport for our flight. 6AM came and went...no call. Fortunately I had my Blackberry with me and at the last minute set the alarm as our backup. (There is no alarm clock in the room)! When I called the front desk at 6:15AM there were endless excuses as to what might have happened however no accountability or valid explanation.We requested a regular taxi for a pick-up in the morning to take us to Victoria Station. We specified a regular taxi as we were told that at that hour of the morning it would be difficult to hail a taxi etc. Instead the hotel arranged for a private car (Mercedes Benz) to pick us up at 14GBP for what really is a 6GBP drive in a very comfortable London taxi. The cost was not the issue but rather the inability to either explain the associated costs in advance, recommend alternatives etc. Summary: There is no need for a repeat visit to this hotel. As you are reading this review we read others before booking and thought some were exaggerations. From our experience they are not. There are loads of other hotels in the area that may be slightly more expensive but in the end, completely worth it. The location is exceptional for access to the tube station at South Kensington, nice area of London, loads of options for dining, lovely one-of shops etc. This hotel has potential. Unfortunately it falls flat on delivering quality service associated with various travel ratings of 3.5 - 4 stars. Based on prior hotel stays at other London hotels, this is in the neighbourhood of a 2-3.Happy Holidays.	
Jan 25 2006	A Lovely stay in central london	The Gainsborough Hotel is a beautiful Victorian property. I have stayed with my family last year and we had a great time!!!The staff is very polite and helpful and the rooms are clean.Don't forget to try the traditional English breakfast it’s marvellous!	
Nov 1 2005 	Do not stay here	The only thing to recommend this hotel is its location. Some of the staff were extremely helpful and friendly - but not when it mattered. My husband and I booked through a propular online booking site - a very big mistake as it seems to have made the hotel management angry. They would not honor our request for a double room at first, but gave us twin beds. When we complained, we were shown a room with a double bed - and that's it. It was the smallest room I've ever seen. The bed took up the whole room and it smelled bad. And the mattress must have been 40 years old. So we went back to the twin room and pushed the beds together. We were also denied the complementary breakfast because we booked online. The hotel has seen better days. The carpet is threadbare and stained, as were the curtains, the wallpaper and the bedspreads. The room, number 205, was directly next to the elevator, which was very loud in our room. We could also hear the plumbing whenever anyone used the toilet. And that disco! It does indeed keep one awake at night. There were several other guests complaining while we there - and not all of them were accommodated by being given a room across the street. Instead, they were offered a basement room or yet another with twin beds. Of course, it turns out, they also booked through an online agency instead of through the hotel.Overall, our treatment by management was horrible (although the nighttime clerks were especially nice) and I would not recommend staying at this hotel. There are plenty of others in the neighborhood, and they certainly couldn't be any worse than this.	
Oct 26 2005	Same about the nightclub in the basement	Same about the nightclub in the basement that kept us awake for 2 nights. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly and the standard of the rooms were good. Some of the mattresses needed renewing we had to turn my sons on arrival due to a pretruding spring. Small hotel with small breakfast room. Very convenient location for Natural History Museum. After the second sleepless night we were offered a room at the sister hotel over the road The Gallery - much better, nice hotel and would consider staying there again. Waiting to hear from the manager re. our complaint!	
Jun 20 2005	Great Hotel Very English	We stayed at the Gainsborough for two weeks in May 2005. We had a triple room on the third floor, it wasn't as small as all the reviewers say there rooms were. The only problem we had with the room was the quality of the mattresses. The lobby was nice, the breakfast room and food were great, and the staff was friendly. However, the 'sister' hotel right in front, The Gallery, has a much nicer lobby, I would check that one out first. The location is simply unbeatable, two blocks away from the South Kensington Tube stop and surrounded by fantastic restaurants. Make sure to try Kuality Indian, near the tube stop.	
Oct 18 2004 	Great if you like sharing with rodents!	I was awakened at 3 a.m. by scrabbling noises coming from under the bed. When I turned on the lights the noises stopped. However, they soon started again and some sort of large rodent grabbed a piece of paper from behind the bed. I called the desk and described the problem and asked if they could change my room. The attendant said that he could not do so and that he would have to call me back. I managed to get back to sleep even though I was awakened more than once by what I presume was a rat.The next morning I spoke to the manager and indicated that I did not expect to be charged for rooms with vermin in them. His response was defensive. He stated that they had done what they could, that I was not the first one to complain, and that they were on the street, and that rodents could come in easily. When I checked out, they had charged me for all three nights and as I had to leave for the airport, I could not stay to dispute it. However, it is very clear that they did not provide what they charged for: i.e. a room fit for human habitation.	
Oct 15 2004	4 stars -- that's overrated		
Oct 7 2004	Not 4 star		
Aug 17 2004	Seen better days		
Jul 21 2004	cosy very English htoel		
Jun 27 2004	Beautiful Room Great Location		
Apr 10 2004	Thumbs Up for the Gainsborough		
Feb 2 2004	Gainsborough is a great place to stay		
Oct 17 2003	Keep looking!		
Oct 17 2003	A éviter dommage car il est bien placé!		
Oct 25 2009 	????????		
Sep 23 2009 	Deception		
Aug 28 2009 	????????		
Jul 13 2009 	Lo Consiglio caldamente!		
Apr 29 2009 	j'y retournerai demain!!!		
Mar 9 2009 	mauvais rapport qualité -prix		
Mar 6 2009 	Camera pulita ma fredda per mancanza di riscaldamento		
Feb 13 2009 	Ottimo Hotel...ci ritorneremo.		
Jan 9 2009 	Shining		
Dec 21 2008 	?????		
Aug 12 2008 	Buen hotel todo perfecto		
Aug 12 2008 	Très bien situé		
