Nov 18 2009 	Didn't want my restaurant business !	Well, this was a first ! The ground floor bar and restaurant was advertising a few &quot;special&quot; amidst the range of bar meals, and the sign said that last orders for food was 10pm. I went in at 8-50pm to order a meal and the place was empty except for a party of around 18 guys in a corner who had just finished their main course. As I stood at the bar looking at the menu, a member of staff from reception tapped me on the shoulder and advised me to eat elsewhere, as there would be a wait of at least an hour before my meal would be ready.If the kitchen couldn't cope with one extra diner, one wonders how it copes on busy nights ? I left the hotel and ate (by chance) in a superb Thai restaurant a mile away in East Ham called &quot;Thai Thai&quot;.Apart from that, the room is a &quot;box&quot; overlooking the pitch and they stick a very narrow single bed in when there is no football on. Wi-fi is another rip-off, charging £10 a night.Horrible pillows and poor bedding.Good points were free parking, a lift to the third floor, and I suppose the £75 room only charge was reasonable. Due to them not wanting my evening meal business, I decided not to offer them my breakfast business. No I won't be revisiting.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great room reasonable rates full breakfast 	Took family for kids first trip to London - 2 adults &amp; 3 kids 9, 11 and 13. Had some trouble initially navigating the booking website then decided to ring the hotel direct &amp; speak to a real person ! Booked 2 rooms - a double and a twin &amp; asked for an additional z-bed for daughter (aged 9) to be added to the double - all done with no hassle at all - charged additional £10 for z-bed to be set up but I thought this was reasonable. Asked for rooms to be as close as possible to each other to keep an eye on 11 &amp; 13 year old boys. Website said checkin only allowed after 2pm but I rang the hotel the day before and explained our train got into Euston at 12:00 so could we checkin early - no problem.Had to remember to get off tube at Upton Park - NOT West Ham - but only a 5 minute stroll up the street to hotel. Market seems to be held every few days along the route but we didn't have time to linger. Hotel rooms very clean, good size and bathrooms immaculately clean - large flat screen tvs with freeview channels kept boys quiet. Even with the z-bed in our room there was plenty of space. Bed larger than standard double but not quite a kingsize - but extremely comfortable. Other reviewers have said they were not able to open sliding windows - but windows in both our rooms were able to open fully and we could go onto the director's balcony.Breakfast was very good - boys stocked up on bacon, sausage, hash browns, beans, excellent scrambled egg, mushrooms, toast, fresh juices - if you prefer a continental breakfast the choice seemed quite limited but I booked this specifically for the full english breakfast.checkout simple &amp; quick.Only drawback - had asked for wake-up calls for both rooms for both days at 7am - didn't get them.Otherwise an excellent base.	
May 24 2009 	A good choice...	We stayed at this hotel during a week long visit to London. We stayed for 6 nights and booked directly through the hotel website and got a good rate with breakfast included.Like the other reviewers say, it is clean and well maintained and the staff are very helpful.The rooms are Executive Boxes at the West Ham United Football Club stadium, and when not in use are turned in to bedrooms. During our stay the team were playing away, so we had the chance to stay a Saturday night, otherwise according to the hotel brochure, we would have had to check out on Match day and return to the room later the same night. People wanting to stay over a weekend better check the football fixtures in advance!WHAT WE LIKED:The room was clean though basic. A double bed, couple of chairs, clean small bathroom with shower, hairdryer, Flat screen TV (with pay movies or pay Play Station) and tea and coffee facilities.Housekeeping was very good and honest.The Bar Staff are nice and friendly. There is also free parking. Travel by Tube to central London takes about 25 minutes.WHAT WE DISLIKED:Though breakfast was included we never woke up on time (the dining room closes at 09.00hrs)(Our fault, we know....)The wardrobes are locked, though hangers are provided so you can hang your clothes on the wardrobe handles. Not great if you are staying for a week and have clothes to hang. An Iron and ironing Board can be collected at the Reception.The view over the football pitch is great, especially if you like the team, though the balcony doors are also locked. This made the room feel a little claustrophobic.The in-room Aircon/ Heating System was not working. Reception can control the Central Aircon/ Heating from their desk, which means that you have to keep calling them if it is too cold or too hot. On the first night (at 01.00hrs) we had to ask for an extra blanket and was told that one would be provided the following day (why not at that moment?). Telling them that the room was too cold, they turned on the heating. An hours later we had to call down because it was felt like a sauna (remember you cannot open the balcony doors).We reported the faulty controls the next day, and it seemed that the hotel were fully aware that the Aircon/ Heating Controls in the rooms (all the rooms we were told) have problems. Later in the day an extra blanket was provided and we asked to have the Central Air/ Heating turned off for the rest of our stay. On the day we checked out we asked if we could leave 30 minutes later (at 11.30) and were told that there would be a late charge. The charge is 10 GBP and lets you stay in the room until 13.00. We told them that we we only asking for 30 minutes and had stayed 6 nights (and paid nearly 500 GBP), but the receptionist said that it was Company Policy. We reminded them that throughout our stay the Aircon/ Heating controls never worked and to keep warm we had to have an extra blanket, and was once again told that the hotel knew about this problem and the system was old. We paid the extra 10 GBP as we didn't want to wait 30 minutes in the bar with our 4 suitcases waiting to be collected at 11.30 to go to the airport.OVERALL:The hotel is nice, clean and quiet and within 30 minutes from central London. There is not much to see in the local area, and at night it can be a little intimidating. There are many fast food take away shops nearby which are open almost around the clock.We would consider to stay here again if we were in the area.	
May 24 2009 	Great Stay and Great Staff	We are from Canada and planned a 3 week vacation around England. Must husband loves football (go Leeds United!) so we had decided to visit other stadiums all across England. We came across this in Laterooms and I thought it would be fun for us to stay at a football club for our three nights in east London. First off not knowing London and working from a map it took a bit for us to find. Once we arrived our first impression of the area around the stadium was a little disappointing as it looked a little dodgy to say the least. This impression proved to be very wrong. We walked early morning and late at night back and forth to the tube to the hotel and never encountered anything or saw anything that made me feel unsafe. It was very lively area even late at night. The hotel itself was amazing. When you arrive you pass through the large gates and have ample free secured parking - no mesing with pases or tickets or window displays! The reception area is very nice and the staff very proffessional. They treated us like VIP's which is more than I can say for the 4 Star hotels in England that we stayed at. Our room was on the second floor and had everything we needed. It is amazing to wake up and draw the curtains and see the pitch and stadium. The Floor to ceiling room lengthed window is lock but the view is terrific and the pictures turned out great. I should mention that there are no fridges in the room though. We ate twice in the restaurant. The food was good and plenty of it. The bar staff was friendly and helpful. When it came time to check out we discussed with the receptionist how we had been touring stadiums but were unable to be there for a tour of their facility. Within 5 minutes we had a private tour of the stadium that included a walk through the tunnel and onto the pitch. Their club is amazing. The players area far surpassed every club we had been to even Liverpool. They treat their players and staff very well and their acadamy is amazing. Although my husband remains a Leeds United fan for life, I have chosen to become a West Ham United Supporter. Did I mention the team store is right beside the main front door. We paid 69 sterling and if I am fortunate enough to return to England I will still there again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Fantastic	I can only re-iterate what others are saying about this hotel, everything was excellent. Breakfast choice was amazing &amp; the staff were very attentive &amp; friendly. A clean, spacious, friendly hotel, with free parking. What more you could you want from a hotel?	
Aug 16 2008 	Excellent value and a good choice for the O2 Arena	We chose the West Ham United Hotel simply on price and location after a search on laterooms.co.uk without even knowing beforehand that the football club had a hotel! What counted for us was that it was close enough to the O2 Arena for a concert later that evening. We paid 70 pounds for a double room overlooking the pitch and this included parking and breakfast.The room itself was reasonably clean, and pretty basic with a small shower room and a desk and TV. There was a kettle with the usual budget tea and coffee making facilities. From a large balcony window, you could see over the West Ham pitch and ground though the window itself was locked so that you could not go outside into the executive box itself.Breakfast was a buffet that was of reasonable quality (above average for an English buffet, but nowhere near as good as a freshly cooked breakfast). There's a restaurant in the hotel that had a decent sounding menu at least, but we didn't try it as we left for the O2 around 5pm.The football ground and the hotel are located very close to a tube station (2 minutes' walk) and we were easily able to find a parking space in the car park next to the stadium (included in the room rate). It's very easy to reach as it's around 5-10 minutes drive from the North Circular and about 10-15 minutes from the end of the M11, which was a big bonus for us too.The Tube to the O2 involves one change, but each leg of the journey is only a couple of stops and you stay in Zone 3 for the trip to North Greenwich. We probably took around 10 minutes from leaving the Hotel to arriving in North Greenwich and coming back was not much slower.Overall I'd say that that the hotel is of the quality of a mid-range chain hotel in the UK, but the location and cost for London was the clincher for us. Hotels near the O2 were double the price when we looked to book.	
Jul 22 2008 	Wonderful Staff and Free Parking.	We have just returned from a three night stay at the Quality Hotel in West Ham. The staff were very helpful and friendly and genuinely seemed happy to be there. The breakfast was excellent and the service again was superb. There is free parking right outside which is unusual to find in London. The nearest tube station is approximately 300 yards away and you can buy a ticket after 9.30 for £5.90 which will take you around central London by bus or tube for the whole day. The rooms which are the West Ham directors boxes on match days are very comfortable and well fitted out.	
Jul 8 2008 	Room with a view	I've stayed here a couple of times and our stay has been perfect on both occasions. The rooms are superb value for money and for the class of hotel its by far one of the best in the local area. The room itself it very clean and cosy with nice furniture and decor all round. The view is very unique being the actual football pitch! The bathroom is clean and confortable although not entirely modern and on one of our stays the shower wasn't really up to scratch but we didn't mind too much as the room itself made up for it. The hotel is located at the quieter end of a very busy high street. There are many takeaways, restaurants and shops nearby and also a huge market which is on everyday. There is a drinking and dining area near the reception but I have not tried either.	
May 12 2008 	I'm forever blowing bubbles............LOVED IT	I stayed for 4 nights on business and was very impressed. The room was spacious and the views over the ground were awesome. Only shame was not being able to access the balcony or the mini bar! The staff were friendly, efficient and very helpful. Offering good advice on local eateries and pubs (where to go and where to avoid!). Breakfast was great, fresh fruit, selection of cereals, pastries and fully cooked as well. The Service at breakfast was impeccable.Only 5/10 mins walk away from Upton Park tube so easy access into Liverpool Street. Would definitely go back.	
May 9 2008 	Brilliant and unique hotel	I'd like to confirm other reviews in saying, you don't have to like football to stay there, I am not a football fan but I thought the hotel was a brilliant and unique idea.The hotel is situated in the football stadium, overlooking the pitch, over 2 floors. They're corporate VIP boxes during the games that get converted to a bedroom out of season or when no games are on.The area looks intimidating but I haven't had any trouble there, the tube station is couple of minutes walk away. Plenty of take away places around the stadium that are very cheap, I only tried a curry restaurant called Rajja which was excellent. The food in the hotel is great and cheap too.All in all, you should try to stay in the hotel at least once for entertainment and novelty value, for those who read my other reviews, I wasn't impressed with the Quality Hotel in Brighton (No longer there) so I had reservations about going to another Quality Hotel, but I am glad I did, this is an excellent hotel.	
May 7 2008	Good Times at West HAm	My fiancee and I stayed at the west ham stadium hotel for a week and it was wonderful. The whole experience of having a room overlooking the pitch is something even someone who is not a soccer fan can appreciate. The room was quite large and spacious and very comfortable. The bathroom was on the smaller side but very clean. The hotel restaurant was really good and fairly cheap, although a person could starve waiting for room service. The hotel staff was quick and efficient for the most part although there was a small discrepancy about the bill but it was quickly rectified. The room decor is nothing exciting and the rooms look a little worked in from the traffic of matches but overall it was really nice and good for the price. It is a ways outside of central london but the tube service is really close and if you dont mind sitting on the tube for about half an hour, it really is a cost saver staying out at West Ham.	
Jan 31 2008 	an experience	this is a real gem. at the right price paid £60 including breakfast and parked free. for the location its for nothing.the local area is a bit interesting! scary but seemed safe enough.double room which as they all do overlooked the pitch,not the most spacious but adequate and very little storage space, after allthese are really the exec boxes for match day. memorabilia on the stair cases football feel everywhere.bar quiet and didnt try the food but seemed to be people eating and they seemed happy enough. at £3.40 a pint the previous reviewer is right its a bit on the high side.indian restaraunt just over the road which was good quality and value.breakfast good quality and plentiful staff more than helpful.If you need to be in the east end and are even remotely into football this is the place to stay. sleep with the curtains open and wake up to the view of the famous pitch.its like a bit of dream team. just go and do it!	
Jan 24 2008 	you dont have to like football	We needed a hotel in East London &amp; we found this hotel on late rooms for £65 with cooked breakfastOur room was 245 , level with the penalty area.The room was very clean &amp; nicely decorated.We had an evening meal , which was slightly overcooked &amp; the cost of the beer was a bit steep £3.40 for a pint.Breakfast was full English, but they finished serving at about 9am, so not much of a lie in if you wanted to.We would stay here again because of the location &amp; its totally different to anything we have stayed in beforeAlso parking is Free, which for London is very rare	
Jul 11 2007 	Something different	If you have not visited a footbal stadium before then staying at this hotel will allow you to see one first hand . We were given a tour of the players changing rooms and were led out of the players entrance onto the pitch into the massive stadium that is West Ham, which was awesome. The family room was so big we had to look twice to find the kids beds at the other end of the room. On the down side, on a match day, you can't check in until 7pm and on the night we stayed, the grass was being cut and watered which was somewhat irritating as there was a low humming noise all night. Not good if you are a light sleeper.	
Jun 24 2007 	A corporate hotel in a football stadium	An average hotel at an average price. The rooms and bathrooms didn't feel cramped or tattered like in some corporate hotels and the hotel was clean and the staff were friendly. Unless you're a West Ham fan, this is unlikely to be an exciting hotel for you. The view from my room was past some chairs on the terraces and out onto the pitch. Which meant you could see green out of the window, fairly rare for a London hotel! This area of East London has nothing much of interest around but is only a few hundred metres from Upton Park underground on the District line. If I wanted an average hotel at an average price and didn't mind being in East London, I'd go back.	
May 21 2007	enjoyed my stay here	I stayed at the Quality Westham hotel on 15th and 16th May. The hotel was very comfortable, my room was spacious and clean with tea/coffee making facilities, also rooms are air conditioned. I had my evening meal in the hotel, not a very varied menu but the food is good and also reasonably priced. I travelled to central London by tube, the station is a 5min walk from hotel journey time to central London about 30mins. Also, and very important for me , the rooms are very quiet at night. I would return to this hotel the next time I go to London.	
