Sep 11 2009 	Not so bad after all	I have stayed in much more expensive London hotels that were both filthier, noicier and less comfortable than this one, but this is definitely a hotel for shorter tourist trips where you travel light (cramped room and no elevator) and stay in the room as little as possible. The queen-size bed was nevertheless very comfortable, granting us a good night's sleep. We stayed for five nights, and the bed sheets were changed after three. They also changed our towels every day.The location is also tremendous with Marble Arch, Hyde Park and Oxford street only a few hundred meters away.The breakfast however, is just a joke with two small pieces of toast, a packet of corn flakes and a tube of nescafe. You also have to enjoy this &quot;meal&quot; in your room. The receptionists (all of them) were generally more interested in speaking in the phone or talking to visiting friends than serving the guests.With a few reservations, we recommend this hotel for shorter visits in London.	
Sep 2 2009 	It was so horrible.	From the moment we walked in i hated the the place. It didn't look like any of the pictures that were on the internet. The guy behind the desk didn't even get up to say hello he couldn't find our booking and made out that it was our fault. When he did find it he just gave us a key and told us it was up stairs. When we got in the room we thought it was ok but when we really looked around we notice thing were missing or broken. The first thing, was that it said there were tea making things but we didn't seem to have these. We had a kettle one cup and no tea, coffee or milk. The sink had i big crack in it and all the draws and the bed side lights were broken. The remote was missing a back of the battery pack, so they roled up cardbord and held it with a band. We had four small towels which being a women was handy for me. The other big thing that we found out from reading a sign on the door was that we had to pick up our breakfast from reception which didn't look clean for somone to sit in never mind cook in. So after spending just 15 mins in the room we went out to look around london. whilst walking down the street we saw a hotel just a few doors down which looked really nice so we went in to look at the prices, it was really nice and we decided to go and stay there instead. It was called Rose Court hotel, and it was well worth the money ( it was only £10 more than Glynne Corut Hotel) When we left Glynne Court it was another guy behind the desk but he was just has rude. Please don't go to this hotel it is horrible and don't be fooled by the pictures on the internet. please read all the other reviews before you waste your money and stay there.	
Jul 25 2008 	The health and safety authorities should pay this place a visit.	On arrival the clerk looked at me like i was something stuck to his shoe,then tried to charge me again for the room i had already paid up front for by cc at my travel agents ( INCIDENTALY I NOTICE THAT OTHER FOLKS ON HERE SAID £60.00 PER NIGHT,I WAS CHARGED £85.00 PER NIGHT).After throwing the key on the desk he then told me my room was on the top floor,i asked for help with my bags,not a chance of it!!!On arrival in the room the place stank,the carpets stank,the bed stank and the so called tea and coffee facility consisted of a kettle and two cups,one of which was dirty,i opened the fridge BIG MISTAKE, a rancid bag of food and blackspot fungi all over the doorseals etc ,i had to stay one night as it was too late to find anywhere else,in the morning i was covered in insect bites. NEVER EVER AGAIN!! I`d rather sleep on a bench in Baghdad High Street.I happilly let them keep the money i had already paid in advance and beat a hasty retreat to pastures new	
May 14 2008 	Good value	Bit surprised to see the other reviews. I found it clean and comfortable, with very friendly, helpful staff. Stayed in nice quiet single room with large bathroom at top, out to the mews at the back. Stair carpet needs cleaning/replacing but otherwise no complaints. The paintwork seems freshly done and when I was there, there was flooring work taking place on the first floor, so maybe a lot has been renovated since the earlier reviews. Would definitely stay there again. Great location and not much traffic noise.	
Jun 16 2007 	You'd be better off to sleep on the street	This is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. My mom and i booked it through a student travel agency and the pictures on the website made it look very nice. When we arrived however, there was no sign of anything that was on the website. At first we were put in a room on the first floor which had stained carpets, a broken two drawer dresser, curtains that were falling off the curtain rod, chipped and cracked window panes, and a less then attractive bathroom which came with only face towels and soap that had already been previously used.After complaining, we were moved to a room on the first floor which was only better because it had wooden floors. The chairs in the room looked like they had been found in a dumpster... they were completely covered in dirt and stains. The bed covers were also so dirty that i jumped over them and onto the sheets everytime in hopes that i wouldn't get any of their germs on me. Let's just say i had to take some tylenol pm to get any sleep that night.The only bonus is that the man working behind the reception is very nice... and actually helped us call around to other hotels. We ended up having to pay for one night so we stayed but we ran out of there as soon as possible the next morning and missed out on the free breakfast which consisted of a few pieces of bagged bread thrown in a toaster located by the reception window. (darn)Bottom line, the place is nasty. Don't stay there.	
Apr 27 2007 	a filthy smelly room	I was booked into a nearby hotel who sent me round to the Glynne because they found they had no room for me - although I had paid £70! £20 more for it than the Glynne charge. one window pane was broken and covered with cardboard. there was no coffee or tea in the room, there were only hand towels, and the shower was dreadful. the room window had to be left open all night to try to get rid of the smell from the stained carpet. to top everything, breakfast was served on a tray to the room complete with a paper plate, and plastic cutlery. It is the worst room I have ever had to sleep in. I can't believe people pay £50 for a single room there.	
Sep 24 2004	an 85 dollar mistake - horrible filthy and disgusting!	I booked the room based on the nice picture on their web page, and on Lonely Planet's nondescript characterization as &quot;fairly typical in this price range.&quot;The room was on the top floor. It was as ugly as anything you've ever seen and must have been entirely furnished with castaway junk. The matress sagged in the middle and flew up into the air at each end. The linens were filthy, and included other people's --- hairs as well as ashes. The walls and floors were stained and filthy, as well. And on the ledge outside the window were bunches and bunches of rotting pahrathas.The desk clerk refunded my money - I had paid in cash. But in the end, they charged my credit card anyway, about 85 dollars. (I later learned from the credit card company - MBNA, one of the worst, by the way - that had I obtained a written receipt for the money, and then for the refund, they would have had to refund this charge).DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER STAYING IN THIS FILTHY REVOLTING DUMP.In the end I got very, very lucky, however. They had an opening at the Luna Simone Hotel, over by Victoria Station. It is clean, handsome, comfortable, and within walking distance of many important sights, internet cafe, tube stations, and the waterside. FANTASTIC.	
Aug 17 2004	The hotel across the road is excellent	We booked a room with an ensuite but on arrival it was not available. We were put in a very small room(you had to climb over the bed to get to the other side of the room) which had not been cleaned. The bed linen was dirty and the smell eminating from the sink was revolting. The shower didn't work and nor did the tap over the bath. You had to fill the bath from the hand basin using a tupperware container. There wasn't a plug in the bathroom.We were forced to pay for the two nights that we booked for when we decided that one night was enough.	
Jan 24 2009 	hotel ne correspondant pas à la présentation		
Jan 17 2009	Hôtel horrible!!!		
