	Big springs sticking out of mattress white stains on quilt stifling dangerous. Share showers and toilets stink.	We booked the hotel online, believing it to be cheap but clean and comfortable. The share shower and toilet were in the same stinking little room, nowhere to hang your towel or clothes, and worse than most of the cheapest backpacker hostels I stayed in whilst backpacking around India in 1989. We found all our windows were open in the middle of November...it became obvious that you needed the ventilation, it was stifling and you couldn't breathe in the room without them open, even in the middle of the night. We had very heavy suitcases, staff said they would book us into a first floor room and help us with them, then left us to lug them up flights of stairs to the very top floor. I felt as though had a fire broken out we wouldn't have had any chance. The lady on the desk said that she would book us a taxi to the station, then when the mini-bus type taxi arrived (not a typical taxi), we watched her through the window dash outside and take something from the driver. The mattresses were old and had big springs sticking out, the quilts were stained with white spots and hadn't been washed.	
Aug 2 2009 	terrible	Do not stay in this hotel!We arrived from Paris on the Eurostar and wanted to overnight,then move on to family in Yorkshire. This was a very bad place.We were shunted off to another place and given the run around. Be warned! Do not stay here!	
Feb 11 2009 	Great hotel- great value	I stayed in the Melville over the christmas period with my sister and was very impressed by the cleanliness, staff and location of the hotel. My stay was well above expectations.  I have travelled extensively throughout the Far East, Europe, and the USA, and have stayed at various hotels and guesthouses of all sorts of standards, so when I first entered the room I was shocked by the size. It was massive! Not what I had expected. My room was modern, and very comfortable. My ensuite bathroom had hot water, fresh towels, and was also very clean. The beds were very comfortable with fresh bedding. Everynight I had an undisturbed good night sleep. I was also impressed by the information pack in the room and the helpfulness and friendliness of the staff. Overall I enjoyed my stay at the hotel and would def stay there again. Great Value!	
Oct 12 2008	the bed bugs hotel	This hotel gives one afalse impression on the web .looks good but when you enter it is digusting shabby and dirty.I was put into room24 with my wife.At 12 midnight i awoke and was itching all over my body.I switched on the light and looked in the bed it was crawling with BEDBUGS. My back ,tummy ,head and fingers where covered in bites and lumps appeared. I fetched the hotel manager to the room and showed him the bedbugs and also the state of my body.He apologised and rang his boss onthe mobile.At 1.15 we where taken outside and put into another hotel.My wife treated my bites ,but ididnt sleep for the rest of the night. I am now in the process of contacting Camden council to have something done about this problem. My advice ..DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL not unless you want to be eaten alive. Phillip Smith Whitwell ,Derbyshire, UK.	
Apr 15 2008 	An awful experience	I stayed in this hotel a few years ago now but the experience will stay with me for a lifetime. I booked a double room with en-suite for the Albion House Hotel also on Argyle Square. When we arrived at the hotel a sign on the door instructed as to cross the square to the Melville Hotel to check in. During the check in process, I was asked to pay in advance for the room and my credit card disappeared to a back room for about 10 minutes which was worrying. We were handed a key and told our room was on the first floor so we made for the door to head back over to the Albion House hotel. Imagine my surprise when the receptionist started to laugh and told us that we were staying in this hotel, not the Albion. I was slightly puzzled about the change of hotel but was informed that the Albion had no spare rooms. I had booked the hotel online over a month in advance so couldn't quite understand why my booking was accepted if there was no room there. We made our way up the stairs to the first floor to discover the room from hell. The double bed took up the whole room and I couldn't even open my suitcase fully to unpack. The cupboard door was hanging off it's hinges but you couldn't fully open the door anyway due to the bed being in the way. The TV only tuned into BBC2 but the picture was green and fuzzy. The decor was disgusting, old and in need of a total revamp. The room was so small that two people couldn't stand in the room without touching. And where was the en-suite? The 'en-suite' was just outside the door and serviced four other rooms as well. There was no toilet paper in the WC and the shower was disgusting &amp; only provided cold water. We didn't bother with the complimentary breakfast as you had to cross the square to another hotel to sample it. Early on a November morning with the traditional English rain, it's the last thing you want to do.  The staff were rude when I complained about the standard of the room. It then became very obvious why I was charged for my stay before I had seen the room. Due to finances we had no choice but to stay in this awful room for the full three nights we had booked.	
Dec 17 2007 	A bargain hotel	I was really worried when I read these reviews after I had booked myself and my parents into this hotel so we went there expecting the worse, but it was absolutley fine! It was clean and newly decorated with fully functioning locks on all bedroom and bathroom doors. The staff were friendly and helpful and although breakfast is basic, I think it's an added bonus for the price. The only criticism we had were that the rooms and the beds were quite small. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who needs somewhere cheap and cheerful to rest their head for a night or two.	
Sep 20 2007 	A better review	I stayed at the Meville for about a month while looking for a flat in London and I found it was perfectly ok for that purpose. The family who run the place actually gave me a discount as I was staying longterm and the fridge and use of the kitchen (although I admit it was basic with a 2 cookers that didnt really work but you're lucky to find that in London) was invaluable.First of all this is a budget hotel - you wont find prices like this in London so it will be basic. If you are looking anything other than okay place to sleep at night go elsewhere. I stayed in a double room (for single price) the first night, which was a little cruddy but okay and the second single room I stayed in was small but clean. They are cleaned daily as are the showers and toilets which I thought were fine( believe me I felt lucky as I had stayed in a young hostel the night before!) The beds were comfy and you get a tv and fridge. There is also a free wireless internet connection in that area too which is very useful. The breakfast was fine but again basic.I understand other peoples concerns about leaving luggage but honestly you cant get into the place without a key or being buzzed in (a fact that is annoying when you are trying to ask for a room!) I was nervous at first but for my part I found it safe and I stayed there on my own for a month! The manager and family were also quite friendly once you got chatting to them and he even let me send a fax from his office. I also believe you can trust their credit card system too and I often went into the office at the back to pay with my card - I think its just where they have the machine though it does seem abit of an odd place to have it.As much as I am grateful for the help I received at this hotel I would have to agree with some of the negative reports too. The staff can be rude and defensive (I experienced this again recently) which is annoying. The stairs are bad and you need to take your time and be careful with them. The hotel is abit shabby and needs updating but as I said - its good for the price. However the one thing that makes me hestitate about going back there is I did find a bedbug in my room and that is unacceptable.I hope this review has been helpful and good luck with which ever hotel you choose. Remember that there are loads of hotels on that street and the surrounding ones of the same or high level but I would strongly advise booking in advance.	
Sep 12 2007	Dishonest terrible service	I booked Albion House but you have to check-in at Melville Hotel which is 1 minute walk. I booked a twin en-suite room for two nights at Albion House and the guy at the reception of Melville Hotel asked me to pay all my room charge first, which I did. Then he showed me to Albion House. On the way, he told me that tomorrow I have to move to another room. He said he has given me a bigger room. The way he said that as if he has done a big favour for me! I stayed two nights only but have to change room every night. I felt this hotel very dishonest. I made reservation in July, if you cannot accommodate my request for a room for two nights, you can reject my booking but they confirmed my booking. I felt they are dishonest because the guy at reception never mentioned to me that I have to change room before I paid my room charge. If I knew that, there were &gt;40 hotels in that district, I maybe able to find another hotel. It was so troublesome as I have to pack and unpack.Besides, no bath soap and shampoo provided in the room, only a tiny piece of soap. The alarm in the room is not working. Breakfast is very simple, they give you 2 slices of white bread. On the counter, there is boiled egg, two kinds of cereal, orange juice or apple juice, some canned fruit, coffee or tea.I strongly suggest you do not stay in this hotel or other hotel under this group which is Excelsior Hotel and Melville Hotel.	
Jul 13 2007 	Beware!!!	I'm sorry, but this place was disgusting. I stayed here two nights last summer, and just reading these reviews reminded me of how terrible it was. I can only reiterate what everyone else has said. It was filthy, with an unhelpful staff, and it had an extremely unsafe feeling. I didn't even feel good about leaving our items in our room, let alone in the luggage storage that was the lobby. It wasn't just that it was run down, the bathrooms were what I'm sure had to be poorly converted closets. Worst of all were the bed bugs. These were the worst nights I have ever spent. There is budget and then there is decrepit. For more detail, read the other reviews here... they mirror my own experience. Please save yourself the disappointment and stay somewhere else.	
Apr 14 2007	Brochure promises and their real meaning.	We happened to be at the Melville Hotel (London) last Easter and it took 5 days for us to (mis)interpret the information written on the website and the brochure.FACILITIES·Linen Included- Actually it must have sat there from the very beginning. The sheets were all dirty and shabby. Going to bed after a long day wandering round the city wasn’t really pleasant.·Credit Cards Accepted- The thing is that upon arrival you are sort of obliged to give your visa or whatever to the staff who will take it to another room coming back a few minutes later with the credit card and the invoice (dodgy!).·Towels- You are given 1 towel for your face and body that won’t be changed IN ANY CASE!!. ·Luggage Storage- Yes. Leave it anywhere in the hotel so burglars can take care of it (the staff doesn't).·Children Friendly- You have to be very heartless to confine them to this place for even 1 night.·Nice staff- OK, Coackroaches do not count, they are not part of the staff.·Guest Kitchen- It lacks knifes for example, but given that the staff is really rude and they spend most of the time wandering around the kitchen maybe it’s better like this.·Telephone/Fax Facilities- Were they?·24 Hour Reception- Meaning that you are given the key for the room and main gate. ·Travel Desk/Travel Info- Info??? All they say is when you have to check out, by 10:30 am. Travel info: There are some leaflets at the reception, which luckily I visited only once upon arrival, such as the one on the Jack the ripper experience but after 1 night at the Melville NOTHING can be more terrifying! ·No Lockout: Well, actually we couldn’t lock the door of our room, it didn’t work. Do they mean that?·No Smoking: Nobody will notice anyway (Stinks)·Smoking Rooms: See comment above.·24 hours check in: This is a bit confusing to me because I couldn’t check in before 2 pm.Other facilities not mentioned on the website: ·Coffin-like wardrobes (just in case).·You don’t need to bother in case of fire because there are no signs showing the way out.·Autobiographic carpets- You can literally read in them what former guests have eaten!·Therapeutic beds- perfect if you want a sick leave! ·Shower: 1 for 20 people, but not sure it really is. Looks like a gas chamber.·WC: 1 for 20 people. There was a hole in the door. Suppose it’s used for checking out whether the WC is really vacant (??!!!).	
Feb 11 2007 	Most miserable "hotel" I have ever experienced.	There are so, so many negative things to say about this positively disgusting hotel, I feel I need to divide my review into sections so as to avoid befuddling the reader! So...allow me to recount the many horrors...On arrival: you can't book in until 2 pm. For those arriving in the morning, this is a real problem as there is no safe place to leave one's luggage; you simply leave it in the rather unappealing reception area. Also, when booking in, I paid by credit card (in advance!), and was nervous about the manner in which my card was taken from me, into another room, and then returned to me along with a receipt for me to sign. Might sound like a trifle, but given the immediate negative impression I formed of the place, it made me really uncomfortable.Rooms: There are no elevators. Neither is there anyone to help you with your luggage. So you haul what luggage you have to your room via the stairs, which are dangerous. There are exposed carpet grippers on the steps, which could very easily pierce unsuspecting feet. The rooms themselves are disgusting. Really, truly disgusting. The carpets are utterly filthy. I would have been afraid to set an un-shod foot on them. The beds are ancient, creaky, and plain dirty. The rooms have fridges, but the inches of grime they've accumulated over the many years since they were last washed would discourage one to actually put any food in them. Similarly with the tea/coffee-making facilities. All of the above, however, was positively sanitary compared to the sink in my (first) room. It was blocked solid, and caked in all manner of grime and gloop. It was so gut-wrenching that I was actually afraid to brush my teeth or wash my face there (I had to go upstairs to use the sink in my friend's room!). Lastly, I had booked a single room, and when I arrived, was put in a twin room. It was not mentioned to me at the time of my arrival that someone had made a mess of my booking, and so I was told on the second morning, as I was on my way out, that I would have to change rooms. Bathrooms: I stayed here on a trip to London with a friend. When we arrived, we were put in rooms on two separate floors. Each floor has 1 shower and 1 WC which serve all rooms on that floor. On the day of our arrival, I found that the shower on my floor (and I don't need to mention at this stage that it was disgustingly dirty) had no hot water supply. The WC on that same floor had no light. On the second night, after my change of room, I was moved to the same floor as my friend. The WC was functional and lit (but filthy), but the door didn't lock properly. And the shower really was the stuff of nightmares. Again, the lock on the door wasn't entirely reliable, and it was even more dirty than the shower on the other floor. Gruesome. Staff: the staff are not helpful at all. Some are downright unpleasant. They tried to make a compliment of moving me to a room on the same floor as my friend on the second night of our stay!Atmosphere: As, by now, you will have gathered, this hotel is dangerously dirty. They offer a continental breakfast, but neither of us was willing to risk eating in this place. Furthermore, it was genuinely difficult to get to sleep there, due the endless noise from the street below. This was a problem particularly on the first night, when a group of idiots spent the night on the steps of the hotel drinking, shouting and bothering passing women. Notably, the staff of the Melville did nothing about this.All in all, I urge anyone who reads this to avoid the Melville at all costs. The money you'll save won't compensate you for the sheer misery you'll be subjected to here!	
Oct 16 2006	Filthy	All good reviews for this site must have been written by the Staff!!What a Dive!! The rooms were filthy and the sheets not cleaned properly. The number on our door had been scratched in with a biro and the door itself did not even fit the frame.One shower to cater for 3 floors and around 20 rooms, and this shower didnt even work!Toilet was filthy with no paper and the light had gone.When bookin we were told we had 'basic accomodation' at the albion. THIS IS A SCAM you will not be staying at the Albion but at the squat-like Melville!!	
Sep 22 2006 	Worst Hotel Ever	I have travelled around India and SE asia and stayed in some hellholes, but never anything as bad as this place. Stay here at you peril. Never before have I asked for a refund from anywhere, this was the first time. None of the windows actually lock as the catches are all broken, in 1 of our rooms the door didn't lock, beside this room was an external back door which had no lock at all, and an open drain with food scrapings outside this. Mould and flaking paint on the walls. Worst of all is the customer service. Workmen fixing the room next to ours hammering until 1am, the staff did not care in the slightest about this, because I still stayed in the room!! The fact that I got 4 hrs sleep because of their disregard for anyone staying in their hotel did not matter, and the manager pretended he was not there when I asked for a refund. I am a great believer in 'you get what you pay for', but I honestly wish I had decided to sleep on a bench in the tube station nearby. Pick a different hotel	
Apr 25 2006	Below Average	I will never stay here again, yes it is cheap, but the staff were rude, the room was dirty, the window in the room didn't close so it was freezing and I could hear the noise rom the street all night. Only one powerpoint in the room which meant I could either watch TV or use the fridge. The bed was Awful, I almost ended up sleeping on the floor as all I could feel from the bed was the springs, but the floor was disgusting. Only 2 showers to service 10 rooms, and the lock in once of the showers was broken which meant anyone could have walked in, plus there is hardly any room in the showers to dry and get dressed.Yes, great location, 2 min walk from Kings Cross, but overall I would not stay here again. I am a backpacker and not used to &quot;classy&quot; accommodation, but this was worse than anywhere I have ever stayed.	
Feb 27 2009 	Spartiate vetuste mais calme et bien situé !		
Jul 24 2007 	Einmal und nie wieder!		
