Nov 17 2009 	A peaceful location yet very convenient for rail travellers	Since I discovered this attractive Georgian crescent just a stone's throw from St Pancras and Kings Cross, I have stayed in three of the hotels situated there. The Euro is the dearest one I have stayed in, but definitely superior to the others as regards the room. As single rooms go, it was reasonably large, and actually had a desk where one could sit and write, which is something that is all too rare. The only disappointments were the breakfast, with flavourless coffee and unpleasant toast, the small size of the 'bath' towel, and the fact that they expected me to pay on arrival, something which seems particularly unnecessary when you have provided your bank card details in advance.	
Nov 16 2009 	Cheap great location...small but cosy rooms	I spent 2 nights here in August and the people working there were very friendly. I had a single room which was more or less a small rectangle but the bed was comfy, there was a sink, a large mirror and a nice telly :-) For 50 pounds a night, you can't complain...that's nothing for London. I would recommend it for people without families. I don't understand these ridiculous comments from N.Americans complaining about lack of lifts. Most of the buildings in London are old so drag your cases upstairs and get your hearts pumping! :-)	
Nov 8 2009 	Very good value	Very clean, friendly, helpful staff, good breakfast, good location close to Kings Cross and lots of pubs and restaurants, shower - not the most powerful but for the price, all very good	
Oct 31 2009 	Good Value	The accommodation was well priced, and excellently located at a short walk from the Russell Square underground station. The full English breakfast was a great start to the day, and the staff were friendly.The only problem we had was with some unpleasant odours occasionally emanating from the drain in our bathroom (other than those we created ourselves). I'm told this is a common problem in London - but I've not stayed elsewhere, so I can't verify this.	
Oct 30 2009 	Great hotel for short stay	We were a family of 5,mom dad and 3 teenagers. We were in the basement room which had a double bed and on one wall and 2 single beds on the opposite wall and a 3rd put u up bed on the 3rd wall facing the windows. I expected there to be no floor space at all in the room but it wasn't bad at all although the extra bed was quite close to the ensuite door. There was a small tv set with plenty of channels, and tea/coffee kettle etc. There was adequate wardrobe space for a short stay - I don't think it would be enough for 2 weeks but we were only overnighting so it was more than we needed. The ensuite had a bath with overhead shower and was clean and there were 2towels and soap and shampoo provided for each of us.We were able to leave our luggage with the hotel when we arrived on a red-eye at 9 and also left it the next day till we left London at 6. There was no issue with this at all and it made a huge difference not having to drag bags around with us sightseeing.The breakfast was fine - as we expected. The hotel is within easy walking distance of theatreland and is in a nice area. There are plenty of restaurants locally and a shopping centre with a Giraffes (good breakfast) Yo shushi not far away. I used walkit.com to print of details of how to get places and found it useful. Euston station is a couple of minutes walk and so is Russell Square. All in all I'd recommend this hotel for a short break as it's so convenient, we went to see Hairspray and we were back in the hotel 15 mins after it was over. We also felt safe on the walk back.	
Oct 8 2009 	Good hotel but a bit noisy	This is a good clean hotel in a good area, close to Euston train station but in a quiet and safe street. However, the hotel isn't quiet as the walls and doors are very thin. On the first night I was woken up at 6am when first people smashed the fire safety door just outside my room. On the second night I was woken up at 4.30am when the guest next door decided to get up and pack. Otherwise it is a good hotel, my room was simply decorated but clean, good size, TV with many channels. Breakfast was simple but good, excellent bacon, the only thing I missed was some fruit. The reception offered good selection of newspapers and magazines, as well as drinks all day and a computer with free internet. The only other small problem was that my room on the ground floor got quite cold in the evenings, as there was no heating (in October), but an extra blanket was available. In summary, the hotel it is a good value for money in that location, but I will not stay there ever again when I am in London for work and need to get good sleep.	
Sep 19 2009 	A Safe Choice	If your looking for a clean and relatively cheap room, you can book here. After reading reviews and websites, I decided to book a room here for 5 nights. And I was really happy I did. As I said it was clean plus the staff was very friendly; great ladies. The room had a tv with lots of channels and free WIFI, with a really good connection, so bring your laptop! It's also close to the tube and restaurants. If you really need luxery, I think you have to expect to pay a lot more. I paid 55 pound per night with shared facilities but with a sink in the room, other hotels in this price range, aren't as clean and quiet (I had a room at the front and I slept all night).Two points weren't as perfect as the rest; the hotel indeed had no stairs plus the breakfast became a bore. Plus a little fridge would have been superb, but I would definitely book this hotel again and recommend it to others.If you arrive early, it's no problem to leave your luggage there and start enjoying London, and when you leave London long after check out, you can also leave your suitcases there. **And very important ofcourse; as a solo female traveler I felt really safe in the neighbourhood, even late at night.**	
Sep 18 2009 	Clean cheap convenient friendly. I've found my new London hotel	Located a short walk from three tube stations, the Euro is a convenient base for city explorations. Rooms are tiny but spotless, everything needed is there and well maintained. Staff (all young Eastern European women it seems) are friendly and efficient. Free wireless is another plus.At the price, it's hard to beat this little gem. It provides all you need from a city hotel and leaves morecash to spend in the city.	
Sep 17 2009 	Location location location!	After reading the hundreds of reviews of this hotel and finding that the vast majority was very positive, almost unanimously, we booked 10 nights there. Although the photos do not lie, I had the impression that it was a large hotel on the crescent. However, it is only one of several hotels lined almost one after the other in the same crescent. All small hotels, with only one entrance door and few rooms. From the photo of the twin room we did not expect that we would not have enough room to open two suitcases, so be forewarned, the rooms are very small. The door between the beds in the photo is the door to the bathroom, however, it has only the toilet and a box shower. The sink is in the room. So, when they say insuite, that is what they mean. The shower stall is so small that anyone over 166 pounds and taller than 5'11' would have trouble soaping himself or herself. The breakfast is included and maybe if you are there for just a couple of days it would be ok. However, one gets tired of two pieces of toast, beans (from a can, Heinz beans), one egg and bacon or sausage (which I did not eat, as I don't eat pork), plus juice and cold cereals get tiring after a couple of days. There is no fruit or yogurt. Of course, there is no elevator, which could be a problem for some people, having to carry suitcases up a narrow set of stairs for 2 or 3 floors. There is one terminal for internet, but it was not always working, although, if you have your own computer we would be able to use it there. The main positive point of this hotel, and I assume any of the other ones in the same crescent, is the location: 5 minutes on foot from the underground Russel station (Picadilly line directly from Heathrow airport to the station; no need to change, and in that station the access to the street is by elevator), 5 minutes from Euston station and train station, 5 minutes from Kings Cross/St. Pancras station and train station. Lots of restaurants around, 5 minutes from the British Museum and the British Library and 20 minutes on foot to Soho. The other positive point is that it is in a quiet area. Yes, you can hear the odd step of the guest above you, but you don't hear traffic or street noise, except occasionally in the week end when people leave the pubs.I guess it is value for money and I would recommend it for those who want what it is considered an inexpensive centrally located hotel in London. Would I go back? Maybe, but I would do even more research and see if I could find other options before booking there again.For Canadians, like us, for the equivalent of 95 pounds per night, we would have gotten a lot more here or in the U.S and in many other countries. So, my advice is to check the other hotels in the same crescent, Cartwright Gardens, and see whether and how it compares with the Euro.	
Aug 26 2009 	Close to it all...via the tube	My daughter and I stayed here in mid-Aug and had a wonderful time in London. This is a basic hotel but with the benefit of a full breakfast and close to 3 tube stations where you can zip to all of the attractions in no time. The British Museum is also very close. The hotel is a bit worn in the carpet, but everything in the room was functional if quaint (small rooms, no A/C, no window screens, sink in the room, no lift etc). It was what we expected due to the accurate reviews on tripadvisor. We paid 95 pounds for a twin room en suite at the rear of the hotel which was quiet. The breakfast made this hotel a winner for us since we could fill up and go until tea time or early dinner time. This saved us money on the food costs and was a great value. My daughter really appreciated the free internet service so she was able to communicate with her friends back home. The staff was a friendly and a great asset. I would consider staying here again due to the cost vs. benefits of this hotel as I perceive it (location, free breakfast, free internet, good staff, low cost)	
Aug 24 2009 	Small rooms	Stayed here on two occasions. No lift , small rooms but clean. Door locks and keys would not work properly. Good breakfast , wireless internet, Very nice reception. A bit expensive but good location and perfect for the Euston Trains. Nice quiet crescent street. I am trying somewhere different this trip but It was a toss up. My wife wanted to stay here but she does not lug the suitcases. Although I do not mind this hotel my heart might not hold out up those stairs.	
Aug 5 2009 	Impressive	My wife and I stayed at the Euro for two weeks and found it a great, central place to stay in order to see London and for day trips.As for the location Russell Square is close by and for what we wanted to do, the Piccadilly Line was awesome. Its also close to KC and Euston as well. The area is multicultural and interesting with good pubs and reasonable restaurants (avoid the &quot;Italian&quot; place down the road though). The hotel itself is across the road from a pleasant park and tennis courts. There is occasional noise after pubs close, but the earlier negative review needed to consider that the hotel is actually in LONDON where stuff happens on occasion to make noise. Perhaps a more sedate city might suit this traveler's needs.The room itself is kept immaculately clean and the size was comfortable (we had a double ensuite). Plumbing isn't awesome (the shower pressure was terrible), but this is obviously a minor complaint.The service was always friendly and accommodating. Breakfast was also cooked fresh, but was very busy and finished too early for those inclined to sleep in.This hotel is not 5 star, but very comfortable, affordable and central. Excellent value.	
Aug 1 2009 	really terrific staff	This hotel is a good deal for London. We stayed two separate times on our visit to England. This first stay we were on the top floor. It was very quiet and clean but the floor was a little titled and the bathroom had a slight musty smell to it. We actually debated changing our second reservation to another place but we liked the people who work there so much that we decided to keep it: the staff are genuine, helpful, and really friendly. The second stay our room was better, on the ground floor. Since that room gets warm there was an a/c unit which was great to cool the room but too loud to keep on all night. We were traveling with our one-year-old and the staff were so nice to us and him, our son was just enamored with the girls who served breakfast. Even though breakfast was a pretty busy affair, they also would greet him and they went back and forth. He loved it. So while the rooms were clean, basic, and a little worn, the staff really make this place stand out. Also: breakfast and wireless were included.	
Jul 17 2009 	63 Stairs up to my room no lift. But.. great location clean 	Pros: Quick walk to Russell Square Tube &amp; not far from Euston Tube &amp; Rail stations. Local pub and take out food shops within a block. Nice common areas, room was functional &amp; good size for short stays. Very nice full breakfast. Cheap for Central London. 55 Pounds Sterling per night including full english breakfastCons: 63 steep stairs up to my room, no lift. Non-ensuite room.55 Pounds Sterling per night including full english breakfast.	
Jul 16 2009 	Neat little B	Stayed a couple nights at the Euro. Staff was friendly and helpful. Full English Breakfast was served promptly and was delicious. Stayed in a single Bed room the 1st nite, very small but clean. Shared facilities (shower, etc.) was clean. Next nite was in a twin room en suite, facilities modern and clean. Chose for price and proximity to Kings Cross rail station.	
Jun 16 2009 	Basic B	I chose this hotel mainly for its proximetry to St. Pancras Station. The room we had was very basic, the decor and furnishings badly in need of an update. The usual mushy Brit beds were soft and a bit lumpy. The staff were helpful and the lounge/breakfast room was cheerful; breakfast was good.	
Jun 9 2009 	Clean and inexpensive but too noisy for me	I stayed three nights. I found the staff friendly and efficient, but not very knowledgeable. My room was one of the single rooms with a shared bath. While it and and the bathrooms were clean, the room was a bit run down. The breakfast was good. They also offer free use of a computer.I have to say that the location was not good for me. The hotel is across from a London University student dorm, and the students were very noisy--yelling and singing until dawn every night. My traveling companions and I didn't get a good night's rest our entire stay. Mostly for this reason I cannot recommend staying here.The next time I travel to London, I'll spend more money and stay in a quieter hotel.	
May 20 2009 	Excellent clean low-priced hotel in London with free WiFi!	Great place. I got a single room for one night for a good price. It included breakfast, Staff were courteous and friendly. Breakfast was included. And heaven: free wifi !! :-)Excellent for short budget business stays and I suspect good for budget tourism also :-)	
May 15 2009 	Top value at good location	In a city where the cost of a decent hotel easily eats well beyond your original travel budget, the Euro is a very welcome exception. The rooms are big enough for you to store your luggage, and still be able to move about. The bathrooms are also quite spacious, and in very nice condition – even though you'll have to do with the rather pointless British two-tap system, with one tap for cold water and another for warm. The beds are rather neutral, and will not cause any problems. In addition the room provides a closet, TV, radiator and coffee/ tea.Also, as a clear positive, Breakfast is included in your stay, and you can choose a full English or from a variation of cereals. One of the few negatives worth mentioning are the single layer windows, which are a bit drafty.The nearby King's Cross area is bustling with travellers, workers and traffic, but take two steps aside to the Cartwright Gardens and the Euro Hotel, and you'll feel you're miles away. The Euro is just one of a crescent of hotels occupying a charming row of buildings, which are all located just behind a small park with tennis courts. You'll wake up to the song of birds rather than the noise of heavy traffic.King's Cross and St Pancras stations are still not more than a few minutes walk away. From there you have direct connection to both Heathrow and Gatwick airports, as well as the Northern, Victoria, Piccadilly, Hammersmith &amp; City, Circle and Metropolitan tube lines for easy connection with all of London. If the big King's Cross St Pancras gets to crowdy or complex, the Euro is also within a few minutes walk from both Euston (Northern and Victoria) and Russel Square (Piccadilly) tube stations.The area's without any big sights and great shopping opportunities, but being such a busy area there are lots of choices for eating, drinking and buying your everyday needs. (e.g. Pizza Express, just round the corner on Euston Road). If you should feel the need for something more without travelling to far, there's a small shopping centre (Brunswick) near Russel Square, and some good restaurant options past King's Cross up towards Islington.The Euro isn't fancy or luxurious, but if you're looking for a good value hotel with a good location it should be a safe bet.	
May 10 2009 	Great unpretentious hotel in London	After reading all the other reviews about the Euro Hotel, we decided to give it a try and we were not disappointed. The Euro Hotel is near Russel Square and only a short tube ride from the centre of London. Travelling with two children, we opted for a superior family room with en suite. The room had a queen bed and two singles - with a small but adequate bathroom and at 125 British Pounds a night, it was a great alternative to getting two hotel rooms elsewhere.The all-female Polish staff do a great job and are very friendly. We arrived in about 9pm from Heathrow by taxi and it was only afew minutes before we were in our room. Tea and coffee making facilities were there, so we were able to unwind after a 12 hour flight from Bangkok.The hotel overlooks a park and tennis courts, so there is very little traffic noise. It is literally around the corner from restaurants, a pub, shops and most important - a laundromat ! There is a full coked breakfast included in the room rate, so we were able to set out on our days trekking around London in pretty good shape. The Euro has been described in some reviews as a B&amp;B hotel and that's exactly what it is - there were a mix of business people and families there, all enjoying it's hospitality. The free internet access in the breakfast room was a big bonus.London is extremely expensive for Australians - with the exchange rate being what it is. I looked at many other alternatives, includung serviced apartments and other hotels, but in the end settled on The Euro. It is not flash and it is not luxuriuos - but it is perfect for a family stay, comfortable and welcoming.	
May 5 2009 	great value and great location	I stayed for a week and was very pleased with this hotel. It is simple, clean, safe and for the most part quiet. It was a week with some warm temperatures and there were times the rooms were stuffy. The windows opened easily and that was adequate ventilation. I appreciated the birdsong that came from the little park across the street. I had a single room with the WC and shower down the hall. I had no issues with this arrangement. I booked a month in advance and they were full up for most of my stay, which says a lot for their popularity. If you want ensuite or family rooms I would suggest booking as far in advance as possibleThis hotel is very convenient to the train stations. From Heathrow, via the Piccadilly line Russel Square stop would be my choice. From there it is a straight walk to Cartwright Gdn, no twisting and turning route and you do not have to deal with the busier King Cross station nor the streets around it. As you exit Russell Sq station cross the street and go north on the first street to the right, Marchmont StreetThe Picadilly line is one of the most convenient cutting through the heart of London and hitting most of the stops you need. The hotels handy location between Russell Sq and Kings Cross puts you within easy walk of almost every vital transportation link.And yes, English bacon every morning is a rare and wonderful thing	
Apr 14 2009 	A very pleasant surprise	The hotel was clean, welcoming and surprisingly quiet even though we were in a room on the ground floor at the front. Staff were all helpful and charming and breakfast was good. It was great to find such a peaceful hotel in such a convenient location - 5 mins to Russel Square tube and 5 mins to Kings Cross/St.Pancras.Would recommend to anyone.	
Feb 20 2009 	A fine hotel in a fine location	I was in a twin room ensuite booked through LateRooms (make sure you specify an ensuite, there are rooms with separate toilets and showers. Clearly mentioned on their website and good booking websites). Business trip, 3 nights, solo traveller. The hotel is in a very quiet street (front and back are quiet) a very short walk from King's Cross / St Pancras. Loads of little shops and a shopping centre nearby. Easy to get to from Heathrow - Russel square + short walk on Picadilly line. Only 20-30 minute walk to Business Design Centre where I had to be, underground was far too crowded and took just as long to get there. Euro Hotel scores high on location. The building is quaint and has loads of character. That does mean that floors may not be 100% level and that you may pick up some noises from upstairs guests (floarboards underneath carpeting). Part of the charm!Room was not large but comfortable. Nothing fancy. But above all CLEAN. Hell after reading so many good reviews, I thought I'd do a wet finger test over the top of the mirror in my room to put them to the test. Nothing. No dust or dirt. Superb! Small television with 5 terrestrial channels.I'd say that if you're staying for 1 - 3 nights and need a central place to sleep, it's a great choice. If you want a romantic honeymoon or more luxury, you might want to go for something more expensive outside the centre. Euro Hotel: thank you for a very pleasant experience! Good value for money in central London. The good:- internet speed was very good. They had a separate wireless router for every floor. No problems there. And it was FREE! Big bonus if you're travelling for work. - very quiet location bang in the middle of London.- staff is great and very helpful.- breakfast service is fast. Stuff you should know:- the heating in rooms and hallways works very well. I turned off my radiator completely and it was still really warm. Luckily my window opened fully and there was a small fan in the room. Some people might like really warm rooms, I'm just not a fan. Something you should be aware of. Worth improving:- water pressure in shower. Some may find it to be a bit lacking. Having said that, I've never had any high power water pressure in various parts of England.- washing sink taps in my room. The water comes out against the edge of the sink. Not easy to wash your hands for example.	
Jan 30 2009 	Cheap but not nasty	Stayed here for one night with my wife and 2 children in the family suite. The room was not large but it wase clean and the staff were very friendly. They happily organised a car to the airport for us. Breakfast was a pleasant suprise with eggs, bacon, toast and beans as well as juice, coffee and cereal. The staff are not only efficient but very easy on the eye. (Hope they don't mind me saying that!)	
Jan 30 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	This hotel was wonderful!!! The staff was very helpful and punctual with all of my MANY email inquiries. I was liking the place before we ever arrived. We booked a double room ensuite for six nights. Compared to many other locations I viewed online, the room was very spacious. The bathroom was a great size. Lack of counter space, but hey its LONDON!!! Im not too fond of the traditional English breakfast, my own preference, but enjoyed the other breakfast options immensely.The location of the hotel is superb! The walk from Russell Square station to the hotel was not long at all. Kings Cross is a close walk, but not too close considering we were told the Kings Cross station is a little iffy at night. But having those stops was very convenient after a long day of site seeing. Awesome places to eat in the area, and very close to the hotel. Especially Lord John Russell Pub. Great fish and chips, and right around the corner! And I have to suggest a nice Bulmers Apple Cider on ice! YUM! A nice little shopping center a few blocks down the road, a very eclectic book store, laundry mat, hair salons, pubs, and what we call &quot;convenience stores&quot; perfect for small items like bottled water etc.All in all, this was a wonderful hotel. Wonderful staff, wonderful location. Just WONDERFUL!!! My only warning has nothing to do with the hotel itself. Make sure you leave the hotel early enough to make it to check-in. The train ride from Russell Square to Heathrow is about an hour(that doesn't include the walk from the hotel to the train station.) And if you fly Continental, make sure you get off the train at Terminal FOUR! AND...dont be late to check-in because they will not let you on the plane. This is only from personal experience and being stuck at Heathrow for eight hours waiting to come home because we got off the train at the wrong terminal and were late.! :D	
Jan 10 2009 	Great stay for this price	I stayed in the Euro for 1 night booking through laterooms.com for £71.25. This was for a double as there were no singles available. The staff were friendly and helpful. The free wifi was much appreciated and the location was very handy for Euston station. The hotel is in a quiet crescent. My room overlooked the tennis court and had everything I needed. The TV was a little old and the room was small for 2 people, but then for this price I don't think you can complain. Breakfast is served from 7.30 and in addition to toast, cereals &amp; fruit juice, there is a hot breakfast cooked to order available. The breakfast room was pleasant, with good service. It was a very cold night and the room has an enclosed radiator. The room was warm enough, but if you are somebody who likes to be able to control the temperature (just thinking of my husband) then you can't do this here &amp; if it's hot in summer there is no air con. But none of that is important to me so my stay was perfect in every way!	
Jan 7 2009 	Great bargain great hotel!	Booked a single room for 2 nights with shared bathroom/shower. The room was larger than expected and very clean. Opted for shared facilities (much cheaper) and they were close-by and very nice. My only complaint is that the walls were quite thin, so just hope that you don't get noisy neighbours! Otherwise, very happy with the hotel. Breakfast was great and the free wireless was useful. It's very close to King's X and UCL, and the area around the hotel feels safe (lots of other hotels on the same street). Plus they have a small student discount so ask when booking! Would definitely come back in the future.	
Dec 17 2008 	Bargain	I liked this hotel. It was surprisingly cheap and perfectly adequate. Had a tiny single room -- could touch both walls by extending my arms out to the side, but that was really all I needed. Little front porch looked out on a square with a tennis court. I thought the porch was a little bit of a bonus. Room was warm but I was able to open the porch window. Had this not been the case I might not be giving it the rating I am giving it. Bathrooms down the hall. Decent, undistinguished breakfast. Clientele leans towards the young and studenty. Service adequate but run by foreign girls who were courteous but relatively nonchalant. Room seemed clean but I did see a mouse run across the dining room floor. On the other hand, internet was free and location is not bad -- convenient to St. Pancras, British Museum, Birkbeck College, British Library. Would be an outstanding place for a single traveler looking for a reasonably priced room for a research stint.	
Dec 4 2008 	A little gem	Stayed in this hotel for 2 nights during October.Fantastic, central location with bargain prices that include breakfast.I booked a single room but was upgraded to a twin at no extra cost.Rooms are basic and small but clean and have TV plus tea/coffee facilities.Breakfast was good - cereal, juice, tea, coffee, cooked breakfast.Hotel does not have a lift so not recommended for the older/less mobile.Couldn't ask for more at this price. Without a doubt my first choice for accommodation in London.	
Dec 1 2008 	value for money abounds	I came to the Euro Hotel as a solo traveller. I needed to use the British Library for a few days and this place is just around the corner. It's great because you can get into London through Euston or King's Cross St. Pancras and walk to the hotel and thus save on money by minimizing your use of public transport.So, the location is good, and so is the area. There are lots of hotels to choose from on the crescent but this one was great value for money.Very clean. My room was small but offered everything I need. The staff were extremely polite and the breakfast area was sweet and very welcoming. In central London - if you are not looking for any high end frills - this is where to go.	
Nov 21 2008 	Would stay again. Much better than other hotels in the area / price range	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Euro Hotel and really enjoyed my stay.The location of the hotel is very good, just minutes away from the Eurostar terminal and 2 tube stations.Plenty of shops are within easy walking distance of the hotel, in fact if you do like walking it's very easy to get to Oxford Street from the hotel.The hotel itself is very clean and comfortable with average sized rooms (larger than I was expecting having stayed at other similar standard hotels in London). In room WiFi was a real bonus.The only downside to the room was the very small television and lack of water pressure in the shower.Breakfasts were sufficient for me, however I do feel some people wouldn't like that you only get one piece of bacon (maybe you had to ask if you wanted more).One thing I would say about the hotel is it doesn't have a lift, so if your considering staying and could struggle with the stairs, see if you can request a ground floor room.I would be very happy to recommend this hotel to friends and family. In fact it was the only hotel on the street which said it was fully booked, which says a lot about the quality of this hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Money well spent	The Euro is located on a quiet street, about a five-minute-walk from Russell Square tube station (Piccadilly Line). There are several affordable pubs and restaurants in the area as well as a 24/7 supermarket close by. The double en suite was a bargain for the good sized room, central location and the breakfast included in the price.	
Oct 24 2008 	Not great for vegetarians - otherwise above average small hotel	I've stayed in some dives in London over the years. Trouble is I object to paying an arm and a leg since London's so expensive food and entertainment-wise. So I was delighted to find the excellent reviews for the Euro on this website and we booked in for 3 nights.First impressions were excellent. The room was very decent, clean and wonderfully quiet. The receptionist was friendly and helpful, and there was an unusually pleasant feel about the place.After 3 nights, the only mild hitches to the room were the TV that didn't seem to pick up more than a couple of channels (or else the remote control didn't work) and a rather too soft mattress that meant hubby and I woke each other up whenever we turned over. I can't say either of these bothered me much and wouldn't stop me booking there again.My main issue is with breakfast. We're both vegetarians. OK, you're probably saying what's wrong with egg on toast, or tomato, or beans? In theory, nothing. Except that it took a good 15 minutes and my asking 3 different waiting-on staff to determine that no, the eggs were not free range (sorry but I refuse to support battery hen farming in any form). Two of them didn't speak much English and just disappeared off somewhere; the third had to check with the kitchen. After that, I didn't dare ask if the tomatos were grilled (rather than fried in the pan with the bacon and sausages). I had baked beans one day but didn't fancy them again. So I had to settle for toast and marmalade. Not great. Vegetarians are hardly a rare breed in London these days and surely a small effort could be made to provide a suitable alternative breakfast?Having said that, this was still probably the best small hotel I've stayed in in London. So next time, I'll try and negotiate my breakfast in advance!	
Oct 17 2008 	Ok for location	I have just stayed here for one night after reading the previous reviews, when I first arrived the receptionist was very friendly and welcoming she helped with all the information I required.The room was on the ground floor at the back, which made it a bit dark and a bit warm, the room did have a portable air conditioner, and a ceiling fan, the only problem was with the window open the noise was worse, obviously this is not the hotels fault but a fitted system would be better.The room itself was ok, it was clean, with fresh towels laid out on the bed which I found was reminiscent of days past, but it was nice to see, the usual bath products were also supplied.The furniture seemed new but the bed frame made a lot of noise when you moved on the bed, the TV was a small 14 inch with limited channels, I think 3 worked satisfactorily.The bathroom was a bit old but essentially clean, apart from behind the doors which is typical of a quick clean, the bath water did not drain very well and when I lifted the push plug out it was full of hair and dirt, these need to be looked at on a regular basis if this hotel wants to continue to be recommended.Breakfast was done very well for a hotel of this level and again the staff very friendly.Overall with its location this hotel is a good bet, the attention to detail could be better though.	
Oct 16 2008	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Euro Hotel with my mum for a theatre trip. The Hotel was great. Wonderful location being only 10 mins from King Cross train station and minutes from Russell Square tube station. A very pleasant stroll took us to the theatre through Russell Gardens. The staff were very helpful, the room was spotless with decent towels and the breakfast was more than adequate, I did only have a poached egg on toast though! We stayed in a ground floor twin room. Due to the location of the hotel there was no traffic noise which was wonderful although, as expected in London on a sat night, I was kept awake with late night revellers. The noise died down about 2 which was a pleasant surprise, I suspect the serious party go-ers stay elsewhere. All in all, a wonderful weekend and I would recommend the Euro to anyone staying a couple of nights on a short break.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great locations not so great rooms.	We have stayed at the Euro four times now and love the location. However, the last time we felt a bit tricked when it came to our room and have found the breakfasts have gone downhill. I booked months in advance, explained that we would be there a full seven days and would like a bit of room to stretch, and paid extra for what they called a 'superior' room. We arrived to find ourselves booked into a tiny room. We were falling over our two suitcases and had to turn sideways and shuffle to get into bed. I asked if we could be moved to a larger room and was told that we could, but not for another night, and then we would have to switch again after a few days in that room. We decided to stay in the one we had. I asked what made this tiny room 'superior' and was told it was the furniture. I was floored! The furniture was cheap and nothing to write home about. It consisted of a wardrobe, small dresser with tv on top and an odd cart thing on rollers that got in the way. I know what the old furniture is like and I would have been happier with it in a larger room. We do love the location, so next time we will stay at one of the other hotels on the same street.As for the breakfast......eggs cooked wrong, bacon not all the way done and orange juice that has sat out for hours and gone sour. I missed the sort of service they had when we first started our visits.	
Sep 25 2008 	Very well located	I chose the Euro for its price, the good reviews found here, and most of all for its proximity to St. Pancras International train station: it's a five minute walk away. It also helped that one can roll a suitcase here from Russell Square underground station, which makes the location convenient for those coming from Heathrow on the Piccadilly line too.Once you're here you find that you are a short walk from the British Museum, the British Library and its amazing rare book room, and the east end of the Oxford Street shopping area. The hotel itself is on a quiet crescent across from a park with tennis courts.My single room was small, and my wifi connection was spotty, but it all worked out fine and I would stay at the Euro again, providing the price stays good.	
Sep 21 2008 	Good price and location	We stayed one night with our two children (5 and 9 years). We received good service as we arrived early day 1 and left late day 2. They stored our bags and brought them to our room so we could come as late as we wanted to. We had room 01 (one stair down). I thought it would be damp but was ok. Five beds and bathroom with a tub. Nothing fancy but absolutely ok. Breakfast was not overwhelming but enough. Considering the prices in London this is absolutely value for money.	
Sep 1 2008 	Walked Everywhere	After an overnight flight from Minnesota we boarded the Picadilly Line Underground at Heathrow for what felt like a long ride to Russell Square Station, but once we arrived and settled in we were struck by what an ideal location this is for exploring London. To stretch our legs after the flight we headed out exploring to the south. In an amazingly short time we were on a bridge over the Thames, looking at Big Ben and the houses of Parliament in the distance. If you like to walk, you can walk from the Euro Hotel to many parts of London.In a pleasant surprise our reserved basement room became a 2nd (U.S. 3rd) floor sunny space with a large double bed and two twin beds, still for the basic rate for two persons. For a four night stay, it was nice for each of us to have a bed to lay our suitcase out on.The location was very quiet, we slept well with the windows open to the street. The only sounds during the night were an occasional boisterous guest returning to one of the many pleasant looking hotels on this crescent.Breakfast, as advertised, was cooked fresh to order with a choice of eggs, sausage, bacon, beans, tomatoes, and “white or brown” toast. Coffee, juice, and cereals were available also. We found that most days we could eat a hearty breakfast and simply pick up a snack during the day.In the evening there are three great eating spots within a block, the North Sea Fish, the Tandoori Indian, and a “gastro pub” with extensive tapas in addition to vegetarian and British dishes… all down Leigh Street.We took the tube back from Waterloo Station after a play at the Young Vic, and tubed over to Green Park to visit Churchill’s wartime bunker, but most of the time we found it very doable to walk everywhere. Definitely a convenient, friendly, and well-run base for a visit to London.	
Aug 30 2008	I thought it was OK/Fiancee hated it	First off, the best thing about this hotel is the location. London is an expensive city, and for a location this central, the price is a bargain. I love a good bargain, but the little lady requires more than a deal to be happy. The room had a carpet with deeply ground in grime. In fact, I think I may have caught a plantar wart from it. The tea kettle was absolutely filthy, which was unacceptable. There is no lift, which is fine if you are strong, but if not, the petite hostesses will not be able to help. The ceiling fan was very noisy and was necessary due to the fact there is no AC. The shower head holder was broken, making bathing an exercise in balance. Breakfast was decent at best. Bed linens were coarse and iratating to the skin. Come to think of it, the place was really not that great, even at a bargain. I will not be returning.	
Aug 25 2008 	Very Good Stay at Euro	The Euro Hotel is located on a quiet cresecent in Bloomsbury. Russell Square underground station is a short walk. Hotel service was very good, the rooms clean and functional, strong WiFi signal, and a good breakfast was served.	
Aug 3 2008 	Clean safe friendly well-located and inexpensive	I came by myself to London for four days to do research at the British Library and chose the Euro for its location and relatively low cost (55 pounds per night for a standard single, shared facilities -- about as cheap as you can get in London at a hotel and not a hostel or student rooms). The Euro was exactly what I expected and needed.I stayed in the single room featured in the pictures here. (The TV is now mounted on the wall, giving room on the desk for my laptop, which was great for me, as I needed to check e-mail -- on the free wi-fi! -- and write in the evenings after dinner. Lovely to do so in the large open window and watch people playing tennis across the street.) It's a very tiny room, but if all you need is a place to come home and sleep at night, and a safe place to leave your stuff, then it's fine.And the location is great -- close to King's Cross, St. Pancras, Euston Station, Russell Square, the BL, the British Library, and easy access to just about everywhere else in London. Plus there are lots of restaurants, pubs, book stores, and a grocery store nearby. I walk almost everywhere when I'm in London, and from that neighborhood in the past, I've walked to The City, down to the Thames through the Temples, to the Tate Modern, and to the National Gallery, among other places. (Note, some of those walks are more than most people would be willing to do, but if you're a walker like me, it's great.)Everything was spotlessly clean and kept so throughout my stay. And I never had competition for the shower or the toilets (two of each on my floor). The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast room could get a little crowded towards the end of breakfast, but I didn't mind sharing tables with strangers. Good coffee and juice, but since I eat cereal, I can't review the cooked breakfast.Since this particular room is right above the front door on the first floor, it was a little noisy at night -- the door slams, and the row of hotels means plenty of people coming home late and chatting. But after a bit I fell asleep and wasn't bothered.My only real complaint is that the two pillows were too flat by themselves and too high and stiff together. And a mattress pad with some give would be nice for those of us who *don't* want a rock hard bed. But at least it wasn't lumpy.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	One of the best things about this hotel was that it enabled our family to share a room. Being a family of five ( 2 adults and three children aged 9,11 and 13 years) this is not easy to find within this price range in London.The room was not spacious however, was clean,had comfortable full size beds and an ensuite bathroom. The staff were all friendly , helpful and provided a great breakfast to start the day. We particularly liked the location of this hotel as it was in a quiet spot whilst still close to restaurants, other facilities and within easy walking distance of Russell Square, Euston and Kings Cross/ St. Pancras stations. We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would not hesitate to recommend it to friends or stay here again on our return to London.	
Jul 12 2008 	3 1/2 stars	This hotel worked fine for our family of four. We had one room with two twin beds and a double (room #31) on the third floor. The room was mostly beds, and there was hardly any closet or drawer space, so we lived mostly out of our suitcases. The room overlooked a garden and tennis court and had a lot of light. Wireless Internet was available in every room. It could get a bit noisy at night when the nearby pubs closed, but overall, we really enjoyed the neighborhood. There were great pubs and restaurants nearby, with a shopping center, too, between Russell Square tube station and the hotel. Breakfasts were hearty English fare. The staff was efficient, friendly, and did everything they could to be helpful. Given the dearth of reasonable priced, clean, safe, well-run hotels in central London, we felt that we got a good deal by staying at the Euro Hotel.	
Jul 9 2008 	Great clean hotel	Went to this lovely hotel with our three children, and were given the family room which sleeps five for a bargain £125 per night. (great for London) The room and bathroom were spotless. The room was cleaned every day with fresh towels, shampoo and soap. We were concerned before we went as the room was in the basement but we shouldn't have worried, there were very little noise. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful. This was ideal position for the West end, only a 25 min walk, and close to the underground. Had free access to the internet, an added bonus. The only minor complaint was the lack of tables at breakfast time, as we had to wait every morning, however there were five of us and theres not much you can do if you have limited room. The breakfast was good, with a variety of cereals, jams and juices and the English breakfast was cooked to order. Great I would definately stay here again....	
Jul 4 2008 	Very clean and convenient.	Very clean accommodations at a convenient location. We were traveling as a family of five -- ages 10 to 75 and stayed in one room. It was a little tight, but being all in one room saved us money and was convenient. The en suite bath was very large and clean and we were able to use the hallway facilities when needed.As other reviewers noted, the staff was very pleasant and accommodating. While we had no needs, I feel confident they would have tried to meet them.We were trying to connect with a friend who currently lives in London and she was able to call the hotel and leave messages for us. They took good, detailed messages. My friend said they even called her back to appologize when they thought we hadn't checked in but had. The breakfast was good and cooked to order. The location was convenient to public transporation when needed, but also close enough to walk to some sites.There was a fan in the room which kept us comfortable when it was getting a little warmer. I would highly recommend the Euro Hotel to a friend.	
Mar 16 2008 	Very good!!	Excellent !!Très propreTrès bon accueilTrès bien reçu	
Mar 16 2008 	Absolute gem of a hotel	Stayed in this hotel in March 2008. Wonderful quiet position in a crescent off a quiet road. Excellent as a stopover hotel as it is near Euston, Kings Cross and St. Pancras stations. I used it to go to the theatre and an exhibition at the British Museum.Staffed totally it seemed by young, extremely pleasant women who couldn't do enough for you. Very willing to keep luggage on day of departure for late travelling.Cooked English breakfast and the room information folder even stipulates 'don't be afraid to ask for seconds'.Rooms neat and tidy, bathroom of my room was clean but admittedly it was a one person/one direction bathroom but then this is a London hotel and for the price I had no complaints whatsover and would stay there again without question.	
Mar 10 2008 	Brilliant for the location	I've stayed here a couple of times in single rooms. The first time I got a small room. The second time was a big room downstairs. Both were fine. And this is considering the price of the rooms for the wonderful location in London that you are in. I'd stay here again if I have to stay over in London again.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great experience	This really is a terrific little hotel. Walking distance from both Kings Cross/St Pancras and Euston Station, it is clean, comfortable and amazingly cheap (especially if you take the option of the shared bathroom). A number of little extras that add to the experience for the budget traveller - there is free and reliable wi-fi, you can ask for seconds of breakfast, and the supplies of tea and coffee are generous. I am over my days of youth hostels, but can't afford luxury hotels - this is exactly the sort of place I am looking for. It's now my hotel of choice for London.	
Feb 24 2008 	Great for families students and singles. Quality above the price.	The hotel is an easy walk, even with luggage, from St Pancras, Kings Cross and Euston stations making it perfect if arriving by train from the Continent or the North. The location is relatively quiet and in a pleasant crescent overlooking a park. Reception, unusually for London hotels, was friendly, helpful and extremely efficient. Despite arriving at just after mid-day, we were shown straight to our room and although there was no porter (and not to be expected at this price) a member of staff broke off from vaccuming to help us with our luggage.The room was large compared to other London rooms we have used, and was modern, clean and pleasant, whilst remaining symathetic to the Georgian building. We chose an En-Suite room and the facilities were more than adequate with plenty of soap, shampoo, towels etc. The toilet was one of those electric masher jobs which are slightly annoying, but I guess the only way it can be done sometimes.A full English breakfast is served between 7:30 and 9:00. We had to wait 5 minutes for a table one morning, but mostly it was straight to the table and immediate service. The choice for breakfast isn't huge, consisting of cereals, fruit juice, bacon, sausages, eggs and toast. We found it all entirely adequate if unexciting. Fresh coffee was available all day.What rates this hotel as excellent then? Quite simply the service. Every staff member we dealt with was helpful, friendly and efficient, but then this really is a 'Euro' hotel. Fellow Brits, please take note!	
Jan 27 2008 	Immaculate hotel	This is a great value little hotel that is absolutely spotless which is a big plus in my book. It faces out onto some tennis courts in Cartwright Gardens. We stayed there just for one Saturday night in order to go to see Les Miserables. It is about a 25 minute walk from the West End and a stone's throw from the British Library. The nearest tube is Euston (7 mins). I chose it because all of the more central and expensive hotels got such negative reviews. This place on the other hand offers well priced accomodation with a good breakfast cooked to order (which is sadly becoming unusual). We stayed in a &quot;double ensuite&quot; which was by no means big but then again this is London. Tea/Coffee making facilites were at the ready as was free internet downstairs. Basically this has the feel of a very good guest house with hotel privacy. A few negatives however: due to the very large georgian windows outside noise was an issue during the night due to a group of revellers who clearly didn't want to go home! Much thicker blackout curtains may dampen some of this with the added bonus of keeping the room dark in the morning. Also i don't like having to pay on arrival but on this occasion didn't argue and cooperated. Thankfully i have no regrets. Definitely would stay here again but a taxi is required for the West End.	
Nov 27 2007 	Overall An Excellent Value For London!!!	This hotel is an a decent spot, close to several tube stations, as well as St. Pancras (10 mins) and the British Library. Lots of options for food and drinking real close, without being in the touristy area of Picadilly Circus and the like. The hotel itself was clean and fairly modern, however the shared baths were very small, even a bit claustraphobic if you are not a petite person. The walls, and particularly the floors are thin, but it didn't bother us so much as our downstairs neighbor as she came up and said we were keeping her awake (we were up at 3am because of time difference, etc.). Overall I had a great experience, other than the small size of the shower and Water Cooler rooms and the stairs (chock that up to being tired from all the walking and being out of shape). I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to any budget traveler who can tolerate the smallness of the shower rooms.	
Nov 1 2007 	Fab Hotel and Location	What a great little hotel. Spotlessly clean throughout. The breakfast was made to order and hot with a good choice of cereals/juices, and the staff were very very pleasant and helpful. The hotel is in a great location. It's quiet and there's no busy traffic to keep you awake. Kings Cross is approx 10 to 15 mins walk. The British Museum, We Will Rock You and Oxford Street are approx 15 to 20 mins walk. All are pleasant walks. There are tube stations within easy reach. I noticed two restaurants within two mins of the hotel and a few pubs, so if like me you are on your own and don't want to venture far this hotel is ideal location.I was dreading coming to London on my own (had to come for a conference) but I'm so pleased I found this Jewel of a hotel. I intend to go back with my family.	
Oct 20 2007 	Perfection In Bloomsbury	I had the pleasure of using The Euro Hotel in the Bloomsbury area for my home base during a recent stay of 7 nights/8 days in London. What a joy this place is!Room rates were good - as I was staying for a week I got a slightly reduced rate of £52.25 per night for a single room with no ensuite (be forewarned: the single rooms are *very* small!). The hotel is exceptionally quiet and well soundproofed; as far as I could tell the walls were made of concrete and I never heard anything from neighbouring rooms during my stay. In fact, my room was located directly over the main entrance to the hotel so I initially expected to hear doors slamming and people yelling at all hours, but there was mostly silence instead. I felt very safe during my stay at The Euro - the front hotel door is locked at all times and guests must use their foyer key to enter. There are security cameras focused on this front door and throughout other parts of the hotel as well. An English breakfast is included in the room rate and is actually pretty good - you help yourself to a buffet of cereals, juices, milk, coffee, tea, etc., and the staff take your order for eggs, bacon, sausages, tomatoes, beans and toast.The rooms - and the entire hotel for that matter - are absolutely spotless. Towels were changed daily and bed sheets seemed to be changed about every two days or so. Small bottles of shampoo and shower gel were replenished daily. As a solo traveler, I chose the economic option of the shared WC and shower. Having no prior experience with shared bathrooms I was very leery about this fact, but the shared facilities at The Euro proved to be absolutely immaculate. There were two shower rooms and 2 WCs on my floor, but they were not busy - in fact I never heard or saw anyone else using them during my entire stay. Each room is equipped with a phone, clock radio, TV, a kettle and coffee &amp; tea supplies. The staff had also created a very helpful little book which provided information about the hotel and surrounding area (where to eat, what to see, etc.). If you travel with a laptop computer, as I did, you'll be pleased to know that free in-house WiFi is provided (very strong signal; access point on each floor). If you don't have your own computer, there's one in the hotel's dining room for guests to use. This computer was usually fairly busy, with people checking emails and surfing the web for travel info, etc.The location of this hotel is fantastic. It's located on a very leafy and quiet crescent, and the hotel – and its immediate area - created a calming, restful and welcoming return after a busy day of touring hectic London. There are tennis courts just opposite the hotel and you can book these via the hotel’s reception desk if you wish. The London Underground and railway systems are very close to the Euro: Euston station and King’s Cross/St. Pancras are each about a 5-6 minute walk, while the Russell Square tube station is about an 8 minute walk away. Peaceful Russell Square is a few minutes walk, and you can reach the British Museum on foot in about 10-12 minutes. There is a street called Marchmont adjoining Cartwright Gardens. Marchmont has pretty much anything you're going to need during your stay - post office, coin launderette, a Boots pharmacy, the Brunswick Shopping Centre (mall), tons of small restaurants/pubs with great food, a grocery store and a digital photo/camera store, just to name a few. Further over on Bernard St. there's a large 24/7 convenience store called Tesco which also has a cash machine. Nearby Leith St. also has lots of food takeaway options - Tandoori, Chinese, fish, burgers, etc.The staff at The Euro during my stay were excellent - highly attentive, efficient and pleasant and, I felt, went over and above the norm to ensure that everything was perfect for my visit. If you need a cab during your stay, the hotel is contracted with a very professional service called Plaza Executive Cars, whose drivers wear uniforms and use higher-end, large, immaculately clean cars. They charge a flat rate for your destination depending on the zone of the city you're traveling to.About the only negative things I can think of to say about the Euro Hotel was the heat of my room, and the occasional noise from the other side of Cartwright Gardens. As this is a very old building, the (non-insulated) hot water pipes run up the wall *inside* the rooms (at least in the room I was in). This makes the room brutally hot, especially in the middle of the night. My room had a shared balcony with two other suites, so for security reasons I was not comfortable leaving the large windows open all night. A few days into my stay, however, the maintenance people had visited and had shrouded the hot pipes in insulation, which helped reduce the heat problem immensely. As for noise, be aware that directly across the gardens from The Euro are the student residences for the University of London. If you are in a garden-facing suite as I was, you will hear the students making noise (shouting, music) into the wee hours of Friday and Saturday nights. This occasional street noise certainly has nothing to do with the quality of the hotel nor does the hotel have any control over it.In my personal opinion, you just simply can't do any better than The Euro Hotel if you're looking for a safe, clean, restful, charming, European-style, centrally located budget hotel in London. There's probably about 1001 bad, over-priced hotels in London but the Euro is definitely not one of them. I'll be back!	
Sep 22 2007 	I'd stay here again!	My husband and I have just returned after a 5 night stay in the Euro Hotel in Sept 2007. On arrival we were met by pleasant staff but who wanted cost of our stay paid in full. Once we explained that the booking form said we paid at the end of our stay, they were fine with that. We had a room on the ground floor with an en-suite. The room was huge and it had a double bed as well as a single bed. The bathroom was spotless and the shower was excellent with plenty of power. TV was small but worked perfectly and the tea and coffee making facilities all worked too. Our room was cleaned daily with more than enough fresh towels, soaps, shower gels and shampoos to last you. There was no hairdryer in the room which was a nuisance but I asked at the reception and they gave me one from a drawer full which they said I could keep until the end of my stay. The breakfasts were very good, choice of cereals and juices and hot tea and coffee. Breakfast of eggs, bacon, sausage, tomato and beans and white or brown toast all made to order. The location was excellent, a 5 minute walk to Russell Sq and near to Kings X and St Pancras tubes too. Pleasant neighbourhood with several good pubs and bars nearby but locality of hotel was in a quiet garden area. All in all, good value, we had no problems and I'd definately stay here again no question. P.S. The double bed had 2 pillows on each side and an extra 2 in the cupboard - this never happens - I was well pleased!	
Sep 7 2007 	A great base in a pleasant neighborhood	My family (including two teens) stayed here this summer. We wanted a hotel with breakfast included, not part of a chain, a nice neighborhood, and convenient location. The Euro met all those needs. The breakfast was plain, but filling and pleasantly served. Eggs to order, toast, juices, meats, cereals, coffee, tea, beans and tomatoes. The location between Russell Square Tube stop and Kings Cross/St. Panc. was very convenient. There were shops in the area as well as pleasant pubs to visit (neighborhood type places on the way to Russell Sq.). The street was very quiet - unlike many other areas of London that we saw. We didn't spot the Brunswick mall nearby until the end of our visit, but it also has a supermarket and restaurants. The hotel has a computer with internet access in the lounge that made daily trip planning and keeping in touch with everyone at home simple. The staff was always helpful and the rooms clean. London is expensive, but this hotel was better priced than many and a really pleasant place to stay for 6 days.	
Aug 13 2007 	Pleasant value hotel	Pleasantly surprised to find a comfortable, value for money hotel in London!Spacious, clean room with pleasant views over the square ( but quite a few stairs up to the top floor). Very helpful staff and a good breakfast to start the day.	
Aug 1 2007 	Great staff	Our first visit to London ,and after all the horror stories we heard of dirty accomodation,poor staff and cramped rooms ,we were highly delighted with our room which looked out over the trees of the parkWe arrived at approx.9.00am and our room was ready for us. a real bonus after the trip from Aus.The room was clean and the breakfasts were a real treat.I'ts central location was ideal for us to use public transport to see the sights.The staff were efficient and friendly without imposing.We had a great stay.	
Jul 28 2007 	Bedbugs	On our first night in London, we arrived late at the Euro and only had some tea in the room before going to bed. I pulled back the covers on my bed and there was a bedbug on the sheet. I was traveling with a child - I checked her bed and didn't find anything there. In any case, it was too late to try to find another place to stay since it was high season and we were exhausted from our journey. I decided to make do for the night, though sleep was hardly possible.In the morning, I found another bedbug on the wall by my bed and it was bloody when squashed. We were supposed to stay at the Euro for 3 nights but that day we went to the TI and they found us a cheaper(!) room at the Royal National Hotel nearby, which turned out to be not only bedbug-free, but much nicer and more spacious, with a proper bathroom. (Our en suite room at the Euro was quite shabby, though it would have been tolerable if not for the bedbugs.)I did get a full refund from the Euro. Later, after we had left, the owner e-mailed me saying that they noticed the infestation the morning after we arrived and sprayed the room. But clearly they weren't going to tell us anything.In other ways, the Euro also fell short of my expectations. We stayed in four other establishments on this trip and all were nicer as well as less expensive (though not all were in London). There were some good points about the Euro - the staff were easy to deal with, the breakfast was nice, and the location convenient. They mattered little, however, after the run-in with the bedbugs. It was a very rude welcome to London for us.	
Jun 17 2007 	Quiet comfortable and safe	We stayed here two nights in late March 2007. It was quiet, comfortable, and safe. About a five-minute walk from the Russell Square tube station. Breakfast, included in the price, was tasty, but we had to leave early to catch a flight and asked the night before if we could have a little something for the morning, and they said no, they couldn't provide breakfast that early. Otherwise an adequate place to stay.	
May 25 2007 	Would definitely stay here again	We have just returned following a two night stay at the Euro Hotel. Had a great time, room clean and comfortable, ensuite well maintained and clean. Breakfast excellent, location fabulous - located between two tube stations, Russell Square tube less than a 10 minute walk.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay in this hotel again and would have no hesitation recommending it to friends.	
Apr 28 2007	clean quiet good for the basics	Friendly staff, quiet street, very clean, convenient location in Bloomsbury. Rooms are small, plumbing a bit old, and mattresses showing signs of age. This isn't a luxury hotel- but it fits the bill if you are looking for something clean and quiet. Given the prices of food in London, starting your day with a decent breakfast is really helpful also, and most of the larger hotels don't provide breakfast in season.Make sure you ask for an &quot;ensuite&quot; room if that is important to you- not all the rooms come with a bathroom.	
Apr 19 2007 	Nice Place To Stay	I stayed here for one night, April 13, 2007, with my husband and teenage daughter. The hotel is very clean and basic. The hotel staff were very friendly, and the breakfast was wonderful. The location is great. We walked to the British Museum, and the nearest tube station is a few minutes walk away. There are lots of pubs in the area, and a very nice fish and chip shop just down the road. We paid $260 for one night in a triple room with full English breakfast which for London is a good deal. I had read the other reviews and thought I would chance staying here. I'm glad I did. I would stay here again.	
Feb 1 2007	A good find!!	I stayed here when I went to London for my Graduation with My parents and my two sisters. The hotel entrance was really pleasant, it was more like walking into a home than a hotel. You go a through a door on the right into the breakfast room/reception. There are some nice green leather sofas to sit and read a news paper if you want . It took about 30 seconds to check in and the women was really nice and gave me some directions about the area and where the tube station was. Our room, i shared a triple room with my two sisters, had a double bed and a single. It was quite spacious..the bathroom was a shower and a toilet...there was a separate sink in the room which was fine for us because actually some one can use the shower while some one is brushing their teth or putting make up on etc. We has a nice sash window, although there was no view, there was lots of light and ventilation.The best thing I think, was the fact that when we returned to the hotel in the evenings the rooms had been cleaned really well and the towels were replaced and even the room was tidied up...anthing that was left arouond, clothes shoes.etc were all folded nicely...i was quite impressed...Break fast was good, a few cereals, toast and a full english which was made to order...and we all had different specifications for how we wanted our eggs etc cooked and the ladies were happy to oblige. location was cool, about 2-3 min walk to russell square station....Oh...and the front of the hotel looks out onto the cresent where its located which has a nice &quot;English look&quot; to it..its a good place to stay if you get a good deal!	
Jan 6 2007 	Great place to stay	I was pleasantly surprised (after paying such a low rate) to find that the hotel was really nice. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The room was really comfortable and clean, and I felt really at home there. The showers and toilets were shared, but were spotlessly clean and modern. I felt very safe in the hotel. The breakfast room was really nice. (I had seen it from outside as I walked past, and thought &quot;I wish I was staying in that hotel&quot;, then realised it was in fact the one I had booked into!) I've stayed in other hotels in this area and this one was much, much better and slightly cheaper than any of the others. Would definitely recommend it for a brief stay in this area.	
Jan 4 2007 	Nice Hotel Nicer Staff	My wife and I stayed at the Euro Hotel for three nights in October. The hotel is located inbetween two tube stops. About a ten minute walk to each. The room we were was not real spacious but was adequate. There is no lift in the hotel so for us, being on the 5th floor, it was a hike going up with luggage. But, once we got there and parked our luggage in the room, it wasn't too bad. The free breakfast in the morning was very good with eggs, bacon, sausage and juices and coffee. The staff at the Euro seem to be all younger women from Poland. They were very friendly and helped out with directions and sights. There is a computer with an internet connection in the lobby that is free to use. The hotel is near the British Museum and around the corner there is a pub for the late night drink. There is also a student housing complex around the corner that has some retail shops and a Starbucks there. Overall, we were very happy with the hotel and the staff.	
Dec 16 2006 	Clean hotel welcoming staff	Stayed 2 nights mid December 2006.Arrived late (2 in the morning) and was greeted by a very friendly woman who just gave me my key and said &quot;we'll do the paper work in the morning&quot;. Nice touch when you just want to get up and sleep (by the way: the check in woman was also very friendly).I had a single room. It was very very small but also clean. And who really needs more in London than a bed, a closet and clean surroundings.From the hallway I saw a family room (?), and it also looked nice and with plenty of space.The area is OK - actually quite British - and you are just a short walk from restaurants, deli's, tube, etc.Ole, Denmark	
Dec 11 2006 	great stay!	I stayed at the Euro Hotel in August 2006 for a few days. I wanted to stay in Bloomsbury as I was at university there and know the area. I was impressed with the hotel. Nearly every hotel I have been in in London is very economic with space. If you want an old building, rooms will be small and staircases steep. So I was not surpised that my single room just had room for the bed and the wardobe. However, the room was very clean, as was the shower and toilette that I had to share as I did not want to spend more money for the ensuite room. I was impressed how well kept shower and toilette were and had no problem using them.The staff at the hotel was very friendly. I was travelling with my sister and her husband and they took care that we had adjoining rooms. We could even use the balcony to go and visit each other! However, the balcony is tiny, I think you could not really sit out there. Breakfast was good, too!Besides that the location is great, Russel Square tube is only a bit away and there are lots of different bus lines around to take you many different places. I really love using the bus instead of the tube and sit on the top of the doubledecker busses. I was impressed how much the area has improved in the last year. The Brunswick Shopping Centre just next to the tube station has been renovated and there were a number of shops supposed to open this autumn.	
Sep 22 2006 	Good little hotle for a budget traveler	In planning my weekend to London I read through many hotel reviews, most of which expressed negative reviews about their lodging experiences so I had very low expectations. I chose the Euro Hotel for its price and the pictures on the web made it seem charming. A friend and I stayed for two nights and found the place very decent and the hosts quite pleasant and helpful. Beware, however, there is NO lift so if you stay there, pack lightly. We stayed on the top floor in a room with a double and single bed. The room had a sink, wardrobe, TV and they left us plenty of towels. Two bathrooms and showers were down the hall and although the hotel was booked, we never passed another soul in the hallway. The showers were clean, if small and had low water pressure. The bathrooms were also surprisingly clean. I found the breakfast to be very good. They offered a variety of cereals, coffee, fresh juices and/or a standard english breakfast comprised of sausage, bacon, egg, tomato and baked beans. The dining hall was pleasant, a very nice place to relax and plan your day in London. There was a computer in the corner for guests to use. They also happily held our luggage the day of check out until we returned for them. Overall, a very good experience!	
Jul 13 2006	A Pleasant Find	My family (2 Adults/2 Children) just stayed at the Euro Hotel for one night on July 11th. We stayed in the ensuite quad for 109 pounds, incl tax and breakfast. We had a very pleasant experience and would definitely stay at the Euro Hotel again.The room was an excellent price for location, convenience, comfort and amenities. The Russel Sq underground is about 4 short blocks away and the Euston station underground is about 6 blocks (connection to paddiington station and heathrow express). Though the hotel is set off the main drag onto gardened street, on the main streets there are plenty of restaurants and pubs within a block or two. There are even a vegetarian restaurant and a laundrette within three blocks.Our beds and room were lovely. Everything was neat and clean and the carpets and walls and paint in great condition. The halls were carpeted, so the hotel stayed pretty quiet. Our room was large and overlooked the garden/park. We had three large windows and high ceillings. Our beds (1 double, 2 twins) were comfortable and we had no trouble sleeping. It was a sunny, bright and cheery room. The shower and bathroom were smallish, but there were plenty of towels and shampoo and soap. I should warn you that there is no lift, so pack light if you plan to stay here (if fact, you should pack light anyway -- your back will thank you!).The breakfast was terrific. They offered a complete english breakfast (eggs, bacon, sausage, beans, tomato, toast, cereal, juice, coffee) in their rate. In the lobby/breakfast room is a computer which guests can use.Amenities in the room included a TV, phone, fan, coffee/tea makings, desk, and they provided a blow dryer when I asked for one.I would highly recommend the Euro Hotel and I am sure I/we will stay with them again next time we are in London.	
Apr 28 2006	Better than expected budget deal	I got an excellent deal on a single for a one night stopover, and was not disappointed at all by the Euro. The room was unremarkable but large for London, especially at this price, and the bathroom was modern and clean. My only niggle was that it was extremely hot, though not unbearable with the window open and the groovy 70s ceiling fan turned on!The location is a real plus, on a very quiet Bloomsbury street overlooking a bit of greenery, and within easy walking distance of Euston, Kings Cross and many central London attractions. The service was excellent - staff were extremely helpful, polite and friendly. Breakfast was straightforward but good, and served in a lovely sunny dining room. All in all, an above average budget option, a pleasantly characterful alternative to the Travel/Premier/Holiday Inns and Lodges.	
Mar 24 2006	Comfortable updated - except the mattresses!		
Feb 27 2006 	Location location location - and good value too		
Aug 10 2005	Spotlessly clean friendly and great value		
Apr 30 2004	Won't be back here		
Mar 20 2004	Good low cost option but a bit threadbare - Mar 2004		
Jan 27 2004	Confortable place		
May 20 2003	Watch Out For This One!		
Jan 8 2003	A good value		
Jan 7 2003	Perfect for the busy tourist		
Oct 31 2009 	?????????		
Oct 7 2009 	Für Städtereise gutes Hotel		
Sep 14 2009 	Spitzenlage - nach zu 2 zentralen tube stations - sauber freundlich gutes Frühstück nettes und hilfreiches Personal		
Jun 3 2009 	Cuidado con el servicio de taxis del hotel! Estafa a plena vista		
Apr 19 2009 	ottima posizione pulitissimo		
Mar 29 2009 	Buen hotel en buena zona		
Feb 2 2009 	??????????		
Jan 25 2009 	ottimo!!!		
Oct 28 2008 	Un gran hotel		
Aug 26 2008 	Graziosissimo!		
Jun 26 2008 	A recommander		
May 13 2008 	Idéal pour un séjour en famille		
Apr 6 2008 	petit hôtel de bonne tenue		
Apr 3 2008 	Valió la pena el desembolso.		
Apr 1 2008 	tutto ok!		
Sep 4 2007 	Clean pratique sympa calme		
Aug 29 2007 	Ottimo Hotel		
May 12 2007 	Ottima soluzione a Londra		
