	Value for moneyvery cleanmodern hotel 	First time to use Premier Inn, won't hesitate to use the chain again if this hotel is a typical example. The location of this one is perfect for its easy 5 mins walking distance to Victoria Apollo or Victoria Palace theatres and easy too to walk to Wetminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament etc. We also walked to Hyde Park to Winter Wonderland from here., well worth a visit! Nice modern hotel,well used but quiet, efficient helpfull staff, our room was spotlessly clean. Lovely choice for a varied quality breakfast. Will use a Premier Inn hotel again.	
Nov 24 2009 	excellent cant fault it!!	We stayed here for one night on 22/11 as we wanted to do london sights etc. We travelled with my 8 year old daughter and find it quite hard to find a family room anywhere. Our journey to london was less time than expected so we were a little early checking in but the receptionist was more than welcoming. She took us over to the check in machine and let my daughter press all the buttons which was really sweet of her, she then produced a welcom pack for her which i thought was a really nice welcoming touch, it is nice when children are acknowledged as some hotels tend to act as if they are just &quot;added extras!&quot; The room was really clean and comfortable. No noise at all at night apart from other guests opening and closing thier doors which is to be expected and certainly didnt bother us. We couldnt hear any noise from outside at all. The beds were so comfy we all fell straight to sleep! Anything we needed to ask about getting to places we asked reception and if they didnt know the answers they would look them up for us. We didnt eat here as had already booked a restaurant - big mistake. If the food is a good as the rest of it wish we had! We had booked Navaja jo in Covent garden through Toptable for 7.30. However after being delayed on buses we turned up slightly late for our table, only to be told that kids werent allowed after 7.30!!!! Felt really angry we had just spent all that time trying to dash across london to get there, noone had told us this at toptable nor does it say this on navaja jo website. In the end we went to Maxwells which was delicous. good service maybe a little pricey but guess it is London!	
Nov 23 2009 	Perfect Hotel in Great Location for this type of Budget Hotel	The best premier Inn i have ever stayed in, didn't really have any problems with anything in the Hotel. I requested an iron when i checked in and recieved it about 2 minutes after i entere my room. The iron annoyed me a little bit as it was attached to the iron bored on a cord and the cord was constantly pulling the iron in the opposite direction i wanted it and fell a couple of times and at one point caught my foot but i manged to grab it quick enough to cause any damage.Staff were very friendly and quick to deal with any requests that i may have.Literally round the corner from Victoria Station and a handy sainsbury's market around the other corner.	
Nov 21 2009 	As expected for Premier Inn	Hotel is very conveniently situated. Had room on 1st floor, which had 1 double and 2 single beds in it, which seemed a bit excessive for one person! It was spotlessly clean. The bathroom was very cold until I left the door open and turned the air con up considerably when it became OK. Could hear noise from next door - eg could tell when they were having a shower.Ate in the restaurant as I was too tired to go out. The food is pretty uninspiring and like eating in a little chef type establishment - most of the food I think is re-heated pre-prepared food. Not really worth the price charged and service was quite slow, there did not seem to be enough staff on duty, although those that were worked hard and were pleasant. I think you would do better elsewhere in the locality. Breakfast was good.Would stay again on business and eat elsewhere. Might baulk at the room charge (£115) if paying myself unless I got a cheaper price. This is always possible due to their fluid pricing structure.	
Nov 6 2009	great staff	I stayed at this hotel begining of November with my mum. the location is fantastic, just a 10 min walk to Buckingham palace and 2 mins to Victoria station. There was no problem with us getting there early the staff were very helpfull and had a room ready for us in about 15 mins, while we waited they got us coffee and biscuits on the house.everything is spotless and clean and the rooms are very quiet, we both slept well. The hotel has a lovley little bar with a big screen (volume turned down and subtitles on thankfully) just nice soft music in the background. We didnt have an evening meal there but did have breakfast, which was fine as you helped yourself and there was plenty of choise. Also there is a fantastic pub over the road called &quot;The George&quot; i think, it does good food and real ale. This hotel is great value considering its location and i cant praise the friendly staff enough.	
Nov 6 2009 	Perfect location recently remodeled feels like new. Great staff.	I stayed four nights in late October at the Premier Inn- Victoria, London, UK during a solo sightseeing stopover. The room was nicely appointed, clean, quiet, spacious, comfortable bed, with ample outlets and desk space for laptop, etc. Wifi was expensive (about 7 US$ per day) but worked flawlessly. The self-serve check-in kiosk in the lobby was almost irritating (because I had my luggage) but was so fast and efficient that before I had a chance to really get irritated I was finished! As I turned to look for the elevator, the staff-member was approaching to ask me if everything went OK and to help direct me to the elevator. I was positively impressed and I expect someday all larger, busy hotels will be using this method.Staff was very efficient and ready to help at all times. Kudos to Johanna and Wayne in particular.We had a fire alarm at around 3:45 am and all evacuated to the street where it, thankfully, wasn't raining or too cold. Firefighters came and checked everything. The alarm was not caused by a fire but rather was triggered by an over-temperature sensor in a working area in the basement, as I understood. The building has no sprinker system but has many well-sealed fire doors between segments of each floor and the alarm siren system was very effective! The staff was very helpful during and after the evacuation and refunded my room charge for that night without hesitation.As mentioned by another poster, windows do not open in the rooms. In my room the &quot;new carpeting smell&quot; was almost over-powering. I turned on the room heating fan-only for awhile which seemed to help reduce the odor or maybe I just got used to it. If you or family members have respiratory problems you may want to check in advance and see if they have any rooms with outside ventilation.The &quot;all you can eat&quot; breakfast was excellent, with plenty of options and was presented by restaurant staff in a healthful manner. The self-serve espresso maker in the breakfast area was my favorite feature. The caffiene-kick helped get me up and going early each the morning!I can happily recommend this hotel and look forward to my next stay to take up where I left off with my exploration of London.	
Nov 3 2009 	Comfortable hotel with a great location	We stayed here for 2 nights over the Halloween weekend. I chose this hotel as I have stayed in a number of other Premier Inns previously, both London and elsewhere, and also due to it's central location. I can certainly say that this newly opened Premier Inn did not disappoint.When we arrived there was a group of people at the reception/help desk, so we proceeded to check ourselves in with the self-service kiosks. We had problems with it but they were quickly sorted by the receptionist who took over and completed the check-in. The whole procedure was quite long winded and time consuming with the amount of information they were looking for and the time it took to type it in using the touch screen. Eventually though we got our room key and were ready to go!We were in room 402 - a double room on the fourth floor. It was a nice sized room with a view out onto the street where the entrance is. There is a desk for those perhaps on business who would use it. The TV was positioned in an unit that incorporated the wardrobe and vanity area. The TV was a nice size with a great selection of channels. The bathroom was bright and of a nice size. There was a bath/shower combination, but I believe there are rooms with just showers too. I do have two complaints about the bathroom though - there was a terrible musty/damp smell. I eventually came to the conclusion (by sniffing around!) that it was the lining of the shower curtain that was responsible for it. They could do with replacing it! The other problem was the lack of fan in the bathroom when showering, which was probably the reason for the musty shower curtain!The location was fantastic for navigating around London. It is literally less than a 2 minute walk from Victoria coach and train station. It is less than a 10 minute stroll to Buckingham Palace and not far at all from many other must-see sights!For me the hotel was perfect - it is of good quality and has a central location, yet still reasonably priced. A perfect base for exploring London! Will certainly be returning.	
Oct 30 2009 	EXcellent Location	We were given the disabled room. Spacious, very clean. Brilliant splash room. Only small aggrevation we could not switch off the bathroom fan, but if the door was closed it was ok.We heard no outside noise and had two terrific nights sleep.Staff were really helpful, breakfast wonderful. Location cannot be beaten!	
Oct 24 2009 	New hotel in good location	Nice new hotel in near of Victoria station. Breakfast and dinner was delicious. Service people was youthful and polite. Good local beer in bar.	
Oct 24 2009 	Some good points but I would not go back.	My wife and I stayed here for two nights in room 506 (top floor). We booked on the hotel company's website and paid 129 GBP for the room per night. Breakfast was another 7 GBP each. Not exactly budget prices (compared for example to IBIS Euston where we had stayed several days previously) but this Premier Inn had the definite feel of a &quot;budget&quot; hotel designed for minimal amenities and service. Self check-in using a computer screen that asked for a lot of information we had already provided when we reserved on the web. Only one small lift that we could find to our 5th floor room - this was also used by service staff, which caused delays. The double-bed room was an adequate size (except for the shower) but there was only one chair and the bed was too high to use as a comfotable seat. The window to the street was locked so one had to rely on the air-con for &quot;fresh&quot; air; however, the fan blew straight onto the bed (my side!). The bathroom was very clean (the hotel by the way is new - a few weeks old) but someone (previous occupants?) had carefully blocked the extractor fan with tissue paper. We asked if this should be removed and a friendly technician eventually arrived saying he had come to change a light bulb (!) and had not heard about the blocked extractor (which he nevertheless unblocked). There was no two pin socket installed for rasors or recharging phones. Toilet paper was dispensed in tiny portions from the sort of machine you might expect in station toilets. The worst feature, however, was the shower stall which was built in a narrow space under the sloping roof, obliging any normal sized person to stand sideways with head bent while showering. Breakfast was self-served in the basement (no windows) and the food was generally good quality, especially the croissants. However, some of the dishes - fresh fruit, eggs - were empty and took some time to be replenished.Our most memorable experience was undoubtedly the fire alarm which got everyone out of bed and into the street at 3.30 am. We were outside for about half an hour while the fire service (which arrived only after 15 minutes, looking sleepier than most of us) determined that it was a false alarm!!. (We heard that a fire alarm had also evacuated the restaurant the previous evening.) Since the hotel's motto is &quot;a good night guaranteed or you money back&quot;, we claimed and received our money back for one night without any problem. This was good but we would have expected the same from the other hotels that we use in London.The few staff around were indeed very friendly and helpful. So no problem there. But this is a hotel that is too obviously designed to be &quot;budget&quot; and for the price we paid I expect better quality amenities.	
Oct 24 2009 	Location excellent - choose your room carefully!	We spent a night at this hotel, and overall it was excellent, like all the Premier Inns. The location is excellent, only 5 minutes from Victoria main line and Victoria coach station. Really friendly helpful staff.However, our word of advise would be that despite their internet description of spacious rooms, avoid ROOM 5!! It's small by any standards, and is certainly the smallest Premier Inn room we've ever stayed in. Nothing wrong with it apart from the fact that 2 people really can't move around comfortably in it, and also it's right by the lift.Having said that, we mentioned this when we left, and were assured that if we'd requested a move to a larger room, they would have done their best. Obviously this room is allocated to people who are there for one night, which is why we didn't bother to request a move.The staff are amazing!	
Oct 19 2009	Clean hospitable and convenient - highly recommended	My family and I stayed here in October 2009. The hotel had just been renovated and opened under the Premier Inn name one month earlier. We were very satisfied with the cleanliness of the building, the hospitality of the staff, and the prime location. The hotel is situated within a five-minute walk of restaurants, a Sainsbury supermarket, and the Victoria rail/underground station. It is also within walking distance to Buckingham Palace. We were a group of 3 and booked one room with a double bed and a twin bed. The room was spacious enough and the beds quite comfortable. Our room was quiet, so it came as a relief that we were able to rest well. The only thing I would have liked is complimentary or at least cheaper wifi. This was my family and my first stay at a Premier Inn, based on a relative’s recommendation, and for the most part we have been very pleased with the choice. I highly recommend this location and would definitely return.	
Oct 17 2009 	Shiny and new great AC Self check-in close to Victoria Station	I chose this brand new hotel on the basis of the recent positive reviews, plus the fact that it was conveniently located and within manageable walking distance of Hyde Park, The Mall, Buckingham Palace and Westminster. Victoria station was literally around the corner, though the map supplied on the hotel's website could have been better. The Premier Inn is located on a small quiet side-street and within walking distance of a Sainsbury's, some cafes ,and the shopping mall at the back of Victoria station which has a bookshop, a Boots Chemist, clothing shops, cheap scarf vendors, a fast food hall and more. Giraffe restaurant is on the end of the same block and a perfect place for breakfast if you want a change from the hotel.Check-in was done via a screen on the wall. You type in your booking number and a few other details and out pops the key-cards. As this is obviously a new innovation there were staff on hand to guide you through the process (thanks Roxy) and there was always someone on the reception desk. I love that you can only access the accommodation floors with the key-card. Nice security feature!The room was small but perfectly formed for our needs and had good air-conditioning, though it reset itself late each night, which meant I had to jump up and switch it back on. Despite it being autumn, the room would have been warm without the AC. I don't like that the windows were sealed shut, but as we weren't in the room for long it wasn't a big issue. Premier Inn beds are great for a good night's sleep and there was not a sound to disturb us outside or inside the hotel. Bliss! That said, the maid knocked the door three times on our last morning. She must have known we were still there so perhaps it's a ploy to get you out of the room promptly. Talking of maids, she sadly went AWOL on our second day. Having been out for all of it we returned after 10pm to find our room had not been attended nor towels replaced. We rang down to reception to be told 'we don't make beds'. I imagine what they meant to say was that the maids were off duty, but they did promise to bring towels at least. I made my own bed, got ready for a shower and some well earned sleep, and waited, and waited, and no towels appeared. Grr. Close to 11pm we called reception again to find that there had been a shift change and no-one has been told of our plight. The very apologetic Jamil hot-footed it up the stairs pronto and couldn't have been nicer. Premier Inn you are lucky to have such good staff. Roxy and Jamil gave Premier Inn Victoria a friendly and professional face, but only takes one member of staff to spoil the whole stay.  The bathroom has no bath, but I'm ok with that and the shower was excellent. The loo paper now comes a single sheet at a time from a dispenser and is the kind that is next to useless - it's thin, cheap and disintegrates in an instant. For the first time ever I considered going to the supermarket to buy a proper toilet roll - it was that bad. I can't believe I'm talking about loo paper!There were only two teabags and two sachets of regular coffee in the room and those teabags were not individually wrapped, so I didn't use them. I'm a bit squeamish like that. Being right alongside the hairdryer I imagined people brushing their hair and spraying anti perspirant in the vicinity of those bags. Yeah I know I sound silly.The hairdryer was stored below a shelf and was indeed a great hairdryer, but despite me being short, it would not reach my head as the lead was not long enough. I kneeled in front of the mirror instead, and perhaps after a bit more use, the coiled lead will stretch a bit.All in all it was an excellent stay and the place has a lot in it's favour. I would definitely use it again. It's meant to have a cheaper weekend rate of £90 per night, but it was not available for our stay. This was apparently due to an event in the area, though no-one had any idea what that event might be. Hmmmmm. I'm looking forward to sampling the wares at the cosy looking bar next time.	
Oct 4 2009	Daughters 1st Trip to London	Hello,I travelled to London on 25th Sept this year with my daughter as she always wanted to see London. This hotel is so so very near the Victoria Underground Station as well at the Victoria Train/Bus Station. It is nearly directly behind the Train/Bus Station. We found it not a bother. We arrived early then the normal check-in and we were greeted by a lovely receptionist who was from Liverpool(sorry cant remember her name).She explained that it was a 2 o'clock check in but she could put our bags in the Luggage Room and we could start our shopping trip.On our return to the Hotel later in the day, we check-in and were told our room was on the 3rd Floor. They have only recently opened the hotel after doing it up and they still had another 55 room to release. The room had a Double Bed and a Single Bed. It had plently of space, was clean and had all the mod cons you would expect in a hotel room. The next morning when we were leaving the hotel I mentioned that I could hear the Air Con working in the night even though it was turned off and the Receptionist on duty at the time said that they would try and fix it and if not would give us another room that night.After a day of shopping in Oxford St and Westfield Shopping Centre, we returned to the hotel and they had moved our bags to another room on Floor 1. This room had the same lay out but was just a bit smaller in floor space but everything else was grand.We could have had Breakfast in the Hotel the morning we were leaving but decided to explore the surrounding area. Overall, I would stay in this Hotel again when I go to London again (have already told a friend about it) and if not will look for a Premier Inn Hotel near where I am staying as if the standard is the same in each of its Hotels then I wont be disappointed.Great Service and the girl on Reception who is from Liverpool was a lovley person and a great help to us for our stay,Jo	
Sep 24 2009 	First class - and so close to the centre you could pop in for Tea with the Queen	If you are like me then before booking a hotel you wll consult TripAdvisor. So I was in a real dilemma about this place since when I booked it no reviews existed on TripAdvisor - it was just being opened for September. I took a gamble and was pleasantly suprised.The hotel is ideally located just behind Victoria train station. I was on a course with CIPD that was less than half a mile walk away and was flying in from Geneva to Gatwick so with the Gatwick Express going to Victoria the location of this hotel was ideal. All other hotels being recommended to me in that area seemed to be 4* so to find a reasonably priced hotel so central was great.Check-in was Easyjet style with 2 big screens where you enter your details and out pops a bill &amp; your room key. Everything in the hotel was bran-new : immaculate carpets, bathrooms, flat-screen TVs and large comfortable beds. The staff were extremel helpful and the receptionist had great google skills for answering any queries about London!I was on business with a colleague and we managed to do a whirlwind tour of central London visiting Buckingham Palace, Houses of Parliament, London Eye, Big Ben &amp; Westminster all within a walk from the hotel.Will definitely be back at this place next time with the family.Loved the all-you-can-eat English breakfast	
Sep 21 2009 	Siobhán from Dublin	Stayed at the newly opened Premier hotel, Victoria last weekend with my two sisters and 10 yr old nephew. We found this hotel fantastic value.The staff were bright, cherry and attentive (all the time). A great location for Theatre and sight- seeing. The breakfast was particularly good value and great service too. We will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 24 2009 	Consigliatissimo!!!		
Oct 27 2009 	Buon hotel in ottima posizione		
Oct 14 2009 	Buena relacion calidad-precio		
Oct 1 2009 	Excelente gran ubicacion y servicio		
