Oct 6 2009 	Great value for money great location 	Budget, good value for money, small and tasty breakfast, great service (e.g. arrived at 9:00am and was able to leave bags at reception; because had big bags they made effort to assign me a room on 1st floor - where reception was)	
Sep 4 2009 	Dreadful hotel	Although the location of this hotel is good, the accomodation is dreadful. It lacked even the most basic amenities - there was no soap, bath mat or internet connection. There is also no lift (elevator) so I had to carry my bags up four steep flights of stairs. The hotel also charges 5% surcharge to use credit cards.There is much better hotels in London for the same price. I would not recommend that you stay here.	
Mar 21 2009 	Lovely hotel	I was very happy with my stay and would recommend this hotel to everyone looking for an afordable nice room in London. I stayed in room 14 (top floor) and had a nice french bed on my own. The room and bathroom were spacious and nicely furnished, the bed was very comfortable. The only minus was the noise of the nearby traffic (mostly during the day)since the windows arent double glassed. The location is fantastic for sighseeing and shopping-only a few meters from Oxford Street! I have stayed in another hotel (similar price range) in London before and Mermaid was much better.	
Jan 24 2009 	Great value for money	Graham &amp; Kay, Durban, South AfricaWe found this budget hotel on the web and then checked out the comments on Tripadvisor. In spite of a few negative comments we were very happy with the hotel. The rooms are small but very clean, the reception was friendly and helpful, the location is great and the continental breakfast in the resturant downstairs is more than adequate. Where else can you find all this in London for less than GBP60 per night for 2. We will definetly recommend it to all our friends.	
Jan 17 2009 	girls on their own beware	It has a very good location and it is cheap ´- 80 pounds for a single but here are the problems- It is not safe. One key fits the front door and also the bedroom door, therefore the key must fit other bedroom doors. There is only a chain lock on the inside of the door to make sure someone doesnt walk into your room by accident. I had to carry all my valuables round with me in a money belt because anyone could have got into my room with their room key.- The hot water in the shower is programmed to go off after five minutes, then you get cold water, so dont plan on washing your hair or both of you having individual showers, although maybe they allow ten minutes in double rooms.- The heat was turned down to minimum so I had to sleep under duvet &amp; blanket with my outdoor coat on top of my pyjamas!My room was clean and I liked it. Just those 3 problems really. Breakfast was quite fun in restaurant opposite. Have also stayed at Strand Palace Hotel which is same price and would stay there again for the mere luxury of being able to have a ten minute shower!!!	
Jan 11 2009 	Disgrace!Dirty!Unfriendly!Unsafe!etc etc etc.....	I met my friend in London for a nice relaxing break from babies etc. We were expecting something nice and clean and something where we could put our feet up after a long day of shopping and theatre. Oh, how wrong we were!!!Firstly we were both 6 months pregnant. Once we found the &quot;hotel&quot; (located next to a restaurant and there is no proper hotel entrance, its just a door and you really won't know if you are walking into someones flat), the first thing that we saw was a huge flight of stairs!!! We struggled the bags up the stairs and then we saw a &quot;reception&quot; desk. We had to ask if this place was a hotel, because we were so unsure about it. After handing over a £10 deposit in order to receive our room key, we had to carry our bags yet another flight of stairs, and nobody offered to help. The room was SO dirty and horrible. The smell was something you would expect in a morgue, mixed with faint smell of gas. Stained beds, ripped sofa, mouldy bathroom, dirty curtains and only two lights were working in the room. We were given two large HANDTOWELS and nothing else. No shampoo etc, just some dove soap. Cheap toiletpaper and only one roll was left at a time!!! The beds were so uncomfortable, they must be several decades old, because we just kept sinking into them. Our backs were killing. We asked the man behind the receiption desk where our Cooked English Breakfast would be served, and he stated with very broken English that there only was continental breakfast available and that it would be served at 8am in the restaurant outside the &quot;hotel&quot;. We had paid for Full English Breakfast when we booked the &quot;hotel&quot;. When we told this to the man he said that we should complain to the airline company and that he would not do anything about it. Just one look at the restaurant made us decide that it was safer to go to some cafe for a breakfast than eat in that place. First night we could not even sleep, as someone was banging the doors so loudly. The doors are suppose to have door closers on them, but all of them are clearly broken, as the doors just keep slamming!!!When we checked out, again nobody would help us with the suitcases, even though we were clearly struggling. This place is an absolute disgrace and way overpriced. We paid £135 per night for a room!!! Even the location won't make up for this place. STAY CLEAR!!!!	
Sep 30 2007 	Stairs a killer but suite worth it!! Great value for money.	This hotel was recommended to me by a tourism information kiosk at Waterloo station, and boy am I glad that I consulted them! The suites were spotless, the beds comfortable, the bathroom would not be out of place in a four-star hotel, the included breakfast simple and totally edible (I didn't take to English food, so this is high praise from me). The ladies who clean the suites do a really good job keeping everything in great shape.The Bond Street tube station was a two-minute walk away, and from there it was just minutes to anywhere you wanted to go, the West End was very close, if you're going to catch some plays. The area around the hotel seemed very safe to me, even late at night.My one quibble was the stairs. They are steep. There is no elevator. There is no bellhop. I used up a lot of calories carrying my very heavy suitcase up those stairs. If you're not into that much exercise, book ahead and ask for a suite on a lower floor.	
Jun 4 2007 	Loved this place	We arrived at the mermaid suties and were pleasantly surpised to see that it was located directly in the middle of everything, from shopping, to a 5 minute walk to the tube, on a cosy little street between oxford and new bond street.For us it was a romantic 2 night stay. We loved it.The bed linens and everything else were very clean. The room was very bright and refreshing. Very spacious.Friendly staff, although there is usually only a receptionist around.the breakfast is accross the street. good.The bathroom is very modernized. We are trying to go back again. LOVED IT.	
Jan 24 2007 	Great Location - Friendly Staff	Just returned from London and wanted to post my review. The Mermain is located on Bond street just off Oxford Street . Its a stone throw away from London's Wests end Theatres and everything was on my doorstep. The hotel was abit pricy but its expected in Central London. One thing I would like to say is that there is no lift so if you are carrying alot of baggage I would ask for a room on the first floor as I did. Rooms are nice and spacious and clean. Bathroom was on the small side but it looks brand new. I have recommended it to my colleagues as our company is near by and I know my boss won't pay for us to stay in the Ritz. If you are looking for a good 3 star hotel right in the centre of London then I would head for the Mermaid.	
Dec 7 2006	Mermaid Experience	Unfortunately I work for a company that wants real value for money, and the price of the Mermaid suites fits into their budget, the hotel was booked by the company on my behalf.The way the hotel is set out is very unusual it is based in several different upstairs buidlings throughout the street and the restuarant advertised is a separate stand alone shop in the street. Breakfast is not served until 8am which is too late for me to eat and get to work on time.The room was absolutely tiny, the bed springs had seen better days I found it very difficult to get comfortable in bed at night. The only member of staff I saw was the receptionist who spoke only pigeon english. The room was boiling and I felt very unsecure at leaving the window open because there was a fire escape staircase outside my window. There was no fan or cooling devices to use.The trouser press in the room did not work, and I had to practically sell my soul to get an iron and ironing board to use in my room. The hotel linen was not overly fresh and the bathroom had only one small bath towel which was not good. The only thing going for this place is the location, there is no comfort or luxury. I would not choose to stay here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	OK		
Jan 23 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix!		
Dec 28 2008 	SCANDALEUX !!!		
Nov 11 2008 	Parfait pour le prix		
