Nov 16 2009 	Small Noisy Average Price but Convenient	The room reminds me of a hotel in Hong Kong because it was really tiny. Check in was fine at 43 hotel next door. Staff was not giving everyone the cold shoulder, as if they do not care whether you do business with them or not. Not that we paid a lot, but $150 a night is still not super cheap. Bathroom looks modern, but plumbing sucks. Everynight we would have to turn on the water, wait for 5 minutes before any water would come out and for it to warm up. As for the bed, it's a really really cheap bed and very uncomfortable. First two nights, I couldn't fall asleep because of that. Also another weird thing is that the hotel room does not even have a phone. Which hotel in the 21st century does not have a telephone??? The walls are super thing too. There was a young Italian backpacker next door and I was able to hear every word they said.That said, a couple pros. The linens and towels were clean. They also have free wifi. It is also convenient as it'll take 2 blocks to walk to the subway (Queensway station). On the same street as the subway station, there are tons of restaurants that open late (indian, malaysian, thai, chinese, pub, fast food).	
Nov 3 2009 	Cunning trick!	This hotel, although recently renovated, hides a terrible secret: unbearable pipe noise which is heard whenever you or ANY OTHER GUEST OF THE HOTEL open the tap, takes a shower or flashes the toilet!!! The noise can keep you awake the whole night. And the hotel management of course knows this so they oblige you to pay when you arrive (although this is not mentioned in the reservation page) so that you can not escape. Yes, it is conveniently located but with such good transportation you can stay somewhere a little bit away from Oxford street - try Kensigton or City or Westminster area. Also, instead of using a third sofa bed, they gave us an air mattress which was horrible to sleep on. What is more, we had to ask them for sampoo or shower gel the 5th day as they hadn't replaced the ones that had finished the 3rd day.	
Jul 10 2009 	Unreliable 	I went through a lot of trouble booking this hotel before I embarked on my europe trip. This hotel confirmed my booking weeks before my stay. However I had been travelling around and had no internet access.Just the night before I arrive london, I had internet access and found out from my email they cancelled my booking 1 week before without any prior notice.They offered no alternatives, never made any effort to contact me in person via phone or whatsoever!I had to look for accomodation the night before I travel to london. It made it worse as it was Wimbledon weekend and there was concerts in london.They were very unreliable and totally irresponsible	
Jul 9 2009 	WORST STAFF EXPERIENCE OF MY ENTIRE LIFE - STAY AWAY!!!	This was the worst hotel experience in all of my (almost) 40 years and we want to warn people about this company and the rude, uncaring staff.. First of all, they double booked us. We had left a 2 bedroom apartment to move over to 39 suites to stay in a different part of London for the 2nd week of our stay. We booked the 1 bedroom apartment at 39 suites 2 days before we left through late rooms and I left my mobile number in the comments field for them to please call me if there were any problems. I heard nothing. So, we turned up with our copious amount of luggage in a taxi and my husband spent a good hot and sweaty 5-10 mins unpacking it onto the porch at number 39. I went into reception- which is situated at number 43 next door holding the baby and trying to contain the 3 year old. The taxi left.I was then informed that it was a computer mistake, they didn’t know why and it wasn’t their fault and there was nothing they could do. Blank “we don’t give a cr*p” looks. They also used the language barrier (they were all Polish or something similar) as an excuse for not helping.I was nearly in tears as we were a family with 2 young children in the middle of London a long way from home (Australia) and she was basically telling me “sorry you have to go elsewhere”. I think as I looked so upset (and also mentioned “trip advisor”) they decided they could get us a room that was big enough for us after all... a suite. However it was too small to fit the cot and the luggage in as well as the double and single beds. So no good!So then they said we could have (reluctantly) a room in their “new apartments” on Inverness terrace (number 43), which were “much nicer and bigger” and you can walk there. Yeah right. We had so much luggage after travelling the UK for 6 weeks (this was our last few days before flying out of Heathrow when we checked out)... and the children to carry and even though it was the next street, we still had to pay a fortune to cab it over there and ask the cab driver to help us again to unload. Luckily a cab pulled up outside to drop some other poor visitor off and I asked him to move us over. I must say that there was no offer of financial help with the taxi or a refund at any time during our stay for their mistake and all the things that happened next.... In fact our credit card was CHARGED (with no consent from us) an extra 55 pounds for checking out at 2pm instead of 12pm on the day we left, as we were madly trying to pack to go to Heathrow and had the kids to look after and just weren’t organised. We didn’t want to stay there until 2pm (we had hoped to get out and do something else in London )– so it wasn’t done on purpose – but they insisted on charging us as there was someone checking in. I doubt that very much as the room they had put us into wasn’t even ready for visitors to stay in!So on that last day, I was in tears from the stress as they kept ringing about how late we were and to hurry up (both children were unhappy and crying) and on the last call they said they were going to charge us for taking so long to leave. All this after we didn’t get into the room until half a day late on that first day - due to them! We didn’t bother to complain, just tried to forget the stress and stay out a lot (that was why we were there after all). The new room was just as small but brand new. So new in fact that the bathroom tiles weren’t finished and none of the appliances fitted. The promised WIFI wasn’t being installed until a later date and we had workmen checking the electrics etc. We had pots and pans but alas, no cooktop! We had a small fridge and a kettle, but no microwave or washer (we had paid for all these things originally as we had a baby and bottles to organise) PLUS a breakfast every day that wasn’t available at this new address! When we were refused extra pillows – I had taken two pillows from the empty guest room next door as my request had been ignored and we only had one each...then they had been taken back by the cleaner - it was the final straw and I rang and tried to complain. However it turned into a messy shouting match as I had to ring there on my mobile phone as the room phone wasn’t yet connected to reception – and so I asked them to please call me back. They were VERY rude about it and when they called back I tried to explain nicely why I had asked them to call back (mobile charges/phone in room not connected etc) but the receptionist just didn’t (wouldn’t) get it and it turned into a horrible “we don’t understand, are you complaining about the phone???” idiotic conversation. I finally got somebody else on the line and tried to explain I just wanted some pillows (!!!) and when she said NO, this is not something we provide, I really did lose it... I said how we were easy going Aussies and didn’t normally like to complain, but this was the final straw after everything they had put us through and how we had just wasted a day at a Laundrette and an Internet Cafe as these services were not provided after we had paid for them, but the new person was just as rude and ignorant and told me to email her manager and tried to give me the email address! I ended up shouting at her in frustration, “but we have no internet here!!!” .... again she kept using the language barrier as an excuse to be rude – and I hung up the phone in tears again.On the day of check out I tried to explain that we needed more time but was told we couldn’t have it. I asked what we could do with our luggage until we had to leave for Heathrow and she said nothing. So it became very very stressful. Finally my husband rang back and she was very nice and said Ogh yes your wife asked me earlier and I didn;t understand. You can leave your luggage here at number 43. So she had thought about how rude she was to me , but my husband couldn’t face trying to get it all around to the next street, or paying for a cab to take it only to get it later, so we ended up taking a chance and leaving it at the bottom of the stairs. There was no elevator (as we were told there would be when accepting the room).I can honestly say the second half of our stay in London was ruined by their rude attitude and lack of care for our situation. There was much more that happened but I am upset even just writing this and think I have written enough to give you an idea... At one time I actually said “you are so rude I can’t believe it!”... they just honestly did not care. If you wonder why we didn’t move... it was because there was no way they would give us a refund as their attitude was that we had got it cheap already through late rooms and so we should just put up with it all and be grateful.... we had actually extended our flights and paid for that to stay 5 days longer in London and so just decided to put up and shut up – just as they wanted us to... But I seriously believe I almost have post traumatic stress from these people, so please, save yourself the heartache and stay away!	
Jul 8 2009 	The best thing about this apartment was the location.	I knew I was doomed from the start when I got to Queensborough Terrace, checked in at No. 43 and they didn't have my reservation. I had booked the 39 Suites through a third party site, central-london-apartments.com. They had phoned me the day before I was supposed to be there to tell me that the credit card had declined when 39 Suites had tried to authorise a night's stay prior to my arrival. I must admit I gone a little crazy with it that week (it being my birthday, the reason for this weekend away) so I wasn't suprised. I gave central-london-apartments another set of credit card details which went through fine, and they sent me an amended reservation. That was Thursday 25th.As I say, I got there on the Friday 26th and reception couldn't find my reservation. It turned out that when they received the same amended reservation with the new card details they had cancelled it instead. After much to-ing and fro-ing, them calling central-london-apartments.com then telling me that they were fully-booked and that there was nothing they could do, they finally find my amended reservation, with the word &quot;cancelled&quot; through it that one of their staff had done. They realised it was their mistake and miraculously found me a studio, what I had originally booked.I was given room S15 on the third floor, just behind the lift. The rooms aren't very big and it really is only suitable for one person, two is a squeeze.I don't know if it was just my room or what, but where to start. The closet/wardrobe was a tall thin unit, with a mirrored front which was cracked and broken. It was unsuitable to put your suitcase in. There were no shelves and it contained maybe two hangers. It did have a safe inside which was handy. The bed, although fine mattress-wise, had no mattress protection cover on it that you get at most hotels, just one thin flat sheet that kept on coming loose as I slept. So you can imagine all the bed bugs inside the mattress.All the faucets were loose from their fittings. The shower faucet, the sink faucet and even the little kitchen sink faucet. The blind at the window was broken so I couldn't raise or lower it if I wanted. Luckily it was a hot weekend so I didn't mind having the blind down to keep cool. You can tell the apartments were hastily made and put together with cheap labour and fittings. There were also dark water stains above the door and along the exterior wall. Not brilliant. Even one of the spotlights in the ceiling was coming loose.And don't laugh, but the toilet was too high off the floor. It's one of those more contemporary built-in toilets, not a traditional one with a cistern, so it was built too high into the wall. I was actually perched on tippy-toes when sitting down, if you know what I mean. And I'm 5ft 10ins so that's saying something.The location was fantastic. Around the corner from Hyde Park with the nearest tubes being Queensway (Central line) and Bayswater (Circle and District line). Queensway was very handy for going shopping at Westfield Shopping Mall, Bayswater was handy for the Museum of Natural History and the Victoria and Albert Museum. Lots of shops, restaurants, bureau de changes nearby. The little Tesco's directly across the Bayswater tube was very handy.I didn't let the state of the apartment deter me though. A bit of shopping, a bit of culture, plus music (Glastonbury) on the telly and I had a fantastic weekend on my own.All in all, I loved the location, not too impressed with the apartment. I'd stay in the area again if I want another weekend away from home, but I won't stay at 39 Suites. There are lots of other serviced apartments in the area to choose from.	
Jul 3 2009 	Terribly irresponsible	Cancelled our reservation through email on the 26th June 09 when we were due to check in on 4th July 09 for 3 nights without any valid reason and alternatives, not even q phone call to warn us. Found out 1 day before arriving. terrible experience	
Jun 26 2009 	They cancelled my reservation 1 week before trip!	April 2009: Made my reservations through PropertyIndex.com, paid my deposit and received my reservation confirmation, all very smoothly. Check in date: July 4th (Wimbledon finals and Maddona in London weekend)On June 26th PropertyIndex.com sends me an email informing my reservation at 39 suites was cancelled and that I would get my deposit refunded because the agency stopped working with this hotel. This is 7 days before I start my trip. Just imagine the mess if I had already started my trip somewhere else!I checked through other reservation sites to find out if 39 suites had gone out of business and I found not only that they have rooms available but that they are charging almost 300 pounds above the fee we had settled in April (for a one week stay). Of couse I´m having a hard time finding suitable accomodation at a reasonable price, considering we´re checking in while Madona is in town and Wimbledon finals are taking place.So far, PropertyIndex has contacted me informing they are trying to provide alternative accomodation, but i´m quite hesitant to trust them again...what if they cancel the day before I travel? 39 suites has not contacted me so far to explain or appologize for the inconvenience.I´ll keep you updated to so you can make an informed choice should you decide to consider 39 suites for your stay.	
Jun 2 2009	Clean convenient small suite suitable for 2 people great location.	My daughter and I stayed at Apt 5 on ground floor, very clean and quiet. Cleaned every day, it was in a good location near Queensway and Bayswater stations. Plenty of restaurants/take aways close by. We had a great time in London.	
May 23 2009 	Great location.	We booked on lastminute.com and before read reviews on tripadvisor. we knew to expect a very small room with kitchenette, its what we got, but it was fine. large beautiful bathroom however! very modern. i would have appreciated knowing there was street construction outside the window our whole stay, it was from 8am - 8pm, incl Sat, maybe might be an idea to call the hotel to see if there is still construction when you are due to check in. there is no reception at suite 39, where we were located. it confused us a bit as there was nothing in our check-in notes to tell us this, but after walking around a bit we found reception in apt 43. a fire alarm went off one night which was quite annoying, but i suppose its not the hotel's fault if there is a smoker in a room!we loved the location, walking distance to portobello markets and a very nice area across from the park. we were very pleased with location, just 2 blocks from tube line. Cable TV and wireless was nice for us. Kitchenette was quite old, we didn't use as much as we thought we would due to great food options close by but loved having the fridge. Would stay again, as long as there wasn't construction.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great location in relatively quiet side street	This hotel has an excellent location, with the Central line and Circle &amp; District lines all within a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The rooms are small, but comfortable and well fitted bathrooms. The small kitchen is perfectly adequate to make small snacks, with a microwave, fridge and a couple of hot plates.All in all a comfortable stay and not a bad price for London.	
Apr 2 2009 	Very good value great location	My husband and I stayed in this apartment hotel in the Bayswater area of London in March. I had been a bit nervous because of a couple of the reviews I read on this site. We had no problems at all. We arrived early and although we couldn't check in for a few hours, we put our luggage in a cupboard that was locked. The room was large enough for two, had a small kitchenette in a cupboard, and was very clean. The cleaning staff came in every second day, changed towels as needed and cleaned the room. (I should say that we only wanted it cleaned that often.) The bathroom was very small, but there was always hot water and even a heated towel rail! There was a small safe in the room, instant coffee and tea available. One night someone was playing a guitar till midnight or so, but that was the only noise. The view was just another building, but we weren't there very much. The wireless internet worked the entire week as did the elevator. On the whole, a great little place if you're not looking for frills. As a bonus, the area is very convenient while out of the hustle and bustle of Soho/Covent garden area.	
Mar 31 2009 	wonderfull	Excellent location for public transport, restaurants, shopping, walking in the park. The suite itself was very clean and efficient (small cupboard kitchenette with everything you need) and safe.	
Feb 13 2009 	Comfortable fantastic location	We booked at 39 suites on LateRooms and were very happy with our choice. The apartments are a few minutes walk from both Queensway and Bayswater underground stations, which was really convenient. They were brand new, meaning everything was still nice and clean and new.The apartment we stayed in was more of a room - it was really small - but absolutely fine for us since we didn't plan to spend our time in London in our hotel room. The room did have a little kitchenette (in the cupboard!), with a fridge, microwave, kettle and stove. We didn't really use the kitchen for much other than tea and coffee, but it was nice to have the option. It was quiet, clean and comfortable, and great value for London, in a fantastic central location.	
Jan 21 2009 	Clean great value for money and in a great location	I have recently come to the conclusion that self catering is the way to go when staying in London for periods longer than 3 nights. On this particular occassion, I had a trip planned for 1 week, so it was important I found self catering apartments that were well equipped, and well located, and as it goes without saying, in a good location. I looked long and hard, as the choice is varied, but it seems very difficult to find decent self catering apartments in London which arn't grossly over priced or proclaimed as being seriously filthy.After much searching, I found the 39 Suites in Baywater London, on [---]. It is a newly refurbished building and the pictures were extremely inticing, as was the price! I paid 499.00 GBP for a Double Studio for myself and my partner for 7 nights. Check in was after 2pm, and unfortunately I missed my flight over and we didn't get to London until 12pm that night, but we were informed that the apartments had a 24 hour reception which was extremely useful.You pick up your keys from Hotel 43 which is located just 2 doors down from the 39 suites. The apartments are both 2 and 4 minutes walk from both Queensway and Bayswater tube stations respectively, an extremely important factor in my opinion, its always a let down to find accommodation that claims it is near public transport when in fact it is 10 minutes walk away! I was impressed with the location. There is also both a Tesco Metro and Whiteley's Shopping Centre located 5 minutes walk away, handy for food shopping! We were met by a helpful man at the reception who brought us to the building. The building has been refurbished to a high standard and has a lift. We were in room S18. Initial impressions, however, were that the room was small.....very very small. The kitchen area was build into the wall, however, saying that it was perfectly functional, fridge, microwave, hob, presses, cutlery, kettle, freezer....everything you could possibly need. No toaster however?! The room was decorated beautifully and has a great sense of newness about it, very Ikea. It was very tasteful shades of white, cream brown. The room was spotlessly clean upon arrival and well made. It was a little warm though, and during the night my partner and I often food it extremely warm, even in the middle of winter! There is air conditioning however, so this isn't a problem. The bathroom was lovely, decorated with tiles and had subtle blue lighting which gave it a cosy boudior feel. The shower was big and there was a nice heated towel rail with fluffly towels. The rooms were cleaned to perfection daily, and new towels were supplied. There was a safe in the room also, unfortunately I looked my valuables in the first night, however the lady cleaning the rooms luckily had the keys the next morning so she was able to respond promptly. All in all we had a lovely stay at 39 Suites, and it ticks all the boxes - great location, great value, and great service. You'll certainly be impressed. One thing I feel that needs to be improved was the lack of adequate facilities for luggage storage after you check out! We enquired at the reception and were informed there was a 'cupboard' near the lift we could leave our luggage, which essentially transcended into the cleaning lady locking our bags into her cleaning cupboard until she finished for the day at 6pm! Apart from this minor mishap, I throughly reccommend 39 Suites to anyone looking for an inexpensive, comfortable stay in London!	
