Nov 20 2009 	DISGUSTING HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE	The room smelled like smelly mens feet and everything about the room was dirty and grotty.At night the room was freezing cold and the spare blankets smelled so bad I resorted to sleeping in my clothes.. scarf and hat included. When showering as there was no fan in the ensuite ( where mould grew on the ceiling and walls and pieces were falling from the shabby ceiling tiles), the fire alarm went off...following which the guy from reception pounded on the door. Walking the streets all night would have been a better experience. NEVER AGAIN.	
Sep 14 2009 	Horrible horrible horrible...I even left and stayed at another hotel!	I booked to stay at the Corbigoe as it was cheap and in a nice area.When I arrived the atmosphere was not very welcoming and we went up to our room and it wasn't even clean from the previous guests!! We complained and left to stay at the guest house on the opposite side of the road.	
Aug 22 2009 	A Terrible Experience!	This hotel is such a shame that is worse than the shelter! Once I got into the room, everything was terrible. First of all, the pillows were terribly dirty and they just used a blanket to cover it (they wouldn't change the blanket till you checked out) . Besides, the television was very small in and it was impossible to watch BBC One since I believed the signal was interfered. Also, I can tell you the most terrible thing that caused my mum sick was the toilet had never been cleaned and the towel had never been changed as well. I really couldn't believe it because cleaning the toilet and changing the towel are really important in a hotel as we take a bath or shower everyday. Since they call themselves as a hotel, I believed the breakfast would be a traditional English breakfast, however, the breakfast was just a few pieces of bread, coffee and tea, which was kept in an old tin. Furthermore, the 'hotel' was far away from the Victoria station as I spent about 15 minutes to walk to the hotel from the station and I found that the nearest station is Pimlico station, which took me a few minutes to walk to there. Finally, please do not trust the information from their own website because I was cheated by their description!Good luck.	
May 17 2009 	Should be Shut Down by London Tourist Board!	What a Nightmare!This place is disgusting and should be shut down by the London Tourist Board. Mattresses had stains all over and springs were popping through. When we complained the manager suggested we stack the mattresses. Mold in the bathroom and none of the electrical outlets worked. Bathroom had a dangerously high step up and the door did not close in the opening. The toilet paper holder and toilet seat were broken and everything was filthy.The single closet was falling apart and almost fell over when we opened the door. The room was filthy and carpets were disgusting with the blanket being much the same. The windows did not shut and as we were just below the street level which compromised our security. The staff was rude and uncompromising and the continental breakfast which we did not eat was still left out unprotected by the end of the day when we returned to collect our bags to move to another hotel. Don't let anything convince you to stay at this Dive. It’s just not worth it and is guaranteed to ruin your London trip which it would have done for us had we not left after one sleepless night.	
Mar 22 2009 	Vile!	Stayed here ages ago but I think everyone needs to know how rubbish it is!!This hotel was disgusting! We went to London for 2 nights, hoping for a safe, clean place to stay. We originally booked the Park Hotel, further down the road, but we got moved to the Corbigoe Hotel as the room in the other one was 'poorly'!. Our room was right on the top floor and we were horrified at the state of it (and we aren't even fussy!). The carpets were filthy and the bed sheets had some very suspicious stains on them! the best of all though has to be the shower! it was broken and was held up with an old, sweaty UMBRO SOCK! the chain on the toilet wouldn't flush! we didn't dare get in the bed sheets and wore flip flops in the bathroom at all times! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! The only positive thing I have to say about it is good location...but I'd rather stay somewhere miles away than in this hell hole!!!	
Mar 3 2009 	Cheap hotel	We had read reviews just before our trip, that this is a hellhole. So our expectations were very low, and we had desided to check the first night and change if it really is that bad. We had a 6,5 months years old baby with us. For the price and location, this was very good hotel. Of course, there very flaws, only one towel (we asked the next day and got 2 more), the heating was on only by night, but that was when it was needed so no problem.No real blanket, but the system of sheet and dayblanket was good enough, and I think that was how it was mentioned to be.The biggest flaw was the shower. We were it topfloor, and waterpressure was, well,non-existent at that altitude. So showering was a bit hard.For budget traveller, this was very good. Shops and restaurants nearby, 100 meters on Pimlico Underground, about 1 km to Victoria. And the inner city sightseeings in walking distance.	
Feb 28 2009 	Never again	We booked a 3 night stay here for my birthday. My first time staying in London. The room we got was right next to reception. Very noisy. The bathroom needed a ladder to get in to it, if you dared go in. Mould was growing everywhere. No towels were provided and when we asked were told they were out of clean ones. We bought our own in markets. At least we knew they were clean. The window was held in with screws. The noise from reception was terrible. The staff were rude. We didn't stay for breakfast any morning. Didn't want to chance it. Would rather sleep on streets than stay here again.	
Nov 12 2008 	Never write reviews but...	Very dirty, &quot;newly refurnished&quot; in early 60ties (see the 1970 warranty in the reception of being a member in some hotel group) and necessary repairs in the way like: damaged case-door hinge repaired that the door is screwed to the shelf and you can not open it. Sharp rest of off-knocked soap holder in the shower, faded and ragged drapery on bed, moulded corners in shower basin, plugged washing basin, shower etc. I realised they do no vacuum cleaning during your stay - only think they do is that they &quot;somehow&quot; make your bed and desinficise WC. During my stay the heating was off, I experienced very cold nights, especially beware - there are no quilts, only a linen and bed spreads (not well thermo-isolating, dirty, of course).You are strictly asked to check out already at 10:30, however when I arrived just before 13:00, the &quot;large&quot; (as the receptionist said) room was not made yet. It was a double room those size and equipment I would compare to a prison cell (2,5x 4 m including bathroom), no table, no chair.The second day when I returned, the room door stayed opened, however I locked it in the morning. And what more - the receptionist gave me another key - so I also could enter another room.Also interesting was the fact, that leaving luggage in the hotel (I do not write in reception, on purpose) is charged 1 GPB per piece (I have never seen such charges, it was always free). In fact the luggage was in the breakfast room where other guests could enter.Really terrible experience, I would not believe that for two nights you can after monday night reduction pay 99 GBP.	
Sep 23 2008 	Bit of a shocker	We arrived at Corbigoe, around 11.00am after a 30 hour flight, really just wanting to put our heads down for a catch up sleep Wow room was not ready, asked to come back at 3.00pm left bags and walked around London . 7 flights steps no lift no help. Shown twin room, sheets clean, bathroom very shabby, shower mouldy not working, had to ask for help. Noise from TV and neighbours next door all night. A coat of paint would lift the atmosphere throughout. All the Traveller wants is clean, tidy room available on arrival, and a decent breakfast .Juice, Cornflakes, milk, make your own white bread toast, butter and jam. Coffee and Tea was providedCome on Corbigoe London smarten up your act, other B/Bs in England, Scotland, Germany and France are so far ahead with service to the traveller.	
Sep 2 2008 	Do not stay here if you value your life!!!	We originally booked in at The Park hotel (owned by the same people who own The Corbigoe). However when we were given the rooms (on the top floor - no lift, 10 flights of stairs) we were disgusted at what we saw. The rooms had not been made up and were filthy. The beds were dirty, the bins were over flowing with food. The bathroom - well don't ask. I immediately went downstairs and requested a refund (we had to pay as soon as we entered the building). The guy said he understood why we did not want to stay there but wanted to take us to a better hotel, with bigger rooms and a nicer shower. Foolishly we agreed and were taken to The Corbigoe.From the outside, these hotels look beautiful - however the inside leaves a lot to be desired. I think that because of the original memory of The Park, we conceded that the rooms at The Corbigoe were better - however the truth is, they were not! I have uploaded photos of the bathroom because I believe people should see what they could encounter if they chose to stay there.We were given two rooms - a twin room and a room big enough for three of us. My room was not ready when we were taken there but was assured that it would be cleaned before I came back after sight seeing.I wouldn't put my worst enemy in this room. The beds were uncomfortable with very dirty sheets. Not sure if we imagined it, but we itched all night long. The window was broken so would not close, making it cold and noisy in our room. The person next door to us, clearly could not use a key and decided to kick his bedroom door open at night. This terrified us (I was with two children). At any time of day, we could make our way down the several flights of stairs and find dirty bed linen on the floor - still there several hours later. A vacuum was also left in the landing, possibly for show as I refuse to accept that it is ever used!The bathroom was so filthy we were considering not washing during our stay. The mould and pure filth was extensive in the bathroom. I can barely believe we came out alive! There was no hot water for the shower after early morning and we used bottled water to brush our teeth due to the dirt on the sink taps. The toilet was deeply stained with a brown substance - that was just lazy cleaning staff - no excuse for such awful standards. We did not pull the shower curtain around us, for fear it might touch us - yuk!! The bathroom smelled and this obviously drafted into our sleeping area. The handles on the wardrobe and cupboard were broken and there was such dust inside that you would never hang your clothes up anyway. The breakfast described as continental was just toast and jam. But to be fair, had they served up anything more, it would go uneaten as you can just imagine the environment where it may be cooked. The reception is advertised as 24 hour, however this appears to be shared between the two hotels. We came back from a trip to the theatre at midnight and could not get in. Eventually a man came carrying keys to let us in, but it took him a further 15 minutes to locate the right key and get us into the hell hole.I am not passive in any way and complained repeatedly to the manager, however this fell on deaf ears. We found the staff to be rude and ignorant and unhelpful. I am aware that it is a budget hotel and as such did not expect plush surroundings, but a basic standard of hygiene should always been maintained and here it was not. It would be better and cleaner to sleep in the tube station. We will never return and will put this review on every travel website to disuade people from having to endure the same kind of discomfort that we did.	
Jul 17 2008	The Corbigoe Hotel	Having read the reviews about the Corbigoe hotel on this site only shortly before our stay which we had booked months ago and not being able to cancel the booking at such short notice we were prepared to face hell's teeth when we arrived at the Corbigoe, but were pleasantly surprised. We had booked a triple room and were given a room for five persons in the basement. In relation to the price (if you buy cheap you get cheap) the room was clean and OK. It is true that the breakfast (tea/coffee, toast and jam) is nothing to write home about but that is not the most important thing in a hotel, is it? The staff were very kind and helpful and all in all we had a pleasant stay at that hotel. The Victoria line gave great access to the city centre.	
Jul 16 2008 	NO WAY	Stayed 1 night in Corbigoe in a Barbie-room.We were given a tiny room that hardly fitted the double bed and the cupboard. Shower was like in a cupboard. Imagine: we were 2 people and had to take turns as only 1 person could be standing in the &quot;room&quot;. Bathroom was outside the room!Very disappointing experience. Spoiled our first day in London.	
May 29 2008 	most horrible place	we recently stayed at this hotel for a 2 night stay, originally we were meant to stay at the park hotel the man on reception said he would take us to another hotel just down the road with better rooms as we got kids. upon checking in the first turn off was we were on the second storey up 4 flights of stairs. the room had a double bed and a bunk its smelled really bad outside the room inside was small the bathroon was dirty and grimey and smelled, the beds were hard and had vile bed linens on the windows were dirty we kept expecting something to crawl out from under the bed it was the worst 2 nights of our lives my kids were miserable they promised cable tv/internet where was that we had 2 channels, the kitchen was vile we did not eat there we bought flip flops just so we could have a shower and towels and bedding to sleep on it was a cesspool not fit for human inhabitants and thars putting it mildly i wouldnt put a animal there nevermind people.....if this was a better hotel i'd hate to see the park. Please fellow travellers check trip advisors before booking a hotels i'm afraid i didnt and this resulted in the worst experience for me and my family.	
May 18 2008 	Don't go there	We were 8 adults from Denmark staying there for 4 nights. We had booked 4 dbl. rooms 6 months in advance, but on the day of arrival we were put into a 4 bed room, two 3 bed rooms and a doubble room. We were asked to change rooms for the next day and then back again the following day.The rooms (floor, shelves) were dirty and in the bathroom there were mould fungis all over.Breakfast was, if you like toast and jam, all right, but no good service at all.Don't expect to get new or dry towels when needed. Sorry to say, but the worst hotel we have ever stayed at.	
May 14 2008 	Run While You Still Can	If I could give this place no stars, I would. The staff is nice, but the hotel room was dirty especially the shower and I had problems with the toilet flushing, but I think that might be all over London. I had to &quot;tippy toe&quot; in the shower because the floor of the shower was so horribly filthy. Nothing was done about it until my last day at the hotel. Also, I came in on a day that it was snowing and the hotel had no heat. At least, the hotel clerk gave me a portable heater, but I still managed to get sick. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 6 2008 	Hell Hole	This has got to be the worst hotel I have ever had the misfortune to stay in. It was a last minute booking so we didn't have time to check it out first. It's hard knowing where to start but I think the most shocking thing for me was the boarded up fire exit which I'm sure can't be legal or in any way in line with health and safety regulations. Also, I remember the stair carpet not lying correctly so you could easily trip and fall down the stairs. We were given a twin room and both of the beds had sheets and pillows that had stains not just on one side but on both sides and at both ends of the beds suggesting that they had turned the sheets over several times rather than washing them. I was just glad we were only staying for 1 night and couldn't wait to go out and come back drunk so that I wouldn't care so much about the appauling room. We weren't brave enough to stay for breakfast. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL - IT NEEDS TO BE SHUT DOWN! It truly is a health and saftey risk and so please don't risk it - just read the previous reviews.	
Feb 27 2008 	Better than other reviews say	I was originally booked into the Park hotel (same owners and same road) but was told on check in that the bed was 'a little bit broken' and so I was taken down the road and checked in at the Corbigoe. Having read reviews for the Park I was surprised that my room, although small was clean and comfortable. The en suite was small admittedly but perfectly adequate, and looked as if it had been retiled fairly recently. The room I ended up in was actually a triple (double + single beds) so was plenty big enough for a lone traveller. It was on the 4th floor, which is a lot of steps but they can't exactly make the floors closer together. The tv worked fine, although it hadn't been tuned properly (soon fixed). Its on quite a busy road but with the windows closed it was fine. My only particular gripe was that there was no milk for the tea and coffee in the room.This place i fine if you need somewhere to stay for a couple of nights while in London (either sight seeing or for work) but not a luxuary place for a special trip but you can't expect that for £30 a night in central London.	
Feb 12 2008	go somewhere else	scary..very dirty..smells..do not do it..very nice people though!	
Jan 12 2008 	do not use this hotel	please do not use this hotel. It was horrible. The bed was clean and comfortable, the room was warm and the breakfast coffee was ok but everything else was awful. Everything was shabby dirty creaky. The cleaner I dont think had ever cleaned the windows in our room as, when I rubbed the condensation away cos it was raining, dirt ran down the window. We were just leaving then thank goodness. The window frame was filthy, the bathroom sink was awful and the loo needed a gallon of bleach down it. . The only reason we stayed (2 nights) was because we had never intended spending any time there apart from sleeping and thought we could put up with it. The shower was the worst thing. I could not bear to use it. The shower tray was held in place with so much sealant you would not believe and where there was no sealant there was black mould. Breakfast I suppose was ok if you like cornflakes, rice crispies and plastic white toast and jam. (As much as you want though I have to say)I often think that when you are out and about on a city break, the hotel doesnt matter much as all you do is sleep and wash in it. But next time I will trade up..no doubt about it. There were mostly foreign guest there, Italian, Spanish etc. I was ashamed because we have stayed in cheap hotels in lots of European cities and all bar none have been great.	
Nov 30 2007 	Foul	Run by the same people who run the Park hotel. I was due to stay in Carbigoe but was moved to the park because the boiler was broken (although my colleague was never moved). Absolutely disgusting, nothing had been cleaned in weeks, there was a thick layer of dust everywhere and the portaloo they claimed was an en-suite smelled so bad I couldn't bear to brush my teeth in there. Please don't stay, unless you want fleas.	
Oct 29 2007 	Forgot for it	Save Your money for another hotel. Belgrave Road is full of small hotels which are better than Corbigoe Hotel. They lost our reservation which was before confirmed by theyr sales manager. All negativ comments on Tripadvisor are TRUE.Tomas	
Sep 23 2007 	Worse Nightmare - Carbigoe Hotel	Carbigoe Hotel, 101 Belgrave Road , London.When we arrived at this hotel and saw the accommodations, we were absolutely shocked! First we had to climb 87 (!) steps to get to our room! Then the room was tiny, smelly, the lock on door was broken, bathroom was absolutely disgusting, sheets were stained, mold everywhere. We immediately checked out, but the hotel manager had the nerve to charge us two night stay! We didn't care, as there was no way we would spend even one night in this hell hole! It is horrible!	
Jun 27 2007 	Much better than expected	We had read some really bad reviews about this place but decided to book anyhow as it is a great price for the location in London. We were pleasantly surprised, the hotel was in a great location with two tube stops close by, the staff were very friendly too. Rooms were very small, however clean, breakfast was not fancy but ample. Would definately stay here next time we come to London.	
Jun 18 2007	Not a fantastic experience	Myself and 3 guys went to London for 3 days and as we are students, we wanted a cheap hotel. The Corbigoe looked ok on the website and seemed a reasonable price. It is the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. My room was very near to reception and all I could hear was the owner's mobile going off at 2 am and people going to their rooms, as the walls were paper thin. My supposed en-suite room had the toilet along the corridoor and lots of people used it which meant it was dirty. The so called continental breakfast consisted of cornflakes and toast - not a huge selection. Overall the place needed a good clean and more towels!! The only plus point was the location - very near to Pimlico station and not too far from Victoria. I would not return again, and would certainly not reccommend the corbigoe to a woman travelling alone.	
May 4 2007 	close it down	We stayed in this hotel on 22th September and I wish I could never stay there... the worst experience of my life... don't book this hotel and force them to close down...	
Mar 13 2007	a moist intriguing experience	Well, you get what you pay for- in our case a 2,5x2,5 m2 room, with a tiny tv and a foul smell. Our towels didn't dry in the four days we stayed there, the kettle was broken and there was mildew in the shower. The walls are paper thin- you hear every move your (horny in our case) neighbour does. Eat breakfast somewhere else. Seriously. Just around the corner a sweet spanish man makes you a delicious breakfast and good coffee.Use Pimlico underground station, much closer than Victoria.The toilet is in the hallway- and don't be surprised if someone left you a present- the toilet flushes poorly.But the staff is not too bad.	
Jan 7 2007 	Stay away!	Corbigoe is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I planned a trip to London for New Year's and while looking for a budget hotel I came across the Corbigoe website. Happy to see that there was a website and that there was an online booking discount offer, I called the hotel to ask a few questions, got them answered in a relatively professional manner, and went ahead to make my reservation online.I arrived in London and took the tube to the station Corbigoe recommended on their website. Big mistake. If after reading all these reviews you still plan to book with them, take the underground to Pimlico (2 blocks away), NOT to Victoria. After a long and convoluted walk I found the hotel. I was hoping to get in the room, shower, and sleep for a few hours. My friend who was staying with me was arriving later that day.At the receptionI was told that the room wasn't ready for another 3 hours...The guy at the reception told me however that I had to pay for everything now. Not being used to paying upfront, and not having enough cash, I was dismayed but gave him my credit card. He told me that there is a three-pound surcharge for using a card, and as I realized later, an awful exchange rate.He told me I could leave my suitcase in the room and come back in a few hours. I walked into the room and was overcome by disappointment, fear, and a desire to run away! The room was tiny, untidy and dirty. I thought that they probably hadn't cleaned it yet since the previous customers checked out. I left the hotel, and returned after about 2 hours, which I thought was ample time for them to get it cleaned, since they knew I had arrived already. When I came back the room was still unavailable, but the man rushed the maid to wrap up the cleaning so that I could use the room. As a result they forgot to leave any toilet paper or soap.I took a nap and thought that after I wake up everything will seem better. After I woke up, things were even worse. There was serious mold on the walls. The carpet was still dirty (I found jelly beans on the floor). The drawers were dirty and sticky. There was a thick layer of dust on the closet. The bathroom ceiling leaked every time someone upstairs showered. One of the wall lamps had no bulb and was broken.Given that there are no phones in the rooms, I wasn't sure how they would let me know that my friend had arrived. But he had no difficulty finding the room. Apparently, he gave the receptionist my name and they told him the room # and let him in without asking any other questions (not even his name) and without letting me know that someone was here to see me. During the 6 days we stayed the room was never cleaned, the (two) towels never changed, and the bed was made once.When I checked out there were two men in the reception. I returned the key and told them I'm checking out. They said &quot;OK&quot;. I also gave them 3 umbrellas that I had to buy for the rain, and told them that they could give them out to other customers when they need them (I needed one the first night, and was told that they didn't have any). They took them and remained silent. I stood there for a minute or so, waiting for the courtesy &quot;thank you for staying with us&quot; or &quot;we hope you enjoyed your stay&quot;, but all I got were looks of &quot;ok, you're done&quot;. At that moment all I could do was smile and be happy that I was out of there.Had I not paid in advance, and were it not a busy time of the year, I would have left from day 1. I was looking forward to writing this review to prevent others from ruining their vacation. I am not really fussy about where I stay, but at Corbigoe I was counting down the days for my vacation to be over.	
Dec 18 2006	ok	We expected a cheap hotel with low standard and that is what it was. The linen was clean, the bathroom got cleaner during our stay... but it was cold and unwelcoming.Some small changes could make it to a nice place. For example if the men/owners(?) were nicer! If there was a welcome board on the inside of the roomdoors, Telling:&quot; welcome to carbigoe hotel. We hope you will have a pleasent stay &quot;...so on and at last &quot; please note our breakfast time, our checkingout time...&quot; etc.There was one time for breakfast at the reception and one at the breakfastroomdoor.We had to ask for towels, toiletpaper etc. We didn't bother to ask for soap, we used our schampoo.otherwise it was worth the price we payed.	
Nov 26 2006	Should Be Closed Down	Neve assume that London has hotels to offer if you just turn up without having made any plans. Otherwise you end up staying at the bottom of the barrell in the likes of the Corbigoe hotel! The staff have no attention to detail and just seem to be plain lazy. The place looks like it was set up 30 years ago and hasn't had a touch up since. They overbook you into their hotel and then send other customers down to their other flea pit, the the Rama. We sussed this out when speaking to two other guests. The hotel does not have rating and the experience which I had has taught me never to come to London under prepared.	
Sep 25 2006 	Its not worth a rating it was worse than terrible	My husband organised a cheap break for us for our 5 year wedding anniversary for two nights, Im generaly not to fussy about staying in a one star hotel providing its clean. When we arrived the staff members were reasonably helpful, they gave us keys to our room which was one level down from reception and requested confirmation as to whether or not we wanted breakfast, we said we did and paid an extra £5 each for the two mornings.When we opened the door to our room we were welcomed by an awful stench (it smelt like a cat had urinated in it). The ceiling was stained from leaking water (this started dripping throughtout the second night when we had rain) there were two double beds that smelt musty and a single towl for us to share placed on one of the beds, and half of the plug socket was smashed with wires exposed.The bathroom was disgusting, the tiles were dirty with mildew everywhere, both the sink and toilet were grimey , and only one toilet roll had been provided (I cant say I found the idea of having a shower very appealing) and again the wires were exposed on the light above the mirror.After our first nights stay, we had showers in the morning and placed the dirty towel on the floor, for them to replace. when we came back that evening the towel had been picked up, folded in half and placed at the end of the spare bed to dry.In order to get ready to leave, I stripped the bed (Im a bit daft like that) anyway, its then that I saw what state the pillows are in, it was disgusting they were extremely yellow!Breakfast - Yuk!!!we went to have our breakfast only to find that the glasses were stained and the tray where the Milk and Orange juice were placed was greasy and black, when you lifted up the jugs there was a shiney silver circle (the colour the tray was meant to be) where the tray had been protected from the jugs!On our second morning, they ran out of butter so I went looking for someone in the Kitchen to ask for some more, I was shocked at the mess and scum around the Kitchen, if I didnt have a strong stomach I would have been sick at the thought of where the bread etc was being stored.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. and think that Health and Saftey need to get involved.and they need to consider getting off their backsides, stop chinwagging on their mobiles and scrub the rooms before the next poor sucker walks through the door and gives them another bad review.	
Sep 19 2006 	TERRIBLE AWFUL DISGUSTING...(need I say more?)	Unusually I did not check the reviews on tripadvisor like I normally do before booking a hotel. I really wish I had now...The experience of my girlfriend and I was very much like those of so many people who have left reviews. On arrival we were told that the room they had reserved for us was not available as there was a 'problem', so they would be taking us to a nearby partner hotel - the Chester Hotel.'Taking us' actually meant that we had to walk quite some distance down the street with a member of the reception staff, who didn't offer any assistance, even though we had quite a few bags between us. We were then met by a member of staff from the other hotel.Had I not already paid for the room through hotels.com, I would have walked away as soon as I saw it. However, I did not see there being much chance of me getting my money back so we decided to brave the room for the night. The room was very small and was probably even too dirty for cockroaches to stay there. The fridge in the room did not work, the cups for us to drink tea from were covered in a healthy layer of dirt, which was actually not such an issue given that there was no tea, milk or sugar provided in the room (I eventually discovered that this was to be found in a tray outside of reception in the basement, not that I would ever have taken the risk of consuming anything from those cups) and various wires covered the floor in front of the bathroom door as the TV was some distance from the aerial socket, meaning a trip or fall was a possible occurence. Two double beds (but only 1 towel in total!) were provided in the room for our use. This was fortunate as it allowed my girlfriend and I to choose the option with the least unidentified hairs on the pillow/under the duvet. I am sure that the carpet would have proven itself to be more than a match for Mr Dyson's greatest inventions. It was very much a place where you allowed skin to make contact with any surface at your peril! My opinion of the hotel was cemented when I visited reception at 9am to return my key and check-out. After knocking on the door marked reception twice, I was met by a man dressed only in boxer shorts who just managed to grunt a thank you as he took my key. This demonstrated the level of (un-)professional service provided by the hotel. At this time, one of the two entrances to the hotel was wide open: we were very pleased to see that security was so high on the list of priorities of the hotel management. Overall, I would never ever ever ever suggest that anyone use this hotel. Not only was it disgusting but the general level of security and safety provided by the hotel was a real concern. If you are thinking about taking a room here as it is the cheapest option in London, stop being such a spend-thrift, spend an extra £5-10 and go for one of the large budget chains such as Etap and enjoy the extra travelling time from central London, it is worth it!	
Jul 2 2006	this hotel should be illegal!! i challange you to find a worse hotel in london!	When my dad and i first booked for our accomodation, we booked for the park hotel. It looked so nice and cosy on internet. On arrival we were informed that we would be staying at the corbigoe hotel instead of due to electrical faults! Also that we'd be moved to the park the next day, so we thought right, fine better than nothing, and at first the staff came across as friendly and helpful! i must have had a stressful day to think that! After checking in and mentioning that we'd booked two en-suite rooms, we got a double room each, no extra charge, how generous we thought!! ! we mentioned that we had booked 2 ensuite singles, and instead of an explanation or apology, we got a dirty look!! the tv in my room did not have a single channel that worked, the draws and wardarobe were unfit for use and had a funny musty smell, so badly that i had to wash my unworn clothes when i got home!! no ensuite facalities in the room except for a wash basin, bedsheets that smelt horrible and were stained, bed that looked threadbare, the carpet may as well not had been there! i looked forward to having in room tea and coffee facilitys, but after inspecting the cups, i wouldn't let a dying person drink out of one! the paint work needed redoing badly, carpets that looked like they hadn't been hoovered ever! scratches all over the bedside draws! the towels provided in room, was so disgusting i wouldn't dry my dog with one!! as for the rest of the hotel, all carpets were threadbare, the toilet smelt horrible, was tiny, and the door lock was about as much use as a chocolate fireguard! i tried to avoid using the toilet as much as possible, the subway toilets in westminster were like royalty-type compaired to this! the shower was so small, so dark,so dirty, i went without a shower for 3 days, i thought to myself, which would i rather do, smell or catch a disease!! the staff were inconsiderate, i had the misfortune of being in the room nearest to reception and had the pleasure of them shouting at the top of there voices at 5 in the morning! and no i didn't request a wake up call!! i looked forward to a nice breakfast and cup of tea! the tea tasted like it had been drained out the nearest sewer, the breakfast was cornflakes or toast, the cornflakes tasted like they were quite literally &quot;so last year&quot; one morning my dad and i sent the toast back!! we felt fortunate to be given jam to go with it! i am a lover of orange juice, there juice didn't taste of orange! so after all that we had to pay out for food on outings! the breakfast room was cold, un appealing, cramped, basic, and not to mention so uncomfortable that i would have been happier to sit on a park bench! if you want accomodation that is at least clean and provides a cup of tea, i wouldn't so much recommend this hotel for that!	
Jun 19 2006	What a Dump	OH MY GOD - what a dump this place really is - we booked to stay in the Park Hotel and was ushered along the street to this hovel - unfortunaltely we had already paid or we would have told them where to go. We were on the top floor - window would not close all catches broken so very dangerous considering we were in a family room. The furniture was all broken/bare wires everywhere, it was called ensuite - what a cheek it was a stinking shower and toilet in what i can only call an airing cupboard. As we were only staying for one night we decided to make the best of it and went in search of a pub not to return until midnight. Considering how stinking/shabby everything looked we decided to pass on breakfast and checked out by 8.30am just to be out of there. So my advise to you is not to stay here - even on a budget you are being robbed as this place is surely a health hazard and should be closed down.	
Apr 30 2006	Corbigoe Hotel then...	I booked into this hotel primarily because this was the cheapest I could find in London and our New Zealand dollar (at that time) would only fetch 33 English pence. My wife and I are not fussy people when it comes to accommodation and with some foresight had an idea of what we may be getting ourselves into.We booked and stayed for 5 nights and although breakfast was included we did not eat there but preferred to make sandwiches in our room. Some issues about Corbigoe are listed below:1. Expect to be asked to pay your full accommodation costs at book in time.2. Staff are OK but not overly helpful3. No lift, If you are on the top floor you will need to negotiate some pretty tough stairways ( alright for those who like the exercise).4. Change of towels and bed linen are irregular.5 TV set will get 2 or 3 watchable channels6. Double room was adequate but ensuite toilet and shower required attention (mildew etc).On the plus side:Centrally located, close proximity to Pimlico station and local laundromat, Victoria Station about 1km away. (If you are concerned about the cost of &quot;eating out&quot; in Westminster City you can catch a local bus just outside, which will take you all the way to Campbell Town for cheap eating).Overall:As one reviewer pointed out, &quot;You pay for what you get&quot; My reason for flying half way around the world was to see London's sights and scenes on a budget. I used Corbigoe Hotel for the purpose of having a cheap place to rest my head each night. Although, I was far from enthused about Corbigoes service, it primarily suited my needs. Would I stay there again? Maybe, if Corbigoe can rectify its faults and upgrade its service (if not already) I cannot see why not.	
Mar 21 2006	Cheap means cheap	You definetly pay for what u get, when we arrived we were greeted by a tiny room, the room itself was clean and tidy, so was the bathroom apart from the shower which looked to have not been cleaned in weeks, we were disappointed with the breakfast which was small,(and the breakfast room was so cold you needed to wear a coat), definetlely not good enough for a days wlking around in London, for breakfast there was only cornflakes, tea, coffee(which was cold), and toast which you had to make yourself bearing in mind there were only 2 toasters for everyone, you even had to make your own tea, not the best organised in the world then when we were leaving we wanted to leave our luggage for the day and they charged us 1 pound per bag, I wont be staying there again.	
Mar 19 2006	Turned Out Great !!	After Reading all the scary reviews on this place(After being booked of course) We were freaked to say Just a Little. But not sure what anyone else &quot;really&quot; went though, BUT Our stay was Great. We were on the 1st floor and our room was very clean and Bigand it had it's own toliet/shower. The Bed and linens were clean and the were very polite and acommadating. It was cold and they offered and supplied extra covers and asked many times was everything was satisfactory.What a Pleasant stay it turned out to be.Thanks	
Jan 23 2006	Stay at own risk!	This was the most disgusting hotel I've ever had the displeasure of staying in! The only thing clean in my room was me...and that was after walking around London for 8 hours! The bathroom was a biohazard, the sheets were dirty and the staff were completely useless. In terms of safety/security: at one point during our stay, some random guys with keys to our room just waltzed in while we were changing to go out (&quot;we&quot; being 3 females in their 20's). When confronted we were told by the staff that the workers were told to wait but just wandered up to our room anyway. Fair enough but...um...but how did they get a key?!?! Oh and breakfast was great...if you're into stale cornflakes and white Tesco bread with a toaster. Avoid this hotel like the plague...it's a waste of your money and likely a genuine health hazard.	
Nov 7 2005	Bad experience Do not consider this hotel	Hello,We booked a room at Park Hotel, 64 Belgrave Road in London. When we arrived, the receptionist told us that our room was to another hotel: the Corbigoe Hotel at the same street at number 101, close to Pimlico tube station.She told us: &quot;room number 15, a big room with bath&quot;We got the room on the top floor (4th),terrible dirty,disgusting and small!Receptionists were rude and disonest.We ask to keep our bags the last day and they ask us for 4punds, ok, when we take it bak they ask again for other 2 punds.That's the wrost experience I ever had.Please DO NOT consider these hotels: The Park and The Corbigoe. Disonests, dirty and rude service.Trust us, don't go there!!	
Oct 14 2005	No charm - not too clean	We were warned by another tourist that cozy means small. When we opened the door to our room, our first view was of a wall. There was a long hall leading to our bed which was crammed into a corner. There was not enough room in the hallway for two of us. There was not enough room to place our luggage in the room except on the bed or in the aforementioned hallway. There was an amoire with mismatched and barely functional clothes hangers. The bathroom was o.k. - clean and with good water pressure but there was no bath mat, no face cloths and only two small towels. We had to ask for soap. There was a window that didn't lock. All drawers in the amoire and side table were dirty so we didn't use them. We had to pay for breakfast upon arrival - this was a suprise as we were under the impression it was included. The breakfast room was a bleak affair with a large bowl of cornflakes, some bread and coffee. I guess you get what you pay for. We stayed for three days because we had paid in advance and had little confidence that we would get our money back. We moved to Melbourne House on the same street. It was paradise.	
Sep 13 2005	Dirty!	Had a reservation att the Park Hotel on the same road (please see reviews about that Hotel before booking!), but was ushered to the Carbigoe instead.The room was tiny, dirty and smelly. Will absolutely never return to either of those hotels.	
Sep 7 2005	A nightmare	I wanted to cry when I arrived at the front door,so imagine what I found inside! It is the last time I choose a cheap B&amp;B by internet,I have learnt definitively.	
Jul 17 2005	DishonestRude 	It is totally below the lowest rating that can be made here with dishonest reception that does not provide the room according to what has been reserved but trying to offer discount to make the guest stay. When the trick does not work &amp; the guest cancel the stay, the dishonest hotel charge the total amount of full stay, rather than one night stay!!!!! Hope those who have the bad experiences with this hotel assist us to get back our tourist and consumer rights!	
Jul 1 2005	Possibly the worst hotel (or hole) in London	This might be the cheapest hotel in London but its definitly the worst. 24 hour reception involved a man in a sleeping bag asleep under the reception desk. If anyone complained the owners suddenly ceased to be able to speak English. The rooms were reasonalby clean although the furniture had no handles! We left too early to sample breakfast which was maybe a good thing! If you want the cheapest hotel in London this is for you but if you want any soft of standard of comfort look elsewhere!!	
Jun 20 2005	Heinous	I recently had the misfortune of spending 1 and ½ nights in the “royal” Carbigoe Hotel,the most disgusting condemnable rat hole I have EVER seen. I am a United States Marine currently vacationing with a friend from back home in Europe and I had thought from prior experiences in Iraq I had seen the worst. NEVER did I EVER expect to find a place of business let alone a Hotel in downtown London in such Heinous condition. If you continue on you may find humor or you may find disgust but this is the absolute truth about 2 gentlemen and how we paid to sleep under conditions you wouldn’t find in the worst Compton Crack house. Honestly people it was so nasty it was funny, at least to a bunch of 22 year old travelers, families beware.We had just finished up a wonderful 5 days in Barcelona, full of fun in the sun, great food and awesome people en route to London where neither my friend nor myself had ever been. After squelching by on remedial Spanish we both looked forward to being able to utilize our English again, myself more than my friend as I have been living abroad in Geneva for over one year already without returning home to the states. We arrived in the late afternoon to 101 Belgrave road via Taxi from Victoria’s station which is fairly close by. The Carbigoe hotel was chosen in advance off of Expedia primarily because of it’s location and due to it’s reasonable price we had low expectations from the get go. As we entered our “palace” the first thing my friend and I realized was that this was not the same hotel we had seen pictured on their website, we wondered. Next we noticed a dingy smell of crud permeating through our nostrils complimented by the overbearing noise of an ensemble of hammer’s drills and screaming Arabian men. An Arab man wearing a polkadot butterfly collar shirt with goldrope necklace came around from the corner countertop and greeted us with a sly smile whilst we pulled out our Expedia confirmation.Preeminent dread filled my thoughts as the “gentleman” at the front desk proceeded to tell us we had to pay him and that our expedia reservation was just a “reservation” which required a fee in which he claimed he received nothing. Hmmm…. Pretty pricey for a minimal service arrangement such as hotel accommodations. Of course being the streetwise cat that I am I immedietly countered with a look of extreme anger and mistrust and demanded to see where it say’s that I had to pay twice. Having the paperwork on me of course worked to my benefit as he could produce nothing. After the two minutes of haggling it was time for my pal and I to see our room. We were given the key to room # 14 a few stories up, I grabbed my luggage and headed 2 feet from the desk towards the only direction other than the exit which was a narrow decrepit carpeted monstrosity someone could also describe as a staircase. I went on to lug my hefty baggage upstairs when I almost tripped over the ridiculous amount of garbage strewn across the first landing, I wobbled and regained my composure then proceeded up the next flight of stairs. We finally reach our destination. Room #14 we open the door and find ourselves in a room as follows, Four disgusting soiled walls with random holes and hand prints everywhere. Three mattresses pushed together to form what I guess was supposed to be their equivalent of a kingsize bed (hence the knickname we gave the hotel “the Royal Carbigoe”) linen strewn with I kid you not, pubic hairs. Notheless It reminded me of something you’d see in the home of abusive foster parents. The carpet was stained and reeked of urine, was also torn in most area’s. The sink jutting out of the wall was rusted and when we turned the knobs we were shocked to find brown water spurting out from the faucet. For entertainment my friend and I were shocked to see a non-functioning 1960’s era television set that I’m sure not even the salvation army would have excepted as a goodwill donation from a dying 80 year old man. The furniture could hardly be called even that. Our dressor unit looked as though it had been manufactured by a three year old, it was crooked and had rusted nails sticking out of every nook and cranny, even the décor on my Marine Corps issue wall locker was nicer. Overall this place was a dump. But as heinous and awe inspiring this room was we could not overlook the one comforting amenity the management was so kind to include, and that was two stained and dirty coffee mugs with two wet instant coffee packet’s, even a complimentary half used roll of toilet paper. thanks guys. Well, were only here for two days we both thought since we are only using this as a place to crash out at night what the hell. Hmmm… Why then am I writing this paper? Please continue reading.We were both getting “cleaned up” before getting ready to go out for a night out on the town, although I must admit it felt a bit more like getting “dirtied up” in this joint. My friend came dashing up the stairs, I could tell 10 seconds before he entered because of the increased creaking coming from the floorboards beneath his feet. He came in wet with a beach towel wrapped around his waist (they didn’t even supply us with a towel) on his face was the look of disgust. He said “Deniz man the shower is clogged..” I ran down to investigate and opened the “community shower” which was at best a 4ftX4ft closet that had been tiled inside and converted into a shower by someone simply jamming a pipe through a hole in the wall and then chiseling a hole in the side of the floor which was clogged up due to cigarette butts jammed up inside its crevice. I wanted to puke at the site of dirty water overflowing into the hallway and onto the already moldy dirty carpet. Nonetheless after a half hour of drainage I was able to take a 30 second shower myself by quickly wetting my body down then to subdue the imminent flooding that was about to occur, quickly shutting off the water and soaping up (with my own soap of course, they didn’t provide us with any. Although their was a dirty brown piece of soap floating on the shower floor..) then I rinsed off very quickly (the shower still overflowed). My buddy and I quickly got dressed and locked the door behind us running from this disaster.. we were quickly slowed by the Arab man who ran the front desk stepping into our way and propositioning us to bring him back some lady’s when we returned later that night. Although I cannot speak directly for the opposite sex, I will go as far as to call this man the sketchiest person alive. We ran down to Victoria’s station and after this episode we were determined to hit up a bar in order to drown out the awful feelings this brief encounter with the carbigoe hotel had induced.We returned sometime in the wee twilight of morning, I wont go into detail of our exact condition but it was good enough so that we didn’t really mind lying down in our disgusting room and passing out. We were both in a deep comatose slumber when at sometime between 7 AM and 8 AM we were awoken by a banging and kicking at our door. Could this be real? Was I dreaming? I quickly came to and my friend from the other side of the room (yes we moved the beds) babbled in a half sleepy tone “what the hell is going on..??” I got up went over to the door and asked who it was. In a thickly accented language one might call English our Arabian friend who we can also now refer to as Mr. Sketchball was demanding we open up and let him in. Well since I am only a guest in his Royal Palace of Carbigoe I was obliged to do so. He came in, this time wearing a brown leisure suite but with still the butterfly collar and gold rope knecklace adorning his hairy chest. Sketchy sat down on the edge of my friends bed. He spoke of things, many things but it wasn’t until he pulled out a set of keys from his leisure suit pocket did we actually comprendo what was going on. He said in a raspy voice whilst exhibiting the sly smile we had both come to know and love “you go upstair, new room, today we have construction demolition this room.” Hmm.. could this be true, was our friend Senor Sketchball really demanding we leave this room so he could destroy it. What luck!!! So we gladly agreed to Sketchball’s demands and told him within one hour we’d be ready to relocate, he gave us a grin and said “Yess you lucky, today you move up in Carbigoe.” What could we say after that?Although I don’t recall what room number we were now moving into, it was located directly above our current lodging and as we made our way through yet another set of wobbly stairs and through the mountain pass of garbage left on the landing and up over a stream of toilet paper stuck to the floor in front of our new accommodations we breathed a sigh of relief…. One more night here and were GONE. Amen. We opened the door and found a room almost identical to the one from the night before, except for one improvement. This time there were no holes in the wall’s. I felt flushed, I felt angered at the thought that our good friend Mr. Sketch hadn’t accommodated us this well the first night. I know this room was vacant because for nothing less than novelty my friend and I had toured the hotel top to bottom the day before taking pictures and documenting the other oddities we found hilarious. Makes you wonder. Anyways this time we left our luggage and locked the door, setting out for our last day in London. We got done sightseeing around 9 PM and headed back to the Carbigoe, thank goodness, only a few more hours left and we were out of here. We had to wake early in the morning, approximately 1:30 AM so we asked Mr. Sketch if he could give us a wakeup call, he agreed but I asked him how he would go about this since we didn’t have any phone in our room, he smiled … Chills ran down my spine as I became even more creeped out than ever before as he grinned. I then asked again “so, sir… how do you plan on waking us up?” he pushed some yellowed, cracked button on the wall and I heard a slow whiney buzzer go off, ingenious! He has a system, we’ll see if it works. I turned to Mr. Sketch one last time with hope in my eye’s and asked him also if he could call a cab for us to be ready and out front at 1:45 AM. He looked back and grinned muttering something that sounded like “no problem.” This I believe is common practice at most hotel establishments around the world. I suggested we pack up early so we wouldn’t have to worry about it at 1 AM… My friend agreed so we did just that. I looked on the floor and saw a dirty black sock, thinking it belonged to my friend I almost went to pick it up when my friend informed me it wasn’t his. I had noticed this sock since earlier in the day but I just assumed that it was his. I guess I was wrong. But someone tell me this, WHY IN THE WORLD was there someone’s dirty used sock on the floor of my hotel room, I paid to stay in this hotel room… WHY! Before we hit the hay my friend suggested we walk back downstairs to check out our room from the first night. We did so and were shocked to see a sheet tacked to where there was once a doorway, we peered through even further and to our astonishment found a demolished room, Sketch wasn’t kidding when he told us a demo crew was coming up there that day, I mean I took pictures this room was completely destroyed, I smiled at this thought and said to myself this was perhaps a good thing.Luckily my cellphone alarm went off at 1:30 I never heard the buzzer. My friend and I got up, I was ready first so I told my friend I would go downstairs and find out if our friendly front desk attendant had called our cab since he hadn’t woken us as he promised. As I sped down the spiral of doom known also by the name staircase, I heard the buzzer go off. Slick guy you are Mr. Sketch, Very very slick. This guy was so on the ball that when he heard me coming from all the way down on the 1st floor he felt compelled to push his stinkin button, that way I could never say he hadn’t done for me what little he could. Thanks. So I make it downstairs and I see Mr. Sketch, not smiling, not frowning but rather dismayed and in panic. He had not called the cab. Our bus was leaving Victoria’s at 2:15 AM, it was approaching 2. Thanks again Sketch. So I kindly and patiently asked him “Sir, could you please call us a taxi? It is urgent.” He assured me that he would and picked up his cell phone and smiled, slyly… he hung up after a few words and said “ok I call, you pay me now.” I looked at him and assured him that when the taxi came I would pay them myself, and that I appreciated his kind goodwill gesture of trying to take that burden upon himself. He fumed back “No you pay me now for call Taxi, service me pay cell phone bill!” I laughed, could this be for real, this fellow who had made our stay a virtual nightmare, whom I showed more compassion and leniency than most without so much as a single complaint, could he really be mad at this simple and favorable request. Even after all the money I had paid to stay in this dump, which I might add is a considerable amount for what could be considered a negative five star establishment, Mr. Sketch still wanted more. That was it, it was time to release. I looked at Sketch, I stared him right in the eye’s and saw nothing, no feeling, no conscience, no remorse for his selfish and devious way’s and I let loose a verbal assault with such eloquence and tact that he could say no more. He stood there silently staring at his pathetic wall as my friend came down and joined me in the akward silence that seemed to last forever, although in actuality it was only momentary. A car pulled up, not a taxi but rather another middle eastern gentleman in his own private vehicle and Sketch motioned us that our cab had arrived. This was what we call where im from in Boston, a Gyspy Cab which I believe is quite an illegal practice. Sketch and the driver spoke and embraced, perhaps our taxi driver was a relative or fellow crook, we didn’t care at this point we had a plane to catch. So we climbed into this so called “taxi” to knowingly get overcharged and headed out to nearby Victoria’s station never to return to that stink hole called Carbigoe again. NEVER. Overall London was great, but I attribute none of this to our hotel at all. If anything this hotel was the only blemish on our entire trip which took us to many other destinations over a 2 week period.For those wondering why I would take my time and write such a piece let me say this. If it is not already evident I am not a writer, this was not for profit and this was not to defame the establishment mentioned, at least not for personal gain. I was so compelled after staying in this establishment and so dismayed that there appears to be no regulations or sanctions to prevent this place from operating and advertising falsely I might add on reputable websites such as expedia or hotels. Lastly I will simply state that I wouldn’t have my WORST enemy confined to this rathole. The management is horrendous and this is a building that ought to be condemned. Like I stated earlier I have clearly slept in rougher places, but certainly not by choice and certainly not for any kind of fee. So Carbigoe, I surely join many, many other’s in saying your hotel is the MOST heinous and disgusting hotel I hope to ever, ever see. For people reading this please take my word and don’t subject yourself to this type of masochist abuse by staying here.	
Mar 14 2005	A little Gem	Having paid such a nominal amount for what we thought was a 'Budget Hotel' in London, imagine our surprise as the concierge opened the front door, we were greeted by a large marble floored reception with a beautiful chandelier hanging above the centre piece fountain.Our initial surprise turned to amazement as we were shown to our fully en suit room. Beautifully furnished with a Moroccan theme, the view from the room over the rooftops with the London Eye glistening in the distance was simply breathtaking. The bathroom had a Jacuzzi the size of an olympic swimming pool and the fresh flowers lying on the bed epitomised the level of service and care that the staff of Carbigoe Hotel show to their guests (how refreshing)! The restaurant had a fully a la carte selection that would seriously challenge Mr Ramsay at Claridges.This quiet little &quot;gem&quot; tucked away in sleepy Belgrave Road is an absolute delight and we have no hesitation in recommending the Carbigoe Plaza Hotel (they even do a Honeymoon special rate - superb)!The truthIt was shocking. Unfortunately i am unable to use a similar word beginning with the letters 'sh' to fully describe how awful this hotel really was.	
Mar 10 2005	The Pits - Vile!	I wish there was a minus scale rating on Tripadvisor as this hotel does not warrant even 1 out of 5. It is vile and I was bitten by bedbugs!!!!! Disgusting, dirty and most certainly unprofessional. I would't even consider it to have Youth Hostel standards - honestly! I wish I had read the reviews below before booking.....do any official tourst boards act on the information stated by guests on advisory sites such as this? If so, the reviwes give plenty of reason for the place to be condemned, closed down and...if possible, bulldozed! PLEASE DO NOT CONSIDER THIS HOTEL.	
Mar 6 2005	Good	please, people is really funny. If you want low cost dont expect a 5stars service. The hotel is good , i stayed 3 nights and everything was ok. Greatings!!!!!!!!	
Feb 16 2005	If you are looking for hell you find that on Carbigoe	This hotel isnt even worth lookin' at. For starters we arrived to found out that our order had mysteriously been lost. The guy in the lobby tried to trick us three times into some &quot;special&quot; deal that was in fact the same as regular price. Then finally we got this crappy hole in the basement, room number one with one double bed and two single beds. The double one, was terrible so say the least and the other two were broken. The bathroom was like the bathroom in the film Trainspotting, we had to ask for the hair dryer and there was no soap or nothing. The guy in the lobby doesnt look like he is trustworthy and you will feel insecure at this hotel. The check out time isnt 11 or 12 like they say on the homepage but it is 1030 so if you leave at 11 then you have to pay an extra full day. To sum up this is the worst hole I have ever found in London, the worst lobby guy in the world and I seriously hope that nobody ever goes there again.	
Feb 7 2005 	Looking for sexual harrassment? Book this hotel...	We reserved a double room at Park Hotel, 64 Belgrave Road in London through a travel agency. When we arrived (10:30 pm) at the hotel, the owner/receptionist told us the hotel was being repainted. So he took us to another hotel, Corbigoe Hotel, 101 Belgrave Road. He and the owner/receptionist at Corbigoe looked at us a lot... and looked pleased that we were from Sweden (or &quot;Swedenland&quot;, as they called it).We got a double twin room on the top floor (fifth floor, no elevator). Sure, it was spacious, but we were asked to only use on of the beds. The mattress and the pillows were lumpy and hard, and just felt really nasty. The shower was drizzling (not fun, we both have very long hair...) and we had no soap nor towels upon arrival. We did not dare to use neither the mouldy fan nor the spotty water boiler. On the second night the owner wanted us to change to a smaller room. So we had to carry down all our luggage, from the fifth floor to the reception, and wait in the breakfast room (damp wallpaper and broken blinds) while he looked for another room.After 15 minutes he returned and said we could keep our room. After trying to offer us free beer several times he helped us to bring back the luggage to the fifth floor. We then remembered to ask for new towels. We first got a towel with spots, so we asked him to change it. But he first invited one of us to the balcony (through the fire escape door) to, we suppose, romance her with the &quot;beautiful view&quot;... Of course that did not work. The other one of us agreed to follow him back down for yet a new towel. He first looked in the reception desk, but claimed there were no towels left. So, he grabbed her hand and led her downstairs to the breakfast room, where he had a closet with &quot;fresh towels&quot;. Upon return he pinned her to the wall and put his arm around her waist, and whispered &quot;Do you feel comfortable?&quot;. &gt;&gt;Yuck&gt;&gt;. She said &quot;nonononono&quot; and ran up the remaining stairs back to the fifth floor.On our last day he asked us to please stay for a cup of tea, and even wanted to give us breakfast for free. But we wanted to leave this nightmare as soon as possible and instead asked for a receipt. But he refused to give us one. &quot;No, you don't need it.&quot; &gt;&gt;Excuse us?&gt;&gt; While talking, he would not stop shake hands with the one of us that asked for the receipt. Finally, he asked if she was happy (??!!) and said that she was a fine girl. And hugged her. &gt;&gt;Yuck again&gt;&gt; When we left the hotel, he was checking us out one last time. Maybe he will miss us, we definitely never want to see him nor his Park Hotel-accomplice ever again.We will not return to London for quite a while...	
Jan 17 2005	Worst hotel ever!	Carbigoe hotel can be described with one word: discusting! I can't believe how anyone can call this a hotel! The room was dirty, and the bath room was probably never been washed. The reseptionist made the whole place even worse! In the middle of the night, somebody tried to brake into our room, so we refused to stay there more than one night. We cancelled our stay there, and were suppose to get money for one night back...we never got those money. If you wanna feel safe, never stay at this hotel!	
Dec 21 2004	abhorrent	When I booked this hotel I understood completely that it was a 1 star hotel. I am in no way a hotel snob and have stayed in quite a few lower grade places. This hotel ,however, should have a negative star grade. It is absolutely horrible. I thought the stairs were going to collapse on the walk up to our room. When we opened the door we discovered not 2 but 3 twin beds shoved into our room. The comforters had dirt and grime all over them. My dog has better bedding in his doghouse. The hotel was doing some kind of construction on the floor above us and the sound was terrible. My travel partner and I left immediately. I booked the room through Expedia and I am extremely disappointed. The pictures on their website are not of this same hotel. I strongly urge no one to stay at this establishment. Also, please double check all hotels if you are booking through Expedia or any other company.	
Dec 16 2004	Run don't walk away from this hotel	I booked this hotel on line and paid ahead of time and they gave my room away. I called two hours prior to arrival because my airplane was late getting in. The manage said no problem we will keep the room for you. When I arrived they had sold my room as well as another couple from Spain. I had no money on me so they charged my credit card 20 pounds for cab fair. My husband and myself as well as the Spanish couple had to share a cab to a hotel that was 1 1/2 hours outside of London. We did not even arrive untill in the hotel untill 5:00 am. I was only staying two days in London so this basically ruined my trip. I consider myself lucky not to stay there as the whole hotel smelled of mold. The pictures of the hotel online are not the hotel at all. There was an award plack on the wall from 1970. I think it must have been the last time they cleaned.	
Nov 30 2004	nasty and ugly	Wow, this was the nasties place I have ever stayed in and I have stayed in hostel's before. The carpet looked like it hasn't been clean in over 100 years, and I am not exaggerating. The ceiling was stained. At least it was all there, because the first room they tried to put us in, it was missing a big chunk. The bathroom was the best of them all. It was so small that you could sit on the toilet, brush your teeth over the sink and take a shower at the same time! The TV was more of a decoration because it didn't work. However, the location is great and it is safe. It just depends on how low you want to stoop for your living conditions.	
Oct 3 2004	Stay Away- Worst hotel experience ever	We arrived at Victoria station in early September, 2004 at 10 pm (25 min walk with luggage). Pimlico station is only 5 min away but this is not advised on the web site. On arrival our internet booking was confirmed and we were asked to pay for our 3 nights in advance with a request for cash as part payment as &quot;the receptionist had to go shopping early in the morning&quot;. (Being tired and wanting to rest we agreed)After we had paid we were then told there were no rooms available as our room had a damaged door that could not be locked and were escorted to another hotel in a nearby street for the first night.At this other Hotel we were asked to wait for the room to be made ready. We asked to see it immediately and found the room unclean with an ash tray full of cigeratte butts (we had always requested a NON smoking room).We refused this room and after some more phone calls (never in English, so we could not know what was being arranged) we were taken to another hotel where we were given a room on the 3rd floor. It was clean and acceptable. We were told they would come back at 9 or 9.30 in the morning to take us back to Corbigoe Hotel for the remainder of our stay. We left at 8.30am the next morning to visit the Corbigoe to see the room first, as we had doubts. The room they were to give us was still occupied, so we couldn't inspect it. The 'receptionist' knocked on the door and asked the lady when she was leaving (we were embarrassed that he disturbed her). She said she was leaving at 10.30 as arranged, and when I apologised that she had been disturbed, and that we had just asked to see our room, she put her finger and thumb to her nose and indicated by sign language that it was smelly.We queried about the room with the broken lock that he had said would be fixed, and he said, 'I'm giving you my best room'.We left for sightseeing, returning at 7pm. We looked inside the room, and the bathroom stunk. We said it was unacceptable and very smelly. We asked for it to be cleaned, and left to have dinner.When we returned about 8.30pm, it was obvious nothing had been done to clean the bathroom. There was mould on all the walls, and the toilet smelled badly from not being properly cleaned, and broken dirty tiles on the floor.When we complained again, they then took us to another hotel down the road, which was a basement room with an even smaller bathroom, about the size of a toilet with a shower and handbasin in there as well, that was in very poor condition; and the room was even smaller than the one we had been in.We refused that room and returned to the Corbigoe frustrated but with no other choice but to stay the night. We were shown the cancellation policy that if you don't like it, go elsewhere; everywhere else is very expensive they said, and they would not refund the money for rent.When we asked to see the owner, we were told he may be there the next morning about 10.30, but they were not sure if he would be there. It was difficult to find out who had any responsibility -one minute the man called himself the manager, the next time he was just the 'receptionist'; their story of their position kept changing.On the third morning we asked to leave our luggage till later that day. We were told (by a different 'receptionist' who said it was his first day), that it would cost one pound per piece of luggage to leave it. He said we could leave it in the hallway, and when we asked for a secure place, he offered the breakfast room downstairs. He said 'we've never had any problems'. How did he know if it was his first day?My husband called him into the room, asked him to step into the bathroom, and said, 'would you like to use this bathroom? (because of the smell) He replied 'no sir', and agreed that we should not be charged to leave our luggage.I am sure there are some quite reasonable hotels in the area, but always always inspect the room before you pay your money.	
Oct 1 2004	The worst Hotel I ever stayed in.	DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!! This hole in the ground should not be called a HOTEL. The rooms are Disgusting. The manager makes you pay first and then tells you that the room you booked is not available, then he puts you in a dirty room. Stay away from this place unless you want to get ripped off.	
Sep 25 2004	badbadbad	This was our first stop on our european tour this summer and we didn't get off to a good start at all. When we first walked in the room, I felt like crying. The carpets were dirty, there was hair on the bedsheets, the bathtub was plugged so everytime we showered it took forever to drain, and the complimentary coffee was on a tray on the floor! To make matters worse, my mom found a dirty sock under her bed! I cringe even just thinking about the experience. I would not wish it on my worst enemy. The staff is also very rude! DO NOT stay here no matter how tight your budget is!	
Jul 28 2004	Do Not Stay Here!	Our booking was originally for the Corbigoe Hotel on the same street. After walking for 25 minutes from Victoria Station (with luggage), we were greeted by an unfriendly man who spoke no English except, &quot;I don't speak English. Please wait.&quot; Eventually, another man (whose English was not much better) came from another hotel to collect our money. Then, he made us move to the Park Hotel because Corbigoe was overbooked. After giving us the room key, he informed us that breakfast was not included in our room rate, even though when we reserved the room, it was included. He told us that we would have to pay 3.50 pounds each if we wanted breakfast. When we protested, he dismissed our arguments and continued to tell us that breakfast was not included. We found out the next morning, however, that fighting for breakfast was not worth it, since it was simply cornflakes and bread (hardly worth 3.50)!Our room was on the 4th floor, no lift. The room was tiny, with only an aisle of one foot to walk around. The bathroom was tiny (smaller than a cruise ship!) The toilet did not flush all the time, and the water was either really HOT or really COLD, and the shower did not have adequate water pressure. The room was filthy. It was obvious that it hadn't been vacuumed in a very long time, and during the 4 nights we stayed there, it was never vacuumed. The trash was only emptied once, and we never got enough towels. There was a kettle to make tea, but after the first day of using the teacups, they never replaced them. Every morning, around 4am, we were awakened by a loud noise emanating from somewhere in the building. The doors squeaked a lot, as did the stairs, so we could hear everyone in the building moving about. All members of the staff were discourteous and could care less about customer satisfaction. We were never made to feel welcome at all, except when we paid for our room. All these people care about is your money, and they don't seem to understand the concept of customer service. We were not the only people who had problems with the hotel. There were two other parties who were moved from a different hotel, and each got into a shouting match with the staff.Whatever you do, don't stay at Park Hotel or at Corbigoe when you come to London! This is the worst place I have ever stayed at. Even youth hostels are better than this!	
Jul 26 2004	PLEASE DON'T DO IT! Don't stay here...		
Jul 23 2004	Do not stay here		
Jul 15 2004	A Beguiling Hotel		
Jun 29 2004	Worst Hotel We've ever stayed in		
Jun 15 2004	Reserved Park Hotel ended up here		
Jun 12 2004	Unreliable		
May 25 2004	Worse experience ever!		
May 25 2004	Leaky roof bad electric bad plumbing		
May 19 2004	Cheeky!		
Apr 19 2004	Do not stay here if you want a place to sleep		
Apr 19 2004	.....da evitare		
Nov 5 2009 	absolument infame		
Oct 25 2009 	einfach wiederlich!!!!!!!!!!!!		
Sep 5 2009 	ne pas y sejouner		
Aug 31 2009 	Horrible		
Jul 24 2009 	Desastroso		
Jun 13 2009 	c'e di peggio		
May 11 2009 	A éviter !!!		
May 10 2009	Auch für wenig Geld sollte es sauber sein!		
Apr 19 2009 	Da paura!		
Apr 14 2009 	Inadmissible		
Apr 5 2009 	Mmmm...		
Mar 3 2009 	hotel affreux !		
Feb 19 2009 	Aceptable		
Feb 8 2009 	Terribile esperienza nel Corbigoe		
Dec 22 2008 	Hände weg von diesem Hotel es ist dreckig heruntergekommen... einfach schlimm!		
Aug 22 2008	ORRIBILE		
Aug 21 2008 	discarica con tetto		
Aug 17 2008 	Plus jamais!!!!		
Jul 15 2008 	Schrecklichstes Hotel das ich je gesehen habe		
May 5 2008 	Orribile!!!		
Jan 21 2008 	Mai visto cosa peggiore		
Dec 31 2007 	Très très déçue		
Sep 13 2006 	Desastroso		
Aug 17 2006 	Never again!!!		
Aug 13 2006 	Katastrophe!!!		
May 27 2006	Scheußlich eklig kalt		
