Oct 27 2009 	a disgrace it should be knocked down	this hotel is the worst ive stayed in for a start nothing like the pics on the web its smelly rundown, dirty, in bits. we had to change rooms as the room had half a kitchen in a box room with walls that were black from a leak,tiles broke,no hot water, smelly carpet,rude staff we booked out earlier than planned. the fire escapes where blocked on all floors by broken beds and mattresses. the bar in the basement you wouldn drink or eat in it!!!!!**********DO NOT STAY HERE IT SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN BY  ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH***********!!!!!!!!!!!WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE	
Oct 13 2009 	do not stay here	First night put us in room two doors away in no.09a bed up against window to keep it shut .main frontdoor open 24/7.next night put in main hotel 10 floors up lift only go's up one floor.breakfast if you are lucky you will get a table but you must tell the staff it is there job to clean the table before you eat at it.As they told me to clean someone elses mess.people stood round eating there breakfast where they stood.It was a free for all,nothing like pictures on web site.Good job we was only there 3nights.very cold in room asked to put heating on but they did not. came home with cold.	
Sep 14 2009 	Horrible Scumbag Hotel	I'm a flight attendant and have traveled all over the world for 35 years. This is the worst hotel I've ever encountered. Wet plaster fallen down because of a leak in the ceiling, smelled like dead mice, dirty-torn carpet, the bars missing from the towel holder and toilet paper holder, no sink or tub plugs, almost every tile in the bathroom broken, 2 springs sticking up in my mattress!!! We had prepaid through an online booking company and they wouldn't give us our money back so were stuck here for 4 nights! Yuck, yuck, yuck! They ONLY good thing was that we didn't get bedbug bites! Oh, the phone didn't work either!	
Sep 13 2009 	Could somebody please pull down this facility!	My worst experience ever. This is not a hotel - this is a crime! Dirt everywhere, bad smell, defective door locks, indifferent staff, no phone in the room as explained on their website, mould in the bathroom, minimum water pressure makes it difficult to take a shower, worn carpets with holes, terrible smell out of the tub plug hole. In the beds with the ancient saggy mattresses you have to expect to get seasick. When you check in they want to get paid in advance - once you have seen your room you know why. SERIOUS WARNING: Don't stay there!	
Jul 23 2009 	HORRIBLE	It's horrible. I do not recommend to any of my enemies to accomodate at Ascot Hyde Park in London. Is the most horrible hotel that I ever state: old furniture, broken and dirty carpet, bad smell everywhere. The restaurant is in a basement, in the small place , the furniture is jammed in the first world war: old furniture, with chairs and tablesbroken. Tables are covered with faces of plastic (vinyl) material. Do not ever never accommodated here - better sleep in Hyde Park which is close.	
Jul 9 2009 	The worst experience in 40 years of travel	I booked this hotel first for a one night stay and then for an additional stay of three nights the following week. The first night was passable but the kettle and hairdryer did not work. The bad part came the following week. Instead of the hotel I was offered a &quot;basic room&quot; in the annex because supposedly there was water damage in my room. This annex room is smaller than a jail cell. A bed a chair. That is it. No bedside table(no room) no mirror. no bath, shower toilet or sink. For that you have to climb up twenty wobbly steps. The lock is so flimsy anyone could open the door with a hairpin or crdit card. the building shakes and rumbles from the tube line under the street. I didn't have nightmares, because I couldn't sleep. Pay a bit more and don't ruin your vacation by staying in this &quot;hotel&quot; PS I also have pictures of broken bathroom tiles, chipped sink and rusty mirror I couldn't take a picture of the remote, there was non.	
Jul 1 2009 	like a tent in the desert	it's a shame to call this trash building hotel.the word dirty is a complement.we felt likr in a prisoners' camp in the sahara desert.don't even try to step inside.the prisoners will cheat you.run away as fast as you can.sad to say i'm trapped in this cage right now	
Jun 8 2009 	Cheap and rundown but does the job	I stayed at the Ascot Hyde Park Hotel for 5 nights in May 2009 with some family members. I booked a single room but after one night paid extra and transferred to a twin. The single rooms are tiny as are the shower and bathroom in them. The twins have more space and are better located in the hotel. There is a lot of people, road and tube noise because of its location. This hotel is cheap by London standards, so you should expect that the hotel is very old and rundown, however, we found the staff more than helpful as we changed a couple of the rooms - nothing was too much trouble. Location wise - it is perfect - everything you need is very close by. You are paying 2 star prices, so don't expect a 5 star experience.	
Jun 7 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!!!!! Its Terrible	After winning some money at a tvshow, I descided to treat myself, my boyfriend, my litlesister and my litlebrother a trip to London!!! I booked this hotel before I came, because it look like a OK hotel on the webpage.WELL.... When I came, we had to pay for both rooms, and all three nights before we got to see the rooms. BAD MISTAKE. The rooms was in another building. So we had to go outside again and a few meters down the street, and then through another door. I started to get nervous. My brother (who works in the police) was very shocked over that we had to go out of the hotel, and in another door to get to our rooms.. It wasent very safe! The rooms was on the 5th floor, and there was no lift. The rooms was terrible. The bath was diry, the beds where dirty, we could'nt close one of the windows so we heard everything that was going on down at the street.We checket out again, one hour after we arrived. There was no chanse that we could get much sleep in that awfull hotel. The man in the reseption said that we couldn't get any money back (we had allready pre-paid for two rooms for three nights.. bad mistake) The man at the reseption was angry. So we left.... We booked two rooms at the Holiday Inn Mayfair, a beatyfull hotel.. But thats another story :o)	
Jun 4 2009	do not pay in full online for this 'hotel'	i paid in full online for this hotel and wish i hadnt. booked it because the pictures looked promising and there was a lift to every floor, the main selling point for me as i have arthritis. when we got there my daughter and i were shown to a separate building two doors away. the room we were given looked like staff or dss accomodation as i have never stayed in a hotel before that had one wall taken up with work top fitted cooker and washing machine!!. it was a small room the whole floor space taken up with a double bed. the shower looked clean but when i used it the shower filled up with water because the drain was blocked, with what, i tried not to think about it. my daughter chose not to shower. the inner door lock was very flimsy and the outer door was open and unattended until 1am. myself and my daughter had both felt safer on the streets. the drawer fronts fell off the one bedside cabinet at the slightest touch. the shower door was one of those cheap corrugated folding ones. when i told the guy at reception i had booked the hotel because of the promise of a lift he said there was nothing he could do about it. so my arthritic hips, knees and spine had to travel up and down five flights of stairs. the bed linnen however was clean although the towels had a strange vinegary smell. i cant speak for the main hotel as i only saw the reception area and we didnt have breakfast as we just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible. as with most of the reviewers on here the only good thing i can say about the ascot, which i understood to be the ascot hyde park, maybe changed to try and avoid the onslaught of bad reviews, is the location. had i only paid a deposit, i would not have stayed there.	
Jun 2 2009 	THIS IS A REALLY CRAPPY HOTEL - DO NOT GO THERE	My family and I were at this hotel for a week in march 09 - i had booked a family room - the first room i was shown was a normal double room with 2 extra beds dumped in front of the wardrobe so that this could not be opened - I asked for another room and was offered one on the 5th floor which was not accessible by a lift - there was some more space at the expense of furniture as even the phone was on the floor as no table would fit between the beds - very bare room, with broken tiles in the bathroom which cracked when you walked on them, a handtowel rail which kept coming off the wall, tv remote not working..... on protesting i was told that this is what they have and as this was one of the very few hotels which still had some rooms left over the easter period, i had no choice but to take it - it is really a shame that the london tourist board should let this hotel operate as it definitely is a crappy one.	
May 16 2009 	The Special Offer price was very good value for money	Excellent value, in a central location on bus and tube routes, with an acceptable level of service.	
Apr 27 2009 	What can I say...it was cheap	This place was dismal. The rooms were dirty and dusty. The linens were clean, however stacked in dirty closets or in piles on the floor. The staff were rather dismissive and 'hung out' rather than worked. The location was quite good though, and it was only about 45 pounds a night.Oh yeah, don't have the breakfast.	
Mar 16 2009 	Please avoid at All Cost	Due to an unrefundable booking through a travel agent we were compelled to stay 3 nights in one of their &quot;new&quot; 2 bedroom flats. Space prevents a full description of the horrors. Basic facilities were missing or broke down, the staff were generally indifferent, the bar/breakfast room was insanitary, one can hear and feel the arrival of trains at the nearby Tube Station etc etc. The website is completely misleading, it is best described as a low level backpackers hostel.	
Mar 3 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed at the Ascot for 2 nights in February and were extremely grateful it was only for 2 nights. As mentioned in previous reviews, there was no-one at the desk when we arrived. He was actually outside having a cigarette and had decided not to follow us in. This was a common theme. Either that or there would be a few members of staff at the desk who had just decided to ignore you. Our room was not ready but we were advised that they had a &quot;luggage room&quot; available if we wished to leave our bags - this turned out to be a cupboard in the dining room that anyone could have access to and was piled high with bags and suitcases.The hotel itself is pretty grim. As also previously mentioned there is a peculiar smell in the entire building that they have attempted to mask with multiple plug in air fresheners. The whole building is extremely run down - carpets are worn, dirty and torn, plug sockets and various wires hang from the walls, the walls have holes in them, the ceilings also have holes and are sagging with damp in places and the corridors are generally filled with bags of rubbish and excess pieces of furniture (fold- away beds etc). You can't help but pray that you don't need to escape from the building in a hurry. Our room was actually a decent size - a double and a single bed and had the obligatory plug in air freshener. It was as run down as the rest of the hotel and unlike other reviews had obviously not been cleaned before we went in. The lock on our door did not appear particularly trustworthy, the cups were filthy and the shower was a disgrace. In fact you would have thought that it was actually in the process of being renovated - half of the tiles appeared to have just been put on and the rest looked like they were about to fall off. The bed sheets appeared to have been changed but were still dusty. We also discovered that a chair in the corner of the room was actually the only thing holding the curtains up as well! That was quite amusing when we moved the chair and the whole thing fell down! The electrics were a bit odd - you had to press a combination of switches in order to turn the main light on and off and out of the 3 bulbs on the lamp only 1 of them actually worked. The roof had patches of damp, particularly above the lights and there was a distinct rustling that I wouldn't have been surprised to discover was rats. You could hear the underground regularly but that wasn't actually too much of a problem and you have to expect some noise in central london. We didn't hear much noise from other rooms although the hotel in general appeared pretty quiet whilst we were there so that may differ when it's busy. Reading previous reviews, it also appears that we may have been placed in the staff bedroom (210), so perhaps we were lucky that we weren't actually near the staff on our stay.Although we were offerred a continental breakfast we didn't actually try it - the fact that the cups in our room weren't clean was enough to put us off attempting to eat there. There was a hairdryer that worked in our room and we had no problems with the TV. The only good thing about this hotel was the location. It is a five minute walk from Paddington station and so has easy access to Heathrow. It's also a 5-10 minute walk from Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. One staff member was relatively helpful when we enquired about transport , even booking a taxi for us, although this appeared to be a friend of his and we don't know London well enough to know whether he took advantage, he did take a lot of side roads and dropped us off a good bit from our destination although admittedly there were a fair bit of roadworks.All in all, we won't be returning to this hotel any time soon. It's in a great location and served ok simply as somewhere to lie down at night but there's no way we would have stayed there for longer than 2 nights.	
Feb 12 2009 	Do not Stay there...	We stayed in this hotel for a week in January. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is the location. It is located next to Paddington Station (easy access to any place in London). The breakfast was poor, everyday the same and it was hard to find a free table to sit. The tiny room looked very old although it was cleaned everyday. There was a specific bad smell. It was the worst hotel experience for me. If you are looking for a budget trip and your main request is the location you can try this hotel, but in any other case you will be dissapointed!	
Feb 9 2009 	worst hotel ever	Please avoid this hotel for any reason. It might be a cheap hotel but it is filthy. I am really wondering what has been recently renovated in this hotel as it is mentioned in many websites! Maybe the elevator? And you can hear the tube crossing under the hotel every few minutes. Do not visit this hotel!!!	
Jan 22 2009 	Sunny London	I come to London often and this time I needed to find hotel in center of London for good price. I know that 2 and 3 stars hotels in center arent that great but mostly they serve you simple service and if you dont need much more than just that, its pretty fine because for what you pay here really is the fact that you are in center. I have booked this hotel straightly on their website. Even though I have read bad reviews here, I liked the pics on the website and as I didnt look for anything special I gave it a chance. Hotel is situated just next to Paddington station, so its very easy to reach. I have to say that hotel looks very well from outside, also the restaurant downstairs looked fine even though I didnt go there. But usually it was empty there.Inside of the hotel doesnt look that great anymore though as one would expect from the pics they post. There is lift to 4th floor but there are two more floors with narrow stairs - typical in old London houses.The room was clean and pretty small and very simple. There is tv but is situated almost under the roof and there was no remote control, so the only way to turn it on or off or change channels was to stand on the bed and do it that way. There was also kettle and some old hair-dryed which I didnt try. Every day I have changed towels. As I didnt expect much, I was ok but if you would count on pics posted from hotel then you might be shocked probably. I didnt have problems with noises from other rooms but I could hear everyone and everything from the hall and the stairs which was kinda unpleasant.The stuff was polite enough and I had no problems.If you look for simple hotel situated just next to Hyde park, then you should be fine with it. If you look for better one, then rather get some 4 or 5 stars hotel more far from center or pay more.	
Jan 7 2009 	Glad it was just a night!	Stayed here after traveling back from America to get some rest before an onward train journey the following morning. Location is good as it is right next to Paddington Station. However I'm glad my stay was just a night! Stayed in a room with two singles, the room was cramped, bed was small and I could feel the springs. Did not get a great night sleep and I could hear the elevator all night. Like other reviews have mentioned: mould around the window and bottom of walls, mould in bathroom, etc. Hotel had free Wi-Fi but it didn't work. From what the room was like I didn't bother with the free breakfast.I have had a better night sleep in a Hostels bed!For people staying looking at staying here while on holiday: Look else where, don't get drawn in by the cheap price tag!	
Dec 17 2008 	Hated this hotel	Stayed here for a christmas break with the family. It is the Hotel from Hell. The staff slept in room 210 and didnt keep quiet until well after 3.00am.. we were in room 209 - therefore we got no sleep. Thankfully we were only there 2 nights (I couldnt have stayed any longer). My hands were sore from banging the wall so much to get them to shut up but all for nothing, they merely ignored my pleas to get some sleep!!! The rooms were small and dark &amp; very smelly. (plug in air freshners everywhere to try and mask it) carpet ripped in several places. Stairs dangerous and there was definitely staff smoking in the hotel. It is very run down. Sink had no water pressure or plug so it didnt matter much about the water pressure as you couldnt use the sink anyway. Had to take a shower with dirty shower curtain and low pressure shower. Breakfast was a real treat. Do it yourself toast and choice of cold boiled egg and ham. Staff not overly pleasant. I BEG YOU DONT STAY HERE... You will hate it... I couldnt believe how quickly people wanted to get out of there. We were almost stampeded in the rush of eager tourist escaping on the dot of 9.00 am without even enjoying their delightful breakfast, checkout isnt until 11.00am (Though we also left at 9.00am LOL.... Enough is Enough sometimes.	
Dec 9 2008	Worst room in Western Europe!!!	DO NOT GO THERE! THESE REVIEWS ARE TRUE! PAY 10 MORE BUCKS AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!I can not believe that there is Hotels like this in Western Europe.I have travelled in Russia, South America, Asia etc..Actually the room in Ascot Hotel was worst and dirtiest I have ever seen in any hotel.I did read this and saw some bad pictures of the rooms and before I booked this hotel online I knew that it was not luxury, average or bad hotel. But it was worst than bad. I don´t know what is the best english word to describe it. Maybe horrible, disgusting, sick, growse, and dangerous together.There was nobody in the front desk when I walked in to the hotel. Few people walked in and just picked up their keys behind the desk. I waited there about 20minutes until the clerk walked in like nothing had happened and gave me the key.I took the elevator to the second floor and started to look for room 105.There was one different looking door in the hallway and it did say: ROOM 105 THIS WAY I opened the door and saw the stairs down. There was no light switch and the hallway was totally dark. I walked the stairs down and looked around bit. Stairs went one floor further where was all kind of construction equipment and no door to open to exit. Seemed pretty dangerous incase of fire. Because only way to exit the room was to walk to the second floor.Then I opened the door and saw the disqusting room. It was about size of 1,5meters x 2,5 meters. Everything was in the same room: toilet, shower, bed, desk and travel heater (one of those that you just plug in the wall) There was about 3-4 centimeter gap below the door and the lock was not safe. Two huge wholes in the wall. About 15-25centimeters wide and filled up with towels!!! I AM SERIOUS!!! Used toilet paper next to the sink and amazingly cold.After I moved the bed I saw the condom on the floor. Then I gave up...And I am not picky. I have stayed in pretty bad rooms, slept in the airport etc. I went to talk to the clerk and was as polite as possible. I talked with him about 3 x 30minutes (went back to my room because I thought I will survive and then back when I realized I can not stay here.Finally after long conversations I got new room. Two persons room costed about 26UK more. He said that there was no more one bedroom rooms. But I saw later on when some guy came in and got one bed room.SO I finally stayed there in the other room. It was bad room. But like heaven to the other room. Only minus was that mattres was not clean and there was no porn magazine under the bed. This did not bother me because I was so happy that I got out from the other room. Next day breakfest was ok. Only minus was that you had to eat it in the bar made to the basement. I do not mind about that. But some older people may not like to eat breakfest next to flashing slot machine.BAD:-Very cold room. Air blows in to the room from below of the door and from the cracks next to the window.-Only one plug-in in the room! If you want to use your electronics you have to plug out the heater.-Very Dirty mattres. Founded condom on the floor and used toilet paper next to sink.-Dusty bed. I could not sleep under the sheets. They were so dirty and dusty. Also clerk checked the room and said it was clean!!!:)-Dangerous and scary. Clerk does not spend most of the time in the front desk. -Bad service in the front desk. When you ask something politely the answer is: sorry, where are cheap hotel my friend. -Numerous other things....GOOD:-Breakfest (Toast, Egs, Salamai, Serials)-Toilet did work-Shower had warm water-Two clean towels in the room-Close to the subway and bus stops	
Nov 21 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever	I rue the day I ever heard of the Ascot Hyde Park Hotel. It is a filthy, disgusting hole, and not fit for human habitation. On my recent trip to the UK, I had the misfortune of booking a reservation in this pit; not knowing how horrible it actually was. After seeing the room, and the hotel (I us this word very loosely), I immediately went elsewhere. Yet because of their 72 hour cancellation policy, I was still charged for one night's stay. Frankly, I had rather been charged for an entire week than stay in that hell hole! Do not believe the lies that this place is anything but an open sewer waiting for you to toss in your money.	
Oct 15 2008 	Bad hotel bad service! Beware!	I'll keep this review as brief and easy to read as possible. I am not simply looking for bad things to say about this hotel out of spite or anything, and have tried to come up with a few good points as well. Please note that I frequently use budget hotels when I travel as I spend very few time in the hotel itself, so my expectations were not that high. I certainly wasnt expecting the Ritz!Bad:Dont arrive before check-in time; you check your own bags, and they can be accessed by anybody.Room not in the same building as reception. Were taken down the street to where our room was. Had to walk all of our luggage up 7 flights of stairs using a dark/narrow stairwell. Rooms seemed unsafe in this building. Was afraid someone would break in.Rooms made you want to have your own bedding.Tiny Rooms. Had to get on the bed to let my boyfriend out the door! Couldnt open the window as it hit the bed when opened (it opens in). Shower temp. wasn't reliable. Went from scalding to freezing through the entire shower. Bad service. Complained to front desk about the shower, and were told that we dont know how to use a shower!! Complained about the room being smaller than what I was told when I made the reservation, and about having to carry our luggage up 7 flights of stairs, and we were told that we could move to a slightly larger room. We werent in the mood to lug our belongings all over the place for a room that would be just as bad. Overall, they were pretty rude from beginning to end, and had a &quot;do it&quot; yourself attitude. Good:Near Paddington Station. Getting around London is easy from here, and getting to the hotel from Heathrow is only 15min. if you use the Heathrow express.Near great coffe shops and decent restaurants.A few blocks away from Hyde park.Bathrooms are surprisingly big compared to the room.In the end, we checked out the same day we checked in and went to the Hilton across the street. Was definitely more expensive than the Ascot, but SO worth it. There is also a Days inn down the street that we didnt see until after we checked in to the second hotel, which seems decent. Would recommend giving that a look if you are on a budget. I wish I could say that I would recommend to teens travel through Europe after highschool or something, but I wouldnt think it all too safe to leave my kids there alone no matter how old they were.	
Aug 29 2008 	Don't do it	Well, let me start by saying terrible is not exactly appropriate but is the best fit given the choices. However, it was pretty bad. As one other reviewer wrote, the carpet is in need of replacement (all over the hotel in my opinion). The room we had was in need of an overall update as well. However, everything worked. The rooms and common areas around the hotel were very small and/or narrow (not a surprise). However, the hotel had additional beds stored in the hallway! I shudder to think what would have happened had there been an emergency and the guests had to leave quickly. I also noticed on the website that it says its lift goes to all floors. Not correct. We were on the 5th floor. The lift only went to the 4th floor. Staff was okay and breakfast was sufficient. Note: no air conditioning (which wasn't surprising) but no fan available. If I hadn't gone to American Express to specifically avoid this type of situation perhaps I wouldn't be writing. But we did and were told they don't deal with anything less than 3 stars. This hotel is listed as 2 stars. Really?	
Aug 27 2008 	Well....	I literally knew nothing about London when I booked this hotel and AFTER I booked it I read some reviews (stupid on my part). So right off the bat I was a little nervous. Positives: Great location if you need to use the train to Heathrow or are planning on using the tube. It is literally a minute walk to either (Paddington Station). It is also a really quiet neighborhood as it is mostly residential. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk to Hyde Park. I thought the staff was quite helpful and nice. We booked a double but ended up with a triple (one queen and one single) and payed the double rate. Free breakfast, which wasn't amazing but it definitely saved us some mula. London is expensive! There is an internet place a few doors down.Negatives: Lets face it, its an old moldy hotel. It smells damp. The shower curtain had mold on it. Our hair dryer and tv didnt work but the front desk guy fixed the tv and gave us a different dryer. The beds aren't terribly comfortable (I am small and could feel the springs). The elevator doesnt go to the 5th floor (only the 4th) and if you are as lucky as we were, you can hear the elevator shaft working away ALL NIGHT. Room was tiny but in my experience that is standard for Europe.My advice to you: If you are just using your hotel as a place to sleep/shower this place is fine. But if you want to be in the thick of the busy city and plan on hanging out in your room at all (why would you, you are in LONDON!) this is not the place. There is however a gorgeous Hilton across the street.	
Jul 30 2008 	Hated every second	This was the worst hotel We have ever stayed in. Do yourselves a favour and upgrade a bit. What a dump. If this was the last hotel in London I'd rather sleep in the gutter.	
Jul 9 2008 	If I Could Turn Back Time...	This was the absolute worst and most atrocious hotel that I have ever stayed in. It was literally frightening. I booked a “family room” package, which consisted of two rooms on the same floor in close proximity. I did this because I was told by hotels.com that it was forbidden to have more than two people per room for security reasons. Upon arriving at the hotel, I discovered that I was given one room that was supposed to house four people (a “quad room”). The room was absolutely horrifying: no lock on the door, dirty soaps stacked for new use (I found a hair on one of them), no toilet paper holder, light switches that didn’t work, a wall heater that was precariously dangling at a 45 degree angle until it finally fell off, 4 gaping holes in the wall, a dirty shower, dysfunctional toilet, dirty windows, cracked floor tiles, and a phone with no dial tone. We called hotels.com immediately, and were promised a new “quad room,” despite our original reservation for a “family room.” The fact that hotels.com called down to the front desk for us, but refused to acknowledge the fact that we received one room instead of two, was the most infuriating part of our check-in process. I was on hold for at least 15 minutes; I could have stayed in the Savoy Hotel for the price of my useless phone call. The new room that we were given looked like a low-end dorm room: 4 twin beds in a line under a chipped and peeling faux-wood grade headboard, broken bathroom tiles, no door handle on the entry door, an uncloseable window, no toilet paper holder, dysfunctional toilet and sink, no light source, where else can I take this! Beware, o potential client, room 503 may have a view of chimneys and TV antennas with a partial image of the London Eye in the distance, but that moleskin door handle came from yours truly! It’s probably still up there for the next customer, but if not, grab the room numbers with your fingernails to help close the door when leaving. Don’t even get me started on the stairs – they were narrow, uneven, lumpy, cramped. If there were a fire, you would end up at the bottom of one of the many stairwells with a broken ankle. Out of the kindness of the hotels heart (haha), breakfast was provided in the basement (Steven King, what a book you could write on this place!) One of my fellow travelers had to leave the basement because of its low-lingering clouds of burnt toast, loud ethnic music, and dim lighting – she had a panic attack, the first one out of a twenty-day vacation. The breakfast served was sliced white bread, a toaster, rancid lunchmeats, and coffee or tea. The only thing we were willing to stomach was the coffee. On our last morning at the hotel (thank god it was only three nights), we accidentally woke up a sleeping patron on the fifth floor, who was fast asleep on the dirty carpet of the hallway. Before you blame this experience on us six “pampered” women who don’t know how to book a hotel, two other groups/guests were thrown into the same predicament: they booked a “family room” and were expecting two rooms, but were instead greeted with a smelly and dirty quad room, as were we. One of the groups was a Chemistry teacher and his three students that were addressing Parliament; another was a family from Sweden. All of the guests in this hotel were first-time clients there, and swore that they would never come back. Two of my fellow travelers in a different room said that their door supposedly locked but would pull open occasionally; for safety, they put their suitcases in front of it just in case. Every time somebody opened a door across the hall or in another part of the fifth floor, it sounded like someone was rattling the keys in your door, trying to get in. To be honest, the Ascot Hyde Park Hotel would be great for Halloween fright night for a bunch of drugged-out teenagers. The hotel looks more like the lowest-grade youth hostel one could find, but with an astronomical price tag. I wouldn’t stay here even if I was paid, and would never wish these circumstances on a most despised enemy. Hotels.com lied to us when we booked the hotel, telling us that we would receive two rooms. Their customer assistance personnel felt that they were assisting by getting us yet another quad room, but failed to acknowledge that we weren’t supposed to have that style of room in the first place. Beware of the photo on the website – it is an image of the façade of the building adjacent to the hotel. The only part of the photo that is the hotel is the small awning that appears in the lower right hand corner, that reads “Ascot.” What you are seeing is a view of a restaurant next to the hotel. Please, do yourself a favor, and never stay in this hotel.	
Jun 21 2008	You get what you pay for	We stayed for three nights and we didn´t expect a five star hotel. The location was perfect near Paddington station. It was cheap, the room was clean and everything was in working order. The breakfast was served next door and was generous, just missed a cup of tea- it was not included. If you have high expectations you will be disappointed. You can´t expect moore for this kind of money in London. We were quite happy with our stay and we would stay there again.	
May 28 2008 	Do Not Enter!!!!!!!!	never again!!!! the worst hotel on the planet. the ceiling came down on top of my husband, had to go up the street for your breakfast. was the most dirty smelly place ever. it needs pulled down please never stay here please this is not a joke.	
May 11 2008 	Worst place on earth!!!!!!!! would have rather slept rough!!!!!!!!	This was truly the worst hotel i have EVER witnessed, DO NOT GO THERE!!! the carpet was filthy, the skirting boards were rotten, the bedding looked like a rug, the bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom was slanting and honestly did not have a single tile which was not cracked or dirty. we bought our own cleaning products into the hotel after discovering that there were no other rooms available elsewhere- we checked the internet 5 minutes after being in the room! the people working at the desk were also unhelpful, informing us that we could not check in until 1.30pm, although their website states 1pm check in. the radiator in our room was hanging off the wall, and the stairs throughout the hotel felt as though they were caving in! we paid £72 a night to stay there, but they were charging £120 on site! how they can charge anything is beyond me, they should pay the people who have to endure the stay! Be warned, do not go to this place!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 28 2008 	Good value for money	I stayed in this hotel for two nights in April 2008. Having read the reviews on Tripadvisor I feared the worst. However, the hotels was much better than one would expect based on the reviews posted here. Given the fact that you are in London, the low rates (I payed about 50 pounds per night for a single room) and the excellent location, this is a very good choice. Contrary to the experiences of other reviewers, I did have (very) hot water, my room was rather small but fairly clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. They had a locked luggage room and breakfast was simple indeed, but ok. In my opinion: good value for money, I would certainly recommend this hotel for a stay during a city trip if do not need a lot of luxury.	
Apr 3 2008 	you couldn't male this up...horrible!	Worst experience ever. I moved to England from Canada and booked an amazing trip for my sister to come and visit. One of our stops was London.. we booked this hotel after HOURS of flights/trains. We got in at 10pm and were told they could not find our reservation! So, cheeky me, I pulled out a copy of it. Then the VERY UNHELPFUL man at the reception desk says they are fully booked and cannot give me a room but will put me in his sister hotel and that a cab will take us there and everything would be explained to us. We were literally pushed out of the hotel in the pouring rain and put in a cab. The cab had no idea what was going on and nothing was explained.... after quite some time we were given the name/location as to where to go. They didnt even play for the cab! And the sister hotel had no idea. PLEASE learn from my experience and don't stay here... it's cheap... and it is for a reason!	
Mar 30 2008 	Great Location	I stayed at this hotel (which was recommended by the Travel Agent) for four nights following an organised tour of Europe.The outside of the hotel looked fine but once I entered the narrow confines of the office and stairs, then everything changed. The office staff were not helpful. They watched behind the desk while I struggled with my suitcase. I wasn't expecting them to assist me but it would've been nice for the glass door to be open!The lift was really small and once I got to my room ...well that was even smaller! There wasn't anywhere to put my suitcase, the bathroom badly needed upgrading and I was kept awake for most of the night because the constant trains travelling from Paddington train station.Breakfast was provided in the cafe next door and on the last day that was closed and the hotel didn't refund the cost of my breakfast as I'd already paid for that as part of the accommodation cost.The good news is that the hotel is located in a great spot - close to Paddington train station and buses that go past every few minutes. Oxford Street is also close by which is a great place to shop and Hyde Park is within walking distance.At the end of the day you pay for what you get.	
Jan 26 2008 	attention!	I was at The Ascot - Ascot hyde Park in London in Craven Road (and I'm sure that when i booked on line my journay the name was ASCOT HYDE PARK but now on tripadvisor.com there isn't anymore??? It means somethinhg???)in the middle of january 2008 for few days. The furnishing of the room was very very OLD STYLE.. the rooms are very very narrow and it was impossible to move. In the bathroom the ceiling and the wall was umid and come down.After a complain they gave us a just a bit better room... the same of the first one but without the ceiling that come down...in compensation the microscopic washbasin had two separate taps so you can decide or to burn otherwise to freeze your hands.. fortunately there isn't a bidet ;) Of positive there is that the hotel it's just a 3minutes walk from the stop of Paddington Tube.	
Dec 19 2007	Worst hotel I have ever stayed at	This is, by far, the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, and I have travelled quite a bit. Wallpaper peeling, smelly, depressing, non-working elevator, grungy carpets, unsuitable bathroom...the list could go on and on. The only really pleasant thing about the place was the staff at the reception.	
Oct 25 2007 	cramped family	tatty facilities. Lift not working. Room not ready on arrival.Insufficient bedding. Missing plugs in bathroom. Toilet not flushing and on and on!!!!	
Sep 30 2007 	Bad hotel...beware	Really bad hotel, that has only one thing going for it...location right next to Paddington Station in Central London.Hotel rooms are really shabby. Our room had a dresser with a missing drawer. The curtain on the big full length window was thin and torn, so that it wouldnt even close fully. The beds are really bad, and i think there are bed bugs in it too. The room didnt have airconditioning, and didnt have a fan either. We stayed there on the 22nd of Sep, and it was hot outside..we had to leave the big window open, which meant that it was very noisy...the hotel is on a busy street...there was loud traffic and people talking outside on the street, until 1am. The underground, runs under the hotel and every few minutes you can feel the rumble of the trains as they pass below you. Luckily the trains stop between 2am-5am, i think.The hotel didnt even bother putting new soap in the bathroom..we had used soap in the washbin and shower! Luckily for us, there were 4 small shampoo packets, which we used as soap! The toilet tank takes a really long time to fill up too....so if there are two of you, you gotta wait!The staff at reception isnt friendly at all. Use this hotel as a last resort, really. There are plenty of hotels right next to it, all around Paddington station, so choose wisely.	
Aug 12 2007 	An unbelievably bad hotel! Five star it most definitely isn't!	I stayed in this hotel with three mates, paying £79 for the night. It’s just around the corner from Paddington station and underground. Right, that’s the good bits out of the way!This hotel is unbelievable and was an experience that’s for sure. It reminded me of the London hotel featured in the film “National Lampoon’s European Vacation.” The staff are friendly enough so not completely the same!. On this day, the lift - surely the slowest of its kind - was working but don’t expect to get much in it as it’s incredibly small. A supermodel would find it claustrophic.The room itself consisted of one double and two single beds, all of whom I’m sure were first used by Florence Nightingale! The beds also came with a thick carpet that I think was meant to be a bed cover. Possible useful in Alaska, but not on a hot day in London in August. Still, since we weren’t going to stay in the hotel very much so it was bearable. There was also a plug socket that for some reason had been installed near the top of the ceiling! And they provide a few hangers in the “wardrobe” but there’s no hanger rails to put them up! Honestly, I’m not making this up.The bathroom was just hilarious. There was no shower curtain, which is just as well as the shower itself was practically a dribble, so we gave up trying to keep the floor dry. The hot water tap on the sink wasn’t that much better either. Also, for the toilet to work, you need to hope that everybody else in the hotel isn’t flushing at the same sort of time. Otherwise, keep pressing that lever and hope for the best! The bathroom also came with air conditioning - well a mysterious looking hole in the wall that reminded me of the film “Being John Malcovic”!In the morning we had the ultimate alarm call. At about 10am I heard the cleaner (I presume) shouting through the door whether we were staying for another day and if not we have to be out by 11am. Thanks for that. Think I was more stunned that someone could ever want to stay for more than one day. We didn’t have breakfast but I’m certainly not regretting it! We went to the Hotel-affiliated restaurant next door (Maxim?) which served about very milky café latte’s and a really, very bad cheese omelette. If you’re mad enough to go there, you can get a 10 per cent discount with a ticket from the hotel. The staff were friendly though.Do not choose this hotel for a romantic weekend, a holiday or a place to relax in. There are better deals to be had on the internet and your partner or friend will never speak to again so its worth paying more so they‘ll still talk to you! It’s only really useful (if at all) for crashing and going out on the town with a group of people, but it does show how bad it is that I’m thinking £20 for a room in London still isn’t worth it! It’s quite difficult to get back from Leicester square, but I think there’s a night bus (No 23) that goes near the hotel.Those with a masochistic nature will enjoy themselves but any sane person will be mad to stay at this hotel!	
May 25 2007	Do Not Stay Here	My brother booked this hotel months ago as we (there were eight members of my family) had to be sure that we had somewhere to stay the night before the London Marathon. When we arrived in the morning our first impressions were not good, very small and shabby, painted over peeling wallpaper, a strong musty smell which was almost overpowered by the smell of new paint. However, we were only staying for one night, it was just somewhere to sleep, it was relatively cheap so what did we expect! We told the receptionist who we were and she allowed us to leave our bags and off we went for the day. After a lovely day we went back to the hotel and it was then that things started to go wrong. The receptionist, the same one from earlier, explained that there was no hot water on the fourth floor and that people had been checking out all day and that she had arranged for us to stay in 2 family rooms in a hotel nearby for no extra charge! I told her this was unacceptable and that we could put up with not having hot water. She then said that the plumbers would need to be in and out of our rooms all night to fix the boilers which made no sense at all! We asked to see the rooms for ourselves to make up our minds to which she replied that the manager had told her not to show anyone the rooms. Obviously by this time we were getting very suspicious and on asking someone from the fourth floor discovered that there was nothing wrong with the hot water. She then told us it was only certain rooms, namely the four that we had booked, what a coincidence!! Then, as if by magic the &quot;plumber&quot; walked by, although he had been the painter when we saw him at work in the morning! We asked to see the manager and even though she told us that he had been there obviously he had somehow managed to sneak passed her! Eventually after several attempts she got through to him on the phone. He was extremely rude and unhelpful and told us that we would just have to put up with it, there would be no refund and there was nothing he could do. To be honest at this point we felt that he was right, there was nothing else to do but to put up with it and go to the other hotel, even though we knew that a hotel with rooms available on the Saturday night before the Marathon was going to be even worse that this one. How right we were! We were taken to the other hotel by another young woman, obviously the receptionist had had enough of us by this time and chickened out, actually I think she was very wise not to take us! When we arrived we were taken to the basement and were shown our room, yes one room with a double bed and a bunk bed, for eight of us!! The new receptionist told us she'd only been asked for one room. After much shouting and running around they emptied someones things out of another room and allowed us to have that one. At least it had a double and two singles. She later told us that the Ascot Hotel had double booked our rooms and she was often called upon to help them out and that the rooms we were in were only meant for workers and not usually let out! By this time we didn't really care, we just wanted somewhere to sleep and to forget the whole thing, unfortunately being in the basement at the front of the hotel where the windows did not shut properly and in a street where there were signs warning curb crawlers they would be prosecuted you can imagine that there was little sleep to be had! So much for my marathon preparation!So in summary, read the bad reviews on this hotel, believe them and never stay there!	
Apr 1 2007 	If you llike hot water stay somewhere else	We searched for budget hotels in this area because we had stayed in the area before. We're pretty active, so only planned on being in the room to sleep and clean up. Good points: 1)It was clean. 2) The front desk staff was very nice. 3) We had our own bathroom. 4) Great location next to Paddington Station and tube. Bad points: 1)We had twin beds that the staff kept pulling apart. 2) I had one hot shower in the 4 nights we stayed there. We tried at 7am, 4pm, 12am, and 3am but to no avail. We even had to sit down to shower because the handheld shower nozzle had nothing to hang it from on the wall. The desk staff was &quot;working on it&quot;. 3) It was very noisy. Bunch of foreign kids running up and down the stairs. You could hear drunk folks leaving the bar on the corner very late at night. 4) No air conditioning and very little heat from the radiator. 5) Very small, hardly any room for our suitcase. 6) 3 tv stations, and the tv was tiny and literally on the ceiling. Very hard to watch the news or weather. 7) You get one towel a day. No washcloths. 8) Continental breakfast okay, but all carbs. 9) The Hilton is right across the street and connects to the Train Station. Pay the extra money and stay there, because you'll be looking at it wistfully the entire time you're here.	
Mar 28 2007 	Do not stay here. It is BAD!!!	We booked this hotel for a 5 day stay. When we checked up on the address two days before we were due to arrive we noticed all the negative reviews for this hotel.I phoned them up and they ensured me that none of them were true and they had totally renoveted the hotel. There were no ladders in corridors etc, everything was in order.We arrived at the hotel at 1745 on a Friday evening and asked to see the room. It was then that our fears were realised. On they way upstairs we passed a portable electricheater in the foyer with a leg missingand all lopsided, loose wires in the stairway and loose carpet on the stairs. We got to the room, via a dark corridor as there were no bulbs in the lights after passing ladders and fire doors wedged open. The door was very flimsy with gaps around it and a lock that did not work properly.The room was painted recently but everything was still at least 20 years old including the bed, wooden toilet seat, hair dryer that did not work. The route to the fire escape had no lights, ceiling and had wires hanging down.I reported back to the reception desk and advised that I did not wish to stay there as we did not feel safe. They said everything was new etc... We decided not to stay so looked for another hotel. We ended up at IBIS, also a 3 star hotel but almost new, similar price and a restaurant. So much betterAfter talking to the manager the next day he dismissed my observations and charged me for the first nights accommodation as he said he was in business to make money.	
Mar 22 2007 	Don´t stay here!!	We stayed for 3 nights and we are never coming back!!!3 light-bulbs were out. The shower hose was mended with tape so most of the water leaked out there. The radiator was hot and sounded like an entire rhythm-orchestra in the middle of the night. You could flush the toilet once in the morning and then again in the evening due to bad water pressure. We wrote a note with our complaints and presented it to the man in the reception and he promised to fix it. But nothing happened!	
Mar 4 2007 	Not like what i read in the other reviews	i spent three nice nights in that hotel, staff are friendly and helpfull, they have done new renovations i can tell, it was not as i was terrified by the previous reviews. I recomend it, nice location and good budget hotel.	
Jan 10 2007 	Not what I expected	I booked at the Glendale Hotel (which is nearby) but when i arrived they told me the Glendale was full... and that I can stay at the Ascot for the same price. He informed me that the Ascot is way better. So i walked to Ascot which was a minute walk from Glendale, and it didnt look to bad outside. When i got to the floor of my room, i couldnt beleive it! The corridor was a mess - ladders, wallpaper hanging off, lightbulbs missing, and rags across the floor! I thought this cant be right - so I went back to reception and she told me that it wqas the correct floor! Well my room was rubbish - the curtain only came half way down so people across the road could see in the room. I thought it was clean in the room, but light switches didnt work properly - i had to tune in the TV, and i was scared off the lift becuase it kept making banging noises! Wouldnt stay here again - i can usually tolerate bad things at hotels, but this was a joke! Why didnt the hotel just close during these building works - or at least close the floors that were being updated!!	
Dec 10 2006 	diy in middle of night	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The first nights stay was horrendous, we finished shopping and collapsed in bed fast asleep only to be woken by hammering. I got up to investigate to find that they were completing some diy in the middle of the night relacing a lock to an adjoining room !!!! When I suggested that he stop immediately I was told he was carrying on. The hammering went on for another 10 minutes then again half hour later I was speechless.Breakfast is served next door to the hotel so you get soaking wet in the morning just to have something to eat.After having a shower and washing your hair you then discover that the hair dryer doesnt work. No one answers the telephone at reception. The wallpaper has been peeled off the walls and not replaced and looks grubby and the toilet seat was loose. Everytime the lift went up or down it could br heard loudly in the room disturbing ones sleep. Am glad to be home for a good nights sleep. Never to return	
Nov 9 2006 	Worst hotel I've stayed in	I booked the hotel through [---] and it was at least easy to find and well located. End of good bit.Place was filthy, and decorators' rubbish everywhere.Room was dirty and wallpaper was peeling off walls, and in some places missing all together.There were no curtains / blinds for the bathroom.There was no plug for the bath or the sink. The manager said they had damage due to a bath overflowing, so was disinterested and would not supply a plug even for sink - so had to use a ball of toilet paper to even wash my face in the sink.Furniture was terrible - old, chipped, veneer pealing, stained etc.Bed had no matress cover, so only a thin sheet over a badly stained and dirty matress.I had a back room so at least it was quiet	
Oct 5 2006 	the place was a dump dont go there	this place reminded me of faulty towers! the rooms were terrible and smelly, a gust of wind would have blown down the room door. take my advice and dont go there.	
Oct 2 2006 	Not at all that bad	Just got back after 4 days at The Ascot, and I do believe we had a good stay. You get what you pay for; it's a cheap hotel in central London, what do you expect?!! We had a 3 person room and it was ok. It was clean, and we got new towels each day, the beds were made each day and the upkeep of the room was quite good. Only thing annoying was that one of the windows didn't close all the way, but it wasn't that cold, so no problem. The lift worked and the staff was really nice a very helpful... Not the entire hotel looked good, but then again, they are completing a renovation of the place… Breakfast was had at the next door restaurant, and quite good with plenty of food.Other reviews mentioned that the trash from the restaurant was just left outside on the street; that’s what they do in London. How many trash bins have you seen?? London doesn’t have many bins as they tended to be blown up in the past…	
Sep 24 2006 	Not that bad...	We (a group of 19 people) spent 3 nights at the Ascot...that is 3 people from our group had to stay at a nearby hotel as there were not enough rooms for all of us despite the fact that the trip was booked in June! The hotel staff were not too enthusiastic, quite friendly though. My room (4th floor) was ok, clean and quite comfortable. Some of my colleagues were not as fortunate and had to live with damp rooms and torn wallpaper. It looked as if the place was being renovated though. It is an ok place to stay as long as you just need a bed to sleep in. I would not go there with my family though.The location is great, there is a tube station less than 200 metres away and lots of good places to eat &amp; drink nearby.	
Jul 17 2006	Beware!!! Do not mess your London visit by staying at the Ascot Hotel	My friend and me went to London the past weekend. We had booked a hotel at the German hotel website hotel. We had boooked hotels with them before and every single one of them has been great. They offer good deals at reasonable prices. We ended up booking the &quot;Ascot Hyde Park Hotel&quot; which was rated with 3 stars. The photos looked nice and we thought it was a great location close to Paddington and in walking distance to Hyde Park and Oxford Street! We went to the hotel website and it really looked ok for the price we paid. Unfortunately we did not do any further internet research - we really should have done so. Reading the reviews here only showed that other guests were treated just like us.We arrived Friday night, we had booked late arrival. The hotel is only a short walk from Paddington station but I guess that is about the only advantage! It does not even look bad from the outside, it kind of looks like it does on the pictures shown online. By check-in the receptionist, a younger girl, told us they had a little problem and that she needed to give us a room in their sister hotel down the road. Obviously they had a leak or something but people were working on it and we could have the room we booked the next day. She strengthened that their sister hotel, the Glendale Hotel had the same standard and that we would love it. She was very wuick in charging my credit card - we were kinf of unsure since things just seemed to be strange. At that point it as just a feeling! The receptionist tried to be nice. We refused to pay a 3% extra charge because we were paying with credit card. I have never experienced that any hotel would charge you extra because you are paying with a credit card when they tell you they accept several cards. I thought it was strange, but it was almost midnight, we were tired from the journey, wanted to take a shower and go to bed. Anyway, we walked to the so called sister hotel where we found another unprofessional receptionist who told us they weren't even sister hotels and had completely different management and that his hotel could not even be rated with 2 stars. We had asked him if we could stay there both nights then to avoid the change of room the next days. He laughed and said we would be better off changing since the Glendale standard was not comparable to the Ascot standard. We were given a room in the basement, which was horrible!!! It was really a nightmare! The bathroom was not even in the room which we had booked, the sink was tiny, you could not even wash your hand there without making a real mess. The shower was in the middle of the room, so when you took a shower, the whole toilet and floor were wet. The beds were old and broken, there was a window and all you could see was an old dryer stored in front of it. You could not even look out to see if the sun was out or if there was pouring rain. It was really disgusting!!! We went back to the Ascot to file our comlaint. There was another receptionist there by now but the girl was still there as well. They both told us they could not do anything about it and we had to talk to the manager on the next day and that he would be ehre from 7 in the morning. I asked them to give me my money back since I was not willing to pay one penny for such a shabby place and unsatisfying service. Please note: we have both travelled a lot in our lifes, I have seen plenty of hotel rooms, I also have stayed at two hostels in London and both of them were alright, clean, safe and with friendly staff with rooms according to their standard. I have never experienced anything like this.In the end no one could help us. It was in the middle of the night, we tried to find another hotel in the area but all of them were completely booked and it did not really make sense to walk around London in the middle of the night to find a room. So we stayed in our room in the basement. I did not sleep very well, I was always expecting someone to break into the room or some little animal to come out and crawl over me. After a horrible night we got up early to see the manager - who was not there at 7, of course...He did not show up until around 8.30 - they told us to go next door to Maxim's restaurant to have breakfast in the meanwhile. This place was just another nightmare - with the same manager! There were rats outside, there was leftover food on the floor and it was even more disgusting. Talking to the manager did not really help. When we told him we had a problem he said he did not have any time to deal with it and that we should not interfere with his work. Excuse me? So who is the guest now??? He started to yell at us and that he did not have a solution for the problem. It seemed like he had no idea of how to run a hotel and that he never ever heard of the word customer service. I am not very demanding as long as things are ok. I understand things might go wrong sometimes but there are just too many things going wrong at this place. While we tried to come to an agreement with the so called manager of this place, an older man as well as another lady walked to the reception to file a complaint as well. The man had problems with his room and the lady complained about the rats in the breakfast facility. The manager yelled at both of them and told them to leave his hotel. After arguing with him for a while, he told us that he would not have a room for guests like us - we left the place. Before we had to fill in a complaint sheet to reveice the money bach. I will give the case to the credit card company to claim my money back because I am not sure if they will really refund anything at all. We found another hotel in Kensington - after spending Saturday morning arguing with a completely nasty hotel manager and sitting in an internet café to look for another place to stay. We wanted to have a nice, relaxing weekend instead the whole Friday night and Saturday morning were spent dealing with a bunch of problems the Ascot Hotel caused us! Luckily the hotel we then stayed in was wonderful - nice staff, great rooms, customer service, an excellent breakfast. I can only tell you: DO NOT STAY THERE!!! DO NOT BOOK ANYTHING THERE! It is a complete rip off! You want to enjoy your stay and not argue with a yelling hotel manager. Find some other place - there are nicer hotels which are not that expensive in London. Even a cheap hostel is better than this place! Stay away from it, do not loose your money to those people! The authorities should take care of this and I will write to them to see spread the word! If you have stayed there and experienced something similar, please write there as well to save other London tourists from that place and that manager!!!Be aware! This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in...	
Jul 10 2006	DISGUSTING	ok where do i start, the people that work in the front desk are rude and scary. its super small hotel. the elevator sounds like if its going to breakdown and it doesnt even open all the way!.on every floor it stinks and the walls are not even painted and its dirty. the beds sheets have holes from cigarettes. the bathrooms have holes in the walls and the shower is super small and dirty. they have no curtains on the windows and telephones anywhere only one phone which is at the front desk. the breakfast consists of coffee and bread with butter and jam thats it and oh yeah and very hot orange juice and they dont previde ice either. i was so happy that my trip was over so i can leave that hotel thats how bad it was. i will not recommend this hotel to no one i rather sleep in a car if i had to.	
Jul 3 2006	Dn Not Stay at This Hotel	The worst hotel i have ever stayed in! I understand this is a budget hotel but to have water dripping through light fittings onto wet towels, open live plug sockets and blocked fire exits is unacceptable.Nearly £60 per room per night is way too much for a night in a hotel of this standard. the hotel has been reported to the authorities for its lack of fire safety.I did not book through this site so didnt check the reviews - i wish i had!	
Jun 23 2006 	hotel management horrendous		
Jun 18 2006	Should be condemned		
Jun 17 2006	Unbelievably indescribably horrible		
Jun 12 2006	Disappointing		
Jun 5 2006	Horrible!!!		
Apr 28 2006	Terrible!		
Apr 20 2006	Health and Safety Should Inspect It.		
Apr 3 2006	bad worse...Hotel Ascot!		
Mar 5 2006	We walked out		
Nov 12 2009 	Ottimo punto d'appoggio per chi intende visitare la città		
Oct 28 2009 	Trés décevant !		
Oct 18 2009 	zweckmäßig		
Sep 24 2009 	Ein Rattenloch		
Sep 17 2009 	???????????????		
Jul 13 2009 	Gut für Kurzurlaub		
Jul 10 2009 	nulla di speciale		
May 6 2009 	A eviter absolument		
Apr 14 2009 	Hotel a eviter		
Mar 6 2009 	Genial comunicado		
Dec 24 2008 	Déplorable ...		
Oct 25 2008 	au secours!!!		
Oct 20 2008	??????		
Sep 5 2008 	el peor hotel de mi vida		
Jul 29 2008 	Au secours sortez-moi de là!		
May 1 2008 	hotel da week end		
Apr 8 2008 	Survival im Ascot		
Feb 25 2008 	El peor hotel de mi vida (no se te ocurra IR)		
Jan 8 2008 	No creo que repita		
Sep 24 2007 	Hôtel très moyen et bruyant		
Jul 30 2007 	onesto per il prezzo pagato		
Jun 17 2007	Otra vez me arriesgaré en otro Hotel		
Jun 15 2007 	Gar nicht so schlecht!		
Mar 13 2007 	No le pidas más		
Jan 18 2007 	Das besch.... Hotel das ich je sah The worst hotel I ever saw		
Jan 13 2007 	bloß nicht hinfahren...		
