Oct 9 2009 	Great Location and Great Hotel Bar!	Excellent location, excellent service and one wild hotel bar. It was rocking when I was there and you get in automatically when you stay here. Big line outside too. Restaurant is excellent. Easy to get here from Heathrow for business travellers...Heathrow Express to Paddington then a short taxi. The Met is very close to Hyde Park for chilling out or going for a morning run. Beds were comfortable, rooms were clean and quite large compared to most hotels in London. I will definitely be coming back here on my next trip.	
Oct 5 2009 	Excellent!	A fantastic hotel in the heart of the city, I absolutely love the hotel. It's a bit trendy and flooded with paparazzi at times, but a great hotel, nonetheless.	
Sep 25 2009	Lovely hotel near Hyde Park Corner	It's my first time to stay at Metropolitan London as I was lucky to get special rate. Although hotel facade looks simple, the interior is sleek and cool. Staff were friendly and helpful. My sister and I stayed on the 8th floor (non smoking) and the view from our room was lovely. The Metropolitan room that we stayed was spacious and very comfy. We also love the sofa by the window where we could sit, relax and enjoy the view. Bathroom was modern, clean and well stocked with fabulous COMO Shambhala spa toileteries. Also, it's great to have free internet throughout the stay! The location is also great with many attractions ie. Hyde Park and shopping area ie. Knightsbridge just around the corner. My only comment is that they should also provide coffee &amp; tea making facility in room.Too bad, we missed the famous Nobu and the Met Bar.	
Aug 21 2009 	Trendy Hotel in a Great Location	My husband and I spent 1 night at this hotel. The hotel immediately has the feel of being exclusive from the moment you enter. The staff are friendly and efficient and all of my needs (dinner reservations, etc) were immediately taken care of upon request before arrival.The rooms are large, much larger than comparable hotels. This is definitely the best hotel we've stayed at in London and we've stayed at the Le Meridien Picadilly, Sheraton Park Lane and several other 4-star hotels in the area. In addition to the large room, we were impressed with the quality of everything and the amenities in the room. There were bathrobes, a full-wattage blowdryer, etc, that sometimes upscale hotels even try to skimp on. The bathroom was really cool, trendy and well done and the towels and products, etc were all of good quality.The location is great, not far from Oxford st shops, the West End and Hyde park. We had no problem walking to most places, plus you could always get a cab instantly at the hotel.We started to go into Met Bar, about 11pm, but it was pretty much empty but it likely gets much busier later in the night. We ate at Nobu that night and the food was excellent, as expected. The decor was a little disappointing for such an exclusive restaurant though.Overall we had a great stay and I hopefully in the future I'll be able to spend more than one night there as it was a quick trip and hard to get the full experience. I would give this hotel 4.5/5 if I could. It's really a great city hotel, however I have stayed at luxury hotels in other cities where they've been on a higher different level. I must say, the price was on a totally different level too though! For the price we paid, I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Trendy London	Stayed at The Metropolitan on a Saturday night. Excellent check in service and very friendly door man. Next door to the Park Lane Hilton which is worth a trip to the 28th floor for cocktails and the splendid view. Hotel in general had a trendy feel to it, the lobby bar is slightly dull with nothing really going on. Went for drinks in the famous Met Bar and thought it was a little over rated…but if you’re in to celeb / people watching then I’m sure you would love it. We had a city room, which was perfectly adequate with all the usual extras you expect from a 5 star in London. Bathroom on the small size, but I was paying for a standard room…The staff seemed to make my stay as opposed to the facilities. The hotel is lovely although it’s missing the wow factor for me…although places like The Met bar and Nobu don’t really impress me. I prefer something a little more down to earth.	
Jul 29 2009 	Great location large rooms!	Our room had a fantastic view out over Hyde Park. The hotel's location was excellent: A tube stop was steps away and the pubs and shops of Mayfair were right around the corner. The staff were courteous to a fault, and late night room service was wonderful! The decor could use some updating, but overall I have no significant complaints with The Metropolitan.	
Jul 28 2009 	Wonderful London Hotel	We had a great stay at The Metropolitan. We had two connecting rooms - one for me and my husband and one for our daughters, ages 5 and 7. We booked the rooms under a 2 for 1 promotion. The rooms were really great. There was a lot of space and importantly, it was a very good use of space. The beds were extremely comfortable and the sofa along the window is quite useful. We even had a special surprise upon arrival. The hotel had set up a Wii in our daughter's room; they were totally delighted. The location is great and the room service food, albeit expensive, is quite good.	
Jul 27 2009 	Trendy and Fun but only worth it if you get a deal	Stayed here for work and managed to get a good deal for my client (299 GBP for 2 rooms/night). At this rate, it's a great deal for London. The hotel is extremely trendy and the rooms are quite cool. However, our first room had a terrible view, basically of a wall and ugly roofs. We complained and even though they were sold out, managed to get them to switch us to a much nicer room for the second night. Rooms are not large, but beds very comfortable - think Paramount hotel in NYC - small but well appointed and trendy. Having drinks in the lovely lobby bar is great and the tapas-like bar food absolutely first-rate, but of course extremely expensive. They are quite jumpy about the 'exclusive' met bar and make 100% sure you have a right to be there before letting you in and no pictures! The first night they were playing extremely loud, and terrible 80s pop (and I like 80s pop) so we could no go there for post-work drinks, and sat in the lobby instead. Next night it was quieter and more pleasant. I would make sure you get a park view room, before shelling out. But it's a cool place. We found staff (mostly from Eastern Europe) to be friendly and quite helpful, with good restaurant recommendations. PS the in-hotel restaurant is Nobu. Thought about going there but inside it didn't look anything as nice as the ones in NYC, was very loud, cramped and VERY expensive. Went elsewhere.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great for a special break	Having stayed at The Metropolitan a month earlier on business, I thought I would return for my wedding anniversary as I loved the Park Lane location right in the heart of it all.Booked through Superbreak I asked them to tell the hotel that we would be celebrating our wedding anniversary, but upon check-in, the staff were not aware of this. Still, they kindly upgraded us to a Metropolitan Room. The room was nice and spacious with Hyde Park views. My only grumble was the bathroom, which was on the small side and for a 5 star hotel, I like to have a seperate shower rather than in the bath.My wife spent the afternoon in the spa and said the staff and treatments were fantastic. I had a beer in the (in)famous Met Bar, which was very quiet for a Saturday afternoon, but had a chat with the friendly bar staff.We went out for dinner and returned for drinks in the Met Bar, which was great, although very expensive. I was a bit perturbed when the bar manager accosted my wife for taking a photo of us both, which is apparently banned in the bar, so you dont offend any of the celebrities who may be present. On this occasion there were none, so found this very over the top and unnecessary. All we wanted was a simple snap of our wedding anniversary.Breakfast next morning was fantastic, plentiful and of very high quality.All in all, a great hotel for a special occassion although be warned about the obnoxious manager of the Met Bar	
Jun 19 2009 	Worst hotel stay ever. I checked out after one night	The service, amenities, decor, quality of the room and lack of soundproofing were that of a one star hotel. A staff member actually pushed me as I entered the bar for a glass of wine because he thought I was sneaking into the alleged exclusive bar. The hotel is completely overrated. The rooms are drab, dirty and noisy. The staff is aloof and do not care about hotel guests. Two other guests were complaining about service - one as I checked in and the other as I checked out. Stay ANYWHERE else.	
Jun 14 2009 	A true legend - fantastic	With all the talk of fabulous deals available - we thought we would skip the travel and have a 'staycation' break in London. So much has been written about the Metropolitan since it opened, that we decided to check out what all the fuss was about. The hotel had some great packages and promotions, so was a lot better value than we thought it would be. Arriving after work on Friday, without the long commute home was only the start of the good times! The hotel is very stylish, in a simple, understated way. The staff are very chic in black Armani suits - but unlike many 'designer' experiences, are extremely friendly and helpful. We had chosen a Metropolitan Room, so had a wonderful view of Hyde Park. The room was spacious, clean and simply decorated. Stand out points were the amazing bed (fabulous bed linen), wide selection of entertainment, complimentary Wi-Fi and the COMO Shambhala amenities in the bathroom (one's worth stealing...). We treated ourselves to a spa treatment on Friday night. The spa is not very big, but they seem to have a large selection of treatments (the Spa Manager explained that they develop their resort treatments here - hence the selection). I had their signature massage and my partner had a facial - we both have been to many spas and agreed that the standard was superb. The next morning we spoke to the Concierge, who arranged a table that night in Nobu (we had called directly earlier in the week and were told they were fully booked - so they must have the 'special touch'). Again, it lived up to all the hype - a great crowd, fabulous service and amazing food. After dinner we went for a drink in the Met Bar - certainly with all the pictures of celebrities falling out its doors over the years, it was worth a peak. Like Nobu, the crowd were 'cool' and there was a great DJ playing. The bartenders were friendly and very knowledgeable, talking us through a fabulous selection of cocktails. We had a blast and stayed till 2am. Room service breakfast was very good and they also offer spa cuisine on the menu - which is nice to see in hotels. We tried some of the cupcakes from their afternoon tea menu - which were delicious (and the waitress told us that they were also healthy - so we did not feel as guilty as we should have). Another noteworthy feature of the hotel is the gym - very good quality and range of equipment. Going straight to work on Monday felt like we had experienced a week away - you really should try a holiday 'at home' and the Metropolitan is a fabulous hotel - it lives over and above the hype.	
Jun 9 2009 	Stars in London	Five star hotel can be VERY expensive in London, but nowadays customers are kings. So, not too expensive. Great view towards Buckingham palace, love bar and Michelin star restaurant. What else you need?	
Apr 29 2009 	Amazing hotel and amazing service	Having booked this hotel as a late celebration, we were overwhelmed by the welcome and the extremely high standards of service demonstrated by the hotel and its staff.The hotel is very well positioned with good access to local transport. A very modern comfortable design with all of the amenities you would expect to find in a 5 star hotel, but with a serious focus on quality service demonstrated by EVERY member of staff we encountered during our stay.The management and staff at the hotel provided a very warm welcome and having advised them that we were celebrating our anniversary, went above and beyond our wildest expectations and provided us with a complimentary triple upgrade to a Junior Suite and indulged us with a bottle of fine champagne on the house.What struck us most was how friendly all staff were and how determined they were to make our stay enjoyable. The quality of the breakfast was exceptional, prepared to order with a very extensive choice available.	
Mar 18 2009 	Hotel with a difference	I booked the Met when I read about the &quot;Roedere Cristal&quot; promotion they offer at the moment - you buy a bottle of Cristal in the Met Bar and you get the room for free. We had an excellent stay - the staff was amazinlgy friendly and helpful from reception to waiters - no exception. We were lucky that there was a gig on in the Bar and the music was great - a real buzz. The room we had was a &quot;basic&quot; but had everything I would expect from a five star hotel on Park Lane, the bathrooms are slighly small though. We enjoyed a Room Service dinner (you can order a Bento Box from Nobu!) and also had breakfast in the mornong, it's offered a la acarte but the choice is great.All in all a great stay - the hotel is stylish and doesn't try too hard to be a design hotel like others in town. The rooms are free of clutter and have a calming feel to them. I was impressed with their selection of TV and international radio channels.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great staff comfortable but decor beginning to show its age	Stayed here for 2 nights on a recent business trip. The Met used to be the hippest place in town and the location is fantastic. Very friendly and helpful staff but beyond the front lobby the hotel is starting to look dated. My room was clean and comfortable but the furnishings are starting to look a little bit worn. Fine overall, and I got a great deal on their website. Not sure i'd make a big effort to go back.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great location	We had a great stay at The Metropolitan. Service was terrific. Staff very helpful and hotel was centrally located. We could walk everywhere.Room overlooked an office building but it was well-appointed and larger than most London hotels.Would be happy to return!	
Nov 25 2008 	An pleasant drink of water	The Met is a very good hotel that puts a great deal of effort into doing things a little better. Personally I find it a little cold and lacking in atmosphere, but you are guaranteed a comfortable stay and, in my opinion, at reasonable value for money. Do not like the beer or crisps they offer, however.	
Nov 10 2008 	Metropolitan London	Enjoyed my stay but is nothing special just average. Standard rooms are very small but do feature full size iron and ironing board which was useful and a DVD player. The best point was the food at dinner which was very good. 5/10 min walk to Hyde Park Corner or Green Park tube stops. I would recomend this hotel if you enjoy a modern, trendy boutique feel hotel but if this is what you are after the St.Martins Lane hotel is better.	
Nov 1 2008 	Nice but could be better	Just felt that there is a lot of hype surrounding this hotel.It is a good location, there are beautiful people, the met bar is great - the rooms were a bit tired, but still quite contemporary, Just need a bit of a touch up.Wonderful spa products in the roomAs I am not fussed about sharing a drink with George Benson or P Diddy, perhaps this place was wasted on me, but I think that I will prob stay else when in future.	
Oct 30 2008 	Great choice for something a bit different	I love the Metropolitan - not because it was cool and lined with celebrities - but because it delivers great cocktails, delicious food, great service (with a smile), great views of the city, a fabulous location and the most important thing of all - a brilliant night's sleep! In the age of character-less hotels and rip-off rooms, how nice to find a room that has space aplenty, a functional bathroom, a decent seating area and nice quirky finishing touches, like a do not disturb button. What also struck me is that all the lights are in the right place, and are operated by, wait for it, SWITCHES!I was lucky enough to visit when the normal breakfast room was out of use, so I enjoyed breakfast served Nobu-style - a real treat! I also devoured every drop of the virgin fruit cocktail that I worked off my hangover with afterwards.I will be back!	
Oct 22 2008 	Nice hotel but nothing too special really	I stayed in this hotel the other night with work in one of the cheaper rooms. It was grand but really nothing special. The room was clean, the service good and the bar downstairs quite cool but nothing that would make me go back over other hotels Ive stayed in. We held an event in the hotel the following day though and the service for that was exceptional - we had staff at our side at all times making sure that everything was up to scratch. They only appear to have the one small conference room but I would definitely recommend an event there.	
Sep 30 2008 	Wonderful	This hotel is fantastic! It is so contempory and stylish, yet combines this with a warm, traditional service. The rooms are so well fitted, and the food is better than any resturant i have ever been to. I do recomend getting a park studio...it's well worth the extra cost.I try to stay here as much as i can...well done everyone at The Metropolitan!	
Sep 30 2008 	Fantastic suite excellent service trendy bar with the best cocktails!!	We had a fantastic stay at the Metropolitan Hotel. The service we received from the hotel and attached Met Bar was excellent. We had a large suite which had so much space it was more like an apartment. The room had fantastic views across London and was fitted with a huge flat screen tv. The bathroom was also lovely and had fantastic toiletries in, including lovely robes. The beds were also simply the most comfortable! The room service was fast and efficient, nothing was too much trouble. If you try out the Met Bar you must try the amazing cocktails, worth every penny! The bar had a great vibe and the service in the bar was exceptional. Everything was perfect. I have been back since and will definitely be going back again, hopefully for a longer stay!!	
Aug 26 2008	Worst Afternoon Tea EVER	We came here for an afternoon tea experience on a spur of the moment. Our mistake. For 24 pounds we got flour-less desserts, breadless sandwiches and pureed vegetables in a cup. For 3 people who paid 24 pounds each, we didn't even get portions for each person. The waiter informed us that the portions were usually for two people but since we had a third person he threw on a couple of extra flourless cupcakes even though we each paid full price for the tea. The breadless sandwiches (which cannot seriously be called a sandwich) included one cup with four slivers of leftover meat that topped a puree of mystery neon green stuff (unidentifiable) that filled the entire cup. The tea was bagged tea and came with no milk. The ambiance resembled a run down 50's style diner with the vinyl seats. The upside was you can get a reservation asap and there is no dress code - and there's a reason for this. We did not expect the Ritz here, however, for a whopping total bill of 100 pounds we did expect at least something resembling tea that you couldn't just pull out of your own kitchen and at least sandwiches that you don't have to eat with a spoon and share. If you're looking for an English tea experience, go through the trouble of making a reservation at a well-renowned place and abiding by their dress code. Learn from our expensive mistake.	
Aug 7 2008 	Great Location and Hip Ambiance	I lived in the Metropolitan hotel for 4 months in 1997 and 1998. Have been back several times since. It's not quite as 'edgy' and hip as it once was but the rooms are clean, bright and have great light (the ones facing the Park).With Nobu in the Hotel and the Park across the street and some of London's best shopping within blocks, the Metropolitan has much to offer.	
Jun 15 2008 	A wonderful experience	My husband and I stayed 2 nights in December for our wedding anniversary and it was a great experience, although I'm not sure it's quite worth the money. We had a standard room on one of the upper floors which had a magical view of London and the location is amazing. Some of the furniture etc is looking the tiniest bit tired, although it's clearly a design classic. I loved the fact that we could pipe music through into the bathroom and there was a good CD collection. The toilletries were divine and the bed extremely comfortable. There was a bit of a wait at check-in, even though we didn't turn up particularly early while we waited for a non-smoking room, but we were given free tea and coffee and biscuits so we just relaxed. The Met bar was great and the cocktails delicious. We ate at Nobu which was fabulous. A faultless trip, except perhaps the price since the room was fairly simply decorated compared to some we've been to, but all in all a great time and I'd recommend the experience.	
Jun 9 2008	The Best Hotel in London	Having lived in London and visited dozens of times, I can say without a doubt, that the Metropolitan is the best (provided of course that you like modern style hotels). The service was outstanding, the room was stunning, very simply but very luxurious. Views over Hyde Park are unparalleled. We were originally booked in the Sheraton Park Lane (don't ever stay there) and moved to the Metropolitan. Upon check-in, after hearing our horror story at the Sheraton, the front desk clerk upgraded us to a king room with a park view.Room service was wonderful and Nobu is right in the hotel--what more can one ask for?Bathrooms were nice and bed was very comfortable. Great location at the bottom of Park Lane, close to the Tube. Can't recommend enough.	
Jun 8 2008 	3-Star Hotel In Need of a Make-Over	My Wife &amp; I decided to book the Metropolitan for 3 nights while in London. After reading several so-so reviews on tripadvisor, the good rates on the hotel's website and the famous 'Met-Bar' won us over. We thought it would be a nice luxury hotel in park lane. Too be honest we should have spent slightly more and stayed at a proper place.The Metropolitan is unfortunately a tired has-been hotel with the service and decor of a 3-star hotel. 2 days before our check in, the hotel emailed us to ask what time we would be arriving so they could have a room ready. I thought this was fantastic as I had an early morning business meeting and this would allow us to refresh ourselves. On arrival, there was no room ready and the staff member who booked us in, could'nt care less and was extremely rude. He said that the email received from the hotel's reservation dept was no guarantee of the early room-check-in. Well then I ask you, what was the point of the hotel emailing us before hand. If they had'nt I would have showered in the Business Class Arrivals lounge at the airport. Relucantly after arguing with him for 40 mins, he gave us a 'box-sized' room to shower and change. No apology either was forthcoming from management. If they actually have any.The hotel during it's day must have been a hip and happening boutique hotel. Now the decor is fading and in dire need of replacement. The lobby is depressing and void of character. The hotel has none of the glitz you would normally associate with a 5-star west end hotel.Any Park Lane Hotel is supposed to have a proper concierge service. We asked the 'concierge' to book us a table at the Wolsey for Breakfast/Lunch. She called them up and was told they are fully booked at can't take us. We then walked to the Wolsey and they had plenty of tables available and we had a brilliant breakfast. The room we where given had a view over roofs of an adjacent building but was comfortable and had good linen. However it was also a bit shabby and in need of rennovation. Unfortunately the hotels dining is extremely limited. If you like Japanese then you are ok, but will probably not be able to get in to the restuarant which is 'booked up in advance'. This so called exclusivity is the hotel's ploy to try and keep the restuarant and bar popular. Two weeks previously we arranged with the 'special events co-ordinator to reserve a table for our friends on the saturday night. We provided them with a guest list as requested and all was confirmed. When we went down to the bar before our guests arrived. The 'bar manager' said that the bar was fully booked that evening and he had no reservation for us. When we explained to him abour reservation with the events co-ordinator, once again the met-hotel's staff member couldnt care less. We actually had to call the hotel's general manager to complain. Only after she apologised, did he give us a table and reluctantly. Then when we went into the bar, we found the bar empty. This was the case the whole evening. Maybe there where 2 full tables the whole night. Ours and one other. So why did they behave like they where fully booked??? As I said, it is part of their ploy to make out as if the hotel and bar and restuarant are still popular. At the end of the evening the bouncers became extremely aggressive when we tried to take some photos of our party. I would have understood if the bar was full of celebs but not when it was empty and we had probably provided half the takings for the evening.The hotel is well situated but lacking in food options. Breakfast is 25 Pounds and the closest restuarants are in Shepards Market, a five minute walk away. All-in all I would not recommend the Metropilatn hotel unless you are getting it for free.	
May 27 2008	Very Good	Stayed there for three nights and was very impressed with the &quot;can do&quot; attitude of the staff. On the whole the room was distinctly average which was a bit disappointing - given the reputation off the place I was expecting a lot more. It was comfortable and had everything in there that you'd hope to find it was just lacking the wow factor. I can not rave about the staff enough - they truly were professional, curtious and friendly throughout the entire stay. I would recommend it but unless you are spanking the mega bucks on the suites I think all the rooms will be pretty similar.	
Mar 19 2008	A charming oasis in a busy city	A gem of modern design, with impeccably polite and helpful staff. I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip - and this hotel was a charming, peaceful, quiet, wel--finctioning oasis after each busy day.	
Mar 14 2008	Distinctly Average!	My first visit to the Met on a business trip and I was left distinctly under whelmed - I booked a Deluxe City room but think I actually received a Std City room due to the lack of banquette seating as mentioned in the room description. The bathroom was tiny and very average with a shower over the bath, which is hardly 5 Star when most hotels in this bracket are pushing high-tech bathrooms. The shower head is fixed very low on the wall, so anyone like myself who is over 6ft has to almost kneel in the bath to take a shower. Rust had started to appear around the handle on the bath and around the mastic, which just looked very poor. The room itself was a decent size but the decor/furniture reminded me of a Premier Lodge and totally lacked character with not a contemporary picture or ornament in sight. Instead of the banquette seating, my room had two chairs with very scruffy, worn and loose fitting covers, which just looked plain tatty. The staff were very efficient but the entire experience left me completely under whelmed and feeling slightly cheated by the cost and the experience. The Dorchester is available from £205 if booked early enough and there really is no comparison - it might not be contemporary in style but it's a true 5 Star experience in every sense, unlike the Metropolitan!	
Jan 4 2008	Great Hotel	My wife and I stayed a the Met for Christmas and we had a wonderful stay. Without repeating what has been said in many of the other reviews, it should be said that the service, including the reception, the room service, and especially the concierge was absolutely impeccable. On Christmas day, for instance, they brought us a bottle of champagne compliments of the hotel. The room was nice, large and tasteful. Nobu was excellent. All in all, a hotel we would recommend.	
Jan 2 2008 	communication troubles closed bar but comfortable bed	I stayed at The Metropolitan booked through Tablet Hotels in December. I was looking forward to staying as I'd heard good things about it. When we arrived I was advised that they did not have a reservation for me. We discussed this at length with the reception staff who were perfectly polite, it then became apparent that the reason they couldn't find our booking was because the hotels communication system was down - they didn't have phone or internet connections!! I was amazed that in 2007 things like this still happened in major hotels. I was asked if I had a print out confirmation as we were not on their manual lists. Eventually I was able to get my sister to email me the confirmation to my blackberry so that I could show the reception girl. She then had to get the manager as I was &quot;still not on the list!&quot;. Eventually all was sorted they comp'd our drink in the lobby whilst this had all been going on. My husband and I then only had 20 mins to get ready to get to the Royal Opera house where we had tickets. We had hoped for a quick bite in Nobu but this was now out of the question.The room standard was generous sized for London, very minimialist (plain!) but with a very comfy bed and great shower (and smellies). However when we got to the room there was a memo under the door saying that the hotel bar was closed for a private party after 10pm and couldn't be used by residents but we could order drinks in the hotel lobby.I was very dissappointed by this as I had hoped that we could have a leisurely drink after the Ballet. Not to be the case. The Lobby is &quot;fine&quot; for a coke or coffee but its overlit, plain and not comfortable for relaxation.The overall experience was not what I hoped for and ended up being little more than a comfortable bed for the night, rather than a top rated hotel experience.If you go take a print out of your reservation	
Jan 2 2008 	Had a great time	After seeing a few poor reviews on The Met on here we were a little nervous about our trip for New Years Eve. However our worries were unfounded as we really enjoyed the Hotel and found the service to be first class and very friendly.Everyone we had contact with was extremely friendly and couldnt do enough for us. So we cannot understand some of the negatives here about poor service. The rooms are very nice, with high quality linens, fabrics etc. Maybe some parts could do with a spruce up, like the bathrooms but thats being very picky as its an excellent hotel. The Met Bar was good too, with a nice crowd of people in both times we went in.	
Dec 24 2007 	5* trip	Me, my partner and daughter went away for the Christmas weekend and as part of their gift I paid for the hotel. We usually stay in lovely 5* hotels and this did not fail to disappoint. The service, staff and room were all fabulous. We had a great view of London including the London Eye. Situated on Park Lane you are only a short walk to Regent Street. As our daughter is only 9 we did not eat in Nobu but the restaurant did not look very atmospheric as it is rather steril in decor. We did however, all enjoy cocktails (non-alcholic are fab for children to enjoy) in the famous the Met bar. Much to our daughters disappointment no celebs were present. You can get a great deal on-line and we would certainly stay again.	
Dec 14 2007 	Not too bad but not to good neither	Stayed here for three nights. We got upgraded to floor 9 which was a whole lot better than the lower floor we started at.It seems to me that the Met hasn't really adjusted itself to the competition in London, it is a little worn and I couldn't really feel the buzz.If you are looking at a hotel within this price range I suggest the Sanderson.Don't misunderstand me, this is a good hotel but you know the feeling of when you have had higher expectations...Peter Gustafsson	
Dec 3 2007 	Every day is pancake day at The Met	Apparently if you fancy a meal in the hotel restaurant book it a month in advance, or so the concierge told me. So my hotel doesn't effectively have a restaurant. To have a drink at the bar you first have to negotiate your way past the muppets then if you like fat dancing business men, I suppose at a push you may like it here.The room was ok but no better than The Hoxton.Top tip, until 7th Jan 2008 the Hilton next door does rooms for 159 quid.In a word &quot;tossers'	
Nov 27 2007 	Cancel your booking!!	Where to start! Here goes, I had very high expectations of this hotel and who could blame me after paying £450 per night. Firstly the staff are to be polite, awful, It seems to me if you are not famous then you are not important actually more of a hinderance.The hotel itself is trying to be to cool lets take the hotel bar which is dark,noisy,expensive and full of people trying that bit to hard. The reception area is ok at best very plain and in my opinion about as impressive as a Travel Lodge. The room itself was the best thing about the hotel we had lovely views over Hyde Park but you pay a premium for that pleasure. Overall I would suggest you look elsewhere try The Dorchester or Claridges at least you will be looked after.	
Nov 25 2007 	Not a good experience	The Metropolitan is a sub standard hotel and expensive for what you get. The check in is laughable, checked in at 11am, and was told we'd be put on an express room list. We went back at 2pm (when check in is supposed to be) and was told the room would be about 20mins. Went back in 20 mins and was told exactly the same. Didn't get into the room until 3pm. No tea making facilities in the room. Bathroom small and basic. Beds were comfortable. Morning paper was order, but didn't arrive. The Met Bar is over rated and expensive. Nobu is fantasic and the best thing about the hotel.	
Oct 28 2007 	Fantastic Location Nice Hotel	The Metropolitan is a very nice modern minimalist hotel in a fantastic location. The rooms aren't large (including the bathroom), but the staff is lovely, the bed very comfy and you are in walking distance of many of the &quot;to see&quot; places. It is also convenient for the underground. I have only had breakfast in the hotel and the fruit and english breakfast was very good. For some very sad reason they don't serve a proper pot of tea. Even the english breakfast tea is a weak infusion type thing (I just bought my own tea bags). Nobu (fantastic sushi) is here and hotel guests to get priority seating (a big plus as it is hard to get into!!!). Overall great for the money and can't beat the location.	
Oct 13 2007 	Great Hotel but maybe not for all	We spent the first 3 days of our honeymoon at the Met. We opted for the great City Lights Package.Stepping off a plane after a 13 hour flight from Singapore, nothing beats being picked up in a Merc S Class (part of the package).The reception was efficient and there was ample staff around to help with our luggage and show us to our room. The room itself (a King City) was large and spacious. The bed was very comfortable tho my wife found it a tad too soft. The washroom was probably slightly small relatively speaking but still good enough. Amenities were great.The conceirge was friendly and very helpful. The Met Bar (on the night we visited) was pretty chill and had good music. Breakfast (included) was a huge meal.Sounds great, so why not for all? I read quite a few of the other reviews here before coming so I was quite apprehensive about whether it would be worth the loads of money I was paying.It has a veneer of poise that some may find to be stuffy or snobbish but in reality, practically without exception, all the staff were very helpful and polite once you started speaking to them. So if you are used to the atmosphere at a branded goods store where things are not effusively warm (and you would probably not want them to be), you would be right at home here.On the other hand, if you find such places intimidating and stuffy, then you would probably not like the Met which is perfectly understandable.So those who are used to more modern, classy environments, I would recommend the Met highly!	
Oct 7 2007 	Comfortable modern hotel excellent location inconsistent service	My feelings on my stay at The Metropolitan are mixed. On the plus side: location, amenities, excellent room servicing/turn down service. Being a hotel resident also gets you and your guests access to the Met Bar (otherwise you need to be a member) and the excellent Japanese restaurant Nobu is also in the building. On the downside: it is VERY expensive to stay here, and the staff is not consistently trained in the kind of customer service you would expect at hotel of this price point. Details below..LOCATION: The hotel is right beside the south-east tip of Hyde Park (and as such is just a few minutes walking distance from the tube station Hyde Park Corner). The area is very safe and provides for a great deal of major sights, shopping and restaurants within walking distnace. LOBBY AND ROOM: I had a King size room with a partial park view. The room was very spacious, comfortable and had an elegant modern design sensibility. The bathroom was small by American standards, but was luxuriously appointed with an amazing shower and towel heaters. The sink was a bit weird though in that the stainless steel bowl + the faucet's very sharp spray = a lot of &quot;up-spray&quot;. Lights, temp, fan and &quot;do not disturb&quot; status is controlled via a push button control panel near the door (very cool). The beds are amazingly comforable, with one sumputous down (or down-like, it was proberly non-allergic) comforter provided instead of the usual fussy sheet sets (a suede over-comforter is removed with turn down service).OTHER GOOD STUFF: Turn down service was exceptional. My first night, I got a note from the front desk manager thanking me for my stay with a little complimentary fruit plate. Every night, a bottle of water + glass were at the bedside, with my slippers and a little mat placed on the side of the bed I slept on, and the bathroom was cleaned and supplies refreshed. In the morning, they will have the paper of your choice (as avail) delivered to your door. BAD STUFF: There are a lot of hotels in London, none of them cheap, but few as expensive as The Metropolitan. I only ended up staying here because there was no availability in similarly appointed hotels in the area. Sometimes the service you get it is fantastic (see above), and other times you're scratching your head in disgruntled wonderment. When you check-in, one of the front desk folks takes you to your room and explains the room's amenities. This is very nice, but simple questions diverting them from their script sometimes confuse them (e.g., my gal mentioned that converters were avail for their plugs--when asked where they were, she mumbled something about not being sure--they're with the non-refrigerated minibar stuff by the way for a nominal charge). While residents are supposed to be able to order drinks in the lobby 24 hours, getting service can be problematic. At around 10 pm, my guest and I waited for over 15 minutes with no response (even though the front desk could clearly see we sat down) before having to get up and ask for service...and then another more curt request after 5 minutes resulted in them sending a restaurant waiter instead of a Met Bar waitress at first--and just stiff indifference instead of any apology for the wait. The Met Bar itself is cool with great mixed drinks, but at a steep price....10.50 pound each (but if you go, try the fresh fruit puree martinis: in particular, passion fruit martini).Without the service gaffes, I would have rated this hotel in the 4.5 star range.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great Location ignore lots of Reviews	Was a bit worried about staying here when we saw some of the reviews. Got a last minute cheap deal so went for it and it was a lot better than many reviewers led me to believe. Obviously the normal price is expensive but anywhere in that area of London is. Were worried we might get the worst room but it was gorgeous,on the 9th floor and with a fantastic view over Hyde park.We found the staff very friendly and helpful. We tried to get into Nobu but it was full but the concierge booked us into a beautiful Italian a short walk away. We came back to the Met Bar but did find this disappointing, a little pretentious - they don't serve any brand name drinks as they seem to be trying to look exclusive but really the music was old and cheesey with a few very 'unhip' people dancing around and I really couldn't believe that any 'stars' would want to rush there!! The cocktails were very good and very expensive - we had 2 drinks each and when they added service charge it came to neary 50 quid!!Overall we had a great experience but if we had paid the full price we may have felt a little ripped off .	
Sep 9 2007 	Excellent Place to Stay if You're Looking for "Urban Hip"	Excellent comfort, amenities, and service. Similar to the W brand in presentation and execution. Location between Mayfair and Hyde Park is very convenient. I stayed here for just short of a week.My room was an ok size, which anywhere else would be not great, but in London was quite satisfactory. The bed and bedding were excellent quality. Bed was firm and duvet was quite plush. The room faced away from the street and was extremely quiet. I slept very well.Internet access and business facilities were very good. A couple of times I had special requests with respect to getting printouts, faxes, packages, etc. All requests were handled very efficiently with little fuss.The bathroom was shower only, but well appointed and stylish, which I like. Towels and toiletries were excellent. Morning breakfast was very good, though expensive (the norm in London).There was a nice bar and restaurant, but I didn't try them out. A colleague staying in the same hotel said that the bar was quite the happening place.The air conditioner leaked initially. However, the service people fixed it quickly such that the problem did not recur during my stay.I might say that the hotel takes itself a little too seriously. On the scale of practical and fashionable, it is located at the extreme urban hip end of the spectrum to the point of being a bit pretentious. That said, it's an outstanding hotel. And hey, a lot of people love urban hip, or else the W wouldn't do as well as it does.I would definitely recommend this hotel to people that like the W-type experience and feel.	
Sep 5 2007 	Ehhhh....	I'd give it a pass rating...barely. First room given was not sufficient as previous stays (small), but a request for a better one was given (coprorate deal / frequent visitors, thank god). Maid service - possible you will get 3 visits (cleaning, turndown, bar replenish) and another if they ran out of something (shampoo etc). One came walking in loudly apologizing whilst a business call was in progress (not good!!). The actual maids are nice, so i will say this is a management issue.Room service / food: not good. For these prices it should at least be decent. Again, room service people are nice, but the food always took longer than exected and was just not good. Nobu bento box -so so. Met bar appetizers - 1 of 3 was good. mangement issue #2.Concierge: here is where you realize the hotel is working for itself and not you - 1) just about every recommendation was geared towards a comission, even if the recommendation was absolutely sub-par. I can see if it's a toss-up, sure take the commish. but don't steer me towards crap so you can make a dime. in one case where we knew the truth and tested them, they flat out said the good restaurant was bad and to go to the one they recommend. no, no, no, this is just blatant 2) They don't answer the phone (five calls externally) and we ended up booking ourselves. It's really that bad, worse than horrible. Do not go near these fellows and get your own recommendations rom friends or on-line if you must. Definitely management issue #3.So how's the room? Showing its age. Bed might have another year left in it, comfy but starting to sag, pillows were bright spot. Towels in bathroom are basically large versions of holiday inn - rough as sandpaper (good exfoliant though!). Heated towel rack in the bigger room was good, and the toiletries are spa quality. Wood vanity and back of door in bathroom will need a re-finishing soon from steam and water damage. Front desk people are nice and competent. In fact, except for the concierge people, everyone was very nice, Which pretty much means that management should be fired. Let's face it, this luxury hotel stuff is just not your bag, baby.p.s. the main bartender at the met bar makes the most phenomenal old fashioned in the world. thumbs up!	
Aug 11 2007 	Location not enough	Tragically hip and potentially one of the sharpest looking London Hotels, The Metropolitan should be one of the nicer places to stay. Unfortunately, great views, great rooms, great location and Nobu on the premises is where the &quot;greats&quot; come to a crashing end. I love this neighborhood and typically stay across from The Metropolitan wondering if it was a better life in those groovy suites...Made a res there and found it wasn't -the expensive way. The value was poor (this is not reflective of the exchange rate either), the rooms although on the surface seemed top quality we discovered there is a significant mold issue which made our stay intolerable. Aside from the headaches and general feeling of unwellness after overnighting here we enjoyed our pre check-out Breakfast but questioned the rather odd stark room that reminded me of a Mayo Clinic waiting room.It's a shame that this property has the issues it does because it could have everything going for it. Oh well you know that old saying about lipstick on a gorilla.....No offense to any of you gorillas out there.	
Jun 26 2007 	it was cool in the late 90s...	Stayed for five nights in June. Will not stay here on my next trip to London. Arrival:Door man stood amused watching me struggle with my bags from the taxi to the lobby. This turned out to be a fitting first impression on the level of service offered.Check-in:Just took my ccard and punched in my info, absolutely no sign of any interest in personalising my stay. I enquired about the room but was cooly told that they are full and it is the only room I could have so this was not worth discussing. Room: Stayed at a normal city view guestroom on the 4th floor. Small room that had the feel of a travelodge about it. Old CRT TV with a system that needed to be reset every other time I used it. For this they charged GBP340 + vat. I think I could do better even in London. Room service:Limited menu, particularly for the 24hr selections. Had the caviar one night but the blinis were old and dry. Met Bar:This is probably the worst bit about this hotel but also sums it up. This used to be very hot when they opened in the 90s but today it is a sad place. Looks worn and tired, nearly empty most nights. A group of lager drinking northerners in untucked shirts singing in the corner. I do not mind such people but it is just not what this hotel is so desperately trying to be. Check-out:Enquired about possibility of a late check-out the day before departure but was sternly told that this was very unlikely but that I could ask at check-out time. Called in the morning of departure and was told that this is not possible. I told them that my experience is that most times something can be worked out. They called back telling me I could stay until 4pm if I paid 50% of the day rate. Just the fact that they offered this means they did not really need the room! I had no choice than agreeing to pay and knew then that I will never stay here again. Positives:the waitresses working in the lobby and bar were lovely. Food at nobu is still very good, and much more enjoyable than the pretensious nobu berkeley. Location is great for hyde park and mayfair.	
May 24 2007 	fab.......	Stayed at this hotel for 6 nights from May 17th.....not a cheap hotel but you get what you pay for....top class service and nothing was a problem........ I would definetly recommend it for young couples and buisness people....Nobu was fab and again exspensive but outstanding food.......very central location in walking distance from oxford street and knightsbridge......I will definetly stay here from now on....have stayed in others and been very shabbily treated..... the whole atmosphere is quiet, calm, 5 star chic....a must.	
May 1 2007 	Central and Chic	Just returned from London. Stayed in the Metropolitan, which had been recommended by a friend. The hotel is very modern and efficient. The central location, right in the heart of the West End of London, close to Hyde Park and Knightsbridge suited us well and we felt comfortable and welcomed each time we interacted with the hotel staff.Service standards were consistent and above the standard that you normally encounter.Keep up the good work!	
Apr 16 2007 	Modern and minimalist - but OK	Clearly above average. Very modern and minimalist but has all what a business traveller needs. Very comfortable bed, staff extremly helpful and polite.Japanese restaurant - Nobu - one of the best sushis I ever had.Would definitively recommed to all business travellers.	
Mar 27 2007	Modern Day Icon with a Big Heart	Modern Day Icon with a Big HeartI have stayed at The Met on business many times and it is often the saviour to a high pressured day offering the ultimate in understated luxury. Slick and sleek in an unflustered way that allows me to chill out before a great meal out in the worlds gastro centre.This time though was family time with my team of 3 children ranging from 8 to 15. Each of them were greeted with “respect” – hugely important for growing juniors and all enjoyed the wow factor of our interconnecting series of rooms with London’s best views, set back that bit from Park Lane with uninterrupted views of the Park. They loved the Ipod Dock, the giant Plasma Screens and the wifi computer keyboards. In fact we had 3 of these sytems between the rooms so at one point they were all on line doing their own thing. Now technology is all very well, but can a fashionista’s favourite cope with a family at weekends and turn its hand to the leisure market – Yes and Yes very well. At all times the staff managed name recognition with all the children and me and my wife and they soon got to know the idiosyncrasies of them all particularly with the most convoluted room service breakfast order with each of them enjoying their own favourites from Porridge to Pancakes, Fruit and Hot Chocolate.Luxury on London’s dearest patch is never going to be cheap, but then cheap is often what cheap gets. Value, yes of course its good value, it charges what it needs to for great quality accommodation with plenty of flexibility for families and a really caring staff that go that yard further for all their guests. Sure I had been before, but my family hadn’t and they are all seriously hard judges and they all loved it. Children these days don’t want patronising with “children’s meals” they love Nobu’s blackened Cod and they appreciate good service just as much as Mum and Dad.The bar is a legend and it goes from good to great as it emerges from a serious makeover, great esrvice and a well made cocktails. Not a million miles away means that we enjoyed it while the children enjoyed all the stuff in the rooms.And what do I know? – well let’s just say I’ve spent my life in them and I think honest praise is a pleasure to give when it’s so well deserved. If I loathe them I stay away, the Met remains as always a star and has now become a serious option for the discerning leisure traveller. Privately owned and personally managed by a caring team that never rest on their laurels ensuring attention to detail that makes all the difference.	
Feb 28 2007 	Overrated??	We were heading up to London for a late dinner and decided to treat ourselves to a night in a hotel. I researched a few hotels, but eventually decided on the Metropolitan. As we were eating in Nobu, I thought it would be nice and easy to crawl up to bed after dinner, replete with blackened cod and sashimi. We went for a drink in the Met Bar before dinner. That was interesting. It is much smaller and less celeb-infested than the tabloids would have you believe. Although we did (according to my boyfriend) see a bottom-half-of-the-table premiership football club manager and an ex-goalie! Rock on! The room was fine, comfy but not as dripping in luxury as I'd imagine. The breakfast (included in the overnight price) was delicious and plentiful, and even more so as it was delivered to the room. The view wasn't great, and the bathroom was quite small. The hotel is nice, but I was left with the overarching feeling that it was a bit of a disappointment, and certainly not worth the money. I've had better stays for a lot less in the capital.	
Jan 7 2007 	Great Experience!	My sister and I just got back from London - it was our first time but we were well prepared for the prices compared to U.S. We spent about $420 U.S. per night at this hotel. It wasn't entirely worth the money but I didn't feel ripped off either.The Metropolitan is the ultra-modern, minimalist style hotel - like the W Hotel chain - except from the 90's so it is lacking some warmth. The rooms were nice - spacious, good TV, cool view, extra pillows, nice hot shower, great shampoo/conditioners. The hotel itself was nice aside from the constant smell of smoke everywhere (not in our room though) but i guess that is to expected when in Europe. The service though was wonderful! Really impressive. We had just a slight problem upon check in - they made us wait over an hour for our room and it was after check-in time! But the lady at the desk dealt with my complaint (i mean i had been travelling for 14+ hours) very professionally. The room service was so fast it was incredible and the food was good too. The wait staff in the breakfast room were so sweet and polite it made breakfast a real pleasure. We had dinner at Nobu, the japanese restaurant that is in the hotel itself. The food was of course great, expensive but great. You know going in, you'll get great sushi but you pay for the name. But of course the service was superior. No attitude - we walked up with no reservation and they just seemed happy we were there. One thing you can't beat with this hotel is the location - if you are doing the tourist trip in London! You can walk everywhere or catch the underground very conveniently. You are close to many shopping areas and tourist attractions. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel - we really enjoyed our stay!	
Oct 30 2006 	Great Central Location	Hubby and I went on a combination business and pleasure trip. Metropolitan had a great location and was in easy walking distance of several tube stations and many London attractions. The only drawback was no coffeemaker in the room. The wireless connection was easy and the sheets and pillows were soft and comfortable. The staff was friendly and very helpful and knowledgeable. The breakfast in the hotel was very expensive and not very good, but there's a Starbucks and a Pret a Mange about 3 blocks away. However, their room service desserts were delightful!	
Oct 26 2006 	unhelpful reception staff	This is a top priced exclusive designer hotel on the park in mayfair -one of the best addresses in london.The hotel itself is modern and has a luxury feel with bang up to date entertainmnet sytems,marble bathrooms and a massive luxury style bed.My big issue is for a £350 a night hotel (the breakfast itself was £25 !) - the service was poor and when i had a minor complaint -blocked sink -the staff on reception were unfriendly and unhelpful.Although a relatively minor problem meant i couldnt wash /shave properly the way the staff on check out told me &quot;you should have called maintainance&quot; when i complained about it was highly unhelpful and even refused to take £10 off my bill !i wont be staying again and felt very unhappy as i left having had to argue with unhelpful and grumpy staff for 10 minutes.	
Aug 29 2006 	Overpriced rubbish	Poor facilities, questionable staff attitude, faltering service and a complete lack of ambience are compounded by outrageous pricing.The hotels' only redeeming feature is its free wireless Internet, which I felt compelled to use to post this review.There are so many better hotels in London - at least 291 according to this site! Definitely not on my list for a return visit.	
Jul 17 2006 	charming and comfortable	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in July. What a great location! Right in the middle of the best part of London. Had a very nice room, with a view of Hyde Park. Good points: nice big room, efficient bathroom, very comfortable beds, windows open (with key from attendant), power outlets galore!, wide hallways, and lots of room to spread out. Not so good points: cold and inept staff (except for a very nice concierge lady, who had honest care to help), bar loud, noisy, and filled with not-so-pretty people, (bartender rolled his eyes at me when I asked to fill my glass with ice), in-room dining was uninspired and at times bordered on inedible, and the usual: terribly over-priced. Still liked it better than the Sanderson. I just love that neighborhood!	
Jun 22 2006 	Not the right choice for families	We arrived at this hotel on 11pm with a confirmed reservation for connecting rooms(confirmed the day before in addition to the day they were made). We arrived to find no connecting rooms available, and were moved to the apartments around the corner. At first this seemed ideal as they are large. Unfortunately, they are not air conditioned and at $1000 per night for two rooms, this was not acceptable. As they are around the corner and down the block room service took forever to bring room service orders. The first one was wrong and took another 20 minutes to correct, the second arrived cold. They only restaurant option in the hotel is Nobu, which is great for adults, but not ideal for kids.We checked out after 24 hours, and and had a $1500 bill including two room service meals. The hotel had offered to rent portable air conditioners, but it would need at least another day, and there was a heat wave in London. The furnishings in the apartment are mid level as well. The shower in the master bath was so small, you could not turn it on from outside the shower, so you got soaked trying to adjust the temperature. Water pressure a problem as well. I will say the front desk staff is very good looking.	
Jun 1 2006	Well worth a weekend	Wanted to see what this hotel was like for a weekend away and was really impressed. The lobby was brand new the bar buzzing and the staff friendly. Was upgraded to a room looking over the park, girlfriend thought i had won the lottery. good value and well worth it.	
Apr 28 2006	High-End Modern	If the Stafford (my preferred choice) exemplfies classical, stylish hotels, the Metropolitan is the new wave in hotels. Minimalist and clean in design, it has everything that one could want in a high-end hotel. There are heated towel-racks, complementary shoe-shining, and a full set-up for interconnectivity.Although i did not use it, the gym is supposed to also be top-notch.	
Mar 4 2006 	Comfortable and Stylish	Short business trip to London and stayed at the Metropolitan. About what you would expect for the price. Very contemporary styling, similar to the W Hotels but much brighter and more open. The staff were friendly and efficient although perhaps a bit curt at times. Full gym and spa in the basement, and location is very central and within walking distance of Hyde Park and local restaurants and shops. Room was quite large and comfortable for London with great bedding and amenities. The only real negative was the shower that was blocked up and wasn't fixed during my brief stay. Wired and wireless internet access was also expensive ($40/day) but that wasn't a problem as there was an open wireless network nearby that actually had a better signal than the hotel, it was so good that I didn't realize that I wasn't on the hotel's network until I mentioned it to colleagues (&quot;The internet connection here is great! Oh, that's not the hotel? And it's not free?&quot;). I'd enjoy staying here again if its convenient, but not enough that I would make this my default London hotel for business trips.	
Feb 23 2006	Out of style!	What a let down! We had been choosing between Metropolitan or Sanderson and regretfully made the horrible mistake of choosing the Metropolitan. Although we only stayed one night and then moved to Sanderson (thank God!). The lobby is tiny tiny, and really unexciting. The rooms are out of style, old and small. The bathrooms are super small and horrible. Even in a Park suite there is no chance for 2 persons to be in the bathroom at the same time. The Met bar is a laugh. Almost no lightening and a very boring crowd of people. No sorry to say, the Metropolitan has seen its days of glamour. Not worth staying there any more. Although, I must admit the service was perfect!	
Jan 14 2006	Great New Year's stay excellent location!	I chose the Metropolitan after having stayed at a sister hotel, Cocoa Island.Obviously, after reading reviews on this website I was a little apprehensive, so we probably went up expecting the worst! We did, however, find totally the opposite. ALL of the staff were very friendly, including the porters, restaurant staff, front-desk staff and especially the staff in the Met Bar where we ended up spending New Year's eve.The room we had was up at the top of the hotel, and we had fantastic views of Mayfair and Hyde Park. The room itself, whilst looking a bit used in places was very comfortable and had everything we needed including a very good room entertainment system.The bathroom was very disapointing for a COMO hotel however despite the inclusion of the trademark products.Parking was easy, and once we left the car with the porter we didn't need it again as the hotel is in such a great location.Breakfast was very good as was the room service food. Drinks in the bar were very good with some great cocktails, prices were to be expected although I didn't think they were too steep. I would stay here again, but with so many hotels to choose from in London, competition is very tight and there are others I'd like to try including the other London COMO hotel, the Halkin.	
Dec 13 2005	Don't believe the hype!	We recently stayed at the Metropolitan and were completely under-whelmed and disappointed by the whole experience. The hotel is overrated - the rooms were sparce, cold and shabby (our room on the 2 Floor was opposite a nightclub so we had to put up with booming music until 4 am). The staff were aloof and unhelpful and the attitude shown to guests when trying to enter the infamous &quot;Met Bar&quot; after 9 pm was unacceptable. Considering this is the only hotel bar, its is virtually impossible as a resident to get a drink. Steer clear and book into Claridges instead.	
Nov 28 2005	Over-rated	My wife and I stayed here for one night in order to secure a last minute reservation at Nobu. The Met Bar was good - quite but the staff were good as were the cocktails. The rest of the hotel staff in general gave the impression that they didn't really care about you. Nothing specific, but for the money there are plenty of other hotels that have a lot better atmosphere so the Metropolitan won't be getting any more of my business.	
Oct 30 2005	Very nice!	I stayed at the Metropolitan only one night but wish it could have been longer. Service from the front desk and room service were efficient and friendly, no noticeable snobbery. The room was clean, in good repair, decor was cute, and thank goodness for courtesy slippers. Breakfast was a surprise-- amazingly good for hotel food! I went downstairs to Nobu for a pleasant dinner and got excellent service again. Then on to the Met Bar for a drink-- that was the only disappointment. My drink tasted great but the bar itself was sooo tiny with mirrored walls to fool you into thinking it's larger. Otherwise a very nice place compared to the couple other London hotels I've seen.	
Oct 13 2005	I was robbed in this hotel!	I have stayed in Metropolitan 21-27 September 2005 and was robbed. Three antic maps which I just have bought for 1100 british pounds (almost USD 2000) were stolen from my room. There is no doubt for me that they were stolen by the staff because according to the CCTV camera recordings only the staff entered the room in my absence. After I have discovered the theft the only person who came to speak with me was security service representative. Not a single senior manager came or at least called to say that they will do everything they can to solve this problem and that they are sorry. No one. No one even tried to say that they are sorry for what has happened with me in their hotel. The only thing that I have heard ten times from the security service representative was that the hotel will in no case take any liability (though I didn’t even ask about any liability). Everyone’s attitude, everyone’s behavior from the management/staff was just as like nothing terrible has happened. Total ignorance. It was a huge problem and stress for me but not for hotel management. But the Oscar goes not to the senior management but to the reception people. The receptionist lady told me when I was checking out: “Well, bad experience…”.The hotel call itrself “a private haven”. Well, not for me anymore.	
Sep 9 2005	Treated like a celebrity	Absolutely wonderful treatment at all times. No snobbishness detected, as others on this website seem to think. I thought they had mistaken me for a celebrity, but then I realized that that was their standard of care. Room was like a display from the New York Museum of Modern Art. Bed was gigantic, sheets and pillows were the greatest I've ever experienced! Bathroom was a bit small but well designed ergonomically, and very artistic. Room service was very precise, breakfast delivered at the exact time as requested each day. NOBU restaurant MUST be experienced. Never mind the price. Breakfast served in the dining room was most elegant. Spotted several celebrities in the lobby. Lobby is small, but don't let that fool you. Employees are always polite and professional. Concierges are most helpful. A wonderful experience overall. Located right near the Hyde Park Corner Station; very convenient.	
Aug 29 2005 	Seriously lacking in charm	What on earth was I thinking? Highly fashionable for a couple of years - I should have realised that places like this age very very quickly. The once-stylish and ultra modern interiors now seem dusty, faded and cheap. The rooms are incredibly shabby with chipped furniture, marked carpets, mouldy mirrors and mucky baths. What is almost funny (except that the rates are so high) is that the staff behave as if they are still the top hotel in London. There were a couple of nice people - a very nice australian receptionist and a keen doorman - but for the most part the staff were aloof and patronising. I found the service charges ridiculous. I stood at the bar and had to explain to the barman how to make a Kir Royale - I even had to point the cassis out to him- and then I got charged a couple of quid for the 'service'!!There were nice toileteries in the bathroom, a great (but overpriced) minibar, the bed was comfortable and the TV was great with loads of film channels. The room service menu is really good and the service was quick. Nobu is still a fabulous place to eatThere are some real positives to this place but one can't help but feel totally and utterly fleeced.It needs some money spending on it or the rates lowering.	
Jul 26 2005	The Met is great	We ended a two week European vacation with a one-night stay at The Metropolitan. Despite reading and hearing that this place was snob central, I never really detected any from the staff. Sure, a few guests were snooty but you can get that at a Motel 6 in the USA in some places.The hotel is in an excellent location (Hyde Park is close, the Palace is very close, and Picadilly Circus is probably a 15-minute walk -- not bad for London). We didn't eat at Nobu, but I think the place speaks for itself.We did hit the lobby bar -- which is supertrendy -- and it wasn't what I expected. We were ushered in with only a check of our room key and actually found spots at the bar. Great service and music -- the DJ on 7.22.05 was excellent. Never once treated like we didn't belong, and we both were wearing jeans and not dressed up at all (late on a Friday, no less). I was ready to not be let in after things I heard but we were fine.The rooms are the highlight, however. The beds are amazing, the bathrooms are amazing (great lotions and soap and heated towels!), and the TVs are great as well. The mini-bar has more selections than you'll ever need.For the price, I am sure you can do better in London (the K+K Hotel George, for example). But this is a very trendy, classy hotel in a great location and these factors must be considered.I would stay here again -- but I'd just as easily stay at the K+K Hotel George again as well. Depends on what you're shooting for in your visit to London. FYI -- it is about a 50 Pound cab ride from Heathrow.	
Jul 17 2005 	Frequent and happy business visitor	I am very happy with the Met. Premium rooms are excellent.Room service menu is unimaginative - but good.My experience of the service is entirely positive - and it is service that makes the hotel so good.	
Jul 9 2005 	Not horrible not great	I stayed at the Metropolitan on business for about 4 or 5 nights in December 2004. Yes, the hotel staff is VERY reserved (or &quot;snooty&quot;, as some have described), and yes, they can make you feel a bit unwelcome, but on the whole it's a nice hotel if you like an understated, modernist style.The room I had was on the small side of average, but it was by no means tiny and it was much larger than a more expensive room I subsequently had around the corner at the Four Seasons. I was particularly grateful for the iron and ironing board provided - despite staying &quot;on the company dime&quot; I abhor paying hotels in $10 to press my shirts.The much-touted bar was decidedly dead when I visited, and Nobu - for all it's hype - was merely adequate. I've had much better sushi in my home city of San Francisco for a lot less money. In my opinion you simply cannot beat the location of this (or any hotel in the immediate area). Shepherd's Market just behind the hotel is host to numerous excellent and reasonably priced (for London) restaurants. My favorite for breakfast is a little place called Da Corradi, on the passage to Curzon Street.All-in-all I would stay again, but it would not be my first choice of 5-star hotels in the area.	
May 3 2005	The Best 	Most of the criticisms you've heard about the Metropolitan are valid. The staff at the front desk are haughty, snooty, preoccupied, and often confused. They are clearly more concerned with being 'hip' than with helping guests. For example, it was exceedingly difficult to get one of them to help us when our elevator keycard malfunctioned. You'd think that might warrant some attention?The hotel, however, is pretty amazing. My friends and I were fortunate to have large, upper-floor rooms with views of the park. The bathrooms are just this side of heaven, and I still miss the aroma of the hotel's signature scent, a combination of peppermint and eucalyptus oil. Nobu was also impressive. Loud, crowded, outrageously expensive, and the food was nothing short of a miracle. I guess you've got to take the bad with the good at the Metropolitan.	
Jan 4 2005	WATCH YOUR STEP!	Although highly touted for Nobu, the house restaurant, and the overall chic location, the Metropolitan Hotel is snob factor plus. Condesending front desk staff were helpful, but grudgingly. For high price, the room is nice, standard, clean and modernist, but our view overlooked the HVAC system of the nextdoor Hilton Park Lane. Great minibar and bathroom goodies, with bathroom storage very, very good. Big plus was the heated towel rack, good for drying out handwashables. Room service was fast and very, very competent. But, beware the bathroom door jam -- I broke my foot in 2 places hitting it and landed in the emergency all night. Not only did the hotel not do more than call the ambulance, they billed me for the full reservation! Is this typical for London luxury hotels? Attitude seems to be the standard for several of the hotel staff, as if the guest should be grateful for being allowed through the door. Not likely to stay there again for any reason.	
Jan 2 2005	poor	We have just returned from a week at the Metropolitan. The hotel is very snooty and we have never experienced such slow service before. The rooms are not worth the money at all.The hilton next door has a far better ambiance. Being residents we arranged to meet some very good freinds we met at a medical convention in miami in the hotel bar at 6:30.As the professional couple of doctors arrived - super smartly dressed. They were turned away very rudely by some jumped up security woman who made them feel like dirt.	
Dec 9 2004	I wouldn't return		
Oct 9 2004	Overall a great London hotel		
Jun 8 2004	Great!!!!		
Nov 21 2003	The Met - More than meets the eye		
Oct 4 2003	First rate style		
Sep 17 2003	Get set to be IGNORED		
May 10 2003	Its a Bet at the Met		
Jan 14 2003	felt like a queen .		
Oct 16 2002	Pretty Cool		
Oct 13 2002	Metropolitan		
Nov 13 2009 	décu		
Aug 20 2009 	Trendiges Hotel in besster Lage		
Feb 23 2009 	hotel contemporain		
Dec 24 2008 	Hôtel élégant et agréablement situé		
Oct 11 2007 	Séjour au Metropolitan Hotel à Londres		
