Nov 23 2009 	Impressive	I stayed here with a couple of colleagues for 2 nights last week as we had a business meeting close by, and we were all impressed with this hotel. There are only 5 parking spaces but we managed to bag the last one when we arrived at 5pm, so were pleased with that!This hotel is quite new and the bedrooms are above the basic that you would get in a Travelodge. The bed in my room was kingsize and really comfy and the whole room was a good size. Clean and cosy. The bathroom was also fine.Breakfast was £7.50 a head for a full English and served in the famous Anchor pub, the upper floor of which is connected to the Premier Inn. Very convenient. Breakfast was cooked to order very efficiently and we all enjoyed it. They also have a good evening menu ( no room service - you have to go to the pub) which we unfortunately did not get the opportunity to try.Location wise, this is a great place to stay and I would definitely consider it for a South Bank based city break. You are opposite Vinopolis and two minutes from Shakespeare's Globe and the Golden Hind - one of my favourite parts of London.	
Nov 11 2009 	Best kept secret in town	I spent a week there in November. I stumbled up on this hotel on the internet by chance. The staff was very friendly, very helpful. My room was huge and comfortable, especially considering London standards. The tube was only a short walk away. Very close to the Thames, the Globe Theater and the Borough Market.	
Nov 7 2009 	Geat Hotel and Location	I stayed 3 nights at this hotel. For a budget hotel my room was excellent, very clean and comfortable. The hotel is well positioned, its on the south side of the Thames River, pretty much half way between all the Westminster attractions on one side and Tower Bridge, Tower of London area on the other. It was about a 25 min walk in either direction to get to some great London attractions, and the walk was nice too, along the southern banks of the Thames, with lots of Cafes. I had no problems with noise at all, and I have to say the staff at reception were excellent, very polite and friendly. My only complaint was with one of the restaurant staff, whilst I was having breakfast, a male staff member sneezed into his hands twice then directly proceeded to place out new glasses in the juice area. I called the head waiter over and pointed this out, he immediately apologised, removed all the glasses, and took the waiter aside for a lesson in hygiene. It was handled well by the head waiter, but it did turn me off the rest of my breakfast. That was my only complaint, the hotel itself is very good, great rooms, staff, and the hotel is well positioned for many tourist attractions.	
Oct 31 2009 	Everything premiere but the price	Premier Inn never fails to disappoint me. First time in this particular one stayed in County Hall last time. Must say staff could not do enough especially Marta who was lovely after a long long day provided us with a dial-out pizza menu so we could relax in our room! Location is good although, as a family would probably prefer County Hall. Rooms are spotless and very comfortable. Breakfast as described by others was in the adjoining Anchor Pub. It was help-yourself apart from the cooked breakfast which you had to order. My husband tends to like quite a lot and it was quite embarrassing for him to have to ask for so many bacon so many sausage etc. Another point I would make is at County Hall the restaurant is so children-friendly not the case here. When we arrived after a long journey we were told it was closed and that the pub served fish and chips. After enquiring with them found out they dont do a childrens menu quite annoying really. The only other downside is, and it is with regret I mention one as it is a lovely hotel, is the noise. We had a room overlooking the courtyard and at night it quite noisey someone seemed to be slamming a door in the pub area which did get on your nerves after a while. Also in the morning the sound of crates was very annoying and quite early.However, if you can put up with that give this hotel a go it is worth a visit.	
Oct 27 2009 	THE PLACE TO STAY	Read a few reviews about other premier inns in central london and booked southwark due to the positive feedback....so glad i did because this is the place to stay!! Hotel so clean and modern and staff just lovely, especially genny on reception, who offered travel advise and even an umbrella on a damp morning. Set back from the chaos of the city yet only a few minutes tube ride from London Bridge Undergound to any of the main landmarks. Family room consisted of a huge very comfortable bed and two very comfortable matresses on the floor either side of the bed. Opted for the full breakfast in the Anchor Inn which was excellent value for money...family of four could eat as much as they wanted for £15 a day. Found this set us up for the day ahead. Very minor fault was cooked breakfast was a bit slow in coming so leave an extra 10mins or so for breakfast.	
Oct 26 2009 	Lives up to the Premier promise	This hotel does what it says on the tin. Huge and comfortable bed, everything clean and in working order. What makes it special is the friendliness of the staff. Nothing is too much trouble. We were even offered an umbrella as we went out one damp morning!If you need a quiet place to stay that's close to the sights and a myriad of restaurants, this is the place for you. They don't advertise the fact that they have a few secure parking spaces but we were lucky enough to get one on arrival, so ask if you need one. An absolute must is a visit to Borough Market which is a few steps away.Top marks!	
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel in great Location with Friendly Staff	We stayed in this hotel for two nights for a service at St Paul's Cathedral along with other sightseeing. Typical Travel Inn standard overall but our room (3rd floor) was a little small compared to the ones on the 1st two floors. Strongly recommended hotel all round with excellent selection of pubs/restaurants close by.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good clean and modern hotel in a nice location	This hotel is nicely located along the south bank of the Thames. Main entrance to hotel is funnily hidden in an internal courtyard - from the outside it's like you are entering a garage! All hotel staff were well mannered and did their best to offer a good service. Room design had a modern touch, and was kept very clean. TV, telephone and WiFi (WiFi is not free though) facilities are available in the room.Breakfast is served in the adjacent pub 'The Anchor', which offers a nice view of the River Thames. Very good breakfast served with a choice of cereals, buns and bakes, traditional porridge and of course full English breakfast!As previously stated, location is great for a walk along the southbank of the Thames towards Tower bridge or over the SouthWark or Millenium bridge to St Paul's Cathedral. I also recommend a short visit to Borough market and Southwark Cathedral, both of which can be found on the way to the nearest underground station - London Bridge, which is approx 5 minutes away form the hotel. In this regard, it may also be good to point out that you may hear some trains in the background, especially during the early morning hours when everything is very quiet.Overall, a good clean and modern hotel that is situated in a nice location.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great new year	Stayed here on new years eve 2008/09. Great room and friendly service on arrival. Enjoyed a good breakfast in the pub next door the following morning too. Pretty good base to explore areas like Covent Garden if you don't want to spend the money to stay in those places. Unfortunately, not on the same tube line, however, if you are prepared to walk over the Southwark bridge (you get some pretty good views on both sides if you do) you can pick up the tube on the other side down to Somerset House. Would recommend if you want to stay south of the river.	
Sep 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My husband, 10 year old son and i stayed for 3 nights in August. We chose it on the strength of reviews on here!It lived up to its reputation.Super location. The South bank and all its attraction's was two seconds away from the hotel.The tube was five minutes walk.The check in was quick and easy. Also very friendly for London.Room was super. We did ask to change after the first night as my son found the sofa bed very uncomfortable.This was done with no fuss at all.The room was clean, quiet and more than adequate.We did have breakfast each morning. It was lovely. Set us all up for the day.The staff in the breakfast room, were all so kind and friendly.On checking out, leaving our luggage was so easy.We had such a good break and cant wait to stay again.	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Location	Hotel was usual Premier Inn formula of no frills, clean, modern accommodation. Our room (302) was on the small side but the bed was large and comfortable and the bathroom had a good shower and a bath to soak those weary feet! We did experience some street noise from passing revellers but nothing too disturbing. Didn't have the breakfast so can't comment on that instead we chose to use the many cafes in the area where we could eat alfresco. What makes this hotel great is definitely the location, it was lovely in the evening to wander down the river path and eat at one of the many restaurants most of which have lovely outside eating areas overlooking the Thames. During the day it was easy to walk across the bridges to other areas eg St Pauls, St Katherines Dock and up to the West End (took about 30 minutes to walk). After the theatre we returned via tube with no problems (only have to change once so no big issue). This is a lovely area of London and we will definitely stay here again on our next visit.	
Sep 2 2009 	Relaxing weekend break	We have just returned from a weekend break with young children. The hotel was clean and modern. Very well situated near the tube, and on the South Bank so you can walk along to the London Eye approx 20 min walk and enjoy the sites along the Thames on the way. The area is full of bars and restaurants, very trendy area, and is nice just to sit out by the Thames and take in the atmosphere. Breakfast was fantastic, full english, cereals, porridge, fruit and pastries-the kids eat free and we were amazed when they were given an adult size fry up! Would definitely recommend and would stay here again. Excellent value for money.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great value and location	We enjoyed our stay here. We really liked the feel of the area, and were able to walk to attractions like the Globe Theater and Tower of London. The room was clean, comfortable, and a nice size. The nights were quiet and the A/C worked well. It was a very good value. I would recommend not using the computers in the lobby, though, as they are very slow and not free.	
Aug 31 2009 	great location	from the moment we arrived the girls on reception were fantastic with my little boy,great location 5 min walk to london bridge tube or monument tube station, breakfast was great plenty of choice we were here for the rugby and it was a direct link to wembley from london bridge which was great.Bourough market is a must seedefo stay again when we come for the football, a big thank you to all staff.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good family hotel noisy location	Great family hotel, they catter for families, good internet (not free). Wonderful location, close to everything, restaurants, museums, transportation, attractions, etc. Great service from staff! the only problem is that was very noisy due that the hotel has the entrance and the service area of the hotel in the same location and some of the rooms are located right next door to the service area, so in the morning when they are unloading and loading the noise level was very high, at night the employees used to comeout for theire break and make noise and smoke. The rooms were very hot also. But in all, I will recommend this hotel.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great place for families-- convenience with character!	We had a great time, and felt this was an excellent value for the money. The neighborhood is great--- the kids were mesmerized by the cobbled streets, the beautiful cathedral, and the big ship just around the corner. 5 minute walk to London Bridge Tube Station, and we realized (too late) you could walk across the footbridge to St. Paul's. If travelling with kids, the Pizza Express is less than 2 minutes walk and has a great fixed menu for kids--- veggies, dough balls, pizza or pasta, dessert and a cappacino without coffee.The rooms were spacious and comfortable. The staff exceptionally friendly and helpful. We'd definately stay again.	
Jul 29 2009	Great Hotel Experience	This hotel is truly excellent value for money. It is perfectly located for all the London sights in an historic, character-filled part of the city which we loved coming back to every night. The staff are welcoming, friendly and helpful and the rooms clean, modern and well maintained and serviced.London Bridge underground station is only a 5 minute walk away. Breakfast is in the Anchor attached to the hotel - also great value for money and Waggamamma and a flagship Nandos right across the road. It is in the heart of the Borough market region and the clink museum and Golden Hind are a minute away.We will happily recommend this hotel to our fellow travellers.	
Jul 23 2009 	exactly what we needed	The hotel was great, clean rooms very nice breakfast.Very welcoming staff.2 good resturants 10 steps from the hotel Wagamama andNandos perfect for kids.The undergrond 5 min walk from the hotel.The only problem was very narrow window opening that left the room a bit stuffy.	
Jul 11 2009 	Usual Premier Inn Standard	As with all Premier Inns I have stayed at this one was clean, functional, comfortable and good value for money considering its location.The reception staff were all very friendly and helpful, and always had a smile on their faces. The hotel is behind, and actually linked to, 'The Anchor Pub and Restaurant' - a nice traditional pub by the Thames that seemed very popular and got very busy. We ate there in the restaurat upstairs on the first night of our stay and enjoyed it.The only problem we had was that we were on the ground floor and our bedroom window looked out onto the courtyard outside reception - this seemed to be where everyone went to smoke, and we could clearly hear people milling about outside well into the night. Also the entrance itself (not the reception area but the entrance from the street into the courtyard) was a little odd and unwelcoming. Other than that the hotel is excellently located and surrounded by good places to eat and drink.	
Jul 3 2009 	Excellent location very quiet	Despite being very close the the Thames and adjacent to all sorts of bars, restaurant and trains, this hotel is in a very quiet location. There are plenty of eateries close by and its only a 5 minute walk across to the City.Room was roomy and comfortable and most importantly - peaceful.It has a pub next door with reasonably priced food if you can't be bothered to go out in the evening. I personally would'nt bother with breakfast as there aree all sorts of places nearby where you can grab a coffee an a bagel or even a good fry-up.	
Jun 29 2009 	Great base for sightseeing - shame about the heat	I stayed at the hotel for a single night with my family.First, the only downside: the room was uncomfortably hot.No air-conditioning and a very narrow window opening due to a security latch. My stay was at the end of June and we had some hot and humid weather.In more temperate conditions I would have nothing negative to say about staying there.The hotel has the usual Premier Inn attributes: family rooms available; clean; decent fixtures and fittings. In addition, it is linked to a charming boozer / restaurant - the Anchor. Even better, the receptionist was very friendly and also stored our bags in a locked room while we fitted in some sightseeing after our check-out. A very minor additional plus for having digital TV channels available.Sightseeting tip: take the short walk to the bankside pier (turn left at the Thames) - for the Circular Cruise boat to Westminster if you want a go on the London Eye. This adds 45 minutes of entertaining sightseeing before you spin slowly around the hugely pointlessly ferris wheel that your kids have been harping on about.	
Jun 22 2009 	Superb budget hotel in great location	This is the best budget hotel I have ever stayed in. It's practically on the River Thames, with a beautiful view of the river and St Pauls Cathedral from the adjoining pub, which serves breakfast and other meals if you want them. The rooms were spotless, nicely decorated and a decent size. The beds were comfortable, but with quite firm mattresses. The bathroom was contemporary, with high quality fixtures and fittings. The staff were overly solicitous, friendly and really seemed to enjoy their jobs. Despite a busy location, it was very quiet at night. The breakfast was outstanding - granola, pomegranate juice and green tea among the traditional offerings. An attempt at nutrition unheard of in a budget hotel. Highly recommended.	
Jun 18 2009 	Always happy in a Premier Inn and this is no exception...	So, it's a premier Inn and it's what you'd expect - clean, large room with all the necessary functional items in good condition. It has baths, which some of them don't, but overall it's the same product. The staff here are particularly good, and the attached restaurant is very well managed despite being extremely busy (because of it's great location?).I've stayed here a number of times and it's my place of choice when I'm in town on business . It's right near the tube, has fantastic views and local sights - not many other budget hotels where you can have breakfast overlooking the Thames.It's a shame that Premier Inn doesn't have a loyalty scheme as that would make them on a par with Holiday Inn Express or Accor, which I guess are the closest comparable chains.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great hotel ..	Stayed for 3 days when back in the UK visiting friends.Hotel was clean, rooms a decent size, location excellent (Right by Borough Market .. all that lovely food!) staff really helpful.The Anchor pub ext door was also fantastic. Good value food, great atmosphere and its always lovely to sit by the river. You really 'feel' that you are in London, with the arches and cobbled streets.The only minus point was that the rooms a quite warm (but there are thoughtful enough to put a fan in your room)Overall a great stay. Book early though!	
May 19 2009 	Great hotel	Had a pleasant one night stay in this hotel ideally placed for central London sightseeing. 5 mins walk to London Bridge tube station, so great location. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Room was clean and comfortable. Shower gel and liquid soap provided. Breakfast was very good indeed. Wagamama restaurant opposite hotel is very nice. The hotel also took care of our bags on the day of our departure until we were travelling home (for free too!), which was a big added bonus, as leaving them at Kings Cross would have cost and arm and a leg and been much extra hassle. Would say the only little niggle was noise, from other guests in the corridors, (which obviously is sometimes to be expected in a hotel) and from outside - the glass bins at the pub nextdoor are emptied very early in a morning, and this is very noisy. The staff at the hotel said they had tried to get this resolved but to no avail.	
Apr 27 2009	Great value for London Hotel.	I stumbled across the Premier Inn Southwark London purely by accident and was pleased with my choice. The hotel is in a relatively quiet area of London on the south side of the Thames - however, within walking distance (1- 1.5mile +/-) of many sights such as Westminster Abbey, the Tower of London, the London Eye, Shakespear Globe theater, etc - and directly across from Vinopolis (for your wine fans out there!). I prefer a basic hotel since I tend to not spend much time in the room other than to sleep and shower, but do not like to sacrifice the basics such as cleanliness and comfort. The only con would be that the Anchor Pub next door could be open a little later (it appeared to be open late for drinks but appears to stop serving food around 830PM or so) or have more clearly posted hours of operation.	
Apr 18 2009 	Good to be back for another stay	Have just stayed at this hotel again. Last time was not so good as the room was so small but Management responded positively to my comments. Once again the staff cannot be faulted. They are friendly, welcoming and always looking out to help. When we arrived back late from a concert and all the restaurants were closed, the night duty staff offered to order us a pizza. This arrived promptly and was most welcome. The room was large and comfortable. We had several meals at the Founders Arms near Tate Modern. Spectacular views of the Thames, St Paul's etc. Fantastic staff and excellent food. The pub also has a separate area where coffee, tea etc and cakes, ice cream are served. A very good idea.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great choice!!!	We booked this hotel for 6 nights via internet, based on good reviews and recommendations, which turned out to be more than correct. The hotel is a wonderful choice, great location, very modern and very clean rooms and an outstanding service from the entire staff. We came with no too many expectations, knowing that the moderate budget hotels in London are usually not a nice experience, but ...what a nice surprise we had! Warmly recommended.	
Mar 7 2009 	Loved every minute of our stay	We chose this hotel based purely on the reviews that we read on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed! Location! Location! Fantastic! Walking distance or easy access via the underground to all the sights! We booked the room on the Premier Inn website and everything was exactly as was promised! The room was clean and airconditioned. We had a great 7 day stay and we could not fault the service, very friendly and helpful. We arrived early and the staff locked our 3 huge suitcases in a safe room while we enjoyed the sights. I travelled with my 2 teenage daughters and we felt completely safe. If we are ever in London again we would not hesitate to stay here again. Very happy Australian tourists.	
Mar 1 2009 	best location and really cheap for central London	I stayed here with boyfriend and 2 kids, double room with sofa beds. Room was a good size, flat screen TV, en-suite, everything you need really. No shower gel or anythin like that so buy a travel pack if you stay here. Location is amazing, 5 mins from Waterloo station, 30 seconds from Southwark which is on the jubilee line, perfect for getting everywhere in London. Short walk to London bridge, London eye and around the corner from Tate modern. This is a basic hotel but for the price and location it's perfect for ashort stay. Breakfast is an additional charge and isn't the best but Pret A Manger is very close and its lovely and great value. Highly recommend this hotel, although not fancy its clean and spacious, walls a bit thin though :(	
Feb 19 2009 	Fantastic location friendly staff good price	Stayed here on business and really pleased with it. It's 5 mins walk from London Bridge station/tube and minutes from Southbank and Borough market. Nice pubs and food places nearby. Very friendly staff and comfortable room. Nice breakfast and good pub next door for dinner.Only criticism is that my room was slightly gloomy, even with all the lights on, although most people probably wouldn't mind this.Overall, great value for money and really good location mean I'll definitely stay here again.	
Jan 25 2009 	Disappointing	I travel to London every year with my young daughter for the theatre. We usually stay at Premier Inn County Hall but they were fully booked so we tried Southwark instead. I was looking forward to it and the location was excellent on the Bankside. The room was not to the usual standard and although basic the condition of the bedding was worn (but clean) and the bathroom was shabby in comparison to other Premier Inn's we've stayed in.  My main problem with the hotel was it was not very child friendly. My daughter was six at the time of our stay and we wished to eat in the restaurant however we were informed that it was closed and that we had to go into the adjacent anchor pub and we had order our food across the bar. I took one look in and the bar was heaving. When I explained the unsuitability of this to reception I was told there are lots of restaurants nearby. Thankfully my daughter is used to eating out and we found a Greek restaurant nearby but at much higher price than the hotel - also walking back to the hotel in the dark at approx 10pm was a little unnerving much safer to step back into the lift in the safety of your own hotel.  Whilst we were there another family were in reception complaining about the same thing - this was even worse for them as one of their children was in a wheelchair - they too opted for eating out of the hotel. I could not understand the problem as at breakfast time hotel guests had their separate eating area. Overall this is a great hotel for couples or families with older children definitely not the place for families with small children or like us single parent families. The next year we went back to County Hall and we are planning to go back again this year. Even though it is more expensive we feel it's much safer and more convenient.	
Dec 28 2008 	First Class for a Premier Inn	On business with a group from work we selected this hotel for its proximity to London Bridge Station, the Jubilee Line on the underground and easy access to other parts of London.Located down old London cobble streets and on the south bank of the River Thames, in the historic area where the old Clink Prison once was, we rated the location as good. The hotel is a short 10 minute stroll to London Bridge mainline and underground stations. A pleasant walk along the river will take you to various points of interest. The hotel also has the Anchor pub attached which we found a great place to stop after work for a drink or a bite to eat. Across the road was a Wagamama restaurant. There is also a Starbucks close by for those who need a Latte fix of a morning.We did not see Darius the General Manager during our stay but Darius had been very helpful in setting up the stay for our group in advance. Darius’s team did however a wonderful job and from the front desk staff, the night porters, the chambermaids to the morning servers in the breakfast room – all were cheerful, welcoming and would be attentive during our stay to our requests. Five star mark for the staff!Rooms were larger than I expected and were furnished to a good standard for what is actually a budget style Premier Inn hotel. Despite its location we all found the hotel rooms quiet with bedrooms overlooking a courtyard. Could not fault the Housekeeping team as the room was always cleaned to a high standards each day. To be honest the rooms had everything you needed for a short stay in London and my request for an iron and ironing board was quickly met.Breakfast (taken in the Anchor Pub) was excellent and well worth the additional £7.50 paid at time of booking. Our group was very impressed by this Premier Inn. Its staff, the rooms, service, location and even the breakfast earn this small Premier Inn hotel much credit. We would certainly stay again and recommend to others. Have however noticed that they have hiked the rate up to £151 per night for the same dates in 2009 which is probably pushing it outside of the cost I would expect for Premier Inn value – shame!	
Dec 23 2008 	A great stay	Stayed for a few days just before Christmas. As far as I am concerned, a very good hotel, with a quality towards the top end of the 'Travel Inn' brand. Great location, surrounded by atmospheric quaint streets yet only 5 mins walk from London Bridge station. The whole area has a buzz and seems somewhere that is up and coming. Borough market is not to be missed!!! Hotel is relatively standard Travel Inn fare, but somehow compared to some others it seems extremely well presented. Has more character than most and I like the way it is set as a courtyard. I tossed up between this and County Hall Travel Inn. Having walked past that and had a look I'm certain I made the right choice!The walk along the South Bank to Westminster is great. Try it during the day or better still at night when all is lit up. Other than that, to get to the centre of things, cross the Millenium Bridge from Tate Modern and get frequent buses from St Pauls to Covent Garden etc or use the Jubilee line from London Bridge (4 stops) to Green Park.Yes I would stay here again, and I think what clinches it is the neighbourhood which seems like authentic old London and one where visitors can experience something of London life as it is lived!	
Oct 31 2008 	Really nice Location	We stayed at the Premier Inn, Southwark from last Saturday until this Tuesday. The first thing that we were impressed with was the hotel manager, Darius, ringing us at home the day before to check that everything was OK and if we needed any assistance, very helpful.On our arrival we were made welcome by the girl in reception and we continued to be impressed by absolutely all of the staff that we came into contact with throughout our short 3 night/4 day stay.The hotel is small, around 50 rooms I think, and in first class order throughout, unlike a lot of hotels there is a marked absence of chips &amp; scraps to the public areas. Our room was on the 2nd floor with a bay window looking out over a small inner courtyard. We travelled with our 14 year old son and hence had a family room. The room was reasonable in size, very clean, flat screen tv, coffee making, hair-dryer, armchair, plenty of hanging and shelf space. Our son's bed was comfortable enough but basic in that it was a thick mattress set onto the floor, it slides out from the main king size bed. The bathroom was spotless and a credit to the staff who clean the rooms daily.There is some work going on at the ajoining building (The Anchor Pub) but we were not inconvenienced in any way - work seems to start at around 7.30am, but as our trip was designed to see the sights of London together with theatre trips we were up-and-about anyway.Breakfast is taken in the Anchor pub, with corridor access from the Premier Inn via keypad. Breakfasts were extensive in choice and the 2 girls (and male i/c) worked very hard to ensure that all of the guests were suitably looked-after. The end 2 tables, which seat 2 and 3 people, have fabulous views of the River Thames, Southwark Bridge and over the river to St Paul's Cathedral etc.Trips to the West End and Oxford Street are easy, but not especially quick. We either used London Bridge underground (10 to 15 minutes walk away) or down the river embankment to the Millennium Footbridge (which is close by) and across to the St Paul's area where buses are very frequent to Trafalgar Square and beyond (numbers 15 and 23).South of the river, you can walk down past the Millennium Footbridge to the London Eye and Houses of Parliament (around a mile away), or into Lambeth for the Imperial War Museum (which was simply brilliant AND free of charge). The Tower of London is only around 15 minutes walk away and closer than that is the popular London Dungeon. We visited a Churchill experience in Tooley Street but it was poor value for money at around £10 per adult. The Clink Prison is over the road from the Premier Inn, and for a fiver it's about right and worth a half hour look. Southwark Cathedral and the local Borough Market are close by but we didn't have time to go.The hotel closes its large gates at 11pm each night, but this is no problem as there is an intercom attached to the security person on duty.Overall, an excellent well-run small hotel offering, for London, outstanding value for money.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great budget hotel	Have just returned from 4 nights at Premier Inn Southwark and was highly impressed with this hotel considering the price.The hotel is in a brilliant location and the rooms are very clean and modern. The beds were a good size. Breakfast is served in the adjoining Anchor pub. A couple of the mornings we had to wait some time for a table and the staff seemed rather hassled but were still pleasant and helpful. Again breakfast was very good value. £15 for myself, husband and 3 sons. The Anchor is a lovely old pub and we were able to eat breakfast looking over the Thames in sight of St Pauls.The only drawback is that the hotel is not so convenient for the Westend, Covent Garden at nighttime - there is not a direct underground link. A taxi cost us £18 from Covent Garden.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great Location and Value	The Motel is in a great location - a five minute walk from Tower Bridge Trube Station and a 15 minute walk to St Paul's. The motel is fairly new and out the room was neat , clean and well maintained. It is attached to the Anchor Pub which was reall hand for meals after a busy day sightseeing. Considering the location it is reaonably priced. The hotel staff were friendly, efficient and very helpful.	
Jul 25 2008 	Best Vakue Great Location	This has one of the best London locations for the price. Important tip is that the price was 97 pounds Fri - Sun nights and jumped to 145 pounds Monday to Thurs nights.The Globe theatre is very close and is a must do. At 5 pounds in the pits (standing only, heckling allowed, and drinks) it is an experience you will never forget.	
Jul 22 2008 	Premier Inn - 1st Class - As ever	Great value and the rooms are a decent size and immaculate.This hotel is in an excellent base for exploring London.A short walk from London Bridge Tube and Tate Modern.Make sure you get to the local Borough Market, fantastic fruit, veg, seafood, cheese etc.. etc.. etc..1 thing to watch - the local taxi drivers are a bit confused about the location of this hotel, so it is usually easier to walk.other than that it was a very good.	
Jul 6 2008 	Nice hotel good value great location...couple of things to know though.	Pros: Great location, reasonable price, friendly and helpful staff, clean roomsCons: noise, too warmOverall I enjoyed the time my family and I spent there. It is convenient to most everything in South London. You are literally right on the Thames path and less than 10 minutes to the Tate Modern, the Globe and other attractions such as the Dungeons, Clink Prison and Tower Bridge. The room was great except there was no way to keep it cool and comfortable. A fan was provided which made it tolerable, but that was surprising with 68 degree F weather outside. There was a heating/air conditioning unit, but the air conditioning part of it didn't work. The main thing was there was no way to get a breeze into the room by design of the hotel. The staff, especially &quot;Billie&quot; were very helpful and kind.Be prepared both at night and in the morning for the sound of hundreds of beer and wine bottles being dumped by the neighboring Anchor Restaurant/Pub. It can wake you a little startled. Still, if we come back and want to stay close to so many other attractions of South London, I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Jun 15 2008 	Great location great price!	Bankside is a buzzy part of London, popular with locals for the great bars, cafes and restaurants and popular with tourists because of the Tate Modern, Globe Theatre, London Dungeon, Clink Museum, Southwark Cathedral and of course Borough Market nearby! As I wanted to visit Borough Market and Tate Modern on this trip, I picked the hotel nearest to all the action and this one is literally 1 minute away from Borough Market and 5 minutes walk along the Thames Path to Tate Modern! At £99 this hotel has to be one of the best priced in the city, but I wasn't expecting that much- in fact I got a giant very comfy bed, spotlessly clean bathroom with decent shower and it was really really quiet! I had a top floor room and so got a great view as well! All the staff were really friendly and helpful as well. The hotel is attached to the Anchor pub and restaurant but it was closed for refurbishment so the hotel was giving away free breakfast boxes containing cereal and juice which I thought was a hospitable touch considering breakfast isn't included in the price anyway! My only niggles were that the internet access was expensive at £3 for 30 minutes- the Starbucks round the corner has free wifi but I didn't bring my laptop! Also the room was quite warm and there wasn't a proper AC unit. Opposite the hotel are a Wagamama's and a Nandos but 5 minutes walk along Park Street in the opposite direction brings you to the Blue Fin Building and amongst others, Leon which is a London based mini chain that do healthy fast food in the day and a great range of tapas, mezze and delicious hearty healthy meals in the evenings, which are very reasonably priced. Try the Moroccon meatballs and chocolate brownies- delicious! All in all it was a great stay and next time in London I'm definitely going back the next time I'm in town!	
Jun 3 2008 	Good Location But a Few Things to Keep in Mind	We stayed at the Premier Inn London Southwark at the end of a London-Amsterdam vacation. Having been to London before, we thought the location on the Thames was an ideal way to end our holiday. We love the South Bank and the Queen's Walk, and that the hotel is 2 minutes from fabulous Borough Market.There are a few things to keep in mind about this hotel. It is a 10 minute walk from the London Bridge tube stop, and if you have heavy luggage, you will be pulling it along cobblestone road which can be difficult for those who are older or youngsters. The Anchor Inn pub which serves the hotel's breakfast is undergoing renovation until June 15th (although it may take longer). Consequently, the hotel will not offer breakfast or dinner until the work is completed. (We ate at a cute place next to the Clink Prison Museum.) For those traveling with family/friends, the telephones cannot call from room to room. This may seem like a trivial point, but if you book multiple rooms, it may be bothersome. Finally, I will stress that the hotel does not have air-conditioning. They have ventilators in each room to slightly cool and move the air, and for safety reasons, all windows only open about 2 inches. They do offer electric fans for the rooms, but even with those, we felt uncomfortable.	
Jun 1 2008 	A great find	We spent 6 nights here in April 2008. We were in London to go to a wedding in Greenwich and to visit with other relatives there. This location was ideal. We did not expect much. However, this hotel was way better than any other small hotel we have stayed at in London. The room we had was quite large and comfortable. The hotel staff were all consistently friendly and helpful. It was wonderfully quiet for a hotel in the centre of a large city. And it was close to the Underground. The south bank is a very interesting and vibrant part of the city. From the hotel you can walk for miles along the river bank in both directions.  The hotel is attached to the historic Anchor Inn where you can have a good pub meal at lunch or in the evening. Breakfast for guests is served in a part of the pub overlooking the river, so that you can watch the river traffic and see St. Paul's cathedral while having your eggs and coffee. There are many pubs and restaurants close by, plus the huge Borough Market. There is a big wine exhibit (Vinopolis) across the street. It is five minutes walk to the Tate Modern and only two minutes to the famous Globe Theatre.	
May 27 2008 	Fantastic location	This hotel was great- knowing the brand and setting our expectations accordingly-i.e. this is not luxury but for a brief family trip to the capital-this was ideal.The best aspect is definitely the location- perhaps a little difficult to locate - but worth the effort.As described - the hotel is about 50 metres from the Thames- with Nandos opposite &amp;a Japanese chain next door. We ate in both and were impressed with the internal decor- as both are built into the bridge arches- food fine too with a nice atmosphere.The walk to the tube also takes you past Cafe nero/Starbucks &amp; a couple of other interesting eateries.The Anchor pub is closed for refurb until 16th Jun where breakfast is served- hence the hotel provided complimentary breakfast cereal/juice in a box- unexpected as breakfast is not included in the price. We breakfast ate on the Borough High Street- fine &amp; reasonably priced.Staff on reception and very welcoming &amp; I called ahead to enquire about parking- the guy was very helpful &amp; we were lucky enough to get a parking space (£15 per day) as it is first come first served on the 5 spaces available.The one downside was the lack of air con- I was fine but my husband and daughter (even using the portable unit in the room)still felt uncomfortable.After many trips to London - I felt this hotel exactly matched our needs and will use it again without question.	
May 27 2008 	reasonably priced hotel in a great location	We stayed at this hotel for a bank holiday weekend at the end of may 08. We found it to be a great base for the market and attractions nearby. The hotel was clean and the staff friendly. Although we did find the rooms to be far too hot!! All in all a good, reasonably priced hotel in a great location. Would stay again if in London!	
Apr 5 2008 	Family Perfection	After searching for so-called London &quot;deals&quot;, I decided to look at popular hotel chains. Looked at the Premier Inn website and found a good price, then I checked out the reviews on Tripadvisor and found that it was highly rated. For a family, this hotel is PERFECT. Huge 6ft double bed with 2 small children's beds and an en-suite. Go for the £7.50 buffet breakfast option and kids aged 15 and under are free. We didn't need to find food until teatime. A meal in The Anchor next door was reasonably priced and we found the service to be excellent, though we did eat and leave before 7pm. Use the buses - the RV1 is just around the corner and will take you between Covent Garden and The Tower. Connections to other areas are easy to find as well. The staff at the Premier Inn are very helpful - on the last day, get them to store your luggage (free) and enjoy your last day.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Location - "London Affordable"	A nice find! Clean modern hotel, 5 minutes walk to the tube, family rooms with en-suite bathroom, all at a price that is affordable (for central London). Our family of 2 adults and 2 teenage children spent a week at this hotel, and would recommend it to either couples or families. One warning for those used to American accommodations, the children's &quot;beds&quot; were mattresses on the floor. That was the only negative. The room was clean, and the shower excellent. The front desk staff was VERY helpful with anything we needed, including finding a doctor that would see my son on Easter Sunday!The location is great - right on the river. We were there in early spring when the weather was still cold but the pubs and restaurants all had a nice crowd - I'm sure it is really nice in the summer months. There are not a lot of hotels in the immediate area, so it has a more neighborhood type feel with a good mix of tourists, locals and business people. A great place to end the day and feel like you were coming home to your neighborhood after a day at all the sights.	
Mar 29 2008	Good quiet hotel	This hotel lived up to my expectations. It is a no-frills budget hotel, but with very clean and modern bedrooms and bathrooms. We had a family room, and it was of a decent size as long as the kids' beds were not out. Kids' beds were two thick mattresses rolled out from underneath the big bed, and once these were out, there was not much floor space left in the room. The main bed was very large, comfortable if a bit hard, and duvets, pillows and sheets were of high quality. The kids' beds were a bit short and springs could be felt, so they were not very comfortable for bigger kids but ok for shorter/lighter kids. The bathroom was tiled and modern, had a bathtub with a shower, and water pressure and temperature was fine. There was not much space for toiletries beside the sink. Only soap and combined shower gel/shampoo is provided, so bring your own toiletries. Hairdryer is provided.I was concerned about potential noise, since the Cannon St railway bridge passes just outside the hotel. However, the hotel was VERY quiet. Our room was on the second floor, facing the courtyard, and there was no noise at all. We all slept very well. Staff was overall service-minded and nice, with a couple of persons deviating upwards or downwards. How you rate the location depends on what you want from London. The hotel is on the Thames, which I liked, because it gave me a real &quot;London-feeling&quot;. The walk along the Southbank is nice, and it is close to several different attractions, such as Tate Modern, Shakespeares Globe, Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast , Golden Hinde, Southwark cathedral, Borough Market and St Pauls (walk over Millenium Bridge). However, if you like the big-city buzz and a large choice of eateries and restaurants, the location is not perfect. The area is very quiet at night, and even though we travelled with kids we found ourselves going up to Leicester Square and Covent Garden quite often to get some action and a better choice of eateries.The hotel is five minutes from the underground (London Bridge) - if you walk the right way. Be careful to first take the exit towards Borough High St, and when coming up the stairs,exit to Borough High St West. You now have Stoney St directly on your right (the street where Harry Potter went on the night bus!). Follow Stoney St to Clink Street, where you turn left. Walk 100 metres (past the Clink prison museum) and ta-da: You are there! The streets are cobbled, so not very convenient with suitcases. The London Bridge underground station is served by Jubilee and Northern lines. An alternative to underground is the RV1 bus, which stops at Borough High St around 50 m south from the underground exit. It goes from the Tower of London to Covent Garden, passing London Eye.There are some restaurants in the area, but few exciting options or good lunch deals. Just opposite the hotel are Nando's (chicken) and Wagamama (asian), with mains starting at 7-8 pounds. A short walk along the Thames to the west is Eat, which is a London chain selling very good sandwiches, soup etc. Breakfast at the hotel is very good value for money: Continental part: Coffee/tea, good fruit salad with fresh fruit, yoghurt, milk, cerals, toast, croissants, jams, juices etc. Cooked part: Porridge, good bacon, eggs in various shapes, beans, mushrooms, tomatoes, sausages (including vegetarian). Continental part is buffé, the cooked part is ordered. Quality of the food was fine, but one day we had to wait very long for the cooked part. Kids up to 16 eat for free (max two kids per adult), so if you have hungry kids, this is a good option. Internet is available in the reception area on two computers. It is expensive (3 pounds/30 minutes) and your surfing is surrounded by ads from various companies on the screen. Not very nice.	
Mar 19 2008	Great location at a good price	Just returned from a weekend in this hotel.Great Hotel,friendly staff,clean rooms and a world class location as others have said. Between the Tate Modern,The Globe and Borough Market and next to the Anchor,what more could you ask FOR £98 in London?	
Feb 23 2008 	Best Budget Accomodation in London	Just come back from a stay at this hotel.We usually try and get in at the County Hall Premier Inn, but it was full so saw this as an option. Glad we did.This has now replaced the County Hall PI as our fave place to stay in London.Great location (Borough Market!, Tate Modern, St Pauls and the Bankside Boat Pier)Would not hesitate in reccomending this to anyone	
Dec 19 2007	Top location and very reasonable price - definitely recommended	This is a better than usual Premier Inn (if you know the brand). It's located right next to the river, but the view from our room was into the inner courtyard. The room was typical for this chain, although it needed to be manually heated using a fairly noisy fan heater - so it did get rather cold at night when it had to be switched off. Breakfast and dinner can be taken in the adjoining Anchor pub, which is nicely &quot;olde world&quot; and overlooks the river.The breakfast was brilliant value for money at GBP 7.50 for a full English breakfast and buffet. Make sure you go for this option! The fish and chips on the dinner menu is also excellent and cheap. For beer drinking, I would recommend the nearby &quot;The Old Thameside Inn&quot; next to the Golden Hinde reproduction galleon. The receptionists are very friendly and you can leave your luggage in return for a luggage ticket. You can order newspapers, but these are left at reception and not brought to the room. In my case the room cost GBP 120 for the Saturday night and GBP 95 for the Sunday night excl. breakfast.	
Dec 8 2007 	Really nice hotel	Lovely clean room in quiet courtyard location. Friendly staff in reception, bar and restaurant. Loved breakfast sitting in window looking over the Thames to St Paul's. Good evening meal in restaurant (but if you walk through from hotel note that you have to go to bar to order food... no-one tells you this!), with enormous portions (starter would have been enough).Good location close to lovely Thameside walk. Convenient for Tate Modern, and Globe. Good pubs and restaurants nearby.Still new so taxi drivers don't know location. Tell them to go to Vinopolis (opposite).	
Nov 6 2007 	Good Accommodation	Typical Premier Inn. Good accommodation in central London at &quot;reasonable&quot; price for this part of the world.Room tidy and clean, nice shower / bath and managed to secure some car parking (extra charge).If you know this brand, I would say this hotel rates in the upper half of the range (stayed in some that are not so good).Would recommend.	
Oct 30 2007 	Excellent-Super-Great Hotel !	We've spent 2 nights at the Premier Travel Inn, Southwark in January. If you're hesitating about the choice of a place to stay, this is the best deal. The price is very interesting as it is in London, very close to the station and undergrounds, but without ANY noise at night !! (We've slept like babies)The staff is really pleasant. We 've found the room PERFECT, very nice and beautiful, modern, cosy, fresh (not those old style flowered or stuff) moreover for London, which is known for the tiny rooms and our was great for our suitcases and both of us. Very clean, also for the nice bathroom, with all comfort. We've asked for a room in the third floor, to be sure we won't have any noise, and it was as we asked. We were very sad to leave, would stay more days next time.Definitly go back to this charming hotel next time in London !!	
Sep 11 2007 	Great Location. Helpfull Staff. Comfortable Rooms	We booked this hotel for 4 of our friends visiting from Florida, we were worried as usually London is such a rip off and hotels can be very overpriced. What a great surprise to be told there stay was a great sucess. The rooms were clean, the staff could not do enough for them and they loved the location. I would definatley reccomed this hotel for anyone staying in London that does not want to pay top dollar and is happy to stay in a basic hotel room.	
Aug 31 2007 	Lovely hotel lovely surroundings	Ive recently come back from a weekend in Paris Euro disney, wanted to be close to London Waterloo station for an early departure on the Eurostar. Hotel was just one mile away from station, we stayed for one night, was very impressed with the hotel, rooms were lovely very clean,quiet, lovely comfortable bed. Location was brilliant, some nice pubs to choose from, Starbucks, a walks away from Shakespeares globe. Staff were very helpful. Had breakfast and evening meal in Anchor pub, very nice food. Overall an excellant stay, will be going back for a short weekend break vey soon, very impressed.	
Jul 10 2007 	Good location and price (and info about near by stuff)	Cost: seemed reasonable for how expensive London is.Location: very nice location across from Vinopolis and shortwalk to Globe theatre. 5 minute walk to London Bridge tube stop.(a little painful dragging luggage)Bed: The bed was nice and big and soft.Food: can pay extra for breakfast but enough places like Starbucksnearby that give you more variety for cost. Internet at hotel: Didn't have laptop there so couldn't speak to that. They have2 PCs you can use, but cost was something crazy. (3 pounds / half hour?)Things to do near by:Globe - we enjoyed the small tour of the theatre (only available in morning).Kind of wish we tried to get groundling tickets (but you do stand during theentire play)Vinopolis - either had a special event or was always reserved. If you reallywant to do it, you'll have to figure out which day and reserve ahead of time.Clink Museum - silly little museum of prisons. Only worth it if you want totake silly pictures with prison props to send to your nephews.Millenium Bridge - 5-10 minute walk to it. Cross it to easily get to St Paul'sCathedral. Go up all the stairs of St Paul's. Very cool and scary.Southwark Cathedral - Person at gift shop was unfriendly. We got there prettylate (thought it closed at 5pm, not 4:30) and said all audio tours were broken.Glanced around but it wasn't anything special.Near by Food options we tried:Nandos - Chicken place next door. It was okay but nothing special.Wagamama's - very good Japanese food. Highly recommend (chain you can findall over London)Souvlaki - We loved the hummus and the red pepper stuff. The hot lamb dish appetizer was not very good. Service kind of laid-back. Only had wine and appetizers.Eat - Can get cheap breakfast sandwich here. We didn't try anything fancybut some of the take away lunch wraps looked good.Other: If you are going to Gatwick, find a way to use tube to get there. Costwas 66 pounds for the 4 of us to get there and a good 45 minutes through streetsof London (no highways to get there directly from hotel area)	
Jun 11 2007 	value for money	we stayed there for 4 nights end of May. The hotel is near the Thames. Room was clean, silent and very spacious for London Southwark. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We took breakfast in the Anchor pub next to the hotel which was excellent. Go for the Anchor for beer but not for meals, there is much better pub food in London. We recommend the hotel.	
May 2 2007 	Not a tourist rip off	We are a family of two adults and two children aged 8 and 6 and we stayed in London for three nights in August 2006. Having been to London a number of times before as a double income no kids couple, this time we needed reasonably priced but very clean and comfortable accomodation. An English relative who travels regularly to London on business tipped us off about the Premier Travel Inn chain of hotels. We found the Southwark hotel very reasonably priced, very comfortable, some rooms (including ours on request) were airconditioned and the location was extremely easy to travel around and visit the sights from. Southwark itself has been cleaned up and updated in the last few years and althought the streets and pubs near the hotel were very busy, it was with locals not tourists which made a pleasant change. The staff were really helpful, the room easily accomodated four people and was very clean. The only drawbacks were no inhouse, do it yourself laundry and that a smell of cigarettes occasionally made its way through the ventilation shafts.	
Apr 11 2007 	great value for london	Like all premier travel inns you know roughly what to expect but having all my family relatives stay for my 50th birthday weekend tested everytihng as the aprty ranged from 15-82 years old,Good big clean rooms, clean bathrooms and good value cooked breakfast (free for under 16's) and a pretty great thamesside location add up to a very good package for the city.Very close to many bars and restaurants and the superb borough market at weekends.Only drawback is a lack of parking facilities (5 spaces only) but thats about par for the course in London.	
Mar 20 2007 	An excellet value close to history!	Rooms were exceptionally clean, en suite, with an attentive staff and the Anchor Pub attached to the building. This is the pub where people gathered to watch London burning in the great fire! Full English Breakfast was well done, just as one would expect. Quite a sense of history at the pub.From the hotel you can walk to the Queen's Walk, making your way down the Thames to the New Globe Theatre, and you can also get easily to the underground, to The Tower of London, and easily access all of London's historic sites through the excellent public transportation system. (Well, USUALLY excellent!)	
Nov 22 2006 	Good location really convenient and comfortable	Stayed here for 3 nights. I would stay here again but ask for room not close to lift as you can hear lift bell whilst trying to sleep.The room was clean and comfortable. The staff were extremly friendly, polite and helpful and in some cases quite comical at front desk.The hotel has everything you might need for quick visit to London and breakfast served in pub next door. There are coffee shops and restaurants right opposite so would most certainly stay here again.Has pub right next door and in good walking distance of tube/train station.	
Oct 25 2006 	A great location	I wouldn't normally stay in a Travel Inn but I was looking to use leisure vouchers and needed to stay somewhere for just the one night. I was in London on business but choosing to stay over and I was able to walk to the hotel so I really appreciated what a great location it was - it is a really vibrant part of London with lovely cafes and market stalls and near Vinopolis, Tate Modern, the Clink Prison museam. The hotel itself has direct access to a lovely traditional pub with outside seating overlooking the Thames.I chose to go this time because it was free and convenient, I am now planning to go back with my family.The room itself was standard Travel Inn fare - everything was clean and in perfect condition but it was functional - for the price (even if you're paying!) I don't think you can expect more.I paid for the breakfast and at £7.50 it was very good value. I'm vegetarian but I still got a full plate cooked breakfast (rather than the standard breakfast with the meat removed that is offered in so many places)	
Sep 23 2006 	Great little hotel in a great location!	This was our first trip to London and from what friends told us and from reading tremendous numbers of negative reviews about a lot of other hotels, we were rather nervous. We were encouraged by the positive reviews of this place here on TripAdvisor and were very glad that we did decide to stay here! The room had plenty of space, the bathroom was not cramped and the king-sized bed was very comfortable. (The bed was actualy two regular beds with a single topsheet and comforter. It worked well.) The air conditioner was not all that powerful, but it kept the room pleasant. We had a view over a quiet street and aside from a few sirens in the distance, noise was not a problem. There was plenty of water pressure and as much hot water as we needed. The room included a telephone with free local and 800 calls, a 19&quot; television, coffee/tea maker and a hair dryer. The bathroom actually had a plug for 115 volts as well as 230 for electric razors. There were plenty of lights, so reading our guidebooks was easy. The towels were nice although they don't have washcloths, so bring your own. You may also want to bring soap if you don't like shower gels. One of the chairs looked as if something had been spilled on it and had been bleached, but it was clean. There is no ice machine although there were some vending machines and the restaurant was happy to provide a glass of ice on request.The staff was friendly and spoke English. The Anchor Pub restaurant on premises had a great outdoor deck on the Thames with a nice view of St. Paul's. The neighborhood was fun. It's only a few short blocks to the London Bridge Tube Station and as others have noted, there are a LOT of local attractions as well as a lot of nearby pubs, an outdoor market, small eateries and pastry shops. Borough High Street (where you get the the Tube Station) has a lot of banks with ATM's and there are several Internet cafe's as well. When we first arrived it was a little bit hard to find with all the twisting and narrow streets, but we quickly got oriented.We felt this hotel provided great value for the price (London is not a cheap place to visit) and we will probably stay here when we visit again.	
Sep 12 2006	Great for disabled	We just decided that week , we wanted a quick easy weekend away in london, after travelling up with south west trains,which i may add where absolutely perfect as far as i am concerned , as i am in a wheelchair and normally avoid public transport , south west trains made my travel so comfortable and very easy i am considering leaving the car behind alot more!The hotel is right behind the london eye, so that was great as the train station is only a few minutes away.Once we arrived at the hotel they had a system of side entrance for disabled and if you are disabled you will know the side entrance to any place is always used for us,rarely teh front entrance.The room was really big and plenty of room for my wheelchair.The bathroom had all the needs anyone would want and everyday neat clean towels, fresh bedding and rooms tidy to a high standard! The coffee and tea and milk provided get you a cuppa but you do need to ask fro more if there is more than 2 adults.With us being 3 the staff provided more no questions asked.Breakfast was really nice , they provide and cater for all.The bar is open until early hours.Although you really are very close to Waterloo station and west minster bridge , you really wont hear any noise form traffic!All in all a 1st class hotel and london for the weekend is definately a must!	
Jun 20 2006	Great little hotel	Sometime ago, my local newspaper highlighted this hotel as a great alternative to the high priced London hotel scene. Well, they were right! This hotel has it all. Great location, clean and modern rooms and right sized pricing. No, it does not have &quot;history&quot;. If you want that eat your breakfast in the Anchor Inn. It is attached to the hotel and provides either a full english breakfast or a continental breakfast in an inn dating back to the 1500's. You can prepay when you register at the hotel. In summary, I could not have been more pleased with my stay. A great little gem in the heart of the London's Southbank.	
Jun 6 2006	family weekend break	travel inn was clean, friendly and helpful, but the restaurant was a different matter. I booked a travel inn cause i thought it catered for families. They had no childrens menu, and the main menu was limited. It offered fancy food which was no good for a 4 year old, who would have been happy with fish fingers or burger. There was no side orders of chips, so we couldn't have given him that. Staff in the restaurant were not english, and had trouble understanding our accents. Apart from the restaurant, we couldn't fault the actual hotel or staff.	
May 21 2006	Small scale with atmosphere	Premier Travel Inn has 2 hotels on the South bank in central London: Southwark and County Hall. I stayed in the latter many times to my full satisfaction. For my latest visit I was too late to make a reservation, and was recommended the Southwark instead. A very good alternative indeed. At a slightly lower rate (84 instead of 92 pounds) the Southwark offers rooms that are slightly smaller than the big spaces in County Hall, but the decoration is more stylish and modern which fully compensates for that.In fact this comparison holds for the entire hotel: the Southwark is smaller in size than County Hall, but has more atmosphere. Cobbled and quiet streets surround the hotel, entrance is though a courtyard, the reception is a small desk and tiny office, and breakfast is served in a nice navy style pub adjacent to the hotel. Beds are wonderfully soft and shower pressure and temperature are excellent even during peak hours.The only cons I can think of are the air conditioner which cold not really cool the room (but the County Hall has no air conditioning at all), and the fact that the windows cannot be fully opened (although I was told this is following health and safety requirements). But these are small inconveniences, and will not prevent me from preferring this hotel to the County Hall for my future visits!	
Mar 27 2006	Reasonably priced clean little hotel with WiFi	My wife and I stayed here for four nights in March, 2006, and found it to be clean, comfortable, and convenient. The price was reasonable and the staff was very friendly. If you are visiting Shakespeare's Globe reconstruction, Lancelot Andrewes' Southwark Cathedral, Sir Walter Raleigh's Golden Hinde reconstruction, or the Southwark farmers market, then this is the place to stay. It is also only a few tube stops away from the heart of the old City. The room is well laid out and the writing and clothes storage areas are spacious. However, if you intend to spend most of your time in west London's theater district, the Kew Gardens, or just want a more classy neighborhood, I suggest the Copthorne Tara in Kensington instead. Granted, the Premier has (expensive) in-room WiFi which the Copthorne Tara did not last time we stayed there, but the Premier does not have an in-room refrigerator or concierge service. The bathtub in the Premier was too narrow for a big person. Also, do not rely on the room being ready for a morning arrival. The Premier is a much less expensive choice than other hotels in London, which are usually very expensive, and service and cleanliness should not be an issue if that is most important. Hint: Upon your first arrival, if you have much luggage, get a taxi from London Bridge rail or the underground since you must cross several streets to get there and it is not easy to find. We did not find nearby the hotel a Marks &amp; Spencer Food Store or the equivalent, but the London Bridge rail station does have a variety of food stores, so buy supplies upon arrival so you can use the taxi to transport them.	
Feb 25 2006	Good value in a good location.	It's possible to pay a lot of money for hotel accommodation in London. More often than not one can end up severely disappointed with what one gets for ones hard earned money!Not in the case of the Premier Travel Inn Southwark I would venture though. Here you will find a good value, good sized room that is clean, comfortable and modern, within a hotel facility in a smart, accessible, yet relatively peaceful part of London.The hotel is in a good location, less than 5 minutes walking distance from London Bridge tube station which connects easily with central London via the Jubilee line.Within the immediate area are a number of excellent cafés, restaurants and my own favourite, London pubs. Should you wish to venture out yourself to try the local pubs, I would highly recommend the Market Porter, on Stoney Street. Its popularity and quality can be easily assessed by the fact that it is always packed! Also worth visiting are the Wheatsheaf further along Stoney Street, the George Inn on Borough High St. and The Globe on Bedale St.The Premier Travel Inn is attached to a pub called The Anchor (in which you will be served breakfast if you choose to have it at a reasonable cost), this is a perfectly serviceable pub, but not as enjoyable as those mentioned above.To conclude then, if you are looking for a comfortable, good value hotel, in a good location, without the fripperies of more luxurious hotels, then this will serve you well.	
Jan 21 2006	good place fair price	This hotel is very well located and has easy access to key locations. The rooms were clean and normal size. the service was great. We never try the restaurant at the hotel. I will recommend the higher floors. There is a little bit of noise in the first floor. Taxi ride is probably better than the tube to get there. If you are not looking for luxury, but for good value, and good location, this is a good choice to consider.Around the area are couple of places to eat. Nando's is a sort of fast food restaurant but the food (chicken, Portuguese) is very nice.	
Jan 12 2006	Good place to stay in London	Stayed at this hotel for four nights over the New Year. It is an ideal location within close proximity to Shakespeare's Globe Theatre and a short stroll across the Millenium Bridge to St Paul's Cathedral. We took buses from St Paul's into the centre of the city. Nearby restaurants such as Wagamama were excellent. The hotel itself is smallish and clean. The room we had was quite modern but a little smaller than the room we had at the County Hall PTI. If you want to stay in a quieter area of Inner London, then this is ideal. The price of 83 pounds was great for central London. My only real complaint was the food at the Anchor Pub which adjoins the hotel. The hot carvery was under-staffed on New Years Eve and they had hardly anything to eat from their menu (at 7pm!). The food we got was pretty average. The A la Carte area is closed and will not re-open for another month or so. We didn't have breakfast at the pub but if dinner was anything to go by, we didn't miss much. A shame really as the pub looks great from outside and inside - real character.	
Sep 27 2005	Wonderful little hotel!	We just returned from London yesterday and stayed at this hotel based on reviews I read here - it was just as good as everything I read. Very clean and modern with a very helpful and friendly staff. The location is wonderful, amidst small cobblestone streets and only a block from the River Thames. Several people mentioned that it was a little difficult to find the first time and I agree but we simply looked for the Southwark Cathedral once we exited the London Bridge Station and went in that direction and then followed the signs to the Vinopolis (it is directly across the street from the hotel). Also nearby is the Clink Prison Museum (1/2 block), the remains of Winchester Palace (1 block) and the Golden Hinde replica (about 2 blocks) so there alot of visible history in this area. The Thameslink train connects London Bridge Station directly with Gatwick so it was an easy ride from the airport and the fare is much less than the Gatwick Express. We loved the Southwark area and felt very safe. There are alot a pubs and restaurants nearby located on the riverwalk along the Thames. We will definitly stay here again on future visits. It is a very good value in an expensive city.My thanks to all the reviewers who wrote in about this property - I chose it based on their reviews solely and I was not disappointed.	
Aug 16 2005	Excellent hotel 		
Aug 8 2005	Highly recommended		
Jul 17 2005	Good location good size rooms excellent value		
Jul 1 2005	Room Size		
Jun 30 2005	Excellent location esp. for tourists		
May 14 2005	Fabulous family Hotel at London Eye		
Feb 4 2005	Great Value and Even Better Location!		
Jan 14 2005	Fantastic location excellent value		
Sep 14 2004	Awesome location 		
Apr 21 2004	Good Base for visiting London		
Nov 2 2009 	Excelente		
Oct 27 2009 	Para lo que es Londres!		
Oct 13 2009 	excellent séjour		
Jul 14 2009 	Agréable séjour très bon hotel.		
Jun 12 2009 	buona scelta per vacanza a Londra		
Feb 17 2009	Tolles Hotel tolle Lage toller Preis		
Oct 28 2008 	J'y retournerais et le recommanderais		
Oct 22 2007 	Muy buena relación calidad/precio		
