	3 stars - but a good value for the money	I traveled solo and booked the cheapest room in the house, so i didn't expect much. This is London and like the trends in other expensive cities, the rooms are going to be small. I got a very small room with a single bed, but I was impressed with the layout of the room. Very well laid out for such a small place, but the bed mattress could be updated. That is the least they can do - a little soft. The room faced the street but I barely heard anything and slept til 10 (it is Sunday by the way). I also showed up at 1:30 AM after having called to confirm my room was available and I had no problems. And i've got free internet access and it worked right away. It's no frills, but they had a free water bottle. If you're tall or large, this won't be comfortable, but if you're looking for value and like me don't want to waste you money on a hotel, this is not a bad alternative. Hyde Park is right down the street too.	
	great hotel	I don't understand the bad reviews here...It's a great hotel in a great location and most important in a sain price (60 for night for a couple). The only thing that wasn't so great was the size of the room but who cares - you just need a bed to get some sleep :)The staff was verry nice and helpful.	
Nov 17 2009 	Definitely not 4 stars...	Great staff, friendly. Location is superb...near hyde park on the circle line. Breakfast was also satisfactoryBut...Rooms were tiny (I'm 5&quot;3 and my knees touched the sink when i sat down in the bathroom). Tubs were a safety hazard. LIghts in the shower were so near my head and the shower head i was worried about electrocution.Rooms were not very clean. The carpet looked as old as the building. Although I'm glad to report I did not get bitten by any insects. Ventilation was poor and for 4 stars this is inexcusable.Whoever awarded the hotel their rating ought to be shot or tried for corruption.They might tick everything on the list they provide but just imagine the worst possible quality for the facilities they have. Fresh flowers = almost dead, droppy carnation in a vase. (Not that fresh flowers are important)..but you get the idea how this applies to everything else.We apparently had the biggest room, I shudder to think about the other rooms. Our colleague got a room with a flight of stairs just after his door which was a bad fall and lawsuit waiting to happen.Bottom line: Don't stay there if you think this is a 4 star hotel. It is an okay 1 star and barely 2 star.Save your money and go stay somewhere else.	
Nov 15 2009 	Good value for money - convenient location	Ideal location within a five minute walk of Paddington mainline station. Staff at reception were very helpful, polite and informative. The staff in the breakfast room were also pleasant and helpful. We booked this hotel through the Shaftesbury Hotel groups own website and took advantage of their book three nights get 15% discount. The double room including breakfast averaged out at £88 per night. The room was small but I have stayed in several different hotels in London and have yet to find a large room. I guess if you want to pay Ritz, Hilton prices you might get larger sized accommodation. Anyhow our room was very clean and the furnishing were quite modern, the bathroom was small but again very clean. As we were looking for somewhere to sleep as opposed to somewhere to spend our days this hotel suited us brilliantly. The breakfast was self service but had excellent choice to suit all tastes. The breakfast room was in the basement but had a light and airy feel to it. All in all if you are travelling from the south west of England by train this is a great place to stay as you do not need a taxi to take you to your hotel and the tube is on hand for travelling around London. Additionally the hotel has a luggage room where you can leave everything safely until you are ready to depart from the capital.	
Nov 8 2009 	Terrible place DO NOT STAY HERE	We arrived at the london notting hill hotel in this chain to find after almost an hour waiting in reception that they had not allocated us a room. They transferred us to their sister hotel in Paddington (not the area of London we wanted to stay) however the room we were allocated was completely unsuitable. We booked for 2 adults and a child requiring a cot however the room was accessed via 8 steps inside the rooms front door (so it was almost impossible to get our pushchair in) then the room its self had a (extremely dirty including a used plaster stuck to it) travel cot unmade up. We tried to make this cot up however the room was too small to fit the cot in even when we moved out all movable furniture into the shower room. We contacted the manager who said this was the only room available and we &quot;should be lucky to have this&quot; as she had to &quot;call around to get this&quot; for us. By this time it was 10pm and we had gone to check in at the original hotel at 7pm. My daughter is 2years old and very tired as it was 3 hours past her bedtime. The manager gave us access to the hotel computer to find alternative accommodation but would not tell us any local hotel names outside the chain which she told us again had no other rooms. At this very late time in the day we could not find an alternative so we had no choice but to stay in the room offered as an alternative to the room we booked. This room was NOT suitable for us and was in no way &quot;Deluxe&quot; or a suitable alternative for the &quot;just refurbished&quot; room we had in our booking. The shower room was clean however the sink did not drain properly and their was no cold water. As their was no room for a cot and the bed was very small our daughter had to sleep on the floor. The room was very noisy both from outside as their was not adequate sound proofing/double glazing and their was also a lot of noise from other rooms, we could hear the tv of our neighbours very clearly and were woken by other guests loud arguments and door slamming. I fully realise that other guests actions are not the fault of the hotel however this made our stay even worse. The bed linen was stained, the fridge did not work, the light smoked and smelt of burning, their was a dead bug on the desk and an alive one crawling up the wall and I think their should have been a radiator cover but instead their was a broken and rough bit of wall and wood (not very safe for my daughter or us adults either) In summary the hotel we booked had not allocated us a room, we had a long wait for a room, the alternative hotel was not in the area we wanted to stay in and its room was unsuitable, unclean and unsafe. The staffs attitude was terrible but i guess they had heard the same complaints time and time again.DO NOT BOOK THIS CHAIN OF HOTELS	
Oct 13 2009 	Average Hotel but convenient location	Stayed here for 2 nights. The rooms are a bit tight, but the hotel is clean. I had taken a double room so that it could be a bit roomy, but still not there. I had breakfast included, and that was good. Overall an average hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Fine hotel close to Paddington	This hotel is a great hotel if you need something decent that's close to Paddington. The staff is friendly, especially the day porter. The rooms are typical English small, although they upgradeded me to a larger single with a fridge and a microwave, which was nice. The lift is tiny and can fit about 2 people with bags or four with no bags. The sound proofing is a bit suspect, as you can hear people in the corridor if they speak, and my floor in front of the bathroom squeaked mercilessly and I wondered about the people underneath me when I came in at 1am.	
Sep 28 2009 	good location	just 2min go the tube&amp;train station. free internet :)	
Sep 9 2009 	This hotel is terrible	Please dont ever believe this has anything in common with a 4* hotel. This is a typical terrace hotel with very average facilities, similar service and TINY rooms. My bed is the full width of the room! The full width!! There is literally no room at the end of the bed before the wall! None! To get to the table, I have to climb over the bed. Never in all my years travelling have I ever seen anything like this. Do not stay here	
Aug 29 2009 	LOVELY HOTELDONT NO WOT ALL THE MOANING IS ABOUT!!!	I was very worried about stayin here as i read the reviews after i had booked,i booked a quad room for myself my partner and our kids age 11 and 18,our room was in the basement and it was lovely,it had a window and air con,it also had a double bed and queen size bed and a flat screen tv on the wall,our room was very spacious and it was also very clean,breakfast was also lovely with a variety of foods to choose from and it was an all u can eat buffet,the staff were helpfull and friendly and the location was great,overall this hotel was great value for money and i would deffo stay there again,if your booking a quad room ask for room 806 and see for yourself!!!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Terrible Place - Worst Service Ever - Rude Staff - Avoid !!!	Where do you start with this place??? I am still fuming from the worst experience and service i have ever come across in any hotel in London and I've been around a few! Firstly make no mistakes, this is NOT a 4 star hotel, it would barely get a 3 star based on cleaniness but take the size of rooms and staff attitute in account and it quickly drops down to barely a 1 star for me.Arrived to check in at 9pm after a long days work and travelling and what you expect from a 4 star hotel costing almost £200 per night is to be swiftly checked in and have a comfortable room to put your head down. Oh no... not in this place! There were 2 receptionists and there were 2 other guests who were trying to check in when we arrived but the hotel could not find their reservation so we were asked to TAKE A SEAT while they sorted that out even though there were 2 at reception and one of the two could have checked us in. 15 minutes later and still no sign of anything being sorted out. The two gentlemen in front of me were being messed about big time, they were asked to pay again for a pre-paid reservation and had to deal with the now almost famous rude and argumentative receptionist as mentioned in previous reviews. 20 minutes gone, then 25 and we are still on the sofa... with half an hour gone i couldn't take any longer and walked up to them again only to be met with the rudest reply ever &quot;I am dealing with another customer, you just have to wait&quot;, not even an apology for the wait. Asked why the second receptionist could not check us in since he did not seem to be doing anything but no... why would he be bothered? The attitute of the staff was truly unbelievable, extraordinarily bad... they could not have made a guest feel so unwelcomed even if they tried!To cut a very very long story short, after 45 minutes they finally called us to check us in and suprise suprise... they couldn't find my reservation either! Again no apologies, and apparently it was not even their fault, it was &quot;central reservations&quot; that messed it up. Great! so we get the worst service ever, not even a tiny apology for the wait and the messing about and it is not even their fault! I really lost it when the receptionist asked us to take a seat again until she typed in using one finger all the information of the booking and checked with central reservations and blah blah blah... this was the biggest farce of a hotel reception i had ever seen. The rudeness of the lady who was supposedly checkingus in was unbelievable, has a manager or owner never seen the way this woman treats their customers? If she was working for me and treated gusts this way she would've been out of the door yesterday...it was almost 10:30pm, a whole 90 minutes since we first walked through the front door that we finally got the room key from a guy who appeared to had just arrived and who was wearing his namebadge upside down. We were given the keys with these exact words: &quot;if you don't like the room you can ask the morning shift to change you tomorrow&quot;. I was dreading what would lie behind the door of the room... how can anyone send of a customer to their 4 star hotel room with those words? Unreal!Off to the room... it was in the basement, not a good start but i did not mind too much about that, as long as it was comfortable and quiet it would do nicely for my 2 night stay. But it was not. Tiny tiny tiny with a single bed and barely room to move around it. The width of the room was no more than 4 feet at best! How are they even allowed to advertise this place as a 4 star is unknown to me. Look out of the window and not only was it in the basement, someone thought it would be a good ideat to install 6 huge airconditioning units, suspended at ground floor level above the room window, blocking any hint of natural light that we may had seen the morning after and leaving you to go to sleep with the sound of the aircondition units in your room. Needless to say i did not wait until the day after, walked straight out of the room and back uo to reception well prepared to just check-out and move to another hotel if my request for another room was turned down. Luckily for all concerned, they did not argue with me much and they &quot;upgraded&quot; me to a &quot;club room&quot; on the first floor. Much better than the rubbish i was first allocated but still nowhere near the level expected when paying this sort of money for the night. The double bed was not even a proper double, only a 4ft one, the TV was very stupidly placed on the side wall next to your pillows so in effect you had no chance of watching it from bed and as there is simply nowhere else in the room to sit than the bed it did not make any sense at all. The room was again very very small, even smaller than the rooms at the likes of the 3 star Stylotel that i have also reviewd which for less than half the price of this place offers a lot more, bigger rooms and above all friendly service.It was now 11:15pm and i finally had a room where i could at least sleep for a few hours before checkign out early the next morning and heading for the hilton Paddington nearby.I would never ever recommend this lace, not even to my worst enemy, even they don't deserve to be put through this! Terrible place, Terrible service and a general contempt aganst their guests who they just see as cash cows rather than valued customers. Avoid, Avoid, Avoid!	
Jul 23 2009 	Treat this hotel with a good deal of caution.. 4 star it isn't!	I seriously don't know how this hotel got it's 4 star rating. It took about 15 minutes to check in, as the receptionist was training a junior, who kept swearing every time he got something wrong - not a good start guys!My double room was the size of a broom cupboard, in the basement. It was noisy, especially at 6am, cramped, both taps produced piping hot water but no cold, the lights kept flicking on and off and the final straw was when the hairdryer overheated and cut out, just before an important business meeting. The receptionist's reaction was totally non commital when I reported it. All the other aspects I could have just about lived with, but her reaction was &quot;tell someone who cares&quot; which is what prompted me to write. Would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jul 12 2009 	good stay in london	Knowing nothing about the hotel I got a decent rate for london and stayed 4 nights at the Shaftesbury Premier. I understood, it's London, the room is going to be small. And it was, but the bathroom was efficiently designed and the bed was comfortable. I did have to walk up to my room but that wasn't a chore. I was surprised that in-room internet was free! And a small coffee maker! FREE! Really! The TV was small but again proportional to the size of the room. The hotel is just around the block from Paddington station which makes getting around town easy on the subway. I noticed some people did have problems with the staff as I was checking in but I had no problem at all and had no problem with my stay. All in all not a bad choice in London. I would stay again.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good Location Small Room size and Awful Service!!	Good location. Forget about room service, they don't even deliver water.Rememebr to bring an oxygen tank as the rooms are so tiny that you cant even breathe. receptionists are very rude and depressing.location is excellent, only 2 mins walk to padding tube station, but a part from that the hotel is absolutely horrible.laundry service was good though.breakfast? never tried. not a 4* hotel AT ALL!! no way this is a 4*!!no way!	
Jul 7 2009 	Depressing place with surly argumentative receptionist	I have never stayed in such a dreadful place. Although this was some time ago now, I am not surprised to see that reviews reflect my experience. As I have just joined Trip Adviser I thought it would be helpful to other potential guests and management.The scene was set when we arrived. Although we were very tired and hot having just arrived from Paris the receptionist totally ignored us and seemed to enjoy extending a phone call and then taking another! She did not apologise or even smile and her attitude was disgusting, arrogant and surly . I complained about her the next morning but do not feel this was taken seriously or would be dealt with (obviously not - seeing the later reviews) I hope they have replaced her but it seems they have by others of a similar ilk.The room was depressing, small and dark and grubby with no air conditioning or fan. The bathroom was tiny. I could not wait to leave.I can't remember the breakfast still too depressed about the &quot;service&quot; and room.DON'T STAY HERE. It is in no way a 4* hotel and in fact should have none at all.	
Jul 6 2009 	gorgeous hotel but some reception staff need to be careful how they speak to paying guests	my friend and i booked this hotel for the convenience of paddington and the surrounding area but when we went to check in were told I'm sorry but you cant stay here tonight. The sister hotel had a flood and according to the 2 at reception so had this hotel and our room was damaged but would be ready tommorrow and we were moved to a hotel over at Victoria which was the thistle westminster with a free taxi there and back in the morning so we had no choice but to move.In the morning approx 11am we went back to the hotel to be told that our room woulnt be ready untill 1o'clock as we were there for the take that concert at wembley stadium this was no good to us and we were given a tiny single room to get ready in .When we were ready we were told that because of our trouble we would be upgraded. So when we arrived back to the hotel at approx 11.30 pm to check in again we were asked for a £2o deposit for the room which was totally unacceptable so we went to the room which was gorgeous only to find no bags in the room so we had to go back down to reception to get our bags. You could eat off the floor the place is spotless and the bathrooms beautiful. I think that some of the staff need a few lessons in customer relations and a few english lessons also but the staff in the morning were lovely	
Jul 6 2009	The worst service i have ever received	We booked this hotel in January for our friends hen weekend in July. When we arrived on Friday night we were told that our rooms had a 'maintenence problem' (no thought to call us before we arrived). They had clearly double booked our rooms and then lied about it. we were then shipped off to a set of unfinished apartments in south east london! i have never been treated so badly or spoken to so rudely by hotel staff and quite frankly they did not know what they were doing. Do not book into this hotel!	
Jul 4 2009 	Triple room great; double room small ... all in all a nice place to stay.	We stayed at the Shaftesbury Premier Paddington for four nights in mid-June. I selected this place because it has triple rooms, was moderately priced, and located near Paddington Station. Through the hotel's website, I booked one triple (my husband, teenage daughter, and myself) at 552 pounds for the 4-night stay and a deluxe double (381 pounds) for my in-laws who were traveling with us. I'd read in other reviews that you can sometimes get a complimentary upgrade to a club double room, so I asked, but was told there were none available. Our triple was really nice...large room with a comfy king bed (two twins pushed together), sofabed (perfect for our teenager), nice bathroom, frig, microwave, coffee/tea, safe, large windows across one entire wall ... even a vase of fresh flowers. Unfortunately, my in-laws didn't fare as well. Reports of the tiny doubles are true. But, they got situated and said it was fine, especially for the price. An English breakfast was included in the rate and was very well prepared and presented. After reading some of the reviews of this hotel I will admit to being a bit nervous about booking at the Shaftesbury Premier London Paddingon. However, aside from the small double, we had a positive experience at this hotel. It is just a few blocks from Paddington, but on a side street away from traffic. The hotel staff was very professional and helpful. Our rooms and all areas of the hotel were clean and nicely appointed. Booking on the hotel site is definitely the way to go as it includes the breakfast.	
Jul 3 2009 	Don't do it!	My sister and I booked this hotel via another hotel website. When we arrived we were told we had been moved to another hotel - The King Henry something or other in Liester Terrace ( I think) - This was a 2* hotel if it was lucky and the Premier Hotel would only offer us 10% discount. Te most unhelpful receptionist, eventually agreed to giving us full refund. If you get to this hotel and they tell you they have had to take rooms out of commission DO NOT that the hotel on offer if it is the one above - demand your money back and go elsewhere.	
May 28 2009 	Not a 4* but great location	I booked this hotel through lastminute.com for myself, my partner and two younger sisters who are 17 and it was their first trip to London. It worked out at £33 per person per night (room only) which I thought was excellent value for a 4* hotel, however, I would NOT class this hotel as 4*. On arrival, despite booking 2 deluxe doubles we were told that there was only 1 available so we could either have 1 double and 2 single rooms, or a double room in their 'sister' hotel. There was no way I would leave my sisters on their own and they didn't want to be separated from us so they opted for a single room each. I wasn't really happy with this either but at least we were together and their 2 single rooms were on the same floor. However, these rooms were only available for 1 night and a double was being made available for our second night. My sisters were told not to unpack, leave the bags in their rooms and when we came back after being out all day their bags would be in the new room. I felt this was inappropriate for us but could have been worse - what if we had been 2 couples or a family with children old enough to have their own room but not old enough to be left on their own? Ridiculous.After sorting this out the woman then asked me how I would like to pay. We had already paid through lastminute.com so I told her this, she started arguing with me saying that no we had not paid, after looking on her computer she realised that we had, in fact, already paid. We were given no apology. This woman was extremely rude, when we first arrived she just said there was a problem then spent 10mins on the phone without explaining about the room situation, we didn't have a clue what was wrong. She also demanded that we give a £10 'swab' of our credit cards incase we didn't pay for any extras we had used, I found this quite insulting and have never had to do this at any other hotel.When we finally got in to the room I couldn't believe how tiny it was, the so called 'deluxe double' was the SAME SIZE as my sisters single room! The bed was NOT a double so anybody slightly over weight, big built, pregnant or over 5 ft 10, do not stay here! There was hardly any storage - no where to store luggage so we were constantly tripping over it, only 4 tiny 'cuby holes' and 4 coat hangers in the wardrobe and no drawers - how is this enough for 2 people?! If we had a small child or baby god knows where a cot would have fitted.The rooms were also boiling and the aircon didn't seem to do anything, it didn't go below 19degrees anyway but we left it on from the minute we arrived to the minute we left and it not once felt any cooler. We couldn't open the window as we were on the ground floor at the back of the hotel, with a lovely view of a wall and some windows - people in these rooms could have seen us in bed as it was pushed up against the wall. The 'double deluxe' that my sisters finally got moved to was at the front of the hotel also on the ground floor. Worryingly the window did not shut so they were scared of somebody getting into the room to steal their stuff or harming them whilst they were in bed at night. Their TV didn't work, one of the sockets was broken and the plug in the sink was wedged down so water drained far too slowly causing a backlog. Their room was marginally bigger than ours but still not what I would call a double room. On our last visit to London we stayed at The Tower Hotel, also a 4*, next to Tower Bridge and the room was easily 5-6 times the size of the rooms here and a lot more luxurious.Despite the rooms being only big enough to house The Borrowers they were exceptionally clean and the bathrooms (again, not big enough to swing a cat in) were really clean and modern. The shower was brilliant, really big and powerful and there was free shampoo, conditioner, shower gel etc. Would I stay here again? Probably not, unless I was travelling alone. The rooms were far too small, the staff were extremely rude and none of them were English. Whilst I'm not racist it would be nice to speak to somebody who can actually understand what I am saying, and likewise. The service was not worthy of a 4* and I know I keep banging on about it but the room size was bordering on the ridiculous.I also feel this hotel has some what of a scam going on. There are several hotels obviously in the same chain - all Shaftesbury Premiers. I chose the Paddington one as it seemed nicer than some of the others and was a bit more money - not much but enough to matter. After reading some other reviews it seems many other people have booked this hotel and then, on arrival, been told that it is full and been shipped to their other hotels. When they tried to do this with us we were not offered back the difference in cost and they only relented as I was so adamant about not leaving my sisters alone. I think that even if this hotel is full or certain rooms aren't available, they are still taking bookings then when you arrive they send you to their other hotels, which are slightly cheaper and don't refund the difference. Cynical? Maybe, but we were offered no apologies, no explanation and no refund on the difference if we had moved.The upside of this hotel was that the location is fab, literally round the corner from the tube, and only about 5 stops from Kings Cross, Oxford Street and many of the top attractions. It is also near lots of lovely restaurants and fast food places that cater for all tastes. We ate in an Italian which was gorgeous food and very resonably priced.I will be happy to answer any further questions! x	
May 18 2009 	lack of services and missing a smile at reception	Nothing particularly bad to say about this hotel, the location is ok, not far from PADDINGTON station and possible walk to LANCASTER GATE. The rooms ar small but confortable. The breakfast is ok but could improve the orange juices refills because the 2 timesI ate there, there was no juice left during 30 minutes and I was there a 9 already???? but my main problem was the reception. It is a 4 star, so I expect a smile when I arrive and leave the hotel and what I did not like at all is when I asked the reception the nightbus number and where to get it, the girl at reception answered 'Don't know, never took any from here, so can't help !'. Be carefull also because some of the rooms are in the basement with not much light through the window (I am glad I did not get a room downstairs because I would have complained for sure!)	
May 13 2009 	Great location - some deficits in my room	The map I printed from a web site mislead me but it is very close to Paddington - 3-5 mins walk only. I was put in Room 002 on the ground floor, which is off the lobby. It is a very small room and not really suitable for 2 people (although I was on my own). It is directly opposite the lift and next to the door leading to the ground floor rooms so very noisy. The curtains don't block out the light from the front entrance and again noise from that direction was not restful. The bathroom was extrememly tiny and the opening for the shower door so tiny it was not even reasonable. The bed was comfy and there was a spare blanket in available if needed. No hand towel in the bathroom and no light on the desk for working. Loved the handy location but asked not to be put in this room on the return journey and this was duly noted. No hassles, staff were helpful. Restaurant if for breakfast only same with room service. Small fridge available and a safe.	
May 10 2009 	A somewhat service lacking "4***" hotel	This is my third time in London and the first time staying around Paddington area. I chose this hotel because its close proximity to the Paddington Station which is very convenient for me to travel from and to Heathrow airport. Hence, location wise, it is superb and you simply can't beat it. It's basically one big block away from the station - 3-5 min. walk max. I also got a reasonable price directly from the hotel website, which made the deal look even more appealing.Now about that hotel. The reception area is small but functional. People at the front desk were efficient with the check-in/check-out process though not particularly friendly. I was put in Rm.103 right across the elevator, which is NOT ideal as I kept hearing people in and out of the elevator late at night during my entire stay there. My room is small but not more cramp than any other single room I have stayed in London before. Guest room is decorated with dark mahogany color furniture - not particular my taste but at least it is clean and tidy. In addition, a safety box, tea/coffee facilities and internet connectivity is also provided in room which is quite good. Bed and pillow are a bit soft but I did manage to sleep ok. Breakfast was probably the best part of this hotel - both the breakfast area (basement) and breakfast selection (free) was very good.Bathroom is another story. While it was obviously newly refurbished, the toilet was leaking and shower area was very TINY. An average size guy like me could barely move around so shower in the morning proven to be extremely challenging. I can only imagine what a struggle it would be for a big and tall person to use this shower!Yet the bigger problem I had is about the service. The maid service was not adequate that it looked like they only came in to make your bed and changed your towels without cleaning your room or replenishing room supplies like tea/coffee or toilettes. Also the room service was somewhat lacking as well - one night I asked for an extra pillow (BTW, pillow is extremely flat and soft) and after two visits downstairs plus two phone calls, they finally called back 25 minutes later with a response of &quot;sorry no more pillows&quot;. It makes me wonder what the service would be like during the peak season.Even so, I would still consider this a decent hotel. For the price I paid (77 pounds/night), I got the location, free breakfast and free internet - very reasonable for a London Central &quot;4*&quot; hotel. I will consider returning but definitely not a room across the lift again.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great value in an excellent location.	This hotel is in a very convenient location for travelers and tourists alike, just behind Paddington Station. This hotel has no grand lobby, concierge or bar. It was always staffed, however found that the receptionist rarely had useful information about the area. We were given a club room with two twin beds and were surprised that the room had enough room fore a loveseat. It also had a flatscreen tv, microwave, minifridge (which was not cold) and even a door to a small alleyway between the buildings. It wasn't much of a view, however just getting a door or window that opens was appreciated. There were fresh flowers in the room upon checkin.Watch the website for deals, as I found that I was able to get a better rate after my initial booking. This was an incredible value for London, just without the frills. There is no restaurant, but they do host an English Breakfast buffet downstairs each morning.	
Apr 9 2009	Lovely room clean and roomy for London	this was quiet the surprise. The club room was updated, with full bath, very comfortable and very clean. Came equipped with newpapers, magizines and even a vase of flowers. The room had a microwave, mini fridge and large screen TV. Very close to Paddington station, Sussex Gardens. Nice furnishings. I like luxury, so this would be a recommend.	
Mar 29 2009 	Clean Good Location Tiny Rooms	First trip to London and am glad I stayed in the Paddington district. Great access to the tube and trains but not the craziness of Notting Hill or Winchester. The hotel is modern, updated and clean. Beaware that the single rooms all face Westbourne Terrace, which is a main road, so the traffic noise is constant. Ear plugs are a must. The single room is small by North Amercian standards. I have stayed in a thousand hotel rooms in the last 20 years but this is by far the smallest. The bathroom is also tiny and minimal room in the shower which is about 28x28. The breakfast was included with the room, which you have to search for on the internet and is quite good. Overall, I am use to a larger room, but for a single traveller, this is a decent hotel. Search the internet as prices vary greatly.	
Mar 29 2009 	This hotel does not deserve your money.	Similar to the experience of Stepdoh below, I have now realised that these Shaftesbury Hyde Park hotels all trade under very similar names with very different reviews depending on which one you look at. I stayed with this one twice - the second booking was a mistake, and the first time we turned up mistakenly having booked the Shaftesbury Metropolis but still were given a room here.The second time we turned up, the room was equally disappointing and claustrophobic as the first. The only window faced out into a corridor so there was no natural ventilation and the room was incredibly hot. The bed was so narrow we only had one and a half pillows. We complained and were given a slightly larger room in the basement where the noise of the Tube was unbearable. We were then moved to an equally disappointing room in a hotel in Bayswater where the overnight noise was, again, unbearable. The pillows were also as flat as a pancake and we were only able to get one extra from reception, which we had to go and collect ourselves. To be frank, this ruined our night. This standard of accommodation and service, for the amount of money we paid, is simply not good enough, and I will not be booking a Shaftesbury hotel in future. Not even by mistake.	
Mar 27 2009 	Dumped to a different hotel	Beware, this has two listings with very different opinions.Shocking service, having booked to stay in this four star hotel, on my arrival at about 8.30pm and rather tired from travelling I was dumped with no explanation to The Hyde Park hotel in Bayswater, an even more cramped noisy and cold three star joint (which has a cheaper list price than what I paid through lastminute.com). And it took about another hour for me to get there.I had booked weeks in advance of this and was appalled at this behaviour.Don't book here, who knows where you will end up.	
Mar 27 2009 	excellent	I first want to say that the hotel that i stayed at is the Shaftesbury Premier, Paddington on 55 westbourne terrace. After reading the reviews on trip advisor i have to admit i was extremely worried. i didn't know what to expect and thought my entire holiday would be a disaster. We arrived at Paddington and found our way to the hotel, which was less then a 5 minute walk very good if your travelling by tube. My first view of the hotel was very nive, the whole street has identical looking houses, and the hotel is in the middle of all of them. 1 thing i did notice on arriving is that there is no parking, which is slightly strange for a hotel, i do advise that if you do come by car, do not park infront of the hotel as your car can be clamped. When we entered the hotel it was nice, clean. it smelt and looked very nice. We went straight to the reception desk, the gentlemen at the desk came to greet us straight away. He took my name and also told me that i would hav to pay £30, but would be put back into my account whitin a few days. he gave us our room key and told us that our room was on the 5th floor. We took the lift to the 5th floor, the lift was slightly small but we managed, even with a few other people and several bags we were ok. Me and my partner had booked a double deluxe room. We entered into our room and the first thing i did notice was the size. it was a small room it didn't really look like a double deluxe room. it did look abit cramped. The toilet and bathroom was very small, only 1 person at a time would be able to enter it. But the cleanliess was exceptional. it was very clean, the room, sheets, floor, bathtub, sink and toilet was very clean. there was a wide screen telivison, table, lamb, air-condition, toilletries, side tables with lamps. there was no mini fridge but there really wasnt any space for it. There was a cuboard which had an ironing board and also a mini safe. for a small room it was brilliant i enjoyed it. The weather wasn't very warm when we went, but our room was extremely warm. the window had safety locks on then so only minimum air would be allowed into the room, but there is an air-con. We had to use it every night. The room service was fast and efficiant. The staff were very helpful, in giving directions and basic questions. I would not recommend having breakfast as it is £15 per person. if you don't pre-book, and £12 per person if you do pre book, but even for them prices it is every expensive for me. Other then that my stay at Shaftesbury Premier, Paddington. 55 Westbourne Terrace was brilliant. it was an excellent stay and will book in the future. i am happy with my stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	Clubroom was good (other rooms looked small). Good location.	We booked this through Lastminute's Top Secret Hotels - so could not check tripadvisor before booking. We were a bit anxious after reading reviews on tripadvisor!We had requested a cot, and emailed the hotel to confirm they had got the request but did not get a reply. However, when phoning through to the hotel they confirmed they would allocate one.The staff were courteous when we arrived and explained that we had got an upgrade to a Club Room (perhaps as a cot would not fit in a standard room). Our room (016) was at the back of the hotel on the ground floor - a good sized room, with a modern and clean bathroom. The room looked out to the back of the next property - so did not have a view but was quiet and comfortable. Beds were comfortable but rather than a double were 2 singles pushed together.Breakfast was not included, we purchased breakfast elsewhere so can't comment on the hotel's breakfast.Because of other peoples experience we would hesitate before going back here, but it suited us for a one night stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	Ideal hotel for Heathrow!	In the past, I have always stayed at hotels near Heathrow when I have an early morning flight or arrive late. However, this hotel is a great find. Rather than staying near Heathrow, where there is absolutely nothing to do, it's dead easy to get the Heathrow Express either into or out of town and stay here instead. And the hotel is literally a five minute walk from Paddington - easy even with luggage. True, the rooms are small, and the breakfast isn't fantastic, but it is a full English, it is included, and if there is an offer on (there was when I stayed), it is an absolute bargain. I wouldn't recommend it for a longer stay, but for one or two nights, it's ideal. It means you can arrive and enjoy a night in London (cinema / theatre / out for dinner) or leave early, without having to stay in Hounslow or next to the airport. Staff were excellent, very friendly. Free newspapers. Very clean &amp; tidy. Great shower.	
Mar 7 2009 	Better than expected	We went in not expecting much but turned out to be pleasantly surprised. I booked SPHLP primarily due to its proximity to Paddington and the reasonable rate. I was aware of the reviews bemoaning the tiny rooms, but we must have lucked out because ours was a very good size. A quick look at the floor plan showed me that there are, indeed, plenty of very small rooms there. Of course the bathroom was quite small, too, but we went in expecting exactly what was there. The room and bathroom were both kept very clean and it was very comfortable for us.The location really makes this a fantastic place to stay. It was a short walk to Paddington where we had a quick breakfast at the express supermarket (3-4GBP total for some fruit, bread, and juice; a much better alternative than shelling out lots of money for full English) and then took off on our adventures.Overall, if you're looking to save some money and be in a good location for sightseeing, you really could do much worse.	
Mar 2 2009 	Tidy sharp close to Paddington station	This place is two blocks from Paddington Station and about a mile from Kennsington Palace in Hyde park. Loved the location and the easy access to the Tube and all of London. Room was teeny tiny (and we had a &quot;large&quot; room). Very nicely appointed and tidy, but so small it felt kind of like a cruise-ship cabin. Didnt have breakfast here but did walk down the nearby streets and had tasty food/drinks at a few close-by places. Staff was good, and bell desk was prompt when we were leaving.	
Mar 1 2009 	good value for money	After reading some of the reviews for this hotel I was a bit worried but I had only booked for one night so thought I would give it a go. The location is very good with good transport links and only a short walk to Hyde Park. The booking direct on the Shaftesbury site was easy and hassle free. Being a solo traveller you sometimes get ripped off on room rates, but as the Shaftesbury has single rooms at a reasonable rate I was more than happy with the cost. I was met at the door of the hotel and helped with my case right to the room. Check in was quick and efficient all the staff were friendly and helpful.  As has been said before the rooms are small but I had a perfectly comfortable single bed, flat screen tv, air conditioning, free safe and adequate wardrobe space for my stay, everything worked fine. If one was staying for a week or more then maybe you may think the wardrobe space a bit on the small size. On arrival I had two free daily newspapers in my room. Again the en-suite was compact but it was modern and clean and everything worked, the lighting was excellent for doing make-up etc. The shower cubicle was actually quite a large rectangle one, with two different shower heads one fixed (ceiling) and one hand held, they could only be used one at a time but I thought it was a good idea, especially if you want to shower without getting your hair wet! Check out was efficient. Overall I was pleasantly surprised with my stay and the price I paid, I would certainly use this hotel again.	
Jan 30 2009 	Beware of Breakfast!	The main reason I chose this hotel was because of the low rates. So I wasn't expecting anything spectacular. However, it still managed to disappoint. The rooms are REALLY TINY. I had a double room that was more or less the exact size of the bed. And the closet was so shallow that it was impossible to hang anything bulkier than a t-shirt in it. They had also stuffed an ironing board in there which wasted even more space. And the space between the closet and foot of the bed was so small that I couldn't remove the ironing board from the closet!They're obviously trying to do the best they can with tiny rooms as the toiletries are quite high quality and there was a large flat screen tv in the room. However, it is definitely not 4 star standard.On the second day of my stay, I decided to have breakfast . Turns out that missing breakfast on the first day was a blessing in disguise as I ended up with food poisoning! The food selection was small and &quot;hot food&quot; was all cold. Must have been unhygenically prepared too as I was sick the whole day and must have thrown up 7 or more times after breakfast. The staff were unfriendly and the cleaners are really noisy in the morning so don't expect to be able to sleep in. If you get a room facing the road, it's also going to be really noisy the whole night long.	
Jan 26 2009 	Beware of Bed Bugs!!!!	From all the previous reviews, I already expected the room to be small. Having stayed in Hong Kong and Narita hotels, I thought I have seen the smallest rooms and I was confident I would be fine in Shaftsbury. However, after this trip, I now have a new definition to the term &quot;small&quot;. I was allocated the double room 405. To be very honest, the room decor is very modern, I am just really amazed by how many things they managed to squeeze into this small room. Their furniture are all customised as they wont be able to find such small sized ones from normal shops. Their closet depth is a mere 30cm. It is really a joke! And this hotel is really the 1st hotel where they do not have toilet roll holder. I really wonder how they are given the status of 4 stars. Well, for 52 pounds a night, I decided it is all not so bad.But to my horror, we were bitten by bed bugs. I woke up and saw a squashed bug. I prayed we were not bitten much. As the day goes by, it got more itchy and I could see all the bites (in group of 3). I'm now super worried that they are in my suitcase and will infect my home.We told the front desk about it and were immediately upgraded to their club room (room 116). They didn't seem at all surprise and it just show that we are not the 1st case. The new room is not the best room as it is right next to the elevator. But at least it is of a decent size, Now it seems more like a 4 star hotel.My advice is NOT to stay in this range of hotels. (unless you are booking their clubrooms)From tripadvisor to booking.com, you will see many negative reviews. Initially, I thought maybe the reviewers were expecting too much. Now I know the hotel is really really bad. Trust me, I'm not a particular person but this is really too much to bear.Please do not stay here.Bed bugs are difficult to get rid of if they ever infect your home.Don't risk it!	
Dec 15 2008 	Okay Hotel Not Worth the Price	I stayed here in October, when I was in London on business, altough my girlfriend joined me for the weekend.I chose the hotel for the location and the seemingly well furnished, spacious rooms with a nice bathroom.This was a big disappointment, because altough I booked a Deluxe Double Room, it was hardly big enough for me alone. The furnishing is somewhat of a low-cost material. The TV only had a handful of channels you could watch and the bathroom had a very tiny shower. Although the room was clean, I expected far more from this hotel, so it was a big disappointment. The location however was fine, since it is very close to the underground in a quiet area of the city. I cannot jugde the breakfast, since I did use this service. The two computers for internet are very slow and produce errors, not useful.The staff was not friendly or helpful. The fire alarm went of twice (11:45 PM and 6:15 AM) when I stayed here and when I asked what they were going to do about this, they were very rude to answer me. Moreover, they were also rude when I asked about the size of my 'Deluxe Double Room'.I would not recommend this hotel to others. The month after this, I stayed in another hotel (Corus Hyde Park), which was much better.	
Dec 9 2008 	Rooms very small	Booked this through Last Min .com as Mystery Top Hotel, certainly was a mystery as how this got on the site, paid over 100.00 for a room so narrow only had 4 ft 6 bed, pushed up against the wall, bathroom for acrobatic very small people. Only possible to read in the bathroom as lights so dim. No hot water in first room so moved after refusing sub basement room with a shower to 405, How can they call this a Superior Room ? Asked to see Tariff when I complained and was told they did not have one as all rooms were booked out at different prices. Have complained to web site I booked it on. If I had paid the 60 to 70 charge I see they are advertising at the moment I would still have hated the tiny bed and opressive dark room	
Nov 23 2008 	Rooms Absolutely Tiny	The rooms in this hotel are tiny. Our room was on the 4th floor, there was only space to open one bag on the floor, the other was in the doorway. There was such a draft coming in the window i was full sure i was going to get sick as a result. We requested a new room for second night, new room was as small if not smaller, the size of the bed was a complete joke, a glorified single bed. The size of the rooms aside, the hotel was clean and the breakfast was nice and it was only minutes walk from padditngon but still i would certainly not stay there again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location clean and nice decor.	The Shaftesbury Premier in Paddington is in a great location, about 5 minutes walk from Paddington station and the underground network. The lobby is furnished with comfy sofas and fresh flowers. Staff are helpful, but not overly friendly. The rooms are clean and homely with large televisions, ironing board and iron, wardrobe, tea and coffee facilities, fully tiled bathroom with good shower, comtemporary wash basin and large mirrors. Towels can be slightly worn and shower curtains not fresh, but ask for new ones and they will be replaced for you.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great location	I stayed there for one night on 22nd October '08.Check in was ok, but the girl at the reception didn't speak much English!I was upgraded to a club room which was like a mini suite. I had my own balcony! Nice decor and a great bathroom.Breakfast was very good, but nothing to rave about it. The only problem i had there was no hair dryer in the room when iron was provided.Great for Paddington and Hyde Park in a quiet and nice neighbourhood.Excellent overall.	
Oct 27 2008 	Tiny room but nice	I rented a single room last minute for around 75 pound per night, which is not bad at all for London standards, considering it's a 4-star hotel.The area is great, just North to Hyde Park and at a walking distance to Paddington Station. In the area there's also a good choice of pubs, shops and little restaurant when you can have breakfast or dinner for a few pounds.The (single) room (number 301), on the other side, was by far the tiniest room I have ever been; roughly, I'd say 2.1m x 2.5 m, plus a little bathroom and a wardrobe in the wall. The furniture and the bathroom were both nice, but obviously small.All in all, it can be a good choice for 1-2 days; if you expect to stay more, I suggest to find something bigger (maybe a double room in this same hotel?).	
Oct 22 2008 	Brand new tidy clean avoid room 111	After staying elsewhere in Paddington, for a few extra pounds this was a big improvement. Clean, quiet street, although room 111 is noisy because of air ducts immediately outside window. Staff nice, PC for free internet and good value in my view.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good value small accommodation and well located	The check in process was handled by a friendly and competent member of staff. Though I arrived early, a room was allocated to me immediately.As I happerned to be in London alone, my room was a single and though very small it was certainly adequately faciltiated. The room contained a flat screen television, telephone, tea/coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board and a safe.For a renovated building the property and room I inhabited was clean and comfortable. Every staff member I encountered, bar one, was helpful and friendly. The rooms were serviced well and the breakfast was very good, in my opinion. Breakfast included a variety of teas, coffee, cereals, breads, fruit and yoghurt, choice of style of eggs, bacon, sausages, mushrooms, hash browns and baked beans.For a single room I paid eighty-nine pounds per night which I perceived a bargain for the area and type of accommodation.The property has the added asset of being less thn five minutes walk from Paddington station which houses the starting point of the Heathrow Express (15 minute) train ride to the airport. It is also about 15-20 minutes walk along Hyde Park to Marble Arch and Oxford Street etc.	
Oct 13 2008 	Modern Comfortable 	After reading all of the reviews I was tempted to cancel this hotel but I'm glad I didn't. The hotel is a 5 minute walk to Paddington station which is very convenient. The hotel itself is an old Georgian property within a residential area. The hotel reception is very modern and stylish with lots of fresh flowers and very polite and helpful staff. We had room 815 which was within basement. the room wasn't huge but it's in central London so it should be expected. The room was nicely decorated with stylish furnishings and fittings. There was a big plasma tv, a double bed, wardrobe, desk and side table, tea &amp; coffee making facillities and an ironing board. The lighting within the rooms is very snazzy. The room had fresh flowers on arrival. The bathroom was cosy but enough room for one person to do what they needed and it was very nicely tiled again with modern fittings. The rooms overall were very clean, cosy and modern. Breakfast was adelicious cooked breakfast on offer, freshly prepared fruit, yoghurt, cold meats, cheese, preserves, coissants, rolls and bread, cereal and juice. ALl tasted delicious and again very stylishly decorated. The hotel staff were very polite and provided us with a map on our arrival and there were free newspapers in our room which we thought was a nice touch. There is free internet access near the restaurant. If I had to find something wrong with this hotel it would be that the lift is quite slow but Im just being picky. Its a great hotel!	
Sep 7 2008 	Modern and good value for money	We left it until the last minute to book our accommodation so we limited with choice but at £80 a night for the room we were delighted with this hotel.The rooms were not exactly huge but big enough - they would seem bigger if there wasn't so much furniture crammed in! We had a club room which had twin beds, a desk and chair, 2 additional chairs, a fridge and microwave and a big flat screen TV. Everything was in good condition. The bathroom was modern and clean, albeit a bit small - but manageable.Easy to find as very close to Paddington tube station.	
Aug 26 2008 	Modern but small close to Paddington Station	The room was recently upgraded, room very small but modern. Flat screen TV. Breakfast was included in the rate we booked, large buffet with scrambled eggs (hard to find any where in the UK). Room had very small bath tub, hard to get in an out of. No room in the bathroom for laying down toiletries.We had requested twin beds, but none was available at the time we checked in. They said they had a &quot;maintenance problem.&quot;The staff was very polite and helpful. We arrived at 8 am and they gave us a room within 15 minutes. This was so great after the transatlantic flight!!All in all, we got at good value for the money. It was close to the train station at Paddington. I would stay here again, if I were going to London.	
Aug 12 2008 	Will definately go back	I am surprized to see so many negative reviews as we were thrilled with this hotel. We had a triple room on the second floor with a door to the outside. Beautifully remodeled and the room was quite large for England. There were fresh flowers, bowl of fruit and plenty of tea and biscuits in the room as well. We had trouble starting the TV but when I called downstairs, they promptly come up and it turns out the &quot;on&quot; switch on the side of the TV was not on. We had excellent A/C and there were 2 standing fans in the room as well (perhaps when A/C is not on as others have mentioned). There are 2 Hotels - just across the street from each other so maybe some of the bad reviews are from the other one. We stayed in 55/61 Westbourne. Staff very helpful and friendly. Breakfast wonderful. We will stay here again if back in London. Love the location close to Paddington.	
Aug 3 2008 	One of the worst hotels in the universe	I knew not to expect much because of the very reasonable price of this hotel, but it was like a nightmare. Although it has just been remodeled, our room was the size of a closet and it was in the basement!. There was a refrigerator in the room but it didn't work. The television had a short or something, it took about 5 minutes of playing with the remote to get it to turn on. You could sit on the toilet and wash your hands in the sink at the same time. The shower door was this swingy thing that didn't keep the spray out of the rest of the bathroom, so everything got wet. It was June and not hot outside but the room was like an oven. When I asked if the airconditioning was working, I was told it hadn't been turned on, yet because England was a colder country than where I was from. I'm from upstate New York! We stayed 3 nights and every night it sounded like they were rearranging the furniture right above us. One evening we came back to our room to find that the window had fallen out. When we asked for someone to come and fix it, the bellman came but he acted like we were making a big deal about nothing and why would we be upset because the window was laying on the floor in our room. The concierge offered to reserve the shuttle to Heathrow for us, but he took our deposit and never got back to us. When we asked the front desk, they said they couldn't help us. It turned out that the concierge had put our confirmation in someone else's room.	
Aug 3 2008 	Not happy	I booked this hotel for 3 nights with my parents, they came over from Australia and I wanted to take them to London for a couple of days. The hotel was close to train and tubes and the day staff were nice, but other than that I am not happy with this hotel which is meant to be a four star hotel, The A/C didn't work in my parents room and it was 29 degrees. We told the staff and they said its like that in a few rooms. We asked for it to be fixed on first day and nothing was done. Asked to be moved to another room on the second day and they said no. The best they offered us was a fan. The night staff were rude and didn't care. The bathrooms were so small that only one of you could fit and just about turn round in. It also felt like anything you asked the afternoon or night staff was to much trouble and they just wanted you to leave them alone.	
Jul 10 2008 	Okay for a short stay...	I read previous reviews of the hotel (good and bad), and decided to give it a try due to it's ideal location (close to the Paddington tube, Heathrow Express, etc.). A discourtious staff member behind the desk was an exception to the rule, as all other staff members I encountered afterwards were extremely friendly and helpful. The first room I was given was on the ground floor and extremely small, so I requested another room and was given a 5th floor room, but was warned by the receptionist that although bigger, it would be hotter (since there's no air conditioning). Although a little warm, the fan provided in the room (along with the big windows) was enough to usher in cooler air from outside (esp. at night). Positives included: good breakfast (that was to be included in my room reservation, but did not show in the computer that way... polite discussion with the front desk and my proof via printed reservation papers solved that problem), elevator (although small, does its job), nice lounge area, plasma TVs, free internet (via 2 computers near the lounge/breakfast area)Disappointments included: the fridge in my room was not in working condition, other items that my reservation stated were not initially included (after some discussions with the front desk staff, I did later receive *some* of these left-out items), before I left I payed in cash the additional fees incurred (phone calls) but my credit card was charged those fees anyway (so make sure to have all paperwork about your reservation with you and get receipts for everything!)Yes, the room and bathroom sizes are smaller than American standards, but such is typical in Europe and cannot be helped (unless you want to shell out top dollar). Despite some headaches, the hotel was sufficient enough for my several day stopover in London as most time was spent out around town anyway.	
Jul 9 2008 	no regrets!!	We stayed for 3 nights as the last leg of our European holiday. Exellent location, specially if you are leaving Sunday early morning and the only way to get to Heatrow is the Express! It get there in 14 minutes. 3 minute walk to Paddigton train station and 2 .5 minutes to the Underground! Clean rooms, comfi beds great new modern bathrooms ( we had a tub and shower). Room was small but we only slept there. Exellent breakfast!!!, worth the 12 pounds.The airconditioning was not turned on yet. Check with the hotel for summer month!! Ask for a lowel level room.Also make sure you book 55 Westbourne Terrace.Would definatly recommend it!	
Jul 6 2008 	Smallest rooms ever	We had to stay here for a night after our flight was canceled and all other hotels with good connections to Heathrow were full. Room was barely big enough for a small bed, everything was worn or broken, there is no air conditioning and you can't open the window for more than few centimeters. Staff didn't seem to know what they were doing even while handling simple requests.Hotel is clean and location is great, but that's about it. This place is best avoided unless you are traveling on tight budged and get a deal for less than 50GBP/night.	
Jun 13 2008	Great location big room and great service.	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in May and are very happy with it. Minutes walk to Paddington station: easy to access bus, tubes and Heathrew Airport Express. Big and clean room on top floor with kattle, coffe and tea. Free internet. Highly recommended! There is another hotel in the same street called &quot;Shaftesbury Premier Hyde Park Paddington&quot; a little bit further from Paddington station. Alan from Melbourne	
Apr 18 2008 	A room with a view?	The rooms are modern and clean.The tiny , stuffy, hot rooms can be forgiven. However , the atrocious service we received from the staff was the worst we have ever experienced. Pipes clanging at 6am and 2am - the second time we demanded to move and they downgraded us to a worse room. We had to drag our bags all over the hotel in the middle of the night until we were given a room with a blocked out window(see photo). Messages for us left at the front desk were not given to us. We told them we needed a taxi on a Saturday night well ahead of time and they said we should just ask when we need one, but when we asked for a taxi and they said it would take half an hour. We found one on the street in 10 seconds.Good pricey breakfast.	
Apr 13 2008 	Small but modern	Yes it's true the rooms are tiny, especially based on American standards. However, the rooms are clean and modern with very comfortable beds. Those willing to pay top dollar will no doubt get a larger room closer to the cities highlights. If your traveling on a tight budget the Shaftesbury Premier Hotel London Paddington is a good choice. It's within two clocks of Paddington station and bus stops. Purchase an Oyster card, hop on the train and be anywhere in the city within minutes. Besides there so much to see in London the room will only be used for sleeping anyways.	
Apr 3 2008 	Too Much Fluff Not Enough Basics	We booked this hotel as the last leg of our trip. We had been in London for 3 days and stayed at the Thistle Marble Arch (fabulous hotel - a great choice) and then been to Paris for 4 days. We booked the Shaftesbury for our last day in London before we were to fly home. We arrived and got a speedy check-in. We were escorted to our room through the winding hallways and corridors. We were traveling in March and it was not hot outside but it was HOT inside the hotel. We had to navigate ourselves and our bags around the left items by the cleaning service. There were bags of towels and sheets all throughout the hallways and it was very hard to get around with our bags. We got to our room and was immediately taken aback by the strong, disgusting smell of body odor. The room stunk so bad as did the linens. The room was also hot, hot, hot. They have a small fan in the room, but when your on the 5th floor, it doesn't help at all, even with the window open. The sheets on the bed are crunchy and the bed spread is not soft at all. The bathroom is nice, but try and take a shower and you are going to have bruised elbows. The only thing that worked was the hot water. I couldn't take a shower after a long day or wash the makeup off my face becasue the water was scalding hot. The water pressure in the shower is horrible, you shoudl become a pro at speed bathing if you have more than one person to shower. The location is okay. You are a little walk to Paddington Station. There are not a lot of good restaurants in the area unless you LOVE Indian food. Also, if you don't know what you are looking for, it is hard to find the hotel because it is located in the middle int he middle of a residential townhouse development. It's not horrible, but they need to spend less time and money trying to make the place look fancy and more time and money focusing on the basics like air conditioning and better cleaning supplies.	
Mar 31 2008 	OK - but not enough room to swing a cat!	This hotel is ideally situated on Shaftesbury Avenue, directly across the road from Chinatown and in the center of theatre land. Staff were friendly and efficient, the room was clean and well fitted out - but it was the smallest room I have ever stayed in - from the fire exit card (see photo) I think it must have been the smallest room in the hotel. As it happens, I was only there for (part of) a night so only spent about 7 hours there (and most of those asleep)! If I was there for longer I definitely would not have accepted the room.Breakfast was good and reasonably priced.I would stay there again - but avoid room 505....	
Mar 29 2008 	Great Booking!!	I booked this hotel for my daugher's and my trip to London based solely off of other TripAdvisor reviews. I looked at several hotels in the area, and the reviews of this hotel were the best, so I booked sight unseen. I could not have been happier with my choice.We arrived in London on the morning of Friday, March 14, 2008. We took the Tube from Heathrow to Paddington station, and embarked on the 2 1/2 block walk from the station to the hotel. The hotel is located in a row of Victorian row houses, on a moderately busy street. I booked through Expedia, so check in was a breeze. The reception staff were friendly and courteous, and accomodated our request for a double room even though Expedia had actually booked us in a single. I had asked for a smoking room, and the hotel is completely non-smoking, so the reception staff took it upon themselves to give us a room with a balcony so I could step outside to smoke. Very nice.The room was very large considering what I had expected from a European hotel. There were two twin beds pushed together to make queen/king size bed, and a couch that made up into a bed. My daughter slept on the couch the whole time we were there (10 nights) and was very comfortable. There was a plasma TV on the wall, and although the channels were limited, it served our purposes. Several BBC channels, two movie channels, a 24-hour news channel and a few others... There was also a desk available ( hair dryer was provided in the desk drawer), free broadband internet through an ethernet connection, a mini-fridge, and a shallow cabinet with shelves, a safe, an ironing board and an iron. There was an occasional table with fresh cut flowers, changed whenever some of the blooms started looking sickly - nice touch. The bathroom was more than adequate, although the shower curtain consisted of a glass panel that swung either into the tub when it wasn't being used, or out to the edge of the tub when it was being used. That was a little strange, but it did what it was supposed to do. The overall decor was really nice and inviting - we even spent two afternoons in the hotel when the weather was bad and were tremendously comfortable. The hotel's web site states that they have electric adapters (not transformers!!) available, and they do for a 5.00GBP deposit. I was leery and took my own, but no need to take yours if you don't want to, and no reason to spend a ton of money purchasing them before you leave.The only notable drawback was that housekeeping did not leave us with wash cloths. We called the front desk and asked for some, but none ever showed up. Other than that, the hotel is all it is advertised.There is a breakfast available, but we did not take advantage of it. It is 9.95GBP if you notify the desk the night before, and 12.95GBP if you go the morning of. Some others had mentioned a cafe called Raffles, right around the corner on the way to the Tube stop, and we ate breakfast there four times. Their Big Ben breakfast is the best deal we encountered on the enitre trip - a traditional English breakfast for 2.99GBP. We had other menu items, and all were great. One of the waiters there saw us walking up the street the morning we were leaving, and hollered good-bye to us from across the street!Some others had also mentioned an Italian place called Bizarro's, also right around the corner and across the street from Raffles. Good Italian food, although we only ate there once.There are several markets on that same street if you are looking for munchies, or water/soda/juices to keep in your hotel room. No ice in the hotel, as is common in the states, but the fridge was more than sufficient.We had an excellent experience with this hotel, and I would not hesitate booking there again. I understand how you can feel a little apprehensive about booking based on an online review, as I was reluctant myself. I cannot tell you enough that you are completly safe in booking this hotel!!	
Mar 20 2008 	Tiny and tired	£90 for one night for a supposedly 4* hotel....very old fashioned decor in main bedroom which was absolutely tiny - would probably suit a singe, but far too small for 2+ people. The bathroom was finished to a high, modern standard though with great shower. The room did have a very nice plasma television fixed on the wall but seemed very out of place with its surroundings! At first glance the 'balcony' seemed pleasent - however discovered it was shared with the next room - which unless the curtains were drawn was very exposed - the lock on the door leading outside was also very flimsy which was a bit of a concern.Nice, clean and fresh lobby, however staff not very friendly and rushed to serve although not busy. A vacuum cleaner left unattended by the lift with a wire left exposed which could have been tripped over - health and safety issues. Hotel needs some customer service training - a smile doesn't cost a thing!!! And definately some upgrade on the decor!!!	
Mar 13 2008 	Friendly staff in a complete dump.	Room was tiny, towels washed but stained, drainage pbs in sink &amp; bath, internet broken,Having booked on the internet, and obliged to leave before the 7am restaurant opening, I received a box with 2 rolls, a pad of butter &amp; jelly, suspect salami &amp; cheese. No adjustment possible on the £20 breakfast charge? No sir. I will never return.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great hotel for tiny people	Rooms are really like broomcupboards. My room had the aircon set to freezing, the alternative was to switch it off and endure a cold winter night in london shivering. When I arrived the window latch was broken and the window wouldnt close. Maintenance took 2 hours to turn up. The TV looks lovely but wouldnt work. The shower was lovely.	
Feb 29 2008 	Premier Surprise	Booked this on the morning we travelled for a bargain £69 for a twin double bedded room for one night bed and breakfast (full english that is), through the hotel website. We expected little for the money being so central but got a big surprise. This hotel has just undergone refurbishment. The room was fresh clean and had fresh flowers. Flat sceen tv mounted on the wall and tea/coffee/hot chocolate and even biscuits in the room. The room was a reasonable size but the bathroom was tiny. In fact it was minute. The breakfast was excellent and catered for virtually everyone with a good selection available from fruit, cereal, meats, cheeses and the full english. This hotel is literally a two minute walk from Paddington tube so great as a place to stay without having to drive into central london. We would definately return to this hotel.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great Location!	Just returned fron London and had a great experience with the hotel! I was in a triple room (which I think they call an exectutive room) and it was perfect for me, my girlfriend and daughter who is 6. We were on the 1st floor and had a door to the outside patio.The extra seating area was transformed into my daughter's bed. A bit short for adults but perfect for her. (Could easily be used by 2 young children.)The staff was very helpful especially since we are not early risers and would clean the room when we left at 2 in the afternoon.The location is perfect with a 5 minute walk to the tube or train station. Get a visitor Oyster card and travel tube and buses cheaply.Bathroom was bright and clean. Pressure could be a little better in the shower but a minor issue.Would use again!	
Feb 5 2008 	Nice refurbishment needs service training	Overview: just 2 blocks from the Paddington station tube. Near bus stops, restaurants and pubs. Pros: 1) We paid a little extra for a larger room and that was worth it. The renovation looks nice in the rooms (but seems to have been done on the cheap, I'd be wary of staying here after the next 12 months). 2) Location was very good - everything we wanted to see and do was within 5 tube stops. 3) Breakfast was reasonably good (eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes, beans, some fruit, yogurt, cereal, juice, coffee, etc) it just got boring after a few days. Maybe throw in a new dish every couple of days to keep it lively? Cons: 1) Went several days without Internet in the room. Made repeated requests for this to be fixed and asked to be moved to another room (which they said they had no others available). After 4 days, they finally fixed it. We used the computers in the business center in the intrium and they were very slow and antiquated. The wifi which is in the lobby only was also slow. 2) Had trouble with the hotel taking messages (evidently there is not a room voice mail for callers to be transfered to). Several callers said they had a difficult time getting through, and twice that the staff could not speak english well enough to take a message. 3) Same breakfast got rather boring after 5 days. 4) Maid service was ok; one day we didn't get pillow cases, another day the maid left things in our room. 5) It was sometimes difficult to understand the front desk staff for directions, etc. 6) No one seemed to care or have any idea what service means. Beyond just the staff, I sent an e-mail to the reservation manager prior to my departure asking for directions to the hotel via the tube and then for the short walk to the hotel - manager never responded. When I had trouble with the internet and finally got fed up and asked for the manager, my request was never responded to. 7) There is not a restaurant onsite (only the breakfast room), there is no bar on-site. Summary: I would rate this a 2.5 star hotel. The hotel could make great strides with improved service. I highly recommend the Levantine, a middle eastern restaurant 2 blocks from the hotel. 26 London St, Paddington. Unique, romantic atmosphere with good food.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great hotel!	Great hotel, nice staff and large room with amazing bathroom. Big, fluffy towels, comfy bed and very good breakfast. Excellent discounted rates on hotel website	
Jan 28 2008 	great if your a midget	great location, 5 mins walk from the paddington tube station.Clean rooms, however we were on the top floor and the room was TINY.....could bearly fit a double bed in it.....there was no room for anything else. Great hotel if you are a midget!	
Jan 18 2008 	Impressed To Begin with	Convenient location for Paddington, tube into central London etc. Although this hotel does not officially offer parking facilities there do seem to be a very limited number of spaces available - check with reception. Costs £20.00 per night per car.Room had been recently refurbished and had very good level of facilities apart from ........... no water! (hot or cold). We were probably just unlucky, but there was no water available in our room in the morning from 6am until after 10am, when it was just beginning to run again! It totally ruined what would have otherwise have been a pleasant stay.	
Dec 28 2007 	An OK Stay	I got this hotel via a website 'Top Secret Hotel' deal, I paid £60 for one night for a single room. The room was tiny, no getting away from it, it was minute! No good to be bigger than average body size. However, it was furnished well, and all the amenties needed. I really just wanted a bed for the night so it was ok. It was clean, bright and the staff were welcoming and helpful. Good positioning for Paddington and the surrounding area, also an area I felt safe in. Not perfect, but ok, and I would stay there again.	
Dec 27 2007	worked well	The only downside to the hotel was its size--it was quite small as with most places in the UK but it worked.Forget the flat screen TV that has no fab stations...forget the good staff...Best thing is LOCATION!! a block away from Paddington station--with trains running directly to Heathrow Airport [15-25mins only] and 15mins to oxford street. neat!price also not bad--paid 230 pounds for 4 nights	
Dec 19 2007 	Great value hotel very very nice for the price....	Paid £130 with active hotels for a 2night stay in an executive room which was great for a 4 star london hotel, even better when we checked in and found the room a nice size, lcd big screen tv on the wall, very comfy beds, and a seating area with nice couches and a desk with free broadband internet accesss....not bad at all for £130 for 2 nights! I will say we booked an executive room I think the normal rooms are the same but just without the seating area judging from pictures ive seen and are obvsiouly a bit smaller but it was onlt £20 extra for the upgrade so we went for that and were very happy! staff were nice and friendly even when we had a slght problem checking in caused by me forgetting my pin number for my card and having to use a different one but the girl on the desk was very paitent. Also the hotel has a left luggage facility which was handy for us as our train wasnt till the evening and you had to check out by 12 as per normal, we just left our bags went off into london for the day(be sure to check out the london eye and the london dungeon...both awesome attractions!) and collected them when we`d had enough...nice and easy!Also rooms nice bathroom in the room very modern and clean, maids did a good job didnt see them but they cleaned the room to a high standard and we had fresh flowers in the room when we arrived, very nice touch!As well as this I will say I aggree with one of the below reviews, the italian resturaunt round the corner `bizzarios` serves great food with great service reccomended....overall an awesome couple of days at a great hotel with a bargin price!:)	
Dec 2 2007 	Great location great value	I booked a room for me and my brother, who was visiting London for thefirst time. The hotel is very good located, less than 5 minutes walking from Paddington station. The room was small but perfect, with all you need in a weekend break. The only problem was that the window didn't close properly, so it was cold if the heater wasn't on. Tha bathroom is perfect, with a big and nice shower. All renovated recently. But the windows. I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Dec 1 2007 	Good value for price	This hotel is in a good location, only a few minutes walk to Paddington station. Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 4 nights this november. The room was very clean and had always been cleaned very well when we came back to the room after the day. The only thing that bugged us about the cleaning was that they changed soaps every day which was absolutely unnecessary, we had barely used it a few times and it would have lasted for many more days. The room was VERY small, we could hardly keep our two suitcases open and have enough room to walk around. I've heard rooms in London are small, but I didn't think it was that small. There was a nice flat screen TV with a few stations available but didn't have video on demand which would have been nice when we came home one night very tired and just wanted to relax in front of the TV. The bed was a little hard for my taste, and there wasn't much water pressure in the shower.The breakfast was ok, nothing spectacular but alright. Overall it is a nice hotel, good location, clean, looks good. Just a few minor things that could have been better. I would give this 3 1/2 out ot 5 if I could but I'll make it 4 since the grading system doesn't offer it.	
Nov 29 2007 	Be sure you book the right Shaftesbury !!!!	First we want to tell you to be sure to book correct Shaftesbury Premier London Paddington. There are many Shaftesburys, even on tripadvisor, people are confused with Premier as Hyde Park Premier and give opinions on incorrect hotel. This hotel is at 55 Westbourne Terrace (the problems travelers speak about seem to be at other addresses but on wrong hotel listing ). Anyway, stayed here a week, great location to hit trains to airport, buses throughout city, tube anywhere in city, trains to towns of Windsor &amp; Eaton, etc. Can walk from Paddington Station to hotel front door in about 4 minutes. (Cut through the Hilton Hotel Lobby at Paddington and Westbourne is two streets south). Rooms average London &quot;small&quot; but very clean, and service done like clockwork daily. Lots of warm water, we had a shower, no bath in a deluxe double. Soaps, shampoos etc all there with hair dryer, iron board, iron. Only reason we chose .....say it again ..... GREAT location. We could walk to Kennsington Palace in 10 minutes, Hyde Park in 8, or jump on the tube to other side of town at Tower of London in 15-20 minutes. Can run out to see The Queen just on the other side of The Park. Harrods 10 minutes on the tube. We took the famous &quot;black&quot; taxi of London history to Prince Albert Hall Performance for $10 US from front door of hotel. The train from Paddington to Windsor Castle was only about 25 minutes total from the hotel. People are mixed at front desk, Polish, Indian, Romanian, no &quot;Brits&quot; but very friendly and helpful for anything. One free computer with the web in very small lobby. If you are going to spend all day in room, not the place. Good, safe, clean, night sleep to hit London every day from ..... perfect. They did offer breakfast, did not try, we prefer to eat with the locals in the small cafes surrounding the neighborhood. Try the Italian restaurant Bizzaro, around the corner from hotel and ask for &quot;Joe Joe&quot;, tell him your American friends sent you. Shop all the websites, this hotel we saw as high as $262 US per night, and with a package from Lufthansa it was $147 US. Would definitely work our way around the city from here again.	
Nov 5 2007 	Pleasantly surprised!	I booked this hotel because it had the best price on Orbitz. I wasn't expecting anything more than a bed and a shower. I was more than pleasantly surprised. The hotel was clean and pleasant smelling. The room was standard twin with plenty of room for two people. The bathroom was modern and clean. The cleaning service was great. The staff was friendly. We arrived at the hotel around 9 in the morning and they were able to check up in early. It was great. Definitely recommend staying here!	
Nov 3 2007 	Could do better....	I stayed here on 31st October for one night.£70.50 for a room where you &quot;couldn't swing a cat&quot; no joking, it was the smallest hotel room I ever stayed in my life.The room was actually quite nice and on first impressions the hotel was nice. Just very badly run... They insist on you paying upon check-in (oohh, I wonder why?)In the room there was some water and a bowl of fruit, which I thought was a nice gesture. It was clean and smelled nice.Of course on the problem side there was no broadband working for me, and no apology was made for this. So, don't go to this hotel on the attraction of free broadband.Finally there was also no remote control for the TV, but reception sent one eventually.Its a nice hotel, but it seems to be badly managed at the moment!	
Oct 21 2007 	Very nice hotel	Just came yesterday back home form London and really enjoyed my stay in Shaftersbury Premier London Paddington (formerly The Hyde Hotel). I booked 6 nights via the hotelschain's website and the rate was very reasonable: De luxe twin 79 £/night, english breakfast included and the last night was free. Total sum with the tax 464,13. Bathroom was small but very stylish. Beds were comfortable, plasma tv was big, there was also a little fridge, tea &amp; coffee facilities and iron &amp; hair dryer. Room was spacious, there were 2 tables and a chair &amp; armchair. Air condition did´nt work but windows could be opened. The safe in the room did´nt work yet, but at the reception is a safe too. Rooms are equipped with free boradband.Breakfast was good althoug same every day. Hotel staff was friendly and late check-out was possible without an extra charge.The bar Eclipse was still under re-decoration.I recommend this hotel for every one: business men or tourists.Hotel is very easy to acces, by walk about 5 minutes from Paddington station and Heathrow express.	
Sep 30 2007	Okay but there are probably better options	Great location, just a few minutes walk from Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations. Postage stamp of a lobby gives a hint at the size of the rooms. Mine was a single and is the smallest hotel room I have stayed in. This is not a joke; I put the spare blanket and pillow outside in the corridor to make room to store my empty suitcase. No room temperature control - a member of staff brought me a wonky free-standing fan which took up the few millimeters of available floor space. Strange lights that generate enough heat to warm the room in the morning. No safe, just put your valuables in an envelope, hand it to the the hotel staff and hope they are trustworthy. On the plus side, the furniture and decor are fairly good.	
Nov 20 2009 	Ma neanche un 3 stelle.		
Nov 11 2009 	Ma siamo sicuri che riusciamo a stare in due in quella camera ?		
Nov 7 2009 	Bestens!		
Oct 26 2009 	Vergonzoso		
Oct 15 2009 	Sehr zufriedenstellend wenn ein wenig eng.		
Aug 17 2009 	posizione ottima ma ... pagamento anticipato!		
Jul 31 2009 	La mia prima volta a Londra		
Jun 17 2009 	sicuramente non tornerò in questo albergo		
May 14 2009 	Attenzione alle truffe!!!!		
Apr 12 2009 	Muy buen sitiobuen servicio		
Apr 9 2009 	Communication et accueil à revoir		
Mar 26 2009	Gerne wieder waren sehr zufrieden.		
Mar 2 2009 	Comoda posizione hotel pulito... ci tornerei subito!		
Dec 14 2008 	Lilliput Hotel		
Sep 4 2008 	excellent !!		
Jul 18 2008 	Bien situado y correcto en lo demás		
Apr 2 2008 	muy recomendable		
Mar 7 2008 	una scelta perfetta!!!		
Jan 8 2008 	Qualità per i tuoi soldi !		
Nov 24 2007 	Attention arnaque !!		
Nov 14 2007 	Andate al London Paddington!!!		
