Nov 15 2009 	Great location and very good value for money	The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance to the theatres and with bus stops outside. The staff are very friendly and are most helpful on the front desk with directions. The hotel is a bit dated but is kept clean. We had a room at the back of the hotel over looking the garden, it was quiet and again very clean, the room was reasonably sized for two, with a wardrobe each and a full sized bath. Would recommend asking for a garden room as there is a road at the front of the hotel which is busy. The breakfast was buffet style and was kept well stocked and fresh, was lovely. We would definitely go again a most enjoyable two days.	
Nov 12 2009 	warm friendly hotel would certainly go again	the hotel is a little dated yes BUT it is clean warm and friendly from front of desk to the catering staff and cleaners,,we had a garden room ask for one when booking no noise at all and a lovely outlook ..room furnishings bit dated but NO DUST OR GRIME... the bathroom had a full size bath even though room was not large but big enough for anyone..the bed was lovely i suffer with a bad back and woke up well refreshed ...the food was off good quality well presented as a buffet..the staff looked after us well giving refills of tea or coffee and checking you were ok the hotel was busy but all was run smoothly.....the bedroom itself was large with desk and comfy chairs to sit in and everything you could wish for..we would go again we stayed two days and it was lovely..redruthless	
Nov 10 2009 	good for the price	A bit rundown? yes. Spotty internet? yes. Lots of street noise through the window? youbetcha. Indifferent staff? yep. Breakfast? indedible (really).BUT the location is just fabulous - right around the corner from the British Museum, at the heart of the metro system - and it's clean. Beds are comfortable. En suite is small, but clean and functional. For the price, this is a much better location and value than the bargain &quot;Bed and Breakfasts&quot; over on Gower Street. I'd stay there again (and get breakfast elsewhere).	
Oct 24 2009 	Worst of the worst!!!!	Last time I came to Europe it was june and I went to Hungary for businness.I thought the worst part of my experience there was my difficulty to find people who I could communicate with. Since it isn`t very easy to find english or portuguese speakers in Hungary.... But it`s interesting how we don`t give the proper value to the positive things. Over there I stayed in a great hotel with a fair price, internet was always working, the breakfast was fantastic and the staff was really really friendly. Now I am in London, naturally surrounded by english speakers... and I couldn`t miss Budapest a drop more. At least concerning the hotel. Let`s talk about this horrible Bedford Hotel.Walls are thin as paper sheets. Breakfast is short of options, but at least the waiter is capable of smiling and offer you coffee more than once. My troubles begun 2 days before arriving, when I was trying to confirm the previous reservation I did few weeks earlier. The reservation had a mistake and I fixed the dates. When I arrived in London they gave us (me and my wife) a twin room since they were out of double. And they blamed the reservation that THEY did wrong. Fantastic. First night I slept many more inches away of my beloved wife than I would like to. But since we were so tired we tried not keep on that. Internet worked ok, and the room was awfully decorated and the place apart of noisy was smelly due to a lot of old carpet everywhere. Ok.I have never been a great complainer. Usually brazilians are not complainers.... but they trully deserve it all. When I arrived I paid 11 nights in advance. And so the nightmares begun.Second night internet didn`t work. Than it came back to work. Third night the same. On the fourth day, yesterday, it stoped working at all and till now it couldn`t come back. Everytime someone calls the reception to ask about it everytime the staff gives a horrible attitude with theirs answers like it`s not their problem. I heard literally &quot;(...) since the internet is complementary it doesn`t have full obligation to work&quot; - and the relation, as a guest, and a customer, started to gou really sour.Tonight when I came back at 8pm I asked in the reception if it came back and they said it was fine by now. When I came to the room you may guess...... Nooo, it wasn`t working. That was the edge. Came downstairs and asked for the refund of the following nights. Checking out the receptionist was again VERY rude. Asked me to sign a receipt where the reason for the refund was &quot;checking out earlier&quot;. I tried to write the reason concerned the internet, she practly yelled at me saying I couldn`t write anything else apart of that. So I said I wouldn`t write and she said I wouldn`t get a receipt. Like having the p leasure of punishing me as I should be punished more than I was already. Fantastic.... Same moment came another guest to ask about the horrible internet service. I said I was checking out earlier because of that reason, the lousy internet. Seemed like I throw holy water in the devil.... The receptionist threatened me of forcing me to leave because I approached other guest that they make suffer like they did to me. So, you can imagine that I left and looked for another hotel. Hope I have a better luck now.Please, if you had the patience to read this unhappy review, please consider staying in another place. It`s the best thing you can do to yourself. I am not a complainer, I am not a difficult guest.... this place really deserv my worst consideration.	
Oct 5 2009 	Decent Hotel	This hotel is not top price. It has a good location in Russel Square, nice and central, shops and tube station within walking distance.The rooms are old fashioned. We had a twin which was acceptable size but all fittings and decor were dated. There was some noise from other rooms. The breakfast was help yourself and was acceptable only. I would recommend this hotel if you would prefer location and price over luxury of room. The staff were helpful and the room was decent.	
Sep 25 2009 	decent hotel great location good value	Very small single room which was old, but clean. Bathroom was updated and excellent, although very small (but full bath). The bed is quite uncomfortable and is definitely a &quot;single&quot;. Breakfast is very basic and mediocre. The whole hotel is very old and not particularly updated, but clean. Fabulous location. Free wireless. I don't think I'd stay there again, but I might recommend it, emphasizing that it is good value for money.	
Sep 18 2009 	The horrid hotel	The first room I was shown (111) was just dreadful, dark, dank and musty. Its prepaid so my heart sank as I realised that I couldn't even just walk away. I looked around this dismal room and decided to call reception. They advised they had no other double rooms available but showed me a twin on the same floor (107). At least this was brighter without that awful damp musty smell that pervades so many old hotels. Unfortunately, the walls are paper thin so I had to endure endless mobile chat from two americans in the next room. Thankfully I was able to sleep once I had stripped off the nasty blanket and opened the windows wide to let in some air - even though the mattress was hard - plenty of hot water but I just couldn't face the breakfast and made a hasty early retreat in the morning. This hotel epitomises 60's hotels that have had zero investment - I wouldn't stay here again for anything.	
Aug 25 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at the Bedford for one night and found it very comfortable. I had booked a Triple room, but it was just a twin room with a roll away bed added. It was fine for the one night, but the room was quite small for 3 people and would have found it to be to cramped if we had stayed longer. The location was perfect, central to theatres and shopping. The breakfast was very nice and you can eat as much as you like. We had a room overlooking the garden and it was lovely and quiet at night. Overall a very comfortable stay.	
Aug 5 2009 	A great little hotel in a central position	Stayed at the Bedford twice this summer while visiting London for some shows. We asked for a room on an upper floor facing the back which proved to be quiet and spotlessly clean. This hotel is not total luxury but it has many great features, one of which is the pleasant garden area out the back. The staff where always pleasant and helpful and the breakfast was fine. Perhaps the best thing about the hotel is its position. It is close to Holborn and Russell Sq tubes, although we walked and used buses quite a lot. The british Museum is just round the corner and there are lots of restaurants nearby. A tip for anyone staying for 3 or more days - invest in an Oyster Card. It's great value and can be used on buses and tubes.	
Jul 29 2009	Great location superstaff	I stayed in the Bedford with my daughter ,who is a regualr guest of the Bedford , from 4-8th of July.The room was booked by a travelagency with a preference for a room on the first floor.When I checked in there was no twinroom available on the first floor.I was dissapointed but within a couple of minutes another ( much bigger) room was arranged for me.I was told we could stay there for one night and move to a twinroom the next day.The room was wonderful, two little bathrooms and a lot of space! Southamptonrow is a bit noisy but no problem at all.The next day I asked at the reception or it was possible we could stay in the room. Ten minutes later it was all arranged without problems and without extra payment! We could stay there all four nights of our stay.Really great and very kind and helpfull people there at the Bedford.One other wonderful thing about this hotel is the lovely garden where you can sit and have a beer.The location is great too, you can walk to all the hotspots London has to offer. Very close to mainstations ( Eurostar) and bus- and undergroundstations. The British Museum is round the corner.I definitly will book the Bedford again when coming to LondonThe Bedfordhotel gives you value for money!	
Jul 20 2009 	good value superb location	traveling solo, i was expecting a shoebox of a single, but was pleasantly surprised -- even the bath was larger than i expected for the pricehad a room facing the rear, which was very quiet. (there are complaints about the noise in rooms facing southampton row.)no a/c, but was cool enough that it was not an issue, and the windows opened which i prefer anyway. convenient wifi in the room. some noise from family with kids next door later in my stay. buffet breakfast is nothing special, but filling. staff was always pleasant, room and common areas always cleanall in all a good place to land in an excellent location -- i try to walk everywhere, and this hotel is so central you can take time out midday to go back to the room for a rest -- a real plus.	
Jul 15 2009 	A good hotel	A good hotel in a good lcationPROLocation - not far from center, - near tube station - bus stops just on teh other side of the roadEating and shops very closeCONSThe room on the street (1st floor) is very noisy on peak hoursSome smog smell inside the room in peek hours	
Jul 10 2009 	Happy with this well situated hotel	This really is well situated - we went to two shows and walked back quite safely afterwards...breakfast and evening meal were both above the standard we have experienced previously in more expensive hotels in London. Our room at the back was quiet, clean and the staff more than keen to help. (We are getting on a bit so the old fashioned radio didn't bother us!!) No problem at all booking in and we were luckily allowed into the room well before the alloted time. Only problem was a visitor (from the other side of the Atlantic) who was demanding - continuously - it was obvious that this upset the staff which were being targetted but at no time did this alter their approach to us - they were a credit to the hotel.Hope to stay again Activegrans Nottingham	
Jun 30 2009 	ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL !! Great Value and location	This hotel is a little gem. The gourmet breakfast (( all you can eat)) is fabulous. The front desk help was exceptional esp a young girl named Yavonne. The location was super smack in the heart of three main areas on ALL needed bus routes and right near the tube station from LHR.	
Jun 13 2009 	Excellent value for money considering location	Stayed one night after seeing Warhorse at nearby theatre.Room was spacious and clean with very comfy bed. Breakfast pretty good. Reception desk - friendly and efficient.Superb value for money for Central London.	
May 24 2009 	Memorable (for all the wrong reasons)	Bedford can be good value for money--very central and not expensive--if you come to this 1960s-style hotel (my room still had two wall-mounted speakers with controls near my bed for tuning into their centralized radio programming!) with low or no expectations. The housekeeping staff who know English can be friendly. Don't expect too much help from the front desk, one or two staff members excepted. Also know what to avoid--for example eating at their Café London which I will always remember for serving the worst salad I have ever eaten my whole life. That must count for something! On check out after three days, they charged me 50p--yes 50p--to store my bag for a part of the afternoon! I feel sorry for the porter whom I might have otherwise given a £1 tip.	
Mar 21 2009 	good value	just returned from weekend theatre break, went to see oliver which was superbhotel location is so convenient to all attractions recommend russell square station more central than holborn .breakfast in hotel very good enjoyed hot full english both morningsif you want a good hotel in bloomsbury area give bedford a try	
Mar 13 2009 	No Problems	We stayed for two nights 8th and 9th March on a deal that included rail travel, B &amp; B and one main meal. The room was clean, well equipped, and very well heated for a 3 star rating. There was a good choice of hot food at breakfast, and the standard of cookin, food preparation and presentation was surprisingly good at for the one lunch we had in their restaurant. At all times the staff were helpful and particularly pleasant in the breakfast room/ restaurant. Also the hotel was quite at night. All of this was in total contrast to the Royal National hotel that the same group ownes just up the road. That definitely is a hotel to avoid. My opinion, for the hotel are based on a 3 star rating.	
Mar 9 2009 	I caught scabies	I booked this hotel through a well known hotel booking service. Arrived late evening, so unable to move to another hotel. Staff on reception were surly and unhelpful. Room was the most disgusting I have ever stayed in. The window did not close, room was filthy and there were no sheets or duvet cover on the bed. I felt so intimidated that I did not want to leave my room again, so I slept on top of the covers: luckily it was a very warm night. A week later I came up in bites and awful itching, and my doctor said it was scabies, which she said took a week to come out. When I checked the dates it exactly matched my stay at the Bedford Hotel. I contacted the website immediately and wrote a review but they removed most of the details.	
Feb 16 2009 	Value for money great location and clean!	We stayed in The Bedford hotel for 1 night as we were at a late theatre showing and didn't want to get a cab all the way home. I wasn't sure what to expect, but was pleasently surprised with this little city hotel. Parking is provided at a small charge (for London prices) underneath the hotel. We had a Double Room on the 5th floor. It was small, clean and tidy. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was compact but had a bath shower, basin and toilet (soap and shower gel provided). Tea &amp; coffee making facilities and a TV. The room was a little hot &amp; stuffy but we opened the windows which looked out onto a lovely garden area. We were right next to the lift but heard no noise at all.We walked from the hotel to Covent Graden in about 10/15 mins for a meal and then on to Leicester Sq for the theatre.....and walked back afterwards. It was late so unfortunately the bar was closed but looked very welcoming.Breakfast was good: Buffet/self service consisting of Full English breakfast, cereals, danish pastries and toast. All served hot and with a smile. The Lounge area looked new and modern (fresh flowers) and had a lovely view out to the garden and pond area, which i imagine is a great place for a drink in the warmer weather.The reception staff were polite and friendly.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone who just needs a bed for the night and is in London for the sights/shows or shopping.	
Jan 28 2009	Good little hotel for the price	I've stayed at this hotel on four seperate occasions when visiting London.OK-if you want the &quot;lap-of-luxury&quot; then this is not the place for you. However for the price charged the hotel is clean, handily placed, good for the budget-minded traveller and let's face it when you are in London you don't spend a lot of time in your room. The price included breakfast and &quot;all-in-all&quot; I've not got any complaints or I wouldn't have had four stays.One tip is to try and get a room at the back of the hotel overlooking the garden. Those rooms are much quieter if you have the windows open, which I do, than those facing Southampton Row which can be noisy.Overall then I recommend this hotel as being good value for money.	
Jan 17 2009 	great hotel will use again	i have stayed at the other hotels that this group own[imperial hotels] but i must say that this is the nicest yet.bear in mind that it is only tourist class and dont expect all the extras and you should enjoy your stay.i wonder where all the people that have made petty complaints in some reviews usually stay because i would like to stay in some of them hotels as long as the prices are comparable. you get what you pay for,so stop your whinging and enjoy yourselves.	
Nov 10 2008	Good location nice hotel	Had 2 nights @ the Bedford Hotel in Oct 2008. Wanted a hotel with parking in city centre without paying through the nose. It seemed to fit the bill and it did. Parked in big underground car park (plenty of room) at Imperial Hotel (sister hotel) across the road. This cost about £40 for 2 days. The reception staff were friendly, as we left one helpfully came up the road after us to give us the parking voucher I`d absent mindedly left. Room was nicer than expected. It was very quiet for a city centre location, but then we faced the back, where there is a quiet courtyard with trees and shrubs. It`s a very good location for the price, within walking distance of a lot of the city centre sights if you don't mind walking.	
Nov 3 2008 	Awful Hotel booked for 2 nigts but did not stay	The first room we were shown to was tiny and had the most odd and unpleasant smell. The second one was the same. Both rooms had a general feeling of being grimey. The senior person at reception was uncaring and quite unpleasant. We were knowhere near Covent Garden and we had been told in the Superbreak brochure that it was 1/2 away. It worked out to be 20 mins. by taxi. We had booked in for 2 nights but managed to find other accomodation and left as quickly as possible with the terrible smell in our nose for the rest of the evening.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great find!	Stayed at two other hotels in the Imperial Hotels group (President &amp; Imperial) and both provided a bad experience. I was expecting the Bedford on Southampton Row to be just as bad but had a pleasant surprise! The hotel has been refurbished. The room I stayed in had a new bathroom, a very comfortable bed, and although the furniture, curtains and bed covers are not new they have clearly been given a deep clean - they smell fresh. My room was at the back of the hotel overlooking the garden and I think it's worth asking for one of these as the main road is very busy day and night. The breakfast is good and the staff both in the restaurant and reception are efficient and friendly. The only slight downside is that the room walls are paper thin but as I sleep with ear plugs this didn't trouble me. I will definitely stay at the Bedford again.	
Oct 18 2008 	Good Value	Bedford Hotel, London13th October - 16th October 2008I spent three nights with three friends at this hotel and found it very satisfactory for the price charged, allowing for the fact that it is in London where prices are high.. The room was clean, reasonably appointed and the toilet facilities in good condition with plenty of hot water. We had rooms on the third floor at he back overlooking the pleasant little garden so were not disturbed by the traffic noise, which could be a problem at he front of the hotel. The reception staff were very pleasant and helpful, we asked for an extra towel and were given two without delay. The breakfast was better than I had in a four star hotel in London last month and the breakfast room and staff were very efficiently organized by the lady in charge. I would not hesitate to stay here againE Middleton, Edinburgh	
Jul 31 2008 	Sleepless in London	As soon as we saw the building we knew it was not going to be a great stay, it looked badly in need of some TLC. However my wife said &quot;it's only for one night&quot;, so we went ahead and checked in. It was one of the few hotels that could get 5 of us in one room.The room itself was straight out of the 60's and the beds were on wheels, so every time you sat on one it rolled away. This was funny at first and then very irritating. I noticed how noisy the room was and assumed the window was open. On going to close it I realised that the so-called double-glazed windows were actually the prototypes, from when window designers were still working on them. Closing them made virtually no difference to the sound levels.We went out for a meal and I was careful to drink some very strong beer to help me sleep. This worked for about 3 hours and then the traffic noise woke me up. I then lay awake for about 3 more hours, before finally giving up the struggle and getting up. The girl on the desk, whose English was limited, either didn't understand or didn't care. The bill was 176 UK pounds. When I think that this is double what I pay to stay at the Intercontinental in Toronto I realise what a rip-off London hotels are.If you are thinking of going there take some good earplugs or book a room at the back of the property, and then don't expect too much.	
Jul 23 2008 	So bad!	I stayed at this hotel whilst being away from home on a course for my work.It claims to be a 3 star but I cannot imagine how they achieved that rating.The hotel reception area is very oldfashioned in decor and is generally quite shabby.When I went to my room I unlocked it, through the worn-looking/tampered-with key hole, which was hardly reassuring. When I entered the room I found that it reflected the appearance of the unappealing hotel reception, but I tried to overlook this fact along with the decrepit tv. I tried to hope that at least it was clean, but unfortunately I was let down by this too. There were hairs (clearly not mine!) dotted around the room and in fact I found one long dark hair once I unfolded a supposedly freshly laundered towel.I then called the porter, followed by reception to arrange for my breakfast to be sent to my room the following morning, however the person that answered both calls just could not hear me!Unfortunately my room was located at the end of the corridor so every time somebody entered the corridor from the stairwell I could hear the door slam - it was very difficult to sleep as a result of this, as well as the fact that I just didn't feel safe.If your only considerations are cost and location I would still hesitate to recommend this hotel, I'm sure a youth hostel would provide better value for money!	
Jul 7 2008 	...** Great hotel for the price / location	.... Booked in advance by my sister,,, wasnt sure what to expect.... but everything went to planinc safe car parking [chargable..] but worth it,!...SUPERB LOCATION... short walk to shaftsbury ave,,,so 20 mins tops to west end...For the price paid ,inc a very good buffet breakfast was £100 per night double room...The room was quite small but ok...and clean ...could have done with more towels and pillows [please note]And the staff , in my opinion, where great friendly and efficient....To recap .if you are after a reasonable hotel ..in all respects you could do much worse ! i have !I wouldnt hesitate to book here again...	
Jun 21 2008 	Good Value for Money	Stayed for one night in June 2008. Location is close to Holborn and Russsell Square tube stations. Room was decent size, staff friendly and helpful, and breakfast was reasonable. Overall good value for the price in central london.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great value for money hotel	Just come back from spending 4 nights at the Bedford. We found the hotel to be great value for money in a great location. You are only 5 minutes from Russell Square tube station. We were in rooms on the 4th floor overlooking the lovely garden (a rareity in London). The hotel's public areas have all been recently refurbished and immaculately clean. All staff were friendly and breakfast was good. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone and would definitely go back.	
May 8 2008 	Not very good hotel	My husband and I stayed 3 nights at the Bedford in early March 2008.The only good thing about the hotel is it's location - very close (2 minutes walking) from the subway station in the Picadilly Line. All other things importante in a hotel are not very good:- The cleaness is bad- The size of the bedrooms are ridiculous (10 sm)- During my stay there was no hot water in the bath- When you walk in the hotel reception it has a good design... but the rooms need an imediate refurbushing.- The breakfast is horrible and the employees are rude. In the dinning room, there are lack of cleaness (for example in the towels and in the plates and spoons...)I find quality/price relation very unapropriate. But... we are in London were everything is very expensive.My advise: pay a little more but stay in a nice hotel.	
May 4 2008	Not bad excellent location	We just came back from a nine-day stay at the Bedford. Yes, there are many better hotels in London but for the price of 90 pounds for a room located just steps from Soho, the Biritish Museum, Aldwych, the river, with a bus stop at the door - can you do better?Staff were friendly, breakfast reasonable, water hot, but the bed narrow and only eight channels on the tv or ten if you speak German and French. Restaurants and pubs galore, Sainsbury's nearby - just ask for a room looking to the little garden.But when you come to london to see the sites, do you need more?	
Apr 26 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	I was in London for 3 days, and found that this hotel great. I was told that it was really close to the Russell Square tube station, but had difficulty finding it, and was unable to find anyone who knew where it was. When I arrived I was apprehensive as the external appearance of the hotel is less than attractive, but found the service at check in quick and friendly. My room was small but lovely, clean with a decent bathroom. The continental breakfast that is included in the price is more than adequate, but they are able to serve you the full English breakfast for a small extra charge. The housekeeping staff were effecient, though I was not impressed that although I had left the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on my door so that I could sleep in before my flight that afternoon, and they came in anyway. The porter was great an allowed me to store my bags for no charge after I checked out so that I could go and get a coffee from Starbucks (directly over the street!) and then hailed me a cab to take me to the train station.I would recommend this to anyone who was looking for a comfortable, no frills stay in central London.	
Apr 22 2008 	Terrible experience!!! (We were stolen at the hotel room)	When: 2008 April 07 to10.Idea: Bed and breakfast.Bed: We got a reservation for a double room (my wife and me) but we received a twin room and when we asked for the correct room our complain wasn't well received by the reception staff very rude and full of cinism.Breakfast: the worst breakfast we found at our Europe trip (the continental choice is very poor and the English choice was very bad regarding some other guests)Main problem: We were stolen at the hotel room! When we arrived from a sight seeing day we found our suitcases and backpack with the padlocks broken, and inside it everything was moved, total mess. So we immediately checked our belongs and somethings were missing. We informed the reception responsibles and we went to the nearest police station.The hotel did nothing to help us and it is a very insecure place.If you have no other choice to stay, please be careful !!!	
Apr 21 2008 	Old but clean and staff is friendly	I stayed at the Bedford for one night in April and agree with those posters who found the hotel clean and good value for money considering its excellent location. Admittedly, I was lucky being given one of the renovated rooms (a colleague stayed in an unrefurbished room and the difference was...smelly), and therefore have nothing to complain about. The room size was decent (for London), it was clean and I found the breakfast ok. The reason I rated this hotel as 'above average' is due to the staff, they were incredibly friendly and helpful. We had an incident of a stolen bag, in the city centre, away from the hotel, and although the hotel had absolutely nothing to do with it the night staff on the reception went out of their way to assist were they could, making phone calls, trying to calm my colleague down etc etc, none of which they had to do. I stayed in London before and always found the polite coldness of hotel staff remarkably uncomfortable, especially when compared to hotels outside the capital.I would recommend this hotel for its convenient location and relatively good value for money if you're not looking for something fancy and special.	
Apr 1 2008 	Very Good Value for Money	After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor I was a little worried what we might find at the Bedford Hotel, but having been recommended to us by friends in the past, we were sure it would be fine. The hotel is undergoing some refurbishment floor by floor - we could hear drilling noises below our room, but because we were out during the day it didn't bother us. Our room was on the 3rd floor overlooking the gardens at the back. It was quiet, clean and appears to have recently been refurbished. The bathroom was small but adequate and beautifully tiled. The TV was old, but worked but we weren't in London to watch TV. The reception, dining room and residents lounge were all modern and bright, as was the hotel bar/cafe, which was open to non-residents. The staff were polite and efficient. There were complimentary newspapers in reception each morning. Breakfast choice (we chose continental) was more than enough, with plenty of tea and coffee served to your table when requested. This hotel in Southampton Row is in a perfect location to walk to Covent Garden and the Strand area, although there are two tube stations (Russell Square and Holborn) within a short distance if required.The hotel does have its own car park which is chargeable.In our experience, we couldn't have hoped for more - very good value for money.	
Jan 24 2008 	Friendly but not fantastic	I stayed here a few nights ago, before an exam. Staff at reception were really helpful and friendly. My room was very small (even for a single) and reeked of paint. Even though it had just been redecorated, the whole decor of the room was very old fashioned, and the windows rattled all night in the wind. Walls were paper thin....I could hear a guy next door in the bathroom.....Despite the room not being good, the Bedford isn't that bad. The location was good and the breakfast was quite nice.	
Dec 20 2007 	Good value in a modest hotel	I have very low expectations of UK hotels. They are usually overpriced, undersized and staffed by incompetent and unhelpful people. Someone from the US probably wouldn't grasp what an exception the Bedford is.Rooms are a decent size with plenty of closet space. Free wi-fi -- an almost unheard of treat in the UK. Usually can cost up to $20 per night!Furniture is a little worn, but comfortable and the room was clean.Staff were friendly and helpful.Location great for central London, close to Tube and bus stops.By UK standards, very good value for money.	
Dec 15 2007	Not bad	Check in was not a problem and a room facing the garden was accomodated. Food - ask Yvonne for suggestions. I enjoyed every suggestion that she made. Yvonne is also very helpful. The english breakfast at the hotel was not bad ... enough of a selection to start your day off.Room - basic and clean but redeeming feature was access to WiFi to catch up on emails.Location - was the best feature. Good restaurants nearby; Covent Garden 10 minute walk; shopping 10 minutes to Oxford street. Underground close by.Value for money - I did receive value for money.	
Dec 3 2007 	central location helpful staff pleasant stay	Stayed at the bedford hotel recently when me and my girlfriend spent a couple of days in london to see the tutankumun exhibition and the terracotta warrior exhibition, we were a bit dubious after reading some of the reviews on trip advisor. however on arrival found most of the concerns unwarranted,yes the facade is dated, but no more than those around it. Requested a quiet non smoking room and was given a room at the back overlooking the garden, with quite a pleasant outlook,staff were polite, friendly and couldnt do enough to help,even going out in the rain to hail us a taxi! found the hotel to be clean and not too shaby or dated, the room was spacious and clean,altough the beds and pillows were pretty hard,and as in most hotels the walls were paper thin.But for convienence its hard to beat being close to both holburn and russel square tube stations,on a road with plenty of places to eat,and close to alot of the major attractions such as the british museum. Was plesantly surprised and would definately go again.	
Dec 2 2007	Great value	A really great little hotel. The location is wonderful with a bus stop right outside the door. The room was very clean and the staff was wonderful. The restuarants in the area are great bargins.	
Oct 14 2007 	Horrid place!	I honestly could not tell which bothered me more: finding the interior of my room so stinky, dusty and filthy and my bathroom in such an absolutely disgusting state (toilet not even flushed, let alone cleaned, after the previous occupant) or seeing the rudeness and cinism of the staff when I complained. If this hotel were located almost anywhere else in the world they could only dream about charging people 90 pounds for this disgrace. Hotel Metalurg in war-torn Bosnia 15 years ago is a five star experience compared to this!	
Oct 11 2007	Totally Satisfied	Stayed at the Bedford for 3 nights at the end of September and for one night a week later in October. Rooms were small but comfortable, baths were older but clean and plenty of hot water. Staff friendly and accomodating. Had free wireless internet and staff moved me to a room with good internet recpetion when the room I was first given had a weak signal. Both stays I was allowed to check in to my room in the morning, which they do if the room has been cleaned and is available. This is a nice comfort if you have just flown across the Atlantic all night and arrive early in the morning. English Breakfast was included each morning and it was adequate and a nice opportunity to meet others that were staying at the same hotel. Excellent location two blocks from the British Museum, two blocks to the Russell Square tube station and walking distance, on a pleasant day or evening, to Covent Garden and the West End.I have stayed in much more expensive hotels in London that I liked less. For a &quot;Budget&quot; hotel in London the Bedford is quite good and I will gladly stay there again.	
Sep 6 2007 	I can't complain for the price and vicinity ideal location	Although I had read some negative reports on this hotel, I decided to book anyway as it is so conveniently situated, really near to Leicester Square, Picadilly, etc. The price £72 for a double room one night with breakfast was not bad and I did not expect any frills for a 3 star hotel.We arrived in the morning at 9:30 prepared to leave our luggage and go sightseeing. How surprised we were when they checked us in and we were able to go to our rooms.I asked for rooms away from the road side and we were given rooms overlooking the garden without any problem.The staff was very efficient, there was never a queue at the desk, they were friendly so we had no problems.The price £72 for a single room/£97 for a double one night with breakfast was not bad and I did not expect any frills for a 3 star hotel. The room was OK, you could open the windows, depending if there was a party nearby it could get noisy. I knew the bathroom was tiny and that you had to fight with the curtain but these inconveniences were little as long as everything was clean.Breakfast was a buffet with a choice of two juices, cornflakes and the usual muesli collection, eggs fried or scrambled, bacon, the usual unhealthy looking white bread and toast and on the second day I saw some soft brown bread. Fruit was the conserved ones. No joghurt or cheese. I was quite content with this as I did not need a big breakfast. The breakfast was airy and bright with a view of the garden. Excellent quality was its vicinity near to everything. The buses stopped almost in front of the hotel. It was between Russell and Holburn station. After a day of touring, we got back about 5pm showered had a catnap then we were off again for the evening entertainment.	
Jun 29 2007 	Truly Awful	This is truly the worst place I have ever seen. We booked a double bed and arrived only to have the very rude and dismissive staff tell us we would have a room with two twin beds. The halls had trash in them, the whole place smelled like mildew and smoke and the room was downright horrible! A Motel 6 was better!There was a terrible, loud sound permeating from the room above us and it was absolutely awful. We lasted 5 minutes before we decided to move to another hotel. Do not stay here. It's not budget, it's bad (and the staff acts as though they do not want you there anyway).	
Jun 21 2007	London's worst	I wirtting this review from jail after shooting the travel agent that recommeded this dump.........just kidding!But staying at the Bedford .........the jokes on you.I wouldn;t even consider this flea hole if they paid me to stay there again.3 stars my behind,,,,,,,,doesn't deserve to be rated.Staff - unproffesional and not freindly, the entire hotel and rooms stink of terrbile odors, breakfeast - TG for the Starbucks accross the street, beds - my jail mattress is more comfortable,good location...............but, abosutly send your mother in law to stay there on a romantic getaway with Osama Bin Laden.	
Jun 20 2007 	Gem for budget travellers!	There is not much I can fault the Bedford on. I wasn’t expecting luxury for the price and location, but what I did get in return was a comfortable and friendly hotel. The location was brilliant for people who want to explore London’s sites. I would recommend www.walkit.com, which offers great walking guides around the city. You can see on the site just how accessible everything is by foot from the Bedford. My husband and I saved quite a bit of money walking rather then paying for the tube.The bedrooms are roomy and comfortable. Contrary to the Gentlemen’s comment below I found I had an abundant supply of shampoo and shower gel. I would also have to disagree with this comment concerning the House Red Wine. I’m not sure if hefound himself with a bad bottle but we thoroughly enjoyed it, and are quite looking forward to drinking it on our return visit!I found also that booking through the hotel directly can also save you money. www.imperialhotels.co.uk. Overall I would not hesitate in recommending the Bedford . It has friendly staff, comfortable rooms, a great location and an even better price. I hope you all enjoy your visits to London as much as my Husband and I did!	
Jun 10 2007	It is Value	Location – Five / ten minute walk from Euston / a couple of minutes from Russell Square Tube &amp; on major bus routes to Waterloo. In the evening if you want to make your way to Covent Garden it is about 20 minutes walk or a £5 taxi ride. In all a good location Parking Surprisingly for a budget London centre hotel there is underground parking – never used it myself so you had better check if this is important to you. The building –. I would say late 1950’s infill block on Southampton Row. . The hotel has five floors – on the round there s the reception / bar &amp; lounge &amp; a small conference room. Condition of décor is OK – but it could do with some updating but it is clean to be fair you would go to the Bedford for value &amp; location rather than architectural beauty. Reception &amp; Public areas – A welcome feature of the Bedford is the rather nice garden to the rear – this opens from the pleasant lounge area. The restaurant is very simple but is roomy. &amp; clean. The corridors could do with a re-carpet &amp; the décor is need of lifecycle update. The Bedrooms – Braise yourself – you step into the 1970’s – the single rooms are long &amp; narrow with a ‘cabin’ feel to them. The bedside switchgear controls lights / radio/ TV – the speakers are built into the curtain pellet – as I say 1970! I have always found the rooms clean – a couple of colleagues have made negative comment but I would say for a night or two it is fine. The double rooms are a good size – so given the budget price suggest you ‘treat’ yourself. A plus of all rooms I that the windows open. The bathroom – A bit small – but clean. Shower is above the bath. Only soap provided so bring your own shampoo. Food – Only ever had breakfast there, which is good. The lady in charge of the breakfast service is very efficient &amp; her team are walking around all the time clearing tables &amp; filling cups. I have stayed at some of the best hotels in London &amp; I have to say the service in the Bedford Restaurant (for breakfast) would put others to shame. The only negative comment on Food &amp; drink is the quality of the house red wine – it is terrible so stick to he beer!Staff – I have been using the Bedford for about a year – staff turnover seems low – the reception people are very helpful, I have already mentioned the restaurant lady The housekeeper I believe has also been there a considerable time. In all you are well looked after. Over all – the Bedford for under £80 a night is OK for a couple of nights on business – you would not go your honeymoon there. It is part o the Imperial group who have larger hotels in the area – The Imperial / The President &amp; the Royal National. I believe Bedford guests can use all the facilities (including Swimming) of the other operations. I think the Bedford represents excellent value &amp; provides good service at this end of the market. Tip – Book a room at the back over looking the garden – or high up if on the front / bring your own shampoo &amp; don’t drink the house red wine.	
May 18 2007 	What an experience	During Sept 2006 my wife and I visited London for the first time and was a little apprehensive. The flight out of South Africa arrives early in the morning and unfortunately we were not allowed to check in. We stored our luggage (at a fee) and hit the streets. Later on we were given a double room with a garden view (as requested) although it was right next to the elevator and this was very noisy!! Fortunately the people above us left their water running, our room was flooded and we were VERY prompted given another room. Here I must compliment the staff at the frontdesk. Our new room was a twin but perfect in all aspects - again with a garden view.We never ate anything other than breakfast as there are so many good quality restaurants in short walking distance. The breakfast is to be polite &quot;hitting the spot&quot;. Nothing more and nothing special. We did have a chuckle over the Chinese lady who runs the room like a military bootcamp and the guests are her soldiers. You have to see the humour in this!! The front desk staff is very helpful and friendly with the exception of one gentleman who obviously missed his real ambition of an undertaker. The rooms and the general public areas are clean. We had friends who stayed up the road at one of the sister hotels and they complained about the constant noise. The Bedford is quiet except for the one night when the people in the building adjacent had one heck of a party.The hotel is very conveniently situated close to the Russel Square tube station. From there no place in London is too far with a day pass on the Underground. Being from South Africa we obviously found walking around at night extremely safe. A number of good quality restaurants in the area and for the traveller there's a Bureau de Change across the street.Overall I'll recommend this hotel to anyone not too fussy or used to being in the lap of luxury. It is a good value hotel and it provides everything you want and expect when you are on holiday. In fact this will be the first place I'll consider for my next visit to London.	
Apr 18 2007 	Value	Stayed at hotel Bedford as part of a 'Superbreak' hotel/travel/theatre package for Sound of Music (you must go if you can, it was fantastic). Hotel fairly good, staff in general fairly good. Breakfast very good. You get what you pay for and I would stay again for a short break, however, my only reservation was the evening meal. The waiter served a bottle of white wine which had never seen any form of cooling, and when asked provided an ice bucket. The food was not good really, my wife's chicken had been cooked for some time and was very dry. My steak which was over cooked was replaced for one that was well done although asked for medium rare. A lady on a nearby table sent her burger back because it was raw in the middle.It is a pity that the lady who is in charge of the breakfast operation isn't used in the evening, she runs a very efficient ship.I would request a high rear room as the road at the front is fairly busy. Plenty of pubs etc nearby and just a short walk to Holborn or Russell Square underground.Overall, fairly satisfied and would stay again but wouldn't eat in the evening.	
Mar 29 2007 	70's revival	The bedford is a reasonable base in a prime location for public transport. You are 4 min walking from Russell square tube, and 6 min from Holborn. The hotels public areas are shiny and modern. The hotel room I stayed in was firmly in the 1970's, BUT in the classier end of the 70's. A few of the reviewers commented on the comedy built in consoles, personally I found speakers built into the pelmets quite amusing, the switch to transfer the radio music to the bathroom highly amusing; the important point to note is that this hotel is dated, not worn out; the maintenance people here must be doing a damn good job. I found the breakfast perfectly ok for a 3 star hotel; continental do not get croissants, but do get danish (quite a reasonable danish selection).I would avoid the toast it tastes like cardboard. The staff seem curteous and friendly; the hotel room keys are substantial; I can normally wander off with a bit of metal/wood, these could be used to build bridges with. The standards of cleanleness are ok, room for some improvement I would say, ie they dust where people would normally look. The hotel locale I would consider safe at night, a fair few restuarants in the area; represents good value for money overall.	
Mar 1 2007 	I'd go back!	Went for weeekend break 22 feb- 26 feb. On arrival i was greeted with friendly staff, i asked for a room out the back and the receptionist smiled so she must get this often and i'm glad i did as i would imagine its quite niosy in the front.Double bed room was ok, its a bit old fashioned but who cares when your only going to be there to sleep. Room is not huge but its big enough for 2 people and the room is clean which is very important. Room was warm but no sign of air conditioning for those going when its really hot.Its cheap and cheerful for London as other hotels are very expensive and the location was excellent, 5 mins from metro and very walkable for those who go for a late late drink.I would recommend this hotel for people who don't have loads to spend on the top hotels and are going to london to see london and not spend all of it in the room.	
Jan 21 2007	Ok	Stayed at the Bedford for 2 nights from Jan 5th \Jan 7th.Really nice , clean , spacious twin room.Breakfast was quite good, ( be careful, you have to pay an extra 4 pounds for English breakfast) continental breakfast is included, but for some, English isn't. I don't know why. Best to ask first.One of the reception staff, a male, wasn't very friendly, but the others were really nice.I recommend the Bedford, and great location. Have agreat time.	
Dec 10 2006 	Back to the 70's	Having just stayed at the Bedford, I've looked at the other reviews and can''t recognise the room I stayed in. It may be that we had single rooms, but they were small, extremly dated with furniture. consoles from the 70s, dirty curtains and, being at the front of the hotel very noisy from the traffic on Southampton Row. The bed didn't feel too secure either. The bathroom was a reasonable size, but the shower had an old style mixer tap above the bath and the temperature was difficult to control.On the plus side, it is very conveniently located with it's own underground car park and the breakfast was OK.Not having stayed in Central London for quite some time I don't know how the alternatives compare, but at £71 per night it was at least reasonably cheap.	
Dec 2 2006 	A well located and most pleasant hotel for a week's stay	We enjoyed our first visit to London in the fall of 2005 so much that we planned to return the next year. This time we checked &quot;Trip Advisor&quot; for reviews of the hotels offered with our airline package, and chose The Bedford with its full included breakfast. From comments on &quot;Trip Advisor&quot; we requested a rear facing room on a lower floor. As our room faced out to the Garden it was relatively quiet even with the windows open. We appreciated being on a lower floor when the fire alarm went off one morning about 5:30 am. After a day or so we got used to our room key being at the end of a long rod that you deposited with front desk when leaving the hotel. We also checked our passports and cash into a depository rental at the front desk. If you lose the safety deposit box key you are charged 150 pounds. When the fire alarm went off that key was our first concern. Our room was comfortable with a fairly spacious bathroom. A minor annoyance was the flimsy shower curtain that tended to blow in on you when the shower was running. Also, for all the available space, can't understand why they only had one towel rack with four towels squeased onto it. We usually had a hearty breakfast in advance of our sight seeing. We called our Filipina hostess at breakfast &quot;Our Lady of the Morning&quot; for the friendly way she had of seating everyone. She told us as she had to move 240 guests through a 60 seat dining room each morning, she had to be pleasant while really being efficient. On this visit we concentrated on learning the bus routes. Nearly all of the London buses pass within a block or two of the Bedford which was great. As sightseers sitting on the upper deck of a bus we were happy with being slowed down by congestion. My wife enjoyed her shopping on Oxford Street. We usually walked one way, and returned by bus with our shopping in a back-pack. A note of caution to fellow travellers ... think twice about buying heavy books and shoes as they can easily make your check in luggage overweight when you check in for your return flight. Surcharges can really be expensive for overweights. As Vancouverites we enjoy Chinese &quot;Dim Sum&quot;. London's almost hidden China Town was a twenty minute walk from the Bedford with a reduced price on Dim Sum from 2:30 pm to 5 pm. We also enjoy Japanese and East Indian Food which were available in the many restaurants and pubs within a few blocks of the Bedford. A well stocked Sainsbury super market was also within a few blocks of the Bedford. Being adjacent to London University and the British Museum makes for very interesting surroundings. Just as well as our room TV didn't seem to have many channels. But it did have &quot;Coronation Street&quot; which runs in Canada 9 months later. Now it seems like an almost religious experience in knowing the future lives and deaths of Corno so much in advance. While not luxurious, the Bedford completely suited out needs. The front desk people were very helpful. Our room was clean and well maintained. Our package included &quot;Hotel Link&quot; from Gatwick Airport via the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station and then by mini-bus to the hotel. As we listened to our fellow travellers being picked up from other hotels by the mini-bus on departure, we seemed to be the only ones with no complaints. Which is not a bad testament as to our week's stay at The Bedford.	
Oct 13 2006 	Simple Friendly Staff Super Location Good Value!	Stayed for 2 nights in Sept 2006:Pluses:- Location location location! Fab part of London!- Lobby - airy and lots of glass for people watching!- Friendly staff - cheerful and helpful!- Breakfast was fine and better than expected! Although a £4 supplement for Full English.- Twin bedroom was spaciousMinuses:- Bathroom was basic and could have been a little cleaner- 11:00 AM checkout- No A/C (ok in winter but probably terrible in Summer)- False fire alarm at 06:30 HRS!Overall - I booked this hotel at very short notice and having scoured the tripadvisor pages decided this was the best option available to me. I paid £90 for a twin room inc breakfast. We were given a lovely room at the front with views up and down Southampton Row. This could work out a bit noisy if you are a light sleeper because it is likely you will have to open the windows most of the night. I loved it because it was all the hustle and bustle of London.Directions - from Gatwick get the Gatwick express train into London Victoria (£25 return fare). At victoria buy a day ticket for zone 1+2 on the Tube (£4.50). Catch the tube to Green Park (one stop) and then take the piccadilly line 4 stops to Holburn. Come out of the station - turn right - cross the road and walk straight ahead along Southampton Row. The hotel is on the left hand side after about 5 minutes walking.Great wee find!	
Sep 12 2006 	good for business	It was my second stay in Bedford hotel for 4 nights. It's good for business trip. Central located. Room was clean. But breakfast is poor (like in all english hotels under 3 star).	
Jul 19 2006	Decent value hotel		
Jul 5 2006 	straightforward hotel		
May 29 2006 	Great value		
May 1 2006	Great location at an excellent price - but only for two.		
Jan 2 2006	Very decent hotel		
Oct 27 2005	Good Value Good Location (repeat customer)		
Apr 5 2005	Nice hotel		
Dec 4 2004	Nothing Special - But Decent Price		
Nov 9 2004	A very friendly good value hotel!		
May 23 2004	room okay breakfast disappointing		
May 23 2004	?????????????????????		
Oct 17 2009 	Hotel muy correcto		
Jul 22 2009 	Seguro que repito		
Jul 18 2009 	Céntrico y funcional		
May 17 2009 	??????????		
Feb 25 2009 	Hotel normal bien ubicado		
Dec 26 2008 	La Colazione all'Hotel Bedford...molto meglio fuori		
Nov 22 2008 	??????????		
Jan 1 2007	bien para su precio		
Nov 27 2006 	Bon rapport qualité/prix ("single") à Bloomsbury		
