Aug 17 2009 	Beware - Miserable place	The most miserable hotel I have ever seen and could stay in. It was very unfortunate that I had not read the reviews of the tripadvisor before I booked this hotel. The website is well fabricated to attract people but PLEASE DO NOT BELIEVE what is on the website. I can call this place anyhow but not a HOTEL, because this is really not a hotel. I would say even a dormitory would be more comfortable. I am an easy-going person and am far from fastidious and I have travelled a lot around the world and stayed in many places. However this is the first time I have to write the review just to PREVENT PEOPLE FROM STAYING IN THIS FILTHY PLACE. I will not speak about the service and reception and helpfulness of the personnel because even if it was the worst in the world, however all the other things just ok, I would never write this review.The bathroom: It says they have an en-suite private bathroom?? Absolute Rubbish... The bathroom is just a box inside the filthy room and it does not have a ceiling. Unbelievable… The bathroom does not have a ceiling... So, if you plan to stay there with a girl-friend or children, be careful not to feel ashamed in the toilet due to certain sounds. Or if you take a bath be sure the water is not hot enough, otherwise the whole room will be in steam. Or in case you want to toilet during a night when others are asleep, do not turn on the light in the private bathroom, because you will awake everybody in the room. It really does not have a ceiling. They placed just one towel per person in a double room. This means that a single towel must be used for everything - to dry one's face, legs, body and other parts - really the first time in my life - one towel for everything. They placed just a small piece of soap for two people with a kind word &quot;Welcome&quot; written on it - probably to emphasize a &quot;great hospitality&quot; of the hotel. They did not even place a small bottle of shampoo let alone shower gel, etc. There is neither bathtub nor a cabin inside the ceilingless bathroom and there is a tiny wash basin - I would say the smallest in the world. I really mean it! I am not kidding! That is all about bathroom. The room: Dirty, dusty. There is actually no dust in London streets however I was amazed to see so much dust in that room. The cups were placed dirty - unbelievable. No air conditioning, just a small fan to relax when hot. The curtains and the bed cover in stains, so it was actually disgusting to touch them. The floor is in crumbs and dirt, so no way to walk barefoot. I was lucky, I was calmed a little by my wife and she kept telling it was just for two nights. We actually only slept there and tried to be out of it the whole day. The Breakfast: Location in the hotel next door in the basement. The breakfast was disgusting. Not really anything to eat. You will be approached by a young lady and she will ask you what you want to eat. When you choose something, she says: &quot;We don't have this, but we have something else&quot; and there is actually no other choice. And you are lucky if you do not see insects crawling on the table. The funniest thing happened on Sunday morning when she actually asked what we wanted to eat. I just asked for an egg and she said on Sunday they serve continental breakfast which is actually toasts and croissants, and she asked to choose one... So on Sunday they take the whole sum of their normal rate per double room 75 Pounds and they serve continental breakfast containing of toast, filthy croissants, and jam. Ridiculous... We ran away from this place. When you get into the rooms you will understand why you are actually requested to pay the sum of the whole stay upon arrival. And that is not cheap; it is 75 Pounds per night for double. I would not pay even 20 per night if knew all of this in advance. For this money you can find much much better comfort in London and for a little more just what is really convenient. I did not tell anything to the hotel personnel or owners because I was afraid they would steal our stuff just for revenge. I mean it, I even thought about this and tried to be careful and to bear with it. The nights were awful. The noise was all around. The clap of the neighbouring door just shaked our room door and it seemed someone trying to burst in. Horror… PLEASE KEEP AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. SPEND YOUR MONEY WISELY. DO NOT BECOME VICTIMS OF THE SIMILAR EXPERIENCE. THIS HOTEL NEARLY SPOILED THE WHOLE OUR HOLIDAY. JUST THANKS GOD, MY WIFE UNDERSTOOD THE SITUATION. HOWEVER I FELT LIKE AN IDIOT. STILL I CANNOT FORGIVE THIS TO MYSELF.	
Aug 9 2009 	Filthy Flea Pit	We booked this hotel because the pictures that were advertised on the internet were very clean and homely. On arrival after being charged we were shown to our rooms. Our room was barely big enough for the double bed one of us had to sit on the bed when the other was getting ready there were bugs in the bed curtains were filthy only one small towel between two. The bathroom was disgusting. PLEASE PLEASE DONT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!	
Jul 20 2009 	Terrible - Just Terrible!	We spent 100 pounds per night ($200 Cdn) for a filthy rat trap of a hotel. It was such a disgusting hole, I don'tk now how I could ever fully describe it fittingly. It looked like the carpeting had been reused from another building. It was totally filthy. There were different colours every 3-4 feet and there were even large holes beneath the carpeting. Our bed frame had been made out of a couple of pieces of wood that was actually room panelling so not structurally safe (least of our concerns) The shower flooded the entire bathroom which was also filthy. No toilet seat which actually became a problem as there was no place to put toiletries. We had to take a drawer out of a delapilated cabinet to hold our shampoo etc. Noise all night long from what appeared to be the Taliban like people who ran the place. Women shouting and kids crying all night long. I have never written a review before as we are pretty easy going and have traveled extensively throughout the world and understand cultural differences but this was not cultural it was neglect and accumulated filth from people who couldn't have cared less about it's customers. Long story short - run, don't walk from this place!!!	
Mar 23 2008	This Camelot Hotel is not as advertised	This hotel seems a quaint little family run place in the advert. It is not. My sister and I stayed there this month for two nights. Our room did not look like the rooms advertised on the hotel web site.On arrival, there were 4 men siting in the very small foyer/reception area. None seemed to speak much English, although the guy on reception did seem to speak an acceptable amount of English. Our room was in the basement, it was tiny, dark, L shaped with a en -suite shower room. We were next to a disused dining room, that had a pile of laundry and a used mattress on the floor. The door into the hotel back yard was open throughout the day and night. I did close and lock it but it was opened again. The yard was not open to the street, but it didn't feel safe with the door open 24 hours a day. Our view was of another laundry room across the yard, which was tiny. Fire instructions were non-existent in the room.On the morning of breakfast, we were told to go &quot;next door, next door&quot;. Breakfast was in a tiny basement room in a hotel two doors up the road! There were only Middle Eastern men sitting in this room. The tables were arranged canteen style, with plastic wipe clean table cloths. More like a &quot;greasy spoon&quot; than a London Hotel. There was a friendly lady serving the breakfast. In fact, she was the only female we saw at the hotel (s) over the three days. Apart from this lady, who we saw once, the hotel staff seemed dis-interested. We did not eat there again as my sister felt uncomfortable in the &quot;Middle Eastern male&quot; dominated hotel. We basically only slept in the room as we could not wait to get out of there in the mornings. The room itself was clean, although not tastefully decorated. The stairway and hallway smelled damp. The net curtains needed a wash. We did ask for another room, to be told that there were none available. I paid £150 for two nights at this hotel. In future, I will pay a little extra to stay at one of the major hotel chains in order to get what is advertised. Stay at the Camelot Hotel, only if it is the best you can afford and if you only want a place to sleep. Although, I am sure that you will find somewhere better if you look further.	
Jan 4 2008 	Absolutely Disgusting!! Do Not Stay Here At Any Cost!!!	Where do i begin???? I booked this 'hotel' 4 weeks in advance directly with the owners via their website. We only booked to stay one night (new years eve) and we are SO lucky that it was only the one night because our expereince was absolutely terrible!!We arrived at the 'hotel' at 4pm to be told that our room was in a neighbouring 'hotel' that the owner also owned. I was immediately concerned- especially when the neighbouring 'hotel' looked even more awful than the first! We went up to the room and were faced with a disgusting state of a room. The bathroom was filthy and the carpet looked as though it had not seen a vacuum cleaner in months, the walls had strange brown marks all over them, THE NET CURTAIN WAS DARK BROWN!!! and the room was barely big enough for one person let alone two!!!I immediately complained about the room- only to be told that there were no other rooms available due to it being New Years Eve.I had also booked 4 of my friends to stay at this 'hotel' for the same night so demanded to see their rooms. The other rooms were still very cramped and not particularly clean, but they were alot better than our room, so i let the matter side (being as it was New Years Eve and we were in the party spirit). Also the bed sheets were clean in all three rooms so to my mind they could be slept in- (although the state of our room made my skin crawl the whole time we were there). My friends arrived at 6pm to check into their rooms. However one of my friends was given a different room to the one i had been shown earlier!!! The room was much worse than the first. Not only was it VERY dirty and smelly. It had a soaking wet floor!!!!!!!We immediately complained... AGAIN!!!!!! Only to be told that it was a problem that had been fixed and they would dry it in time for when we returned that night. We were not satisfied with this answer but had no option other than to except their explanation and enjoy our evening.After a nice New Year celebration we returned to the hotel at 4am. As my friends entered their room I could not believe my eyes......... there was water leaking from the room above, through the light fitting and onto the bed and floor. The room was completly flooded!!!!!!AGAIN we complained and AGAIN we were faced with an extremely rude, unhelpful response. We were given the 'option' to get a refund and stay somewhere else...... but it was 4am on New Years Day and this was NOT a viable option. So my friends stayed in the room on the one remaining single bed that wasn't soaking wet!The next day we checked out and complained to the owner about all the trouble we had had, and asked for a refund. He was extremely rude to us and seemed more worried about the £75 he would be losing if he refunded the room price, than our safety- the room was a death trap!!!!! There could easily have been a fire. But he was not prepared to accept responsibility. His argument was that if we had vacated the room at 4am then it could have been let to someone else and then he wouldn't be out of pocket!!!!!!! UNBELIEVABLE BUT TRUE!!!!!Eventually after a heated argument in the 'hotel' reception he gave my friends JUST HALF their money back! It was better than nothing but not enough to compensate a terrible start to the New Year!!!!!DO NOT STAY HERE AT ANY COSTS- CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON-EXISTENT AND THEY COULDN'T CARE LESS ABOUT CUSTOMER SATISFATION!!!!!!!	
Jun 4 2007	Death Trap - Do Not Stay Here!!!!!!!!!!	We had stayed at this hotel many times before and it was always wonderful - quaint, spotless and charming. So we were looking forward to our trip back. However, it was a disgrace. The room was creeping with insects (all over the furniture, kettle, cups, bathroom, sheets etc.). Most of the staff were extremely unfriendly!! We were given one towel and when we requested a second towel, the receptionist barked at us, and said there was only one towel for each person or else there would not be enough for everyone. There was a mousetrap in the bathroom cupboard. The service was a disgrace. The carpet was thick with dust ..... and I spent the entire time with my skin crawling. We do not generally complain but please take my advice and DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 24 2007 	Clean but the not as the web-site	The only positive thing is that it seems to be clean (beside the an old carpet)The hotel/room has nothing to do with the web-site...Is 10 minute from Marble Arch, and anyway the whole area is not so nice so I first advice to look for hotel somewhere elseThe boys at the reception started to invent some story that was not possible to pay with credit card because of fees ...bla..bla..bla.At the end I paid anyway with the credit card...For the breakfast you have to go to hotel close by, downstair in somekind on basement where a chinese girl fries something.It is ok if you stay for 1/2 nights and only to sleep some hours or if you are desperate. I have never been to a youth hostel but I thinkthat, if you are really looking for a cheap accomodation, it is almost the same!!Never again!	
Feb 18 2007 	good enough	I was on a very limited budget for my trip to London, and after alot of searching I ran into this hotel on some travel site i'd never heard of before. It was alot cheaper than anything else with a location like this, so I booked.I must say I was not only put-off , but almost frightened when I first arrived at the hotel. There was no one sitting at the front desk and we had to stand around until a worker ( apparently watching us by camera from the adjacent building) came in. The key to my room they gave me was on a humungous keychain and they informed me that i had to leave the key at the front desk whenever i left the hotel, i couldnt take it with me.  The place was like a bed and breakfast, but a dingy one. I never saw any other workers besides the guy who sometimes sat at the front desk and sometimes wandered out of the building. It seemed unprofessional to say the least and i wondered if my posessions or even my safety were at risk here. As it turned out, everything was fine. Not only was my stuff fine, but they even moved everything for me into a better room halfway through my stay upon request. I became friendly with the 2 or 3 different workers who sat at the front desk throughout my stay, they helped in any way they could. The condition of the place wasn't immaculate, but nothing was dirty. The bathroom/shower was adequate and the bed was completely clean &amp; comfortable. My room was quiet and had a tv with a basic cable. I only used the room to sleep and shower, and it served its purpose.If youre able to stay somewhere else, do it. Youll probably be more comfortable and at ease. however, If youre just a young budget traveler like me riding on your last penny, this place can do the trick.	
Aug 13 2006 	Used to be quaint and clean now it's uninhabitable	Since 1999 I have stayed at this hotel 4 times. It was owned and run by a group of people who understood that they had a quaint, charming, inexpensive retreat for travelers I felt at home on my initial visit and each subsequent trip.When I was again traveling to London on holiday, I was excited to be able to stay there again and I even asked for the room I had stayed in on my first trip. I booked 3 months in advance.When I walked into reception, I was immediately troubled. It got worse. The reception clerk asked that I prepay, IN CASH, my entire 6 day stay. He asked that I go across the street to the bank ATM, at 10:00 pm in the evening, and get the cash. I talked him in to letting me check in based on the credit card I'd given when I made the reservation.I got to the room and quaint was now simply dirty. The curtains were dirty, the bathroom - every corner was filthy. The toilet was dirty. I found dark curly hair all over the room. I had to stay in the room that night and the only way I could was because the sheets were clean. I went downstairs for my full English Breakfast and was told that Sunday was Continental Breakfast Day. Nothing was posted to this effect of course.When I was checking out the front desk clerk was amazed that I wanted to leave. He wanted to move me to another room, which I had no reason to expect would be any better. They asked what was wrong with the room and I said it was dirty. I refused to go into the details but offered to pay cash for the one night I spent. They attempted to tell me that I had a 6 day reservation and would charge my card as such, I said that every other hotel in the area had &quot;No Vacancies&quot; and they would rebook within 4 hours.Because it was July, the entire town seemed to be booked. I walked up and down the street and to adjacent streets looking for a hotel. I found another hotel for 2 days and my final hotel for the remaining 3 days.It was an experience that I never want to repeat.	
Jun 10 2006	good location	Good location and good value for the money. Would recommend to tourist and to budget travelers. The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable enough. THe shower was quite small however. Three girls weighing a total of little over 300 pounds put together and under 5'7 each had difficulties, so if you are large you might want to figure something else out.	
May 1 2006	Dusty and Dirty	On arrival,both my friend and I had to argue with reception over our twin room booking, this argument ended after I produced a printed copy of our booking.Our room should have been accompanied with a hot English brekfast, we were dissapionted to find out that this option was not available on Sundays and Bank Holidays.We had therefore had to accept a continental brekfast.When we got to our room it was on the top floor were the stairway was very narrow, dark and dingy and my friend nearly fell over a poorly alluminated step.When we got into our room we had no toliet rolls and towels.We did however get our toilet rollls and towels once we asked.Great huh?The shower curtain was covered in scum , the bathing area was grimy and covered in tide marks.You could have found a new species of fungus in the pipework. The drawers needed dusting and the floor areas needed vaccuming.The skirtings boards and window ledges were apaque with filth. Serious injuries could have been sustained by anyone foolhardy enough to use the electric kettle as it was cracked.But we were fortunate to have a private shower, but our Sunday morning was devastated by the rowidness of people in queues for the 'communal showers'.We decieded that interests of personal safety and pride, that we should not partake in breakfast, as the local McDonalds seemed a safer bet.Needless to say we would never had booked this hotel, should our orignal booking with Hotel--- for the Blue Bells Hotel in Noting Hill had been honoured. It was Hotel--- that re-arranged this hotel for us at short notice. Avoid this hotel and Hotel--- llike the plague if you are sensible.Never Again!!!!!	
Jan 13 2006	Check your room first	I am from New Zealand. While the booking was made for Camelot, the owner (or manager) attempted to put me into another B&amp;B which was of a totally different standard.Once a few things were &quot;sorted out&quot;, the stay at Camelot was most comfortable and the neighbourhood was more than interesting. With a laundromat just around the corner and the tube not very far away plus the close proximity to Paddington Station, the positioning was good.	
Nov 28 2004 	Cheap and cheerful	Basic small hotel just off Edgware Road. Spent a few days here while down at a conference. My single room was tiny but no more so than my colleagues who paid more than twice that for similar sized room elsewhere. En-suite room clean and staff friendly and helpful and always someone to let you back in at 2am. Where else can you stay in London for 40 quid a night	
May 5 2008 	Hôtel à déconseiller		
Feb 11 2007 	Desilusion		
