Jul 13 2009 	Decent with really nice people working there.	We stayed at the Park Lodge for 3 nights, as the Apollo Hotel vis a vis had no twin room for us (not their fault, but the Apollo Hotel got a disastrous review on it's own from us based on the 3 days we had to stay there). The room we got here has seen better days just like the bathroom. But - the beds were comfortable, the hotel was quiet and staff was thoughtful. Every person working there was friendly, cooperative and helpful. A good fresh breakfast was served with a smile. Compared with the Apollo, that made quite a difference. Cheers to the folks at Park Lodge.	
May 27 2009 	cheap and cheerful	the pictures that expedia have with this hotel is of a different hotel and the room pictures are not this hotels either.staff are friendly and helpfull but rooms are very small and need a lick of paint,also carpets need cleaning or replacing.I agree some meat would have been nice at breakfast,but overall it was ok for one night.	
Aug 8 2008 	Descent	We had a nightmare time at Kings Hotel. We traveled from Miami to London (wife, two small kids, and myself). Kings did not have our booking, so we were in a sense homeless for several hours. The manager at Kings found the Park Lodge Hotel which we were happy with. We were given two rooms, 2 twin room and a double room, since their family rooms were taken. The rooms were not too big, but since we were out and about the city that didn't matter. If we were going to spend a lot of time in the hotel we would have booked a $500-$700 a night hotel. (Luckily the weather was great, so most of our time was outdoors). The second night we were given a triple instead of the double. This was the biggest of them all. Newly renovated, painted room. Very comfortable beds with clean comfy sheets. All in all a good experience. Watch out for the double bed room. You can barely bring your luggage. The triple is the way to go if you need space. Included breakfast was very good as well.This is not the Ritz, but definitely not a dump like some other hotels around Hyde Park. This part of London is a big tourist trap, with all types of young backpackers, so most of the accommodations will be meager, low budget. For a family go with triple or family room, for single young people, any room will do. Read the reviews, and stay away from the Kings Hotel.	
Jan 3 2007 	Expensive for the condition of Hotel	We stayed 6 nights,had the same breakfast each day,fan didn'twork properly when it was hot,but, the staff were helpful,near 2stations, 5 min to bus ,opposite park, still think it was expensive,especially when you are counting in Aussie dollars..lolIsn't real flash.Aussie traveller..............	
Oct 3 2006	Its fair not brilliant.	Stayed two nights in a very tiny room in this Bayswater hotel. The bathroom was neat and clean which was a positive. There was no air conditioning so the room would be unbearable in Summer. Curtains were showing their age and the carpet was not unlike a kitchen carpet. The pedestal fan (attached to the wall) was going all the time. It was a single room that had just enough storage facilities. Breakfast was reasonably good with a nice choice of cereals, two juices plus tea or coffee. The hot meal comprised beans, two hash browns and an egg plus three slices of toast. The hot meal could have been more appetising with bacon and maybe a sausage. It was not a typical English &quot;fry up&quot;, but close to it.Reception staff were pleasant and the kitchen staff though lacking good English were helpful.If you are a fussy traveller, then this hotel is not for you. If you are on a budget and prepared to rough it just a bit in a part of London that is close to a number of attractions and two tube stations then it might work for you.	
Mar 13 2004	Yes this is truly awful.	We didn't find a rat, but we didn't have a night's peace in the week we were there. Late-night partying of noisy neighbors made it difficult to sleep. Even after changing rooms we had the same problem. Rooms are tiny and poorly laid out. The staff was politely unhelpful with all requests. Do yourself a favor and pay a little more for something you'll enjoy.	
Aug 16 2003	Sleep with the lights on?	The night I stayed at the Park Lodge I found either a rat or a mouse in my room. (The rodent was quick.) I went downstairs to the lobby to get another room but they didn't have one available. The porter suggested that I sleep with the lights on. I ended up going to the hotel next door and requested a refund. I did not get that refund until I contacted the travel bureau who made the reservation for me. It seems strange to me that the hotel didn't act quickly and appropriately to avoid bad publicity.	
May 1 2009 	Il Park Lodge dalla prospettiva di un'agente di viaggio		
Jan 11 2009 	buona qualita' prezzo. albergo accettabile costi e sufficienti servizi		
