Nov 22 2009 	Location location location	There really is only one reason to stay at this South London three star hotel at a busy and noisy juction just south of Blackfriars Bridge. It is within minutes walk of Tate Modern, Globe Theatre, Young Vic and Old Vic theatres, National Theatre, Festival Hall, London Eye and so on. Also at Waterloo station you can take a 139 bus into the heart of the West End. The staff were pleasant and the receptionists were more than helpful; they were mostly eastern europeans and their knowledge of London was limited. But they certainly knew how to Google!Bed and breakfast for two in a double room was on offer at £100 booking direct, quite a find for value. The rooms are basic and the wobbly divan beds had probably been recycled from a refurbished hotel or students residence. The legs were quite literally on the point of breaking off and two people on one bed, even without any thought of matrimonial activity, would have led to disaster. The alternative was to read in bed. But the lighting was so poor that it was almost impossible to read in the room at night. So what about the TV I hear you ask. This also had been recycled, and that would have been at least twenty years ago. Just three channels available (actually none till I discovered the aerial was not plugged in at the back) with a gloomy picture on its ancient 4:3 screen. So no need to look for air conditioning or a minbar. Hot water: only when we phoned up reception and said we hadn't got any. Forgot to tell them that the washbasin outlet was three quarters blocked.Breakfast was perfectly adequate for a budget offering. Typical range of cooked to order items, but no croissants. The usual prepacked butter portions and conserves. We could have done better at the Marriott Hotel in County Hall - at £350 a night without breakfast. So there you have it: you pays your money and.....,	
Nov 16 2009 	Great Little Hotel with Character	Our group thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Mad Hatter. It had lots of charm at a reasonable price (for London!) Don't be afraid of the location, there's lots to do and the Hop On/Off bus couldn't stop nearer. The Pub offers great food with good variety, including a very reasonable breakfast. I left what appeared to be a valuable item in a drawer and called to have them find it and send it home to the US. They did. Promptly. The manager greeted us over lunch and gave us excellent suggestions. He was excellent.I'm in a wheelchair. They tried to satisfy my needs but I found that old set up challenging. I hear the bathroom is to be upgraded next year. Good. But it was workable. Those front doors are pretty but it's nice to have them held open rather than to fight them. And be prepared for a few bangs and dings!	
Oct 25 2009 	Crazy Mad If You Stay Here	If you have any money, whatsoever, upgrade yourself to a nicer hotel right now. That means, if you're used to any level of comfort this place won't do it for you. Starving students and travelers, fine, low budget away.Here's what I had problems with: The dark and dinghy rooms, the horrid views, price tags baked into my bread, waitresses trained to try and rope you into the 12 pound breakfast instead of the Continental, and the local staff who will gladly call you a car service -- for TWICE the amount of the regular fares. There were a couple of nice employees.In my mind (and I have written for over 30 major publications), the only two things the hotel has going for it ts location, and its name.	
Sep 23 2009 	Good Location but leaky plumbing	We were pleased to be only 6 minutes from the Tate Modern and Globe Theatre, but currently the neighbourhood near the hotel is mostly boarded up and looks fairly desolate. Economic downturn? Maybe that also explains why the toilet, tub and sink all leaked and they didn't fix them. We were given lots of towels each day to soak up the leaks. There was also a lightbulb burned out near the door that we asked to have replaced, but it wasn't.It's true that the linen was good and the room was big. I don't understand why English hotels don't provide flat sheets, only big quilts even when the temperature is 27 degrees and hot out. Overall this hotel was fine, the staff was nice, but the leaky sink etc were not what you expect when paying so much money.	
Sep 22 2009 	Very decent and accomodating	The rates are good.The pub is great (open all night for residents).The food is great.The staff is friendly and accomodating.The beds are, uh, Brittish.The rooms are clean .There is an ICE MACHINE!	
Aug 21 2009 	The best hotel I´ve stayed at in London!	Firstly they have prioritized the rooms instead of a gigant lobby. The biggest hotelroom I've seen in a 3 star hotel in London. The bedlinen were fresh and nice and no stinky old blanket. The location is excellent. For once no problems with late arrival. Nice staff. Not the most comfortable beds, but does any hotel have comfortable beds really? Extra isolationglass in the window kept the temperature ok and reduced the noices from outside. A cozy and nice pub. I will definately stay there the next time I´m in London!	
May 9 2009 	Definitely visit again	Had two nights here (April 18/19). The hotel was chosen for its proximity to the Royal Festival Hall at the South Bank Centre which is less than 15 minute gentle walk from the hotel as are the Hayward Gallery, Queen Elizabeth Hall (containing the Purcell Room), National Film Theatre, London Eye, Tate Modern and Shakespeare's Globe. The hotel is at the south end of Blackfriars bridge and whilst there is a lot of traffic around especially in the early morning on weekdays our bedroom (room 30 - a very good size and extremely comfortable with good open views of the bridge and St Pauls in the distance ) was very quiet.Extensive bar with open seating and some booths at one end which make entertaining friends or relatives a little more personal. The bar is available all night to residents.Food at the hotel is very good and varied and service was prompt, polite and friendly. The only criticism I would make is that the breakfast plates on Monday were cold and the food could have been a lot hotter. Shame really as there were not many at breakfast whereas on the Sunday it was very busy at breakfast and everything was as it should be.Notwithstanding the small criticism it is an excellent hotel close to may cultural amenities and one we will definitely visit again.Travel trip for those coming via Kings Cross/St Pancras - for two people the total taxi fare was £10 each way - underground would have been £8.00 each way.	
May 6 2009 	Nice hotel in the centre of London	The location of the hotel is great, 25 metres away from Blackfriars Bridge on the Southbank. The breakfasts in the cafe were good. Nice cafe too. Only small problem: the double bed was really small, and since I planned to share it with my mother (other bed was for my nephew) we were not pleased with that ! As the hotel was fully booked, there was no spare bed available. The staff put in an extra bed the next night, but that one was really hard !Apart from that, our stay was quite pleasant.	
May 3 2009 	A lovely spot i South London	We like the historical area. The Hotel staff were very friendly. It was cozy with the pub down stairs, at our room upstairs had very good beds. Good restaurants in Cut Road - very close to the Hotel.I will stay here again at my next London-visit.	
Apr 8 2009 	A marvelous gem of a hotel in the heart of London just off the south bank.	My daughter and I enjoyed 2 nights at this delightful hotel in the heart of London. Just off the South Bank, within easy waking distance of sights.The room was at the back and quiet (front rooms might be noisier), spacious and well appointed. The staff were amazingly helpful. We really enjoyed the ambience and character of the bar/restaurant. Breakfast was included and price was very reasonable for location. Would highly recommend and love to visit again.	
Jan 16 2009	I loved this little Hotel !	Mad Hatter Hotel - London -England - We loved it!!! This is what I throught London would look like. The rooms were very nice. And the staff was great!! We plan on going back and we will stay here again. The breakfast was the best I have had even the one's you get in the USA don't compare. The best eggs I ever tasted. Sue -Huffman, Texas	
Nov 29 2008 	Good location for South Bank activities	We spent two nights at this hotel for the start of our European holiday. It was a short walk from the Waterloo station and just a couple of blocks from the walkway along the river. We walked to most sights and took the tube to others and found the location to be ideal for our needs. The complimentary breakfast (weekends only) was a nice assortment of pastries, cheeses, yogurt, and any hot items you wanted (eggs, bacon, hash browns). The staff in the restaurant were slow and indifferent, but the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.We were given a handicap accessable room which made it nice and large. While not the cleanest room and the view of the street was nothing special we would stay here again for the value.	
Nov 5 2008 	Basic Accommodations Great Location	I stayed at the Mad Hatter on a friend's recommendation. Its location was perfect for my first visit to London, as it is central to many of the things I wanted to do and see, and is fairly close to tube stops and a river dock. For me, quality of location trumped any issues with the hotel. Since I spent very little time in the room (conscious, anyway), its quirks didn't bother me much. The room itself was fair sized, but with no air conditioning save for a stand-up fan, I could see how this might get quite warm in Summer. My view of the buildings next door wasn't very aesthetically pleasing, but I wasn't in London to sit in a room and look out a window. The bathroom seemed a bit cramped, but I've heard that this is fairly common in the UK / Europe. The room was clean and the housekeeping staff attentive, so overall I thought it was fine as a basic room for my stay. The pub is a nice place to have a pint (or three), although the service was anything but friendly. (And yes, I did know to order my food and drink at the bar, rather than sit alone looking at an empty table waiting to be served.) The one dinner I ate there was quite good, but I wasn't impressed with the breakfast. It worked out better just to pick up some basic breakfast items at the Marks &amp; Spencer Simply Food down the road. As for the front desk staff, they were always very helpful and courteous.The best thing about this hotel in my view is its location. Tate Modern, the Globe Theatre, and Old / New Vics are a short walk. Borough Market is nearby. Slightly longer walks to the South get you to the Imperial War Museum (which anyone interested in WWI / WWII history shouldn't miss), and to the West to the London Eye. The Millennium footbridge to St. Paul's is also very close. There is a dock nearby where you can catch a Thames Clipper to locations up and down the Thames River. Waterloo and Southwark tube stations are just a few blocks. In short think the Mad Hatter was a good choice for me because it was well placed for what I wanted to do, I had modest needs as regards accommodations, and the price (booked well in advance) was reasonable. I wouldn't be adverse to staying at the Mad Hatter again; however, if (and hopefully when) I return to London I would likely stay in another area simply to be closer to parts of town I didn't get to so much this time around.	
Sep 24 2008 	Nice location nice hotel	We stayed at the hotel for 10 days (spread out over 2 weeks). We enjoyed the experience quite a bit.The hotel is located in a nice central location with quick easy access to train and subway stations. They have a restaraunt and bar which is convenient.They were nice enough to watch some of our luggage for a couple of days while we went to Paris.I will stay the again.	
Aug 29 2008	Great location. Great service	There's a mixed bunch of reviews on here for this hotel and thats down to different expectations. This is not the Ritz but then you are not paying those prices. This is a fair priced 3* London hotel. There are many far worse which are more expensive in London with smaller rooms and dirtier with poor service.Our room was a good size with a King size bed and room for another rollaway and still it was not cramped. Everything was clean with decent sized bathroom. Location is great for South Bank attractions which are all easily walkable from here eg National Theatre, The Globe, Tate Modern, Millenium Bridge to St Pauls. There are lots of reasonably priced restauants and pubs all along the river here.The best thing about the hotel is the manager Iain who was extremely courteous and willing to help with any request. He was genuinely friendly and really did go out of his way to help. Thanks Iain - you made the difference!	
Aug 15 2008 	Not Fantastic....butthere are worse places	Stayed at the Mad Hatter with my son who was filming a quiz show at London Bridge Studios. Great location for the studio, but not for trying to find a place to eat with kids after 9pm! (Hotel stops serving at 9). The guy on reception was great and helped us find a pizza delivery.Rooms were small and exceedingly hot, but clean. Very basic and the beds were lumpy and uncomfortable.Breakfast was not so good - service was poor.Not somewhere I would return to	
Jul 16 2008 	Over-Rated	I have just returned from a weekend in London and based on the many positive reviews I read, I was expecting a charming boutique hotel.I was very disappionted with how average this hotel was......Firstly when we arrived at waterloo station the hotel was very hard to find as there are three exits from waterloo and the there was no indication which way to go!The room is basic, the beds are small and uncomfortable the room had not fridge and was hot and stuffy. We were woken each morning by very loud taffic at about 6:30 each morning!On our 3rd night there we arrived back at about 12:30 and there was a new porter there who told us that the bar was closed and there was no possibility of a drink....he obviously thought we had just arrived that day and it was obvious that he just did not want the inconvenience of serving us.Overall we could have got more for our money!!	
Jul 7 2008 	A good stay	The atmosphere is execellent, the pub is very good and the food also. And the rooms are fine. There were only two negative things; the rooms were a bit warm (summertime), and there are quite a lot trafic outside. But I'll come backl! Love the Fuller's beers also.	
Jun 25 2008 	Loved this Hotel	I just finished an around the world trip, going west from Florida, stopping in many countries, staying in many hotels. The most fun, the best service, and the most gracious staff was in this hotel, the Mad Hatter. Just the name itself should indicate fun and it was fun. The Mad Hatter is a small boutique hotel, only 30 rooms, which affords lots of personal service. It was comfortable, quiet, and my room was large. The prepaid, in my case, breakfast was wonderful, and in general, the other food that you could buy in the restaurant was also very, very good.The hotel is close to Waterloo train station, and a walk to the Globe, the Tate Modern and many other places of interest.I highly recommend this hotel for fun, for comfort and for a different view of London. I plan on going back next year and staying for another 5 days.Sally, FL	
May 12 2008 	Great location rooms; agree it was hot!	Had a quite nice weekend at the Mad Hatter. Rooms are sizeable for the price, staff friendly and helpful, and the location hard to beat. Also had a great weekend special rate booked from the hotel site that included breakfast. Only negative was the agreement with other posters that the room was excessively hot -- it was a warm weekend overall and the room excessively so. But still, given the price for central London, a very good deal.	
Apr 28 2008 	Good food and beer	Good size en-suite room with tea &amp; coffee facilities and biscuits. View only of the boarded up building next door but room was clean. Cooked breakfast excellent, we also ate an evening meal in the pub which was very good as was the draught Fullers Beer. Service friendly.Well situated hotel only minus points were the luke-warm shower and being woken at 7.00 by a brewery delivery.	
Apr 6 2008 	Loved the mad hatter!!	I stayed one night with my boyfriend, and we did appreciate it: big room and bathroom ensuite, tea and coffee facilities, nice and helpfull staff. The breakfast was included in our rate (a special offer) and was very good, but pay attention 'cause on normal rates you've to pay for it. Downstairs there's a nice pub i'd like to try (but it was friday's night and was completelly full) and i was wondering if it would be too noisy but we had a room over a court yard so it was very quiet.The hotel is about 15 min. walk from Waterloo tube and 10 min. to Southwark, quite near to the IMAX cinema.	
Mar 10 2008 	Nice 	This was in an ideal location for our needs as we were going to the London Studio's (ITV) to be in the audience for Ant &amp; Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway. It's literally a 5 minute walk to the studio and to the National Theatre and is right near Blackfriars Bridge which crosses over the Thames and is near The Tate Modern. The hotel was very clean and the staff were helpful and friendly. We booked direct through the hotel website and got a special weekend deal of £95 for the room including full english breakfast for 1 night. Bargain! Although we didn't drink in the pub we did eat in there for breakfast the next morning and it looked to be a clean, nice, welcoming pub too. We will definitely use this hotel again for the bargain rates and for the excellent location.	
Feb 23 2008 	Charming comfortable and convenient	I was intrigued by the history of this building and the area, but actually booked this hotel on the basis of its location to the Imperial War Museum - where I was attending a conference.Its proximity to the Southwark tube station is a real bonus, and it is so easy to find from there - just turn right walk past the post office and the church and then right again at the traffic lights. Blackfriars Rd is a busy one, and the hotel sits almost on the corner of this and Stamford St, yet even in rush hour the traffic noise was minimal.Our room was 201, on the second floor. Nice decor, ample storage for two, and standard electricals. As it is by the staircase it is one of the larger rooms on the floor - and the canopied bed was massive! The bathroom was large and clean, although at the time of our stay the extractor fan was broken which made for a steamy experience!The staff were pleasant and helpful. I reckon you can't beat this hotel for location and price, and we will be coming back.	
Jan 25 2008 	overpriced overheated	stayed here for one night in january, room was small and not at all like the description on their website, very ordinary. the heat was on full blast and the windows cannot be opened. Went down for food in the evening which was possibly the worst bar food i have had in london for a long time, it had been cooked and left and reheated i think.We were told our booking did not include breakfast even thiough the website had said it did include breakfast - anyway after the evening meal i was almost glad we didnt have to eat there,for 110 sterling i think the travel lodge or comfort inn would be better. Staying in a pub usually guarantees atmosphere but there was hardly anyone in the bar and dreary would be descriptive- the only saving grace was the very pleasant receptionist.My advice is too look around for somewhere else.	
Dec 17 2007 	Good Location Good staff Clean room	Stayed here for 2 nights and were joined by friends on the second night.Initial e-mail communication with the hotel was good and I received a prompt response and our request for two rooms close together which was met.There was a friendly welcome from the staff and we were allowed up to the room even though we were early.The room was clean, comfortable, warm, with working shower and most importantly for me quiet! No slamming doors or noise from other rooms. The view from the window is an empty building but then I did not come to London to look out of the window!The bar was friendly we had lunch here which was standard pub grub and perfectly fine. The breakfast was very good and included egg, bacon, sausage, black pudding, baked beans hash brown, tomatoe, toast and mushrooms! Plus a selection of cheese, ham, pastries and juice etc. Service was a little slow but friendly. The location is very good only a short walk from Blackfriars Tube. We wallked to the Tate Modern, Imperial War Museum, Tower Bridge, Covent Garden and the OXO wharf and none were more than 25 mins walk.Given the price of London hotels I think this hotel represents good value for its location (£110 a night including breakfast).	
Nov 30 2007	withdrawing my first good review of this place	I wrote a great review of this place a while ago when booking my parents in for the weekend. We tried to book again with them but after several unreturned emails and phone calls to their answer-phone requesting room availability and rates for the requested dates my partner and I decided to pop in to their reception. The chap there couldn't tell us whether there were any rooms available for the dates we wanted, or how much to rooms would cost, (surely negates the point of even having a receptionist!!) I emailed and phoned again and again and again. I even started using other webistes to email regarding rates at the mad hatters. Eventually on of my enquiries was picked up and a highly apologetic manager called me saying they would give us &quot;special&quot;rates because of the repeat custom we were giving and the hasstle they caused me trying to book a room. He said he would call me back with the rates. In the mean time I had a call from a receptionist there who gave me rates of £90 per night. I assumed thse were the managers &quot;special rates&quot; and said I'd book. Two minutes later the manager called back with his &quot;secial&quot; rates at £115 per night. Funny that, isn't it, how two people within such a short space of time can quite you totally different rates. I do not trust this hotel any more and assume we had a fluke good stay there on our first visit. But I wouldn't trust these people again!	
Nov 8 2007 	great hotel	We spent the night in this hotel on 3rd November and it was fantastic. After reading a couple of negative reviews I was a little worried. It was a surprise trip for my husband's birthday and I wanted it to be special. I wasn't disapointed, the room was great, the bed enormous and the bathroom was big. One negative, the shower door leaked and the floor got very wet. We mentioned it to the frfont desk and it was dealt with immediately. The breakfast was magnificent, and it was included in the rate we gor for the room.It's a perfect location for visiting London. We went to the theatre and walked back it took 30 minutes. The South Bank by night is wonderful.I would recomend this hotel as a perfect place to stay if you want to explore London.	
Oct 14 2007 	Adequate	Stayed here on a work trip in London. The high price reflects the location - very close to the Thames and lots of major attractions - rather than the quality of the hotel! Another plus was the friendly staff. The lift was out of order but my bag was carried to my room. The room itself was clean and comfortable enough but showing wear and tear in places. The TV had a small and apparently random selection of channels. The print on the remote control buttons had worn off so some guesswork was required. Downstairs the pub food was on the nice side of adequate but nothing special. (Not everything on the evening menu was available). Breakfast was also adequate but far from the best. Overall if price is no object I am sure you could do better. If you don't want a youth hostel and this is the next best thing it will be adequate.	
Aug 7 2007 	Not brilliant but comfortable	This hotel is perfectly placed for reaching London's best attractions. It's right in the heart of things but at the same time, you get the feeling that you are miles away from the hustle and bustle. The staff are exceptionally friendly (especially the bar staff), the room we had was large, clean and comfortable, although aircon wouldn't have gone amiss. No noise was experienced from adjoining rooms, and the food in the bar/bistro was of exeptionally high quality and well priced for London. I got an internet deal (sorry can't remember which internet booking site), which was for £99.50 per night per room including full breakfast. I notice now that &quot;deals&quot; usually come in at around £126 - £135 without breakfast, and I don't think I would have paid that for the room, but nevertheless if you are willing to fork out, then fair enough. I do note that another reviewer has said that rooms at the back of the hotel have a less than stunning view, so if you can, then ask for a room at the front. Traffic noise here is irksome rather than unbearable, but certainly better than in other hotels I have stayed in central London. I stayed for one night, and could probably have tolerated perhaps 3, but no more. The hotel is only a 10 minute easy walk from Waterloo Station, and so extremely handy for the Eurostar terminal.As a relatively fussy traveller who has stayed in hotels of much higher quality, I would nevertheless recommend this hotel to those wishing a short break in London. Recommended!	
Jul 19 2007 	Mad at the Mad Hatter...uncomfortable hot and ugly	We were booked at the last minute into the Mad Hatter when a building fell down next to the sister hotel, THE SANCTUARY.I understand about London hotels but this one was uncomfortable, no air (a big fan was on 24 hours a day) and looked out at another building about to fall. (see picture).The funny part was how hot the hotel was even at night when the outside air was cool to cold???We found the river walk and Tate a few blocks away so the location was very good but there is NOTHING directly around of interest.For 135 pounds (over $270.00 a night), I think I could have done better.	
Apr 17 2007	Ok rooms good service hot in summer	Nice hotel. Slight 1970s décor to the rooms. Good resteraunt in the pub which is part of the hotel. About 1 mile from Waterloo Station. No air con and rooms get hot in the middle of summer. I negotiated a small discount on the advertised rate.	
Mar 10 2007 	Good location	We stayed two nights at the Madhatter in June. The south bank location is great, with easy access to the Tate, Globe and Millinium bridge. Other major attractions are also well within walking distance (Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, London Eye etc.) Rooms are clean and well maintained. I thought the price by London standards was quite reasonable and the staff were very helpful. There is a pub on the first level with standard pub grub and drinks. I would stay here again for the convenience and price.	
Jan 1 2007 	Nice 	Excellent location - hotel clean and tidy - Manager helpful and friendly..Bit pricey, but stayed there for the new year celebrations - less than 5 mins walk to Waterloo bridge and excellent views of big ben and the wheel.Check out 13:00 - so time for a quick jaunt before heading off	
Jan 1 2007 	OK but could do better	It looks lovely in the photos, and indeed, the facade is nice with pretty hanging baskets. But internally, it could do better on several points. Although it was fine overall, we wouldn't rush to stay there again.Location is good, excellently situated for London Bridge, south bank, IMAX etc. V.little noise at night, so a good night's sleep was had, but quite an early start due to delivery noises to buildings round the back. OK if you're on business I guess. Lobby/check-in area was fine if a bit small. Friendly and helpful staff. Had to knock to gain entry via porter late at night though, seemed an odd set-up in London, where everyone is out late....Room was generally fine - reasonable size, comfy bed, plenty of extra pillows etc. OK wardrobe space, nicely fitted but small bathroom, all clean. BUT the rooms and the corridors all stank of cigarettes, even though we were in a non-smoking bit. Quite off-putting.The bar is awful. No atmosphere at all. There was never anyone in there the whole time we were there, except for a couple of sad middle-aged blokes propping up the bar. Beer fairly awful too. I wouldn't have eaten there, we went out for food. Didn't even have the courage to try breakfast, we went to a Pret just round the corner, much more welcoming. Price was reasonable, which, combined with the location, made it a good bet for a couple of nights stay. Alright if you just want somewhere to sleep. Summary - It was slightly better than OK - but I think if you shop around you could probably find somewhere nicer.	
Dec 11 2006 	Pleasant Suprise	This was not my hotel of choice and having been displaced from elsewhere I was not in the a good mood upon arrival. However the room was clean, quiet and the decor was in mint condition. The hotel more than met expectation and appears to offer good value for money.	
Nov 7 2006 	Clean comfortable and convenient.	We enjoyed our stay here. No problems with getting a cot for the baby. Room was a decent size and was clean and smart. Bathroom was clean, spacious. Very convenient for the middle of London. Good selection of beers / food in the pub, a small amount of noise from this audible in the room but not a big problem. Would stay here again.	
Jun 27 2006 	no parking	Stayed here for 1 night whilst moving our son back from uni for the summer. We had a large van, and parking was important, the hotel website says that there is plenty of street parking available and a nearby pay to park. Wrong! The street parking is permit holders only (we were not told this), and the pay to park that the receptionist directed us to had a building on it.Other than that it was ok, room small but clean and comfortable. Supper was good.	
Jun 16 2006	a place to sleep OK for the price	Spent 5 nights in June in the Mad Hatter. Main attraction to book was the location on the South Bank/Southwark near Tate Modern, Gabriel wharf and Imperial War Museum and not far from the tube stations of Southwark and Blackfriars. The hotel has a Victorian character (contrary to the rather bland places on near Sothwark street) with many pictures on the walls. The room offered enough space (also due to rather sparce furniture), especially the bathroom offered enough space for placing one´s stuff. Contrary to other posters we found the bed quite comfortable although a bit small for a double.There was no safety box and no room bar.The breakfast was, well, mediocre at best. Canned fruit, no fresh juice, only standard coffee and tea (no choice like espresso, cappucino, green or herbal teas), the cooked breakfast dripping with grease. Actually we skipped it on two days and had breakfast some place else, like the nice food emporium at the Harvey Nichols department store.The staff was &quot;mixed&quot;, on the first morning the breakfast waitress showed up only after 10 minutes, the receptionists were generally rather friendly but one was extremely helpless or unhelpful and lost a message for us which was given him by a collegue.When I arrived home a few items were missing and they might have been pinched from the room although I cannot be sure.Finally I booked through internet and my search was fished by superbreak holidays. They get you with an exceptional price and then charge more. Since the price still was OK and I did not want to search anew I accepted but do not fall for them if they offer a very low price..	
Jun 8 2006	Location 	After arriving at Heathrow early in the morning and walking the usual Boston marathon, by the time I got to the Mad Hatter it was 11ish and I was in sore need of a room and rest. Not expecting them to let me check in early, I laid my woes on the very nice lady at the counter. She said she'd be happy to check my bags, but would also check to see if the room was ready. The room was ready and I got my shower! Very helpful with directions and advice on my service needs (internet, chemist, directions). The room was on the street which is busy, but with window closed was no problem. Nice amenities in the room, good lighting (even for night reading), and plenty spacious for my needs. Wish they had wireless internet, but we can't have it all. The location is awesome! I walked to most the places I wanted to see and there are 3 Tube stations within an easy walk (even with luggage). High marks from me and would definitely stay there again. Cheers!	
May 22 2006	Great little place for the location 	If you're looking for extreme luxury in the heart of the west end, close to shopping, shows and hoity-toity restaurants, do not read further, because this place is NOT for you.If you are looking for a friendly place a bit off the beaten tourist path, with excellent links to Gatwick or London City airport, yet close to culture and exciting market shopping, then this MAY be the place for you!Rooms: I had the opportunity to see four rooms while there (friends were staying as well). The decor of the rooms varies, so if you don't like your room you may want to ask to change. Some rooms were lovely and others were a bit threadbare; I was in town to do things elsewhere and crash at the end of the day, so I didn't really care if the wallpaper was new, so my kinda-tired room was fine. A friend had a lovely room overlooking the decidedly Dickensian-looking back alley (Victorian hovel with broken windows, best to keep the nets shut) but otherwise it was very nice. The beds in all rooms &quot;were less-than-200-quid-a-night-in-London&quot; standard, ie not the best, but they didn't keep me awake and I didin't have a backache. Waterpressure was more than adquate in the showers, although every sink had a tendancy to splash out, thereby soaking the trousers of the unsuspecting hand-washer. No broadband available. Hotel is on top of pub, so food and drink into night!Location: Awesome! Take the Thameslink straight from Gatwick to Blackfriars, walk across the bridge and the hotel is on the right! Alternatively, fly into London City (what we did), take the DLR to Canary Wharf, change onto Jubilee line there and get off at Southwark; walk north towards river on Blackfriars Road and it's on your left! Very handy for Waterloo station as well (about a 10 minute walk). Jubilee line goes straight to Waterloo, Westminster (for Westminster Abbey &amp; Parliament), Green Park (for Buckingham Palace, Piccadilly and St. James's), and Bond Street (for Oxford Street shopping and Mayfair). There is also an Internet phone box across the street, which was handy when we needed to check in for our flight online and we didn't have a laptop handy. Staff: So friendly (except the blond guy who kind creeped us out a bit)! Lovely people, very accomodating and happy to help and give advice at every turn. Bar staff very helpful too, really make you feel at home. Definitely good hiring choices made here!Attractions: within minutes of Borough Market (a must-see on Friday or Saturday), Tate Modern, Globe, Golden Hinde, the Clink, Gabriel's Wharf and South Bank. Southwark tube is very close and takes you to most London locations in minutes. London Bus Tour stop right outside hotel in Blackfriars Road (we saw people getting on and off). Area is completely dead at weekends, except for the occasional tourist walking around.Check www.laterooms.com, as they seem to have the best prices; also, if you look on their website (http://www.fullershotels.com/frames/1044) they often have weekend and other event specials. WARNING: NO AIR CONDITIONING IN ROOMS. This was not a problem for us, and would be fine in winter, but may be a deciding factor in the summer months. Fans are provided in each room, though.All in all, I'd give the place 8 out of 10 - a good budget choice!	
Apr 17 2006	Great location 	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at The Mad Hatter Hotel. We paid a good price (relatively!) for the standard &amp; location. If you want to be within easy reach of attractions &amp; transport links without paying the inflated prices in central tourist areas then this is the place!Within easy walking distance of Southwark, Blackfriar's &amp; Waterloo stations its also within a pleasant stroll along the Southbank to London Eye, Westminster, St.Paul's, Covent Garden &amp; much more.However, beds seem to be a recurring theme for this hotel... We spent a sleepless first night as our rickety bed groaned &amp; screeched with every breath! Faced with another 2 nights we spoke to the receptionist the next morning. Although busy due to the Easter weekend they obliged &amp; found us another (more superior) room. We would not hesitate to stay here again!	
Feb 22 2006	We called it the place with the 'Taco Bed'....	The location and proximity to the tube stop was great. Upon arriving at the hotel we were pleased with the great pub downstairs and what seemed to be great decor. When we arrived, the room was clean(not spotless) and the bathroom was new-ish. The small room, dismally uncomfortable bed and wretched view of the back of an abandoned/dilapidated building out our window took away from the rest of the experience, however. We were only at the hotel for one night, but paid a fair price(not discount) for our stay. Perhaps we were put in a smaller/older room as we are younger and were only there for a short period. Who knows?Simply from our experience, it is not reccomended. It wasn't terrible, but the key to a hotel is that you SLEEP there and with a bed LITERALLY shaped like a taco shell and incredibly lumpy, small and uncomfortable...this is NOT what we did.	
Nov 15 2005	Good for short break	The hotel is quiet and comfortable (although the beds could be softer!). The location is good as it is close to the Tate Modern, National Theatre etc on the South Bank and walking distance from the West End. The staff are very helpful, we arrived early to drop bags off and were able to check in at 12 noon.We got a very good room rate via the internet that included breakfast, which made it a bargain.	
Oct 19 2005 	Such nice people!	I stayed at the Mad Hatter for a little over a week and really had no complaints. I think that the best part of the experience was the staff. Everyone there was so friendly and accomodating. Besides, the Mad Hatter has all of the necessary modern amenities while retaining a fabulous old-fashioned charm.	
Oct 11 2005	Mad Hatter Hotel is friendly and charming... truly lovely.	I had never been to the U.K. before, but I am definitely a frequent travelor. I must say that my stay at the Mad Hatter Hotel has been one of my favorite experiences in a hotel. There is something very warm and inviting about the place. For me, it can sometimes be intimidating when I visit a new country, but the staff at the Mad Hatter were genuinely sweet and accomadating and I immediately felt welcome in the U.K. The rooms are cozy and clean. Everyday, we were left a different small package of cookies... which I thoroughly enjoyed. Plus, the pub connected to the Hotel is a good time. People from the neighborhood gather there, and the prices are definitely reasonable. Overall, I would recommend the Mad Hatter to anyone wanting a stay at a hotel that feels both truly English and like home.	
Apr 4 2005	pretty good	stayed there end of march 05. Pretty well - clean, spacious room, good food in the pub.	
Mar 26 2005	Great Location!	Great location- had connecting rooms for us and our children. Restaurant below had good food and service- rooms were fine- definitely not posh and typical English plumbing where water from shower ends up all over the floor- but would stay again.	
Mar 2 2005 	Pretty good	Stayed here on business last summer. Rooms were of a good size, breakfast was good. No noise from pub directly below. Staff were friendly and helpful.Location was good - close to Waterloo and Tate Modern.We went out for a night in Covent Garden and paid £7 for a taxi back to the door which we thought was good.Would stay here again.	
Dec 24 2004	A good functional hotel	A decent hotel in a decent location. It certainly isnt anything special, but I dont think it is supposed to be. The room size was average, staff were efficient, and price wasnt TOO over the top. I think this place will need a slight spruce up soon, as its on the verge of becoming a bit scruffy, but it's still clean and modern. If you are looking for a functional and clean hotel, and can get a decent price, it'd definately reccommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2004	Excellent!	While studying abroad in Ireland last semester my friend and I decided to spend a few days exploring London and Paris (May 2004). We stayed at the Mad Hatter at the end of our trip and after the disaster we found in Paris, this hotel was a godsend! The place is very easy to find and is within walking distance to Waterloo Station (where the chunnel comes and goes). It's also well within walking distance to several attrations. The room we got was a very good size in European standards (I felt like I was at a Holiday in the US). And everything was clean and neat (if not a little worn around the edges). The TV had lots of channels, the beds were very comfortable, the pub was good, and the bath was plenty big to relax in after a long day walking around London. Plus, the price couldn't be beat! I'd highly recommend this to anyone traveling to London!	
Mar 1 2009 	exactement ce que dont nous avions besoin !		
Jul 16 2008 	Nice Location near Victoria		
