Nov 11 2009	Bed Bugs...refused refund!	2 hours after checking in we found a bed bug in our room, which we discreetly took to show the manager and said we would have to find another hotel and asked for a refund. He assured us we had to get our refund back in Canada thru our travel agent via the booking agent, but it would be &quot;no problem&quot;. He admitted bed bugs were a problem in the whole area. Upon return, we found he had wrote an email to the booking agent blatantly lying and we were unable to get a refund. These are very unethical people! Do not stay here!	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location very poor customer service Glenda Australia	We arrived mid afternoon to be told our room was not ready. We were left sitting for over half an hour. Whilst we were waiting for our room a guest requested an iron, they couldn't be bothered to track one down so told her there wasn't any available. Another lady turned up for an interview which was held at the front desk for all to hear. Another guest booked in and was told there were no single rooms available and she had been upgraded to a family room. After sitting in reception for fourty five minutes I questioned the manager about our room only to be told it had been ready for some time and given a key to a grotty room out the back with old furniture and minimum facilities. It is a shame as the Hotel is in a great location in Paddington.	
Oct 14 2009 	Clean and friendly needs a makeover though!	My wife and I have just spent 2 nights at the Chrysos which was a little disappointing. Whilst the hotel was generally very clean,all the staff very friendly and the hotel in an excellent location, we thought it was not good value for what we paid. Our room (No 34) was very small for a twin, should have been a single really! The bathroom is tiny,I am not large (11 stone) and found washing in the sink a problem. I guess a larger person would have to keep the bathroom door open to manoeuvre around it! There were many faults, sink plug would not work (2 calls for the maintenance guy) T.V. reception awful (new cable fitted) radiator control fell off (re-fitted by me) free WI-Fi unavailable from 3rd floor upwards (confirmed by other guests) and to top it off the reading lamp failed on our second night. Looks as if they have carried out some refurbishing, new beds,bedding, curtains and bathroom fittings but have not redecorated which spoils the overall appearance. I would recommend this hotel though as I guess not everyone has had a bad experience and given that there were some very good points to the hotel. To be honest if my wife was not in St Mary's Hospital having a heart operation I would have kicked up more of a fuss.	
Aug 27 2009 	Very Enjoyable	Very friendly staff. Booked triple room which had 3 single beds which was ideal. Room was basic however iron and hairdryer were available on request. Plenty of room for the 3 of us, beds and bathroom were spotless. Only a couple of things let it down - no bath mat as bath very slippy when in shower - in fact one of my friends fell and hurt herself and the 2nd was lack of effort when hoovering room. But these were the only 2 minor issues we had. Breakfast was okay.On the whole a very enjoyable stay - staff were excellent. Would recommend for a quick reasonably price stay in the capital.	
Aug 4 2009 	Child friendly hotel in excellent location	We stayed ay the hotel for a weekend in a family room. The room wasn't huge but there was plenty of space for 3 of us. It was spotlessly clean and the staff were all pleasant and helpful. It is 5mins walk from Paddington Station and just round the corner from The big bus tour route where you can pick up tour bus to Hyde Park and all round London sights. Hyde Park and Oxford St are a 15-20min level walk away. Paddington mainline and tube stations are 5mins walk away.There are lots of cafes,restaurants and takeaways just around the corner but the hotel is in a quiet square with a small park in front.We chose to have continental breakfast but full english was available.I particularly liked that the 11 yr old child with us was made so welcome by everyone,especially the front of house staff.	
Jul 31 2009 	It's alright there are worse places	The hotel is located on a small street just in front of a park. The roads form a rectangle around the park and it is basically only hotels all around the park. Only local circulation is allowed around the park, so you can't get squished by a car as long as you remain there. The exterior is quite nice, well it is basically identical to all the hotels next to it. The area seems pretty safe at night, there's a lot of tourists so it's not uncommon to see people roaming around late and I didn't see any bothersome or suspicious people. There's a bigger street right next to the park and there's two pubs, an italian restaurant, two tiny stores selling food and cigarettes(they stay open late), at basically a 30 second walk. I don't recommend going to the italian restaurant, the food isn't really good and it's very noisy. I wanted pasta with sauce rosée, but they didn't have any on their menu, what kind of italian restaurant doesn't have that? Anyways...The paddington station and the metro entrance are a 2 minutes walk away. Although it's nice, I don't find this particularly relevant. The paddington station is only good if you plan on taking a train towards the west-north outskirts of the city, if you plan on going towards another direction you will need to use a different station. Moving around is very easy in london, it's maybe a 20 minute ride in metro to arrive to another train station. Don't pick this hotel if it's just for the paddington station. Now for the hotel itself. The first thing I noticed was the smell, and the carpets. Now there is always - constantly - a lady spraying air fresheners, everywhere and on everything. In fact, as we were entering the hotel, the lady was spraying some on the sofas in front of the counter. And for the week I was there, a lady could always be spotted in the process of spraying, on the carpet, in the air, no place is left unsprayed. Now the most troublesome aspect of all in this hotel is the carpets. These carpets are literally full of moisture, you can smell and see it immediately. At some places, the carpet is stained and wet - as if someone had put water on it. The smell is really bad at some places. This is no doubt the reason why they constantly spray air fresheners, in an attempt to cover up this smell. To me this is utterly ridiculous, obviously the owner is no good at understanding the concept of taking care of a building. The carpets are puffy and attract moisture, they need to be removed and replaced with industrial carpets before the moisture starts to rot the flooring. They also need to open the windows or install a dehumidifier to make sure not too much moisture accumulates. They also need to stop spraying, it's very bad for health. The walls are also full of moisture at certain spots, it's a real problem. Don't pick this hotel if you have allergies to this. Now - the room. Luckily, my room was OK. The carpet was good, and there wasn't any moisture inside. Everything was good with it, until I checked the bed. Hairs from the previous people. And the more I looked in the small cracks and spaces, the more hairs I found. I resigned myself to sleeping on top of the cover and using the blanket I got on the airplane, and not using the pillow. Definitively not fun. I'm not sure if they even changed the sheets or if they just left those of the people before me. That's probably the worse stuff to happen in a room. The dinning room is downstairs, which kind of sucks and is a waste because there's a park in front of the hotel, if they had made the dinning room upstairs them we could have seen outside while eating, which would have been cool. Luckily, there's no carpets in the dinning room, and no spraying, so you're not likely to vomit your food. The hot breakfast is alright.. I suppose, to some standards. It's basically bacon or sausages, eggs, ham, and beans. I can't really think of something more unhealthy than that. It's kind of fun the first 2 days, I never eat stuff like that usually. But for a week? You get real tired of it. There's toasts and cereals. Now here's the thing about the cereals, one particular cereal tasted like moisture. I don't know what happened to it, but it absorbed moisture or the smell of moisture, anyway something definitively happened. I don't know where they store this stuff, but yeah that's really gross.You're way better off getting a hotel without any breakfast plan and just go to a family restaurant and eat what you actually want for breakfast. Or go to a grocery store and buy something there. The staff is made out of at 90% of the breakfast staff ladies, who also are the cleaning ladies. Most of them seem foreign, and work there for money, not really sure what's the pattern there. They're mostly nice. The counter staff is greek, and one in particular was nice and helpful. Actually this hotel is owned by a greek business guy, hence the weird &quot;chrysos&quot; name. I believe I saw the owner, he didn't identify himself as such, but he acted like he owned the place, so either the owner or the friend of the owner. I met other tourists who went to slightly cheaper more popular hotels like the royal national, and the president hotel and they had absolutely awful times. Noisy, dirty and such. This hotel seems like a decent hotel considering there is basically nothing good in the price-range.If you're poor, you should consider this hotel. If you pick another hotel at the same price, you might end up with something really awful. Atleast this was somewhat decent, and it's a very small hotel, so it's not as overbearingIf you can afford more expensive hotels, go for it, in london most hotels suck except those you pay more for. I hope you enjoyed my throughout review :P	
Jul 16 2009 	Very Good Location - Simple and Clean	In an expensive city like London , Chrysos offers reasonable prices in a very good location (near Paddington station) .The rooms are small but clean and the breakfast is good .I always stay there and nothing disatisfied me ever .	
Jan 1 2009 	We think they overbooked...	When we arrived at the Chrysos Hotel for our two night stay, we were told that our room was not available due to &quot;water damage&quot;. We saw no evidence of water damage in the hotel or workmen repairing said damage. We were sent across the street to the Shakespeare Hotel for one night (see our TripAdvisor review of the Shakespeare Hotel). We were promised champagne and chocolates to compensate for our inconvenience. This did not happen. In our opinion, we think they overbooked and sent us across the street to a cheap hotel while we paid for a better quality room than was provided. We were able to check into our room the next day which was on the fifth floor. The elevator seemed shakey to me so I took the stairs if at all possible. Our room was supposed to be air-conditioned, it was not and we spent an uncomfortable night in the heat of the top floor. The only bright spot was that the bathroom had recently been renovated and was clean. The breakfast was just passable, nothing fancy. We would not stay here again because we could not be sure whether the room we PAID for would be available.	
Nov 13 2008 	Loved it!	We travelled to London on the 1st November 2008 and stayed for 7 nights at Chrysos. We checked the hotel's review in tripadvisor before we made the booking. I must say that the hotel and its service exceeded our expectations. Of course, one should not compare it to a 5 star hotel but it's good value for the money we paid. The service we received from the front desk was very good and friendly. The room we had was very clean. The size of the bathroom was alright compared to some other hotels which I have stayed. Also, the water pressure in the shower was good and heater in the room was adequately warm. Breakfast was the usual choice of English or continental breakfast. What we expecially like about the hotel is, it is located very closeby to paddington station, about 4 to 5 min walk away and its location is equally convenient for those who use the Heathrow Express from or to the airport, like we did. There are a few pubs and restaurants around the vicinity of the hotel, which made food easily available. Also, there is a convenient store located closeby the hotel. Overall we enjoyed our stay in this hotel and we will definitely go back there again in our next trip!	
Sep 28 2008 	Very Good Value	I stayed here for a week in July with my husband and teenage son in a triple room. I had expected the room to be extremely small but while it was smaller than North American standards, we had ample room and did not feel confined. The room was immaculate and always kept clean by housekeeping staff. It was a hot week in London when we were there so we appreciated that the window could open and we left it ajar all the while we were there as the hotel does not have air conditioning. Our only complaint was that the bathroom was far too hot - we asked to have the heat turned off but that only happened once and then it was on again - think it was the towel bar.The breakfast is adequate and enough to get you started. Location is excellent and like others have said, just a few minutes from the Paddington Station which is also convenient for the Heathrow express. Good grocery marts in the Paddington station which we used frequently to buy water and fruit. Hotel and location was very quiet as well. Front desk was also very helpful.If you take any of the Premier Tours, the pick up is at the Hilton right beside Paddington Station and this was great for us, since we took 2 of the tours out of the city.Would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Aug 20 2008 	The Perfect Hotel	I've been in Chrysos Hotel with my wife and my son of 9 years old in July 2008: I' had seen some reviews about this Hotel and I had chosen it for the cheap price (less than 600 pounds for a triple room for 7 days - breakfast aan taxes included), but when I arrived I was very surprised 'cause it was better than I could imagine; the recepionist and all the staff was kind and polite, the room was large, clean and in excellent condition with a big window looking at a nice park just in front of the hotel. The breakfast was OK (there was'nt plenty of food but, anyway, it was enough for my taste). The hotel is in Norfolk Square, a green and nice place with a lot of other cheap hotels. Nearby Norfolk Square there are a lot of restaurants, fast food, bars, grocery. I advice to eat to &quot;Dickens Tavern&quot;, a nice Pub where you can eat in a relaxing envirement spending not more than 7 or 8 pounds for each one. Here you can find not only turists, bat also native.There is another good reason to stay in Chrysos hotel: the underground station (Paddington) is far only two blocks and so, it' easy to reach every part of London in short time. If you want to walk, you can reach in five minute Hyde Park where you can relax yourself. Next time I'll go to London I'm sure I'll come back to Chrysos Hotel!	
Jul 15 2008 	Good place to stay	A nice 3* hotel in a good place in London. It is 2 minutes walk from Paddington, both the railway and tube stations. Or 6 minutes walk from The Lancaster Gate underground staion. Not to mention also 5 mintes walk distamce to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens.As for service - IMHO it's the best you would expect in a small 3* hotel: polite and helpful personnel, clean rooms (though really small ones), clean facilities, everyday room service, substantial English breakfast well served and long lasting - up to 10:00 AM.Pleae note: hairdryer and kettle in the room are not provided by default, you need to request it. As you request - no problem, they give it to you.Nico, the hotel manager appeared to be absolutely reasonable and helpful.BTW, among usual free maps in the lobby they had red maps of London that provide 20% discounts for different places of interest in London. We used it, it works.So my wife and me, we stayed there for a week, and found our stay quite comfortable and worth the money we have paid for it.	
May 22 2008 	Not very good	A quite clean place and relatively quiet .However , the staff rarely smiled ( I don't think the kitchen staff ever do ) and the walls were very thin . Don't even think about turning your tv up so you can easily hear it . You will get a complaint from the next room. And don't let the guy at the front desk call you a taxi.We did and it cost us 18 pounds to go from the hotel to King's Cross , a trip that should have cost maybe 5 or 6 pounds. A trip of almost the same distance ( Victoria Station to the hotel ) cost us less than 5 pounds.However , as I said it is clean and fairly quiet.There are pubs and restaurants very close by and Paddington Station is a block away.	
Mar 23 2008	Disliked the Chrysos	We recently stayed 4 nights at the Chrysos hotel and were very disappointed with our stay. The room was so small we could hardly fit in with our luggage. The bed was placed under the window and you had to climb over it to get in, a hard back chair was at the end on the bed and allowed no room to walk around. The glass ceiling light was cracked and the room was very, very hot, but we could not leave the window open, while out, as the window was next to the fire exit stairs. The fire exit was used all hours of the night and the door was always being slammed, this made it very hard to sleep. We were very concerned with safety and the fact that people were coming up the fire exit. We reported this to the desk and were told they had adult teams staying with them. The shower head was not properly attached to the wall and the shower stall is so small, even for the average person. We recieved only soap as an amenity. At breakfast the juice/milk containers were always empty, There was no yogurt or fruit with the continetal breakfast and the toast was the thinest bread I have ever seen in my life and for some reason, 3 mornings only 1 side of the toast was toasted. We requested brown bread, but had no luck in recieving it. The cooked breakfast was not good, the egg was unedible, it had been cooked a long time prior to being served. We never found the bar that was advertised, but I did get a hairdryer after asking at the desk . We would not reccomend this hotel to anyone going to London. I have just seen this hotel advertised in a package deal as a 3 star plus, which is ridiculous.	
Feb 11 2008 	2 Star Room	I agree with the reviewer from Antwerp. I booked a triple room and was expecting a 3 star room. What I got was a two star room.The balcony window/door was flimsy and insecure, The bathroom had no toilet brush and 1 ply toilet roll. the soap was not replaced with new soap. The bathroom door was baddly fitted and stuck.The bedding was clean, the decor was basic, the flooring was cushioned vinyl rather than carpet. We were promised Satellite TV and Internet in the rooms...not likely!Didn't want to risk the inclusive breakfast given the overall ambience, which is more guest house than hotel really.	
Jan 4 2008	Everything you want 	We stayed here Dec 07 and from the minute we got there we were treated very well by all staff, extremely friendly &amp; professional.The location is 1 minute from the underground &amp; all other transport. Lots of shop &amp; restaurants seconds away. Rooms are small but clean and the breakfast is an added extra.I will stay here again!	
Sep 29 2007	Excellent hotel great experience!	This is a great little hotel in a quiet square about 2 minutes from Paddington Station. Lots of shops, restaurants, internet cafes and a handy all night corner shop just down the street.Room was very nice and comfortable, very very clean. Not large, but that's to be expected in London!Complimentary Continental or English breakfast is offered as well, a nice added perk. You won't leave hungry, that's for sure!Very friendly staff, always saying hello when we would arrive back at the hotel at night.All in all, excellent hotel, and I would stay here again, no question.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great location friendly staff	I stayed at this hotel during a trip to see my boyfriend. This was the second hotel I stayed in after he went back to work, the first being the Central Park Hotel. This was by far my favorite hotel there. The room was on the top floor, it was small, being a single twin, I expected it to be, but the bathroom was clean and the bed was comfortable. The location was very convenient, only a block or so from Paddington Station. There were many charming pubs nearby to eat at and an internet place as well. The Full english breakfast that was included with my stay was more than enough for me and I was able to do a lot of sightseeing on my full stomach with minimal extra food expense. The only downside of my stay was that the phone in my room didn't want to work but the hotel staff was more than willing to let me use their front desk phone to call my boyfriend in Wales. Little things can always go wrong in any hotel stay but the staff at the Chrysos was always polite and willing to do what they could to make my stay a comfortable one.	
Jun 23 2007 	great location	Great,quiet location...5 mins walk to Paddington Station...lots of eating places on your doorstep...clean hotel...free breakfast included which was good...not much in the way of amenities but for a great price and a good location with friendly staff this hotel is hard to beat...sure you could spend £100's more on better quality hotels but at the end of the day in London you only want a good bed at the end of a tiring day.Highly recommended	
Jan 11 2007 	Less than it looks	I stayed at this hotel for four nights with Christmass 2006.I booked a triple room in a what they call a 3 star hotel.What we actually got was a maximum 2 star bedroom with many problems:- the central heating was broken- we couldn't open the windows- the whole room really needed a paintjob- there are no internet facilities in the room (although they write it on their flyers)- the breakfast was just bad (only one slice of cheese per person)- the promised me a room with a couch corner, but there wasn'tThe pluspoints are that the internet is free, but when you want to use it you got to go to the reception. Further are the personel very helpfull and it's only 5 min walking from the hotel to the nearest underground station.	
May 19 2006	Centrally located well priced	Well priced, functional and well located overlooking a Square (which means a garden) in Paddington, London. Extreme value for money and would not hesistate to recommend to anyone who wants Central London at a reasonable price. 10 mins away from Oxford Street. A smiley and friendly receptionist - makes all the difference to an extra *.	
Oct 7 2009 	????????????		
Aug 20 2009 	Hotel limpio buena zona buen servicio habitación bastante antigua.		
Aug 6 2009 	Le meilleur comme le pire		
Mar 24 2009 	Carino economico e in perfetta posizione		
Mar 10 2009 	ho chiesto una matrimoniale all'arrivo ho trovato una doppia		
Feb 27 2009 	Quartiere ben servito e centrale		
Feb 23 2009	Super Lage gutes und günstiges Großstadthotel		
Jan 21 2009 	Muy contenta		
Aug 18 2008 	tres déçue !		
May 18 2008 	simple mais sympa		
Jan 2 2008	Hôtel à recommander		
Dec 28 2007 	Bon emplacement		
Jun 15 2007 	Bien situé propre et confortable; je recommande		
May 16 2007 	Hotel Chrysos hat unsere Erwartungen weit übertroffen		
