Nov 8 2009 	good location average hotel.	Just thought give a update of this hotel, stayed here on the 7th nov for the night while seeing the top gear live show. close to the earls court which was really good :) the hotel is nice overall, good reception area with lounge, nicely decorated.The room that stayed in had 2 double beds down in basement, couple of stairs to go down, room was tidy, clean(bed sheets had few marks on them), the tv was bad, reception not good, kept cutting out and skippin back to sky3 lol bathroom is tiny, everything is so close, sink,toliet and shower(shower was alrite tho) noise coming from chairs or tables moving upstairs at around 630am onwards, walls are thin, can hear peolple next door!Otherwise its a average hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	small room and tiny en-suite but friendly and helpful	Location is excellent - 4 minute walk from Earls Court tube station. Receptionists were friendly and helpful - got us to our room at 11am and looked after our suitcase after checkout while we went to the city.Twin room was small but was reasonably clean and had the basics. However ensuite was very small	
Oct 10 2009 	Can’t believe the place is still in business!	My Girlfriend and I regrettably choose the Lexmark without checking up on trip advisor first! As another reviewer mentioned it is clear the owner invested heavily on the lobby area and with good reason, to give you this false illusion of things to come.....Note reception will insist on taking the full payment for your stay prior to check out. Once we had crossed the point of no return we were greeted by a damp musty smell in the corridor (not a good start) upon entering our room further disappointments. TV hanging off the wall supported by a hand towel... disgusting rotting smell in the toilet, cupboard with leg missing, rusted ancient balcony doors unsecured and lumpy bed.Reception now offered a twin room on the lower level. EVEN WORSE. The lower level corridors smelt of cannabis our second TINY room offered dirty tea tray, tasteless plastic &quot;Euro 96&quot; bin with rubbish still in, two rat poisoning kits on display, used cotton buds/rubbish swept under the beds again.Exhausted! reception &quot;upgrade&quot; us to the family room (top floor) Basic, no hot water and shower rail fell off on my foot Breakfast was awful AVOID AVOID AVOID!	
Sep 8 2009 	worst hotel ever in 10 years of business travel	first room: smallest double room ever one person had to lie on bed if other person wanted to move around / no table,chair or even bedside table/bed linen dirty / towels dirty / black hairs in the bed, sink and on the tea tray / tea tray filthy and dusty - probably not used for ages / bathroom stank of mould and air freshener/ tv did not work properly/ lightbulbs in room did not work/ rat poison in unclosable cupboard/ gave up and complained and were relocated to a 'family' room...family room: better size and at rear of hotel so relatively quiet/ bed linen and towels even dirtier than first room/ no hot water in shower or sink/no batteries in tv remote and tv did not work properly/very dangerous 13 amp socket hanging out of wall BEHIND the bed which will cause a fire very soon/nowhere to hang wet towels/room cold and fire dod not work/worst breakfast ever - cheap sliced bread, croissants and fruit - did not even bother second morning/possible the most disappointing hotel i have ever stayed at - cheap yes but i would rather have spent extra and stayed elswhere.we thought we had stumbled on a reality tv show to see how much guests could take before cracking up - avoid at all costs !!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Great location average hotel	The service was pretty average - when we had a problem with the blinds being broken, I had to ask if we could move to another room instead of being offered. The only other room available was on the below ground level, which was dark, smelly (dank) and unsecure (someone could just walk off the street and access the room through the window), so we just had to deal with the sunlight streaming through the window in the morning.The room was pretty tiny, but clean; once we had 2 suitcases on the floor, there was no room to move. The bathroom was poky too, had to walk sideways to get into the shower!Location is excellent, a short walk to Earl's Court tube, restaurants and museums. Breakfast was okay - the coffee is terrible, you're better off grabing one whilst you're out.Loved the location, disliked the size of the room and the service.	
Jul 22 2009 	Impersonal a bit depressing but not the worst place ever I suppose	I paid £52 for a single room, which in this part of London is about as cheap as you can get unless you book 6 months in advance. The hotel is staffed by ladies who look extremely bored and are not-overly friendly but they are not overtly hostile either. They are OK. Most of the money has been spendt on the lobby and lounge area. The corridors are a bit stuffy/smelly, and the lift had graffitti in it. My room was roughly 9 feet by six feet, and the windows faced a brick wall. Pigeons gathered outside my window and crapped on the open pane, I was worried they would get in. Bathroom was clean and smart but the shower head's bracket was loose and I had to hold the shower head to stop it flopping over. There was no tea and coffee facilities in room and there was no lampshade on the single bulb in the ceiling. There were no bedside or overhead lights. The wardrobe was a weird affair: a big brown smelly thing which sort of fused with the wall and ran into the window. However, there was quite a nice plasma screen TV on a bracket at the foot of the bed. So that's where they have spent the money. The walls also had some unpleasant-looking marks (blood?) on them.Breakfast was a problem. As a single traveller I had nowhere to sit (not enough tables), so I had to stand at the back of the room like a creep (I wanted a table) until one of the staff noticed me and asked a table if I could join them. Fortunately they agreed. Thanks, Italian couple! Breakfast consists of cereals, toast, cheese and fruit (and sweet pastry) there were no cold meats (which are actually an important part of a real continental breakfast), and there was no yoghurt. When I left there was an annoying problem. They ask for a £5 deposit for a card key and after returning my key I was 15 minutes down the road before realising the reception woman hadn't given me my £5 back. So i had to trudge back to tell her, she didn't seem to recognise me (even though I had been there 15 mins ago!) and looked in her register to see I had not signed for my deposit. So she gave it back, but without much apology. Overall the place is not terrible, but I wouldn't stay for more than one night. I would find the ambience of the place to be slowly soul-destroying. Then again, it's £52 a night. I also found it a good 20 mins walk from Earl's Court too. OK - rant over. Cheers.	
Jun 26 2009 	Not all bad	I have stayed in this hotel 3 times now, first under its previous owners when it really was a dump, then last year when it was taken over and again this year.The rooms are small but clean; there were scratch marks on the walls from previous guests cases and a few things that you don't like to see, but for the price I wouldn't be expecting perfection.Receptionist on the day I checked in was a bit snobby and impolite but other than her all staff friendly.Breakfast was alot better this year, fresh fruit, cereal, bread for toasting, cheese and pastries all well laid out, only problem is still that if you hit the breakfast room at a bust time you will have to wait on a table, but again other guests are the big problem, long finished their breakfast there were a few who sat on reaqding newspapers and working at laptops when they could have moved to the reception/lounge area to free up a table.	
May 21 2009 	dreadful	I stayed here, thankfully just for one night, as it was cheap (ish, at £55) and a convenient location and I had a business meeting the following day.The main problem was the dreadful smell from the bathroom - like rotting cabbage. I'd arrived late, was very tired and so didn't ask for a change of room (couldn't be bothered to wait for the very slow lift, just needed to get to bed) but it was a mistake not to have asked. I had to keep my head under the pillow to try to avoid the smell, but all the next day I could still smell it - stuck to my clothes and my hair - yuk!During the night I was kept awake by the next door room's tv (why are people so inconsiderate?) I couldn't find reception on the phone so knocked (quite gently!) on the partition wall - it was about half past 11 then - to be greeted with a voice saying &quot;well [----] you then&quot; followed by this person coming out of his room to hammer on my door - got to say as a lone female I felt very threatened. Not the hotel's fault but unpleasant. At 3.30am I said, in a normal voice but with some desperation, please turn the tv down - at which point it immediately went off - clearly even a normal speaking voice is audible between rooms.Bed was lumpy, not exactly what I'd expect of a 3* hotel - I wasn't after frills but there are certain things you assume will be there??? In the morning, I waited 10 mins for the shower to get warm, took ages over the shower as there is so little water coming out and I had to wash my hair (and get the shampoo out), had to borrow a hairdryer from reception as there was none in the room, this barely worked (blew a little cool air) - all in all this took so long that I didn't have time for breakfast.On the plus side, the room was clean and the staff were friendly and helpful, but that didn't make up for what was a dreadful experience. And this is 3*?? Stay in the Grange Strathmore up the road instead - I couldn't afford it this time (you need last minute rates to be comparable in price to here) but there's a world of difference. I thought all I needed was a bed in a clean room and that nothing else mattered - and technically this had a bed in a clean room - but it's not enough. Don't stay here!	
May 13 2009 	Below average hotel - more like a 2* "B	We stayed at this hotel because it was one of the cheapest we could find near Earl's Court. For a compulsory trip to this area it served its purpose. But we would not stay there again. The main problems were:Trickle of a shower that was cold on both days we stayed there. We managed to get luke warm water once after 5 minutes of running the shower.Tiny bathroom - I mean you couldn't close the door without feeling like you were trapped in a dark broom cupboard.The furnishings were broken - ripped lampshades, tea-stained bedding.The breakfast was like a B&amp;B buffet - and you had to make your own tea and coffee from pots of instant stuff. So lots of different people's hands on the bread and tea bags and fruit made for not the most hygenic of breakfasts.All in all, it is more like a 2* B&amp;B.	
May 13 2009	DONT STAY HERE	This hotel is small but you feel safe in your room. We asked for an extra blanket and were told that you can only have one blanket per bed. We did manage to grovel enough to get one but the next moring they took it back. When asked for an extra door key we were told that they were limited on the number of door keys they had to give out. The room was very small we stayed in a room with 2 almost twin beds. The bed I had was so uneven you had to hug the wall all night to try and stay level. They did have a very small closet that you could hang a few pieces of clothing. The bathroom was so very small the shower was all glass, you feel like you might be on camara with the see through shower. There are no towel bars to hang your wet towles on so you have to drape them all over the room. They are no holders for the tissue paper so you have to worry about it getting wet in the minascule bathroom. You can shower, brush your teeth and use the toilet with making many steps. The desk clerks are so unfriendly that you wonder why you spent your hard earned money here. The breakfast was the only good thing about staying at this motel. You get toast, fruit and cereals. There is also tea, coffee, and different juices and milk. The location is great you are within minutes of the tube station and all the really great sights. If you are looking for a great location this is it. If you are looking for customer service or a place to stretch out this is not it. We had to go to nearby hotels to get direction to attractions. This hotel is trying to get by the cheapest way and so far it looks like they are succeding. Do not expect clean sheets for the almost twin beds. You do get fresh towles but once used you have no where to place them . Be wary the phone falls off the wall and the cable is always falling out of the socket. When I come back to London I will NOT consider staying here. If at all possible avoid this place and the unfriendly staff..	
May 2 2009 	1 lexham gardens hotel (london earls court) by blr	The location is super. (The tube is just 5 min away)Also the aera is very nice and has good some restaurants nearby.The rooms are clean, but tiny, really tiny.The bathroom/shower is clean, but not useable,coz it is sooooooo small.I am a small person and even I didnt fit into that shower. That says something.I had to shower with half of my body outside the shower.I dont know if all showers are that small, or if that was the one just in my room.Yah the wall are very thin. So u have to talk very low-voiced.The breakfast is fine.The hotel is good budget saver, especially for tht location. It is hard to find such a hotel so close to the city centre for this price.If time isnt a big issue for u, then I would recommend one ibis hotel, which is not so close to the city centre, but offers a cheaper rate and a shower !	
Apr 22 2009 	Do not book this hotel!	What was good: The breakfastWhat was bad: There was a loss in our room discoverd when we were going to leave. The receptionist was totally untroubled but promised us that the General Manager should contact us. I had to write two emails and wait two days before the General Manager answered. He did not take the responsibility that we had expected.Don't book this hotel!	
Apr 22 2009 	A smart clean PERFECTLY located hotel at AFFORDABLE Prices	My daughter and I stayed in this hotel in the february half term holidays. I had booked the Lexham Gardens hotel online due to the perfect location for museums etc., I then read the reviews and to be honest I was worried that I had made a big mistake! Decided to see for myself and took a chance, and was very glad I did. The staff greeted us warmly, were very helpful, and yes they smiled too. They were all really nice to my 12 year old daughter, which you dont get in all hotels, (we were all young once)! The room, though not a football pitch in size, was clean, (as was the en suite shower room), tidy, tastefully decorated and very warm, we did have to open the window, which is not common in February, but better that than freezing cold. Breakfast was fantastic, with so much choice and once again, the dining area was clean, tidy and perfect for our getaway. All in all, a great hotel, at a great price, and one we would definately visit again, maybe in the Summer holidays this year if all goes well. Thankyou all for a lovely stay.	
Apr 9 2009 	I wish i paid an bit more for somewhere better	I stayed overnight as i was off doing some things for the whole day and wouldnt make the last train home to where i live in kent, so needed somewhere close to earls court, simple, easy and yet most importantly - Cheap. The staff are all foreign so dont expect to feel like your in england; if you are an overseas tourist it will feel like your at home still. Which might be the total opposite reason for your trip. The rooms are very basic, a single room has half a bed. And a bathroom i couldnt fit into properly. The hotel is not sign posted very well inside, i got lost and ended up in the staff area and was told off. No signs saying where the reception was so not my fault. I thought the staff were quite rude and didnt enjoy my stay but for £48 its fairly cheap and its still better than sleeping in a shop doorway. Next time im going to stick in an extra £20 quid and stay in the ibis.	
Mar 30 2009 	Other than location... expect nothing!	Upon arrival, i asked for a room with a double bed due to my height. The receptionist was friendly and arranged for a room.After viewing the hotels photo's on line, i was expecting a clean and simple, well appointed room. The room was tiny at best, the carpets were stained, the night frill running around the base of the bed was filthy, the pillows on the bed were lumpy overused hollow fibre, and the adjustable shower (which was my major concern), was broken, so the only way i could use it, was in a fixed position three feet from the ground. I laid a complaint at reception regarding the shower, i was clearly ignored, so i complained again on my 2nd day, still nothing, on the 3rd day they said they would send someone to fix it, when it still was'nt fixed i questioned why, and the response i got was, ''Our guy took a look, and said there was nothing wrong with it''. At this point i decided to let it be, and stop allowing this circumstance ruin my holiday, i carried through my remaining two days, and can honestly say, i was ellated to leave! On a high note, the bed linen and towels were clean, and it is very conveniently located for london sight seeing.	
Mar 4 2009 	Good value - Clean and Convenient	I stayed two nights here and considered it good value for money. I'd certainly stay there again.I've stayed in several budget/tourist hotels in London over the years, and this was definitely one of the better ones. My (single) room was spotlessly clean, with a flat screen TV and new bathroom. It was on the small side but this is to be expected in London budget hotels. One of it's little quirks was that I had to run the shower for a couple of minutes to get hot water in the morning. The odd thing was that the hot water in the sink came on straight away! My room was at the back on the third floor so noise from outside wasn't a problem, although I noticed that the walls were pretty thin - I could hear the people next door if they raised their voices.The Breakfast area was bright and recently decorated. Breakfast consisted of juices, teabags and instant coffee, cereal, white and brown sliced pan (toasters available), croissants, cheese, fruit and some tempting pastries.The location is not bad, just off the Cromwell Road. It's a few minutes walk away from Gloucester Road and Earl's Court Tube Stations. The Natural History Museum, Science Museum and the Victoria and Albert Museums are a 10-15 min. walk away. Hyde Park is a little further.	
Jan 21 2009 	Poor excuse for a hotel	Booked through lastminute.com as it was a reasonable rate and close to Earl'ls court. Thankfully I'd only booked the one night here's a list of what was wrong - - the room was tiny! I mean reaaally tiny, you couldn't even walk around the bed- my feet touched the wall when lying flat on the bed (i'm 6'2&quot;)- the mattress had a crater in it (springs we're obviously knackered)- the lampshades next to the bed were torn- the bathroom was as big as my wardrobe at home- the bathroom had the previous occupants rubbish in the bin- it was incredibly noisy, admittedly its London but nothing some decent windows wouldn't fix!- the blind fitted to the window was brokenbasically the worst 3* hotel I've stayed in	
Jan 21 2009 	Not really what we expected	We stayed at the Lexham Gardens on a family weekend with our two kids (7 and 9 years old). We chose the hotel because of the location, the low prices, the photos on the web site, and because they have family rooms. The four bed room was spacious enough for us, with a large closet and drawers for our clothes. The bathroom was also relatively big.It seemed clean at first glance, and we got new towels every day - which was necessary, since one of the negative things with our room was the lack of a towel rack or anywhere to hang the towels. It seemed as they forgot to do the finishing touch when they refurbished the place. The blinds in the bathroom window was both broken and dusty.The last day we pulled out one of the beds, to look for something the kids lost, and discovered that the wall behind the bed was wet and full of mildew. This was 20 cm from where our daughter had her head at night. We also discovered a disgusting white stain(!) on the bed cover.As mentioned in a lot of other reviews, the staff was totally not service minded, and seemed to be irritated by questions (since it disturbed them in reading gossip on their computer).The breakfast was quite good, except for the instant coffee and Celine Dijon on repeat on the CD player. The breakfast room was very small and we had to wait a while to get a table. A couple of the mornings we ate in the sofas in the reception, which made the staff give us the evil eye... We usually would not expect too much of a hotel at this price, but because of the pictures on the web site and also of the first impression when we got there, we raised our expectations too high, and got a bit disappointed. I think with some lessons in service (and language(?)) for the staff and a loving hand on some finishing details in the rooms, the standard would rise quite a lot.	
Jan 14 2009 	Not bad Not bad	Well located hotel, very small room (as shown in the hotel photos) however it had everything required apart from the tea and coffee making facilities. Our only bug bear was the scorching hot radiator situated at the base of the bed very close to our feet which we could not turn off!! Subsequently we had to leave the window open for the entire night, meaning that we had a bit of a sleepless night due to the high level of traffic noise. Apart from this, we had a thoroughly enjoyable stay.	
Dec 10 2008 	small but clean good location	I spent only one night at the Lexham Gardens hotel. As other reviewers have pointed out, it does feel a bit cramped, even though after reading other reviews I am fairly certain that room configurations vary quite a bit. My single room, while by no means large, was fairly comfortable, and the bathroom had a decent size. Again echoing what other reviewers have said, the big plus is the price and location, and the fact that the rooms are spotless. Indeed the staff was not particularly friendly but that didn't bother me much. One significant (for me) drawback was that wi-fi only works in the lounge next to the reception desk, which was disappointing.	
Nov 12 2008	give us a smile!	We booked for my birthday getaway, a short break in London. As a young couple we chose this hotel for location, value and because of the impression of the hotel from various pics. On arrival at the hotel we were impressed by the outside. Unfortunately our dreams were shattered as we stepped in to possibly the unfriendliest hotel in the world!!!!!! If you're travelling from abroad and are expecting a friendly smile and warm greeting, you will be disapointed here.We tried to spark up conversation about the recent refurb but were shot down with a bark and a growl. The reception area feels very fake, there is a very strange smell of cucumber,The room we stayed in was very small but clean and tidy no effort needed here and none shown. coffee sachets thrown on a silver paper plate, torn paper lampshades and storage space a mystery, On stepping into the bathroom I almost walked straight into the wall. but still it felt very clean, On reflection the room was sweet fresh simple. It was a good value stay. All that is missing is a smile and &quot;a how are you?&quot; even a spot of eye contact would be nice! Change the staffs attitude &amp; you will have a decent little place for all travellers. Brekkie fresh fruit and croissants.good. we had a great time anyway &amp; it made us chuckle they were so at being mean we thought they were acting. Fantastic location and good window. Will always have memorys of this place and thats the main thing aint it just?	
Nov 12 2008 	Not for claustrophobics	Clean, tidy and in a great location but as others have said, this hotel has issues with space! I had a single room on the 4th floor and after riding in the smallest lift known to man I came out in a maze of narrow corridors. The room was fine for me for one night but any longer and I would have found it very frustrating. There was a single bed, bedside table with kettle and a small wardrobe, oh and a flatscreen tv on the wall (which was the only way they could fit a tv in the space). The bed took up most of the room and there was nowhere to put my case except the middle of the floor!The bathroom was so small the toilet was crammed diagonally between the sink and the shower stall and anyone with a weight problem would have had trouble fitting in, seriously! There was also nowhere to hang towels or put toiletries. Also, you need to run the shower for a good 5 minutes before you get hot water and the pressure isn't great.Having said that, my room was at the back of the hotel so I had no problems with traffic noise or even noise from other rooms. The bed was very comfortable and everything was clean.Staff were not friendly or welcoming but were efficient with my check in.I would stay here again for 1 or 2 nights because of the price and the location but not for any longer than that, it is too cramped.	
Oct 20 2008 	This is not a three stars hotel!	I stayed there for 3 nights. I reserved a double room and was given a twin bed room, with separate beds. When I complained and asked for a double to the receptionist i was replayed there was no place in the hotel from an unfriendly receptionist who did not spend one more word to try to solve my problem. Same behaviour for any kind of request i may have had. If you go there, just don't ask any information to the reception girls, cause they will not help you or simply will give you the wrong information!The room is simply too small. The window curtain was falling vertically directly on one bed and almost over my boyfriend's face while sleeping. The toilette is as small as a shower. I've never seen such a small sink in all my life. You hardly manage washing your teeth there. Both in the room and in the toilette, you don't know where to place your things. They furnished the whole hotel at Ikea's, but they forgot to buy cheap hooks to hang things or at list a small and cheap shelve to place your shower gel while showing...The room was quite clean and they changed our tawels every day. Nice TV in there. The stairs moquette stinks and in the last night we've been woken up twice by a false fire alarm. Breakfast is ok if you are satisfied with an instant coffe and some croissants.	
Oct 15 2008 	Sssshh - really good value!!!	Previously known as the Shellbourne, I was impressed. I booked a single but got one of the (recently refurbished) doubles. Both it and the compact en suite were very clean and made up every day (not sure if I was lucky or the previous reviewer unlucky with their bedding - mine was spotless in every sense of the word). You get a wardrobe and a small table with tea/coffee facilities, but in the room I had there wasn't enough room for a bedside table, so if there'd been two of us, the one nearest the wall would have been climbing over the other to get out! But hey, that's London for you! I also personally found the noise from the traffic a little intrusive at night, but then I'm used to living in the countryside... My only real gripe was that when I booked (via travelstay.com), the info indicated there'd be a desk which I would have liked to do some work in the evenings.Check-in and out (note: payment by cash only) were efficient and hassle-free and I found the continental breakfast a good start to the day (cereal, fruit, crossiants, pastries, cold meats/cheese, toast, tea and (instant) coffee). Location is good too - safe and just a few minutes walk to either Earls Court or Gloucester Road tube stations, with plenty of decent eateries around (I especially recommend Ask in the Gloucester Road tube direction). Although they don't allow food in the rooms, you can bring stuff in from the nearby Waitrose or Sainsbury's and eat in the dining room if you want to go for a cheaper option in the evenings. There's also free (and fast) WiFi in the reception area if you need it. All in all I'd say this was seriously good value for London - I got my room for under £50 a night, and while I like exploring different places and hotels, will happily go back again.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great hotel	Very good hotel, especially for the price. Room very small but we didn't spend much time there. Very clean and bed comfortable. Bathroom small but very clean, hot water took awhile to work. Great location short walk to Earls Court tube station. Breakfast good, toast, juice, pastries, fruit tea and coffee in a cute quaint breakfast room.	
Sep 14 2008 	Loved the Shellbourne Hotel	We were eight persons, 4 adults and 4 children, and we stayed at Shellbourne between de 14 of August until the 15th. We were quite pleased with the size of the rooms, who were very good with a lot of space. The hotel had been recently re-furnished with ikea furniture, the rooms and bathroom were very clean, we had cofee and tea in the room, every day at our disposal, they were very nice and professional in keeping our luggage on our last day, after our check-out, until the time we went to pick it up.2 things they could improve: put some towel hangers in the bathroom and shower gel would be nice. The staff of the hotel, especcially the one that serves breakfast could be more friendly.Overwall it was a very nice stay.	
Sep 11 2008 	Nice hotel at the center	We stayed in a triple room, our first room was in the basement where there were 3 separate beds. The room was smelly, it had a very small bathroom, and there were spots on the sheets. After we complained about our room, they changed the room, we stayed on the fourth floor. As it was at the top, it was a bit cold, first night we couldn't get hot water for shower but then we understood how to manage it. You need to wait for a while and after that start taking shower with hot water. The new room was not very clean either, we still had some spots on the sheets, but we didn't mind this time. The bathroom was OK. Although the size of the room was reasonable, there was a problem about the design, you never know where to put your things. The furniture was new. The breakfast was very good with nice crouvasant and that type food...The hotel is very close to Earl's Court station. It is only 2 min. walk when you don't get lost:) I cannot say that the staff is very friendly. They were all right but you expect a bit more when you are staying abroad. I would again prefer to stay at this hotel next time I go to London if it were a bit cleaner.	
Aug 3 2008 	not for swinging cats	This is the smallest hotel room we ever stayed in. Not for swinging cats in. Also stuffy and very noisy given the street traffic outside. Not really worth a night's stay. Try somewhere else. Greed has led to the provision by subdivision of rooms that simply do not function as hotel rooms. Avoid like the plaque.	
Jun 29 2008	You get what you pay for	We used husband's last 15 years of air miles to purchase a holiday for 3 nights for 5 of us. Having read the comment about the fire risks, I was terrified when the fire alarm went off at 4am, but I was pleasantly surprised when the evacuation went well, with fire escape(at least from the 4th floor) functional.Fortunately, false alarm..The hotel is very well situated, meticulously clean, and the staff were pleasant.However this is a basic hotel. Our rooms were small though not unpleasant.Tea and cofee facilities, bathroom v.small, low pressure shower (&quot;like an eye dropper&quot; according to Australian guest - admittedly grumpy at being woken at 4am by false fire alarm).Don't miss the &quot;10 Golden Rules&quot; on the door- Stalinist rather than PC corporate!Breakfast feels pressured due to crowds of hungry fellow guests waiting for a free table. Tea, fruit juice, choice of 2 cereals, croissants and toast- but as much as you can eat, as long as you can continue to ignore the salivating onlookers.But hey, London is a very expensive place, This is not a rip off- you get what you pay for, and we would happily go again.	
Jun 19 2008 	Pay for what you get	Stayed one night in May 2008 at the Shelbourne. Charged £47, you have to pay in cash before you get to your room. They dont accept credit/debit cards which is a bit strange. I had a single room, small, but did the job for one night as I wasnt going to be spending alot of time in it. Clean room and bathroom which always goes along way in my book, clean sheets as well. bathroom was very small I just about got into the shower, but i survived. The hotel has an old lift which I felt was going to break down at any moment but it was fine. Didnt have breakfast so cant comment on that. At the end of the day its a hotel in an ok part of London, 5 mins walk from earls court, so if you pay £47like I did then its a good deal. Would stay again if doing budget.	
May 28 2008 	Scary Place-No fire escapes.	My wife and I booked this place over the net as a basic type hotel to stay in last December when we visited London from Ireland for Christmas shopping.Cash had to be paid in full upon arrival without seeing our room.Foolishly we stumped up.Then we saw our room!! It was tiny and very basic,but we were content enough with it as we were not planning to hang around only to sleep there.It was in the basement which again was ok but when we investigated the fire exits we found they were welded and did not open.The only exit was back up a tiny wooden stairway.The place is a complete fire hazard and is a tragedy waiting to happen.Chinese guy on reception said there won't be a fire because we don't have a kitchen!!!Had to argue and threaten them with health and safety before we got our cash back.So my advice is don't even entertain the idea of going to this place.Dangerous and hazardous.Yeah you might save a few quid but not worth risking getting burned alive.Hope this helps.	
May 2 2008 	great value	With a limited budget, I was looking for a hotel for an overnight stay convenient to Central London for a group of four schoolboys and accompanying teacher and spouse. The hotel seems to be in the process of changing its name.I paid £203 for B&amp;B for six people.The location was great - less than five minutes walk from Earl's Court tube station in a pleasant street. There was some noise at night from the adjacent main road at one side of the hotel, but no more than you would expect from the location and certainly not enough to keep you awake at night.The boys shared a room with 4 single beds, and having read other reviews, I was concerned that it would be very cramped, but was in fact impressed by how spacious it was - they had arguable more space than my husband and I.The rooms have recently been refurbished, and although quite small and simple, were spotlessly clean with decoration of a very high standard. The washbasin in the bathroom is little more than a hand basin. Rooms had TV and tea/coffee making facilities.Breakfast is a self-service affair (you make your own hot drink and toast!) but with unlimited juice (3 varieties), cereal, croissant, pain au chocolat and bread I felt it represented very good value.Staff were pleasant and helpful. It isn't ideal that the hotel doesn't accept cards, however.Not a luxury hotel, but for the location, I would agree with the reviewer who said that they got more than they paid for. For a similar trip I would not hesitate to return or recommend it.	
Apr 19 2008 	Pretty good and value for money	The photo's for this hotel on this site are outdated and doesn't do this hotel/Bed and breakfast any favours. The Shellbourne has recently been refurbished, so its really nice and clean when you stay there now. For recent photo's of this hotel check out - http://www.travelstay.com/pages/ShellbourneHotel.htm.I have read some reviews stating the rooms are small, but i have seen one room and stayed in another for one night and can honestly say they are spacious enough. There were three of us staying in one room with four single beds(cosy enough) and none of them were joined to save space and still we had enough room. The bathroom too, newly decorated and clean. Coffee and tea facilities in your room and a plasma tv. Breakfast is nothing special but it's there if you want a quick coffee/tea with toast, cereals and croissants etc.Location is a 10/15 minute taxi ride to main central London i.e Leicester Sq, this might be a hassle for those who want to be close to the main attractions but for me it wasn't a issue for one night celebrating my birthday. There is parking outside on the street outside the hotel which incidentally is free at weekends, again this was handy as we drove into Earls Court and left the car there then caught a taxi into the west end.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great hotel!	I was terrified about this hotel, but eventually it was fine! The rooms was kinda small, but they was nice decorated, cozy, confortable and clean! Cleaner was coming everyday when we was out, new sheets and towels everyday. The rooms had kettles, mugs and coffee/tea. The breakfast was OK. Someone said that croissants were &quot;rocks&quot;, but there was a microwave to warm them up (its an 3h open buffet honey..). there was coffee/tea, tosts, croissants, cereals, milk and butter/honey. Room had flat widescreen digital tv, a closet and 2 bed tables. Large windows and good lighting. There's a lift too!! It was pretty quiet at night and the area is pretty safe.. The tube station is 4mins away, there's a Sainsburry's 1min away, high street kensington is 8 blocks away (+gardens) and there's grocer's store +++ places to eat nearby tube station. I'm definatelly going back someday. It was way too much for what we paid!	
Nov 28 2007 	one of the better places i stayed in	i booked 3 hotels during my stay in london (its a long story that i wont explain here!). they were all similar in 'class' (about 3 star). the shellbourne was definitely better than what i expected considering what i paid. it was easily the best out of all the 3 i stayed in. i got a single room with private bathroom. both were spacious enough for occupant and luggage. breakfast was very average (stay away from the rocks they call croissants!). its a converted mansion house with a lift (surprisingly uncommon or often out of service in other places!) and nice clean rooms. the bathroom was modern. housekeeping never came too early but it was always done by the time i got back. about 5min walk from earls court tube station, assuming you find the shorter route. recommended if you're looking for a value-for-money place to stay in london.	
Oct 29 2007 	Cheap but.........	We booked a double room and we know that rooms in UK are small, but this was ridiculous! We got two single beds that were pushed togethercrosswise. Linen was good and clean. There was no room for both bedside tables to sit next to the bed. One bore the TV until, after 3 days, the TV was mounted on a wall bracket. Presumably an outside contractor had been let into the room in our absence and we were not warned in advance, posing security problems with our luggage.Yes the hotel is being remodelled, but detrimentally we suspect. Our brand new en-suite bathroom ( no bath, but shower, toilet and handbasin) had no toilet roll holder and no towel rails. One door of the new vanity cabinet would only open half way due to bad placement.We believe our room and at least one adjacent had been created out ofone much bigger room. We were on the 4th floor and the 2nd and 3rd were being worked on while we were there. We suspect other rooms on those floors will be reduced in size to increase capacity, to the detriment of the hotel -stay experience.We found some staff quite surly and definitely unused to the &quot;hospitality&quot; industry. Having paid for 4 nights through a hotel booking website at around 50 pounds per night we asked to stay an extra night and were quoted 78 pounds! The receptionist eventually agreed to let us have the extra night at the same rate as the rest of our stay. The 78 pounds quote was surprising in view of the fact that they would not have to pay booking agency commission. Parking outside is by meters, starting at 8.30 am until 7.00 pm and expensive. There is a good Sainsbury's supermarket 100 yards along Cromwell Rd. Nearest Tube Station is Gloucester Rd on the Picadilly Line (Heathrow Airport to Central London). This hotel is 100 yards INSIDE the London Traffic Congestion Charge Zone (8 pounds per day).	
Sep 20 2007 	pleasantly suprised	After reading the reviews I was resigned to a terrible stay BUT was pleasantly suprised.The hotel has obviously just been renovated and was fresh and clean looking.The lobby was very classy and the rooms very tidy.Beds comfy, lovely fresh linen and plenty of space.The bathroom smelt awful and the window didnt do up, but those were minor compared to what we were expecting!For a budget hotel it was great. Great location, friendly staff and even breakfast provided.Will stay again.	
Jun 15 2007	Great Price Great Area	We stayed at the Shellbourne for 10 days in May of this year and thought it was an excellent bargain hotel. The room we had was large, clean and quiet, with a private bath. The staff were unfailingly polite and professional and, although the hotel is being remodeled (don't plan to sleep in after 8 a.m.) and our room was a little worn around the edges, this is a terrific deal for London: our room cost 35 pounds a night in South Kensington! Lovely building on a quiet street and just two short blocks to the Earl's Court Tube station. Lots of reasonable restaurants and pubs close by and even a huge Sainsbury's Supermarket a block away. We were, quite frankly, very apprehensive about the Shellbourne after reading some of the older reviews, but our concerns proved groundless. One proviso: if you're fussy, the Shellbourne probably isn't for you. But if you're on a budget (or just hate to waste money) we think this hotel is a great bargain. The remodeled rooms are almost double the price, so ask for an older room if there are any left.	
Jan 30 2007	they could try harder	This seems to be the cheapest hotel in London at all. I booked by phone and was promised a basic room without anything for 30 pounds for 2 people....wow! When we arrived, the room was not available, cause the lady that took our order messed up. We got a better room for 90 pounds for the first night and then a room for 50 pounds for the next two. We were constantly reminded that the poor girl would have to pay the difference. Unfortunately our budget did not allow us to compensate. They were fair enough not to charge more than the promised amount.They are working on the hotel....looks very optimistic, breakfast was more than I expected...microwave available.....kettle available....near the tube. You can shop at Sainsburys and then heat your food in the microwave. The room for 90 pounds was renovated and very nice. The other one was terrible...not very clean, dusty, bedsheets were probably used before and there were mice at night eating on our supplies. Hot water was available, the window in the shower did not close...constant draft, bed is comfortable enough.If you need to save money, go for it. If you are particular on cleanliness, try something else.	
Jan 20 2007 	it's o.k	My boyfriend and I read the reviews on this website after we had already booked (a bit foolish) So when we arrived at the hotel we were expecting the worse. We stayed In November 2006!The first thing we noticed was that there was some work being done on the hotel (this could be a good thing for the future) but it didnt disturb us for our stay,The lady that greeted us on reception was very friendly and helpful, but when we went up to our room we found what we had expected to find- chipped out plaster in the door, missing lamps, bad wallpapering and a horrendous wardrobe. However, the cleanliness of the room was fine, and we were only needing a place to sleep, as we had planned to see London, and go out in the evening anyway!I would say that if you are on a budget, and your main concern is getting to see London, then this hotel is fine for 1 or maybe 2 nights. But if i were staying for a longer break, or would be in the room for longer lengths of time, then I would definately pay more for a different hotel that would offer a more comfortable stay!	
Nov 29 2006 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	We booked this hotel for a party of 18 going on a hen weekend, and because of the fantastic price didn`t have great expectations. We expected something clean but basic. We didn`t even get that! The hotel was a complete health and safety nightmare due to its building works! There was plaster coming off the walls, electric tools were left on the stair ways and the amount of dust was unbelievable!! Even if that hadn`t been going on the rooms were awful! They were dirty, full of graffit and too hot. Our room didn`t even have hot water or a shower curtain, and the toilet roll holder was made out of a bit of string! On one of the mornings I attempted to have a shower to find there was a massive beattle on the floor! The best thing about the hotel was that it made you want to get up early to either go sight seeing or shopping (anything to get out). This hotel deserves to be closed down and why it is still standing I will never understand!	
Nov 20 2006 	All right you get what you pay for!	I stayed at the Sellbourne Hotel last Oktober. It may doesn't look that nice from the outside, but what do you expect for paying 60 Pounds for a whole week?The staff is okay, they could be a bit more initative but that's all right. Especially the night staff is amazing. People there are friendly and help. We weren't allowed to see our rooms before paying and the elevator was broken the first day, but fixed in the night. For people that are used to high standards it may seem a bit shabby, because some spots miss a wallpaper, but there were works in the lower level, to improve the rooms. we even got a bigger room than we booked, because the hotel was full. we were in the very upper level in a nice maison. the room was a bit small and there were couple of hairs in the bed. one of the window couldn't be totally closed, but the heating works very well. our toilet was very clean and we also had warm water for taking showers. unfortunately there's not much space for your belongings. the breakfast is not very big, but it was enough. there is a fridge, if you want to cool your own food/ drinks. the hotel is in a nice neighborhood and next to a hospital and a sainsbury's is in 2 minutes walking distance. it's near the tube, so it's easy to reach and find. there are many internet cafes around and little shops to buy cheap food.	
Oct 12 2006	Scaring experience	I'm used to sleep everywhere, I usually do couchsurfing but I decided to go to London with my boyfriend and we wanted more intimancy. So, the hotel was the worst place to have it. The room was dirty, full of dust on the furnitures and hair on the sheets. The shower was with cold water and the walls were VERY thin. You pay for what you get, but you should have a minimum standard in cleaness!!!	
Oct 4 2006 	What a horrendous place!	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in my whole life! Tiny, ugly room with several holes in the doors and windows! Very uncomfortable bed, terrible shower with fluctuating temperature (either freezing or burning hot), awful breakfast (cold scrambled eggs and miserable toasts). Stay away from this hotel.	
Jun 21 2006	Get what you pay for	I arrived home today after staying for a week in the Shellbourne. For what we were paying, we didn't have high expectations. They want the whole fee paid upfront in cash before you even get to see your room, not being able to check it out, or pay with cheque/card is inconvenient. The room itself wasn't too bad, decorations had seen better days, but that didn't bother us too much. The beds were comfortable, although the option to have 2 pillows would've been an improvement. The TV didn't work very well, BBC1 and BBC2 were watchable, ITV was barely recognisable, C4 was a no go area, and oddly, Channel 5 was perfect.However, the private bathroom was a bit of a let down. Firstly, there was no shower curtain, or anything to separate the shower from the rest of the bathroom, so if you have a shower, the whole bathroom floor gets wet. The hot and cold taps on the shower were the wrong way round, so it took a while to discover we could actually have a hot shower. The sink was a bit dirty, and the cold water tap didn't seem to have a soft setting, fully on or off. The toilet would only flush once in a half hour period, so if you're sharing a room, watch what you eat. The lack of storage was also inconvenient, but to be fair, the rooms probably aren't designed for visitors over long periods.The staff were friendly enough, although if you were in your room when the cleaner came round, your room wouldn't get cleaned that day, there's nothing worse than coming back after walking around London to find damp towels still lying around. When the rooms were cleaned, they were cleaned well. The breakfast set up was good, plenty of bread for toast, orange juice, tea, coffee and condiments, and plenty of cornflakes too, and they all seemed to be good brand products too, my only gripe was that most days I slept in too long to be able to make it down by 10am.The area itself is very nice indeed, Earls Court tube station is a less than 5 minute walk if you go via Hogarth Road/Street, and there's a Sainsburys practically next door. Avoid the Italian restaurant across the street, our food took an eternity to arrive and when it did, was undercooked. Walk further down Cromwell Road and try Lorenzo's instead, the food is exceptional and the prices are very reasonable too.Overall, if you're not overly fussy and aren't staying long, I'd say it's cheap enough to give a chance, but I feel that a week was too long for me, and I'd be more inclined to try my luck somewhere else next time I visit London.	
May 11 2006	Absolutely horrendous	I am compelled to write this review to advise you all not to even think about booking here.The television was broken and wouldn't turn on at all, and the wallpaper looked as though it had been drawn on. There wasn't enough room in there to swing a mouse, let alone a cat.The bedsprings stuck out through the mattress which meant that I had to curl up in a foetal position to try to avoid them, making my limbs stiff and sore in the morning.To top it off, some clever person opened the window in my room. Could I get the damn thing shut again? I think not. I had to try to sleep in what felt like sub-zero temperatures.The only good thing I can say is that at least it had a lift and I didn't have to haul my suitcase up the stairs.I can't stress enough how foul this hotel was. Please do not stay there under any circumstances. I don't care where you stay, just not there.	
May 1 2006	Avoid	The room was very basic as described but it was nowhere near as bad as the walls of the halls leading to them. there was wallpaper peeling off the walls and damp showing through. the shower room stunk and when i took a shower the rail fell on my head where it was not connected to the wall. water poured out of the pipe where it was held together by electrical or some other tape. The base of the bed had no legs and had dirty marks all over it but the linen and towels were clean. there was live electrical wires in the bedroom with no covers and you could hear everything in the rooms next door clearly, even if they were talking in a normal voice.The Continental breakfast comprised of white and brown bread with jam and 2 toasters on one side of the table and a jar of cornflakes on the other. Oh, there was also a packet of cheese squares thrown on the table as well. the other table consisted of mugs, glasses, tea and coffee with 2 kettles and some cartons of orange juice. Hardly what i would call a continental breakfast! As for trying to get a cup of tea or coffee after breakfast at 10am forget it! we came in after a long day and asked if we could have a cup of tea. the response was that we should try and look if there was anything left in the breakfast room. unfortunately, the tea and coffee was there but no water for the kettles, no mugs or cups and no milk. therefore, no tea!. I paid the deposit over the internet by card but when we arrived they would only accept cash. no other method of payment was acceptable! i did not see this anywhere on the site or my confirmation that i was sent for the booking and this ended up costing us more money as we then had to visit the cash machine to get money for the rest of our stay!	
Apr 25 2006	In defence of the Shellbourne	When I got to this hotel, I must admit a was a bit scared of what I could find, after reading so many bad reviews in this site. But let me tell you: I've seen worse. True, the hotel is not the Ritz: the room was shabby, couple of lightbulbs gone off (though I admit we didn't ask they'd changed them), the wardrobe was far too basic and they don't take credit cards. But considering it was the cheapest thing we could find in London with private bathroom in the room (which many more-expensive budget hotels did not offer), it was clean, there was plenty of hot water anytime of the day, good heating, and while breakfast was not too varied (coffee/tea/milk, toast/butter/jam/cereals/cheese), it was buffeted so you could eat as much as you wanted. The staff was friendly and they also have a fridge and a microwave in the breakfast room in case you want to heat your own food. The walls may be thin - but not as thin as the ones of my own flat! The hotel's in a very nice neighbourhood, there are several restaurants and a Tesco nearby. It's closer to Gloucester Road tube station than Earl's Court. So if you don't mind mismatched tiles and dog-eared wallpaper, and you're travelling on a budget, I totally recommend the Shellbourne. We'd undoubtedly come back.	
Apr 5 2006	Affordable for Budget Travelers	The best things about this hotel was the location, the price and the staff. It's in an excellant part of London. Short walk to Earls Ct. Tube station, a large Sainsbury's 1 block away, close to museums, Kennsinton, Hyde Park. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Toast, cereal, coffee, tea, juice for breakfast. The hotel is older and needs some real updating (3 or 4 different wallpapers in our room) and some repairs (light fixtures loose on the wall), the beds were lumpy and the pillows flat, walls were thin. We were downstairs in our &quot;cubby under the stairs&quot;. It wasn't the Taj Mahal, but it was cleaned everyday, it was safe and it fit our budget.	
Nov 24 2005	Horribilis !	We had a one night stay with my family (2 children) in the &quot;family room&quot; on november 2005, glad it was only for a short while...The lamps inside the room were falling or broken, the bad smell from the bathroom was invading the whole room, the noises from the other room and from the corridor was disturbing until late at night. The credit card machine was not available (so I had to look for a bank outside) and the breakfast was close from poverty...Not a good souvenir at all for a french traveller...	
Nov 5 2005	A dump!	When I arrived at the hotel, the 'S' on the neon sign above the hotel door had fallen off... That just about summed it up for me really, and my boyfriend and I still call it the Hellbourne now!I've stayed in a lot of budget hotels and hostels all over Europe, and I'm really not a fussy traveller. I don't ask for much at all, and since this hotel is incredibly cheap, my expectations were so low that I didn't think I could be disappointed. Well I was! It really is a dump! Everything was broken and dirty, from the bed to the TV to the lampshades to the sink to the mirror. The rooms looked like they were falling to pieces, with holes in the walls and carpets. The walls were paper-thin and I was kept awake until the early hours by someone else's TV (ours didn't even work!) The mattress has huge springs sticking up out of it that gave my parter and I really sore backs when we woke. Our bedroom door didn't close securely either, and all in all, I felt unclean and unsafe in this hotel. I would never stay there again and I would never recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 4 2005	Value.... It is a budget hotel with a great staff	The Shellbourne Hotel is not a bad place to stay at all. The rooms could use some upgrades however what you get for the price is unbeatable. The housekeepers are there every morning to straighten up with fresh linens. The staff is great and they are doing renovations to make it really nice. The rooms themselves do lack the brand name appearance however they are most certainly livable. The convenience to Earls Court Station and grocery stores is the best. The best advice I can give for those who are skeptical is to have one night there and then decide for yourself, and also have a reservation at a different hotel that may be more nice as a back up. Just remember you get what you pay for and I feel that The Shellbourne will give you just that and a little more. Also a quick thanks to the staff from Rob, Devorah, Schuyler, Beth, Jason and Drew...	
May 4 2005	Excellent	It was very excellent hotel situated in London.It is good hotel those who are looking for his budget.	
Oct 5 2004	Good Value!	The Shellbourne is a good value. Yes there are some problems and the rooms are not spotless. Yet the hotel is generally clean and very, very affordable. The location is absolutely excellent -- very near Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park and the museum district. Convenient to the Tube. The staff is very courteous and helpful. I look forward to staying at the Shellbourne every time I travel to London on pleasure.	
Oct 1 2004	An awful place to stay		
Sep 28 2004	Pretty Bad		
Sep 28 2004	Stay far away from this hotel!		
Aug 26 2004	Was the name the Hellborn Hotel?		
Aug 25 2004	AWFUL !!!!!!		
Apr 18 2004	A good alternative for a budget traveler		
Feb 21 2004	a terriblew hotel		
Feb 7 2004	Absolutely AWFUL		
Sep 7 2003	Good value		
Aug 5 2003	BEWARE OF THE SHELLBOURNE		
Nov 10 2009 	Se possibile cercate di meglio		
Jul 23 2009 	giusto		
Jul 5 2009 	bon marché		
Dec 15 2008 	ottimo  molto pulito  cosa rara a londra		
Apr 20 2008 	Io non ci tornerei		
Mar 21 2007 	Hotel a Londra consigliato!		
Sep 22 2006 	Visto il costo..Fantastico!!		
