Oct 20 2009 	Poor service poor staff interest poor facilities	Can't recommend this hotel to other travellers , unfortunate but true.The facilities were extremeley basic, the shower ridiculously small, the staff apathetic. We left this hotel after 1 night even though 3 were paid for , our concern was of a saftey nature(someone entering our room ) the staff were not interested and offered an inaudible &quot;sorry&quot; for our experience and a shrug of the shoulders. No refund was offered, no conversation to try and keep us as guests.Also no lift in this hotel so not easy for people with limited mobility or heavy cases. Very noisy guests, smelled of cigarette smoke so strong , we put a towel near the door to stop it coming in. Breakfast reasonable. I could go on, but there are plenty of hotels in this area,, go to another one.	
Jul 22 2009 	great location	An easy tube ride to most London attrations. The family room was quite large and the staff very friendly. Lots of stairs to climb and we unfortuately were caught in a heat wave, but were provided with a nice big fan! No restaurant, but a nice continental breakfast and loads of restaurants right around the corner.	
Apr 29 2009 	Crap Staff Noisy	Our room was at the end of the front hall and probably used to be the broom closet. We could hear the front desk phone ringing all through the night and the staff were useless. Management told us to pay an extra fee- retroactively- of more than 100 pounds for a rule they never told us about, and then asked staff to handle it that had no authority to handle the transaction. Breakfast is sad. No room to turn around in the shower without banging into the walls and door. View consists of a brick wall and the kitchen ceiling.	
Apr 20 2009 	Cheap hotel poor staff and clients	I had a multiple night stay with my girlfriend earlier in April at Rushmore hotel.Positive points :- 3 mn far from Earl's court tube stop- close to couple of restaurants, M&amp;S food and Sainsbury- early booking can lead to 60/70 GBP for a double bedroom, so not expensiveNegative points:- rooms are smaller than advertized on website, older as well- hotel is clearly understaffed which has obvious involvements such as dirty/dusty rooms and poor level of service- breakfast is more than disappointing : don't expect continental buffet here, only 8 tables, one toaster you have to fight for the access of, no french viennoiserie, lack of fresh food - no bacon, no scrambled eggs...- you are asked for a a full payment before stepping in so you can not see rooms first and can not cancel your stay after one night which IMO is a clear indicator of average dissatisfaction or earlier experiences...- no lift so if you have 50 kg of luggage or did not book rooms on 1st floor forget it- clostrophobic ? Stay away from bathroom as you won't be able to use shower or closets- hotel is crowded with low quality clients e.g. german students groups or young province british girls : more noise comes from other rooms than street or courtyard- luggage room is also a staff room and used for laundry storage, I was scared to let my stuff there...	
Feb 22 2009 	Great find!! Incredible location!!	The best part about the Rushmore was how super close it was to the underground station- literally just around the corner! I stayed in the off-season so I got a fantastic price, be sure to inquire about winter specials before booking!! Breakfast was great- especially if you are used to American style continental breakfasts- no stale donuts here! A few negatives- the STAIRS!! I don't expect elevators when I travel to Europe so I wasn't surprised to have to lug my suitcase up 3 flights, but if you are older or have a lot of bags you might want to request a lower floor. There were also some gnats living in the bathroom, it didn't bother me as the place was cleaned every day but it made me wonder about bugs in the summer time... The staff was friendly so I'm sure if I had been bothered by it they would have moved me or something of the sort. The area was quiet also so I had no problem with street noise. All in all it was a great stay!!!	
Feb 3 2009 	Great location	The hotel was 2 blocks from the tube station which was very convenient b/c I was travlling with my mom. There are a few good restaurants close by as well (I recommend Masala for Indian food). I only have a few minor complaints about the hotel. We were on the main floor and our window didn't lock...the lady at the desk who was there during the day wasn't very helpful and didn't know how to lock the window. I asked her about the Borough market and she had never heard of it. The phones in the hotel didn't work, it would have been nice for them to mention that upon check in b/c I was trying to contact friends to get together and each time I had to go across the street to use the pay phone...she wouldnt let me use their phone for a local call.The room was clean, bed was fine. Breakfast wasn't much but it was okay - toast, cereal, tea, coffee, crackers and cream cheese. I probably would stay there agin b/c it was reasonably priced and good location.	
Jan 30 2009 	Feels like home	It was my second time in London, and I stayed at the same hotel. Because it is very close to an Underground station (Earl's Court), and you can easily reach the centre by bus or metro. Breakfast isn' t much: crackers and cream, cheese, salamy, jam, corn flakes, milk, tea, coffee. Usually they don't serve the same two days in a row (you can also find fruit salad on some days). A nice thing about the hotel, is that every room is unique for it's architecture and furniture. One of the main problems, is that the hotel doesn't have an evelator, it can be rather tricky, climbing a 20 Kg suitcase up to the forth floor, on a narrow staircase. Another unpleasant issue, is the fact, that some rooms, have a tiny bathroom, and the smallest shower tub I have ever seen. Imagine a bigger person, hardly fitting in, like a fish in a can (moving arroud the arms and legs was totally imposible). But the beakfast room is beautiful, and the whole place is clean. Staff is also very helpful. There are several pubs nearby, where you can experience the british cuisine. Hope you'll enjoy it!	
Jan 23 2009 	Great Budget Hotel	Stayed at the Rushmore for a week. The Hotel is clean, the Ritz it isn;t but all was great. Thank you to all the staff...(espacially you Andrew) for all the good info directions and suggestions you gave us. I will defitetly go back again next year. The location is great and easy to get around by tube or buses and the street is really quiet. Not lift,,,no problem it would ruined the whole look of the Hotel. I would recommend this Hotel.Blondie and the tall guy from Canada	
Dec 10 2008 	Absolutely Fabulous!	The Hotel was easy to get to from the airport. most important part of the deal. The staff was very friendly and helpful in their directions and answering questions regarding the neighborhood. Loved the convenience - close to the Metro, Buses and neighborhood had many places to eat at &amp; drink at.Rooms were always clean and comfortable. Bad thing - the stairs - but that was its only fault. I would definitely head back to the Rushmore just because I enjoyed all. Definitely for people who are not high maintenance (need the comforts of elevators) and need a lot of space but I loved it. You would love it if you are a traveler at heart.	
Nov 29 2008 	Terrific staff great breakfast	I'd stayed in Earls Court 30 years ago - not much has changed except for more traffic, and a vast array of food outlets. Hotel Rushmore is just around the corner from the tube - so very convenient. It looks like many other hotels in the area - old narrow buiding, narrow steep staircase up and down inside - I wouldn't have liked to be in a ground floor room with breakfast traffic passing by.My son and I shared Room 6 , Reception level- a queen bed and a trundle style single, in a long narrow room, decorated in black &amp; gold painted furniture, a faux Italianate style - OK, but getting tacky. The window opened, there was a desk/dressing table with mirror, tea &amp; coffee making provisions &amp; facilities - real bonuses. A handy clothes cupboard as well.The pros: The breakfast was not full cooked English - but the variety of breads, scones, juices,cereals, yoghurt and fruit salad, were sure to set you right for the day.All the staff was polite, friendly, and helpful. The access to Internet is very cramped but there is pleasant lounge area downstairs. Provisions were checked each day and the beds pulled up - but in 11 days, a change of sheets happened about Day 8. Towels replaced as needed.The cons: the bathroom was almost as small as a plane's - my son could not fit in the shower - its base was the size of a foot bath. Everything became wet as he had to leave the glass door open to move his arms. I just managed to keep doors closed but could not bend over or move. Other rooms may not have had this problem with size.Fire doors needed to be closed and guests bashed and banged - perhaps a sign could have alerted guests to this. To sum up: the staff &amp; breakfast made up for any negatives. Considering we were there at the very worst economic downturn, 79 GBP a night (a negotiated deal including breakfast) was a reasonable price to pay for cleanliness and convenience.	
Nov 12 2008	Quaint little hotel	Stayed here with a group of 11 children and three teachers. The hotel is quite small but fitted our needs very well. The price including breakfast was excellent and all rooms were very clean. The breakfast was adequate and set us up well for the day. Andrew at reception was very helpful and ensured a comfortable stay for us. The hotel is 1 minute's walk from Earl's Court Tube station which is on the Piccadily line. We were able to fly into Heathrow and on to the tube which took us directly to Earl's Court.Some rooms admittedly do need some updating, but I think they are working on this.	
Sep 30 2008 	Not out of choice	Ended up staying at the Rushmore when we were unexpectedly &quot;bumped&quot; from the Amsterdam Hotel which is located 2 doors away after they had an alleged &quot;plumbing problem&quot;. This despite us booking more than 3 weeks in advance. However I suspect this happened as we were the easiest guests to relocate since we were only staying overnight.Our thoughts on the Rushmore:Room incredibly small with barely space to move. No hot water in the morning for showering. This was blamed on Thames Water?? Perhaps they could be responsible for the reduced water pressure but certainly not for the lack of adequate hot water! We thought the lack of aircon wouldn't be a problem but we found we had &quot;cabin fever&quot; in the small space (although neither of us suffers from claustrophobia) and had to open the window which then made sleeping difficult due to the noisy area. Ended up having to take sleeping tablets and sleeping with earplugs to get a decent night's rest!! London isn't usually hot but the room was definitely very stuffy. Perhaps if they arranged the furniture better, got rid of the &quot;canopy&quot; above the head of the bed &amp; painted the room in a lighter colour it would appear more spacious. Curtains definitely were in need of updating (or at least dry-cleaning).Breakfast was fairly pleasant with a reasonable selection. We paid 89 pounds sterling for a double (??) room incl. breakfast.	
Aug 18 2008 	Loved the neighborhood	Our family (two adults and two teens) spent 3 nights here at the beginning of our European vacation. It was very easy to get to from the tube station and is in a great neighborhood. The streets around the hotel are charming and there is a main street very close that has everything you might need. We were on the 4th floor with no elevator and knew that going in so it wasn't a problem. The room was good size for the four of us. Breakfast was in a nice room in the basement and the staff was very friendly. Leaving the key (as others have mentioned) is a little unusual but we didn't have any problems. Our only drawback was that it wasn't air conditioned and usually in London that wouldn't be a big problem but we were there for the hotest day of the year so it was a bit uncomfortable. They had one fan and we ended up buying another one and we did just fine. For the price and location, this was a good place to stay.	
Jun 19 2008	Nice good value but some problems	Nicely decorated, very affordable hotel in a great location. The rooms are comfortable and stylish. The bathroom had a weird smell but seemed clean. However, they want you to leave your room key with the reception desk when you leave. Then, once you return, they give the key back to you without checking identification. Made me nervous. There were several other minor annoyances--none of which would have bothered me by themselves, but added together I did get a bit frustrated. So, a mixed bag.	
May 16 2008	Good value for money	A group of 16 of us stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of April. The rooms were big enough for our needs and the bathrooms were in very good condition. Breakfast was more than sufficient and the nearest tube station was a 1 minute walk away. Staff were very helpful and we will surely stay there again.	
Dec 16 2007 	It was clean and for £60 a night was excellent value....but the Ritz it aint.	It's a decent hotel - clean - and the bed in room 1 was firm. Breakfast was ok - and included in the price. We thought it was excellent value - and as long as you aren't expecting the smartest hotel in town (and why would you at that price) you'll have a decent stay here - and only 1 min from Earls Court station. You may want to avoid room 1 &amp; 2 in the basement - as they are next to the dining room - and was a bit noisy in the morning.	
Aug 25 2007	We loved this place and would stay again	The Rusmore, while small, has a lot going for it. Great location amid tons of amenities and only a block from Earls Court tube station. Our room, located on the main floor, was clean, quiet and cute. Breakfast was included in the cost of our stay and always included cereal, toast, fruit, sausage and cheese plus juices, milk and coffee which became a bit monotonos but always appreciated. Our room had a small kettle and the fixings for tea and coffee too. The front desk was staffed 24 hours a day and had a small internet staton available there. The restaurants in the area were very diverse and we especially enjoyed the Masala Spice.	
Jun 5 2007 	Good hotel for price	With London being such an expensive city to visit, it was good to find this hotel. It is a very average older hotel but for the price (110 pounds per night for a triple room booked on London.com) we were happy enough with our 3 night stay. We were in the basement so only one flight of stairs with luggage (no lift). The room was a good size. Good water pressure in the bathroom. The breakfast was good. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It was easy to get from the airport to the hotel using the public transportaion. It is just around the corner from the Earls Court metro station, then just a quick ride to anywhere in London. All in all......good hotel.......not great but good.	
Apr 25 2007 	Really small bathroom	I had read the reviews so I knew I would have a small room, but the size of the bathroom was still a surprise to me. It was placed in a former closet and could only be described as tiny. I dropped the soap down and had to close the shower and open the doors before I could pick it up. The room was dark as the ceiling was covered with draperies and there was a dusty smell in the room. The location is however excellent with the Earls Court station only few steps away (direct connection to Heathrow airport as well as Piccadilly Circus).	
Apr 3 2007 	Nice good value	We (a german family) stayed at Rushmore Hotel in a nice, spacy 4-bed room in the 5th (!) floor, no lift (!!), which makes this hotel not so good a choice for older or disabled guests. This is yet the only critical remark we have to make. The place is clean, the staff very friendly, and the breakfast buffet is good. The surrounding (Earl´s Court Tube Station) is perfect for sightseeing in London. Very good value!	
Apr 2 2007 	Misleading Website - very disappointed	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Rushmore Hotel. We had checked trip advisor before booking and despite the general consensus that the rooms were small the impression we got was that the hotel was very clean and most people enjoyed their stay. The hotel's website, depticted beautifully decorated rooms and stated that it was suitable for families. However, it omits to state that there is no lift and that the family room (aka the hotel attic) is on the top (4th) floor with 5 flights of steep stairs to climb to get there (and a further flight of stairs to get to and from the Breakfast Room). At 5 months pregnant, this was a bit of an issue, particularly with children and luggage to haul up. The room itself was very basic and very stale and tired looking with the previous guest's dirty sock still in one of the drawers. The bathroom was tiny although very clean but the roof sloped so much that we couldn't actually stand straight up in the shower. There were two attic windows with no view of London and the bedclothes were torn and stained. The carpet was also very stained and dirty and the floorboards horrendously creaky. The hotel lobby was dirty and the whole place looked shabby and in need of a lick of paint. Whilst the staff were very friendly and helpful, overall we were very disappointed in the hotel and felt the website was very misleading. We certainly would not stay there again nor recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 1 2007 	Dont stay in the attic room!	We were a family of 6 ( with children)travelling to London on vacation. We had to split our family up into 2 rooms due to lack of accommodation in 1 room. We had hoped the rooms would at least be in close proximity to each other. One was in the basement, and one was in the attic !( 96 stairs separating the 2 rooms) The basement room was beautiful, nicely decorated and clean. The attic room was terrible! There was mold growing in the tiles in the shower, the shower ceiling was slanted so you hit your head on the moldy tiles, ( and every where else in the room the ceiling was very slanted) , the bathroom smelled of urine, the shower had no pressureadn worked in spurts, there were no windows to look out (just sky lights), it was a fire trap as far as I was concerned, it was brutal dragging all of our luggage up those stairs ( no help and no elevator). The room was cold and we couldnt get the heater to work. The tv didnt work in either room and the kettle had electrical tape on it in the basement room causing it to be tempermental. There was soap scum on both seashell soapdishes in both rooms. There was a pay for use computer but they did not have a printer to print our boarding passes for our return flight home so we had to go out to an internet cafe. The breakfast room was nice, breakfast was good and the staff were friendly. We would stay there again in the basement room, but would not reccommend ANYONE stay in that attic! And no, there was no discount for that attic room either! Both rooms were the same price! It neeeded a good updating and a good cleaning! (There was a pamphlet left under the bed from a previous guest!)The hotel lobby staff were friendly, the small main lobby is cute, the conservatory and breakfast were nice. Just dont stay in the attic!	
Dec 1 2006 	good choice	Our group of 8 adults booked this hotel based on trip advisor reviews. We were very pleased with its cleanliness, location ,breakfast and staff. It is close to the earls court tube station,restaurants,money exchange ,pubs and grocery store .This was the perfect spot for us. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 26 2006 	Great Price nice location	We have just returned from London(1st visit). We arrived on Guy Fawkes day (bonfires and fireworks). The hotel was easy to find and very close to the Earl's Court Tube stop(a two minute walk around the corner). It was early when we arrived so we just dropped our bags(unattended luggage room in the basement). We went straight to Portabello Market because it was Saturday. When we did finally check in the room was on the first floor and small but clean. You could see some of the past quality that the room once held, but it has since been cut into two rooms. The bed was a queen size and needed to be pushed against one wall in order to fit in the room. This was not a big deal for us, especially for 63pounds a night. Also, as other reviewers have mentioned the bathroom was very small. When we are on vacation we don't spend anytime in our room, so as long as it's clean we are happy. This hotel fit fine. Breakfast was served in the basement lounge til 10am. It was basic continental. My wife thought it was fine and they had good yoghurt with different mix ins. Over all, I'd stay again. But, if I could get a cheap hotel closer to downtown I would.	
Aug 29 2006 	Rushmore is Great	I was very pleased with this budget hotel. I am a small, middle-aged woman travelling alone, who does not eat breakfast. With that in mind, here's what I thought:My room (#4) was small, but not the closet I've found in other budget hotels. It had a little desk, and a little vanity table, and with the draperies and the wall-painting, it was a very pleasant place to sit in. The bathroom was tiny, but absolutely perfect. It was completely tiled in marble with a nice little shelf to put toiletries on. The shower was the smallest I've ever seen (beware you who are over six feet or very heavy), but the water pressure was excellent and there was plenty of hot water--two things which in my experience are seldom to be found in English showers.The staff was friendly and helpful; I didn't actually ask them for much, but I saw them helping other people and was struck by how often they volunteered to do something instead of waiting to be asked. I also liked the fact that there was someone at the desk all through the night. Internet is available for a pound fifty; fifty pence more than at some commercials places, and worth it for the convenience. I sometimes also found wireless access available in my room. The room was cleaned and neatened nicely every day. Oh, and there were extra pillows. Phone worked fine at 20 p. a call.Caveats: This is a budget hotel, not a Holiday Inn kind of place. It does not have those kinds of amenities. There is no lift and nobody to carry your bags. And the breakfast is not English, i.e., they are not cooking you eggs and bacon and blood pudding. The one day I made it down, the dining room was very pleasant (as was the small adjacent lounge), and fresh coffee and tea were liberally and quickly supplied. There were cereals, yogurt, juices and toast, as well as some cold cuts and slices of what looked to be American cheese.For the money, I was very happy indeed with the Rushmore.	
Dec 30 2005	Great deal -- very accommodating!	I stayed at the Rushmore for 3 nights from the 26th of December. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I was in a single room and there was plenty of space. The bathroom was more than adequate and the location is great. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good deal in London!	
Dec 23 2005 	Booking Blunder Soured Experience	The Rushmore is in a great part of London for convenience, located in the Kangaroo Valley (so many expat Australians).The hotel was a nice small hotel with a nice breakfast (but really people should just go down to the greasy spoon down the road for a 'real' English breakfast).I was scheduled to stay at the hotel 3 times on my trip as I bounced in and out of London - on the second occasion I was relocated to a nearby hotel of inferior quality after the hotel was overbooked (depite the fact I had made my booking many months earlier!)That experience left a bad taste.	
Oct 19 2005	Friendly staff but room is a little tired	The staff at the Rushmore Hotel was friendly and accommodating. No elevator (&quot;lift&quot;), though, so we had to carry our bags up to the second floor. There was no one to help us, contrary to what their website said. The room, unfortunately, smelled very badly of cigarette smoke from a previous guest - but because there were no other rooms, we could not move. The hotel offered to move us the next day, but we didn't bother. The room had a balconey that was shared with another room. We left the balconey door open for a while, and the smokey odor gradually got better. The bathroom was recently refurbished, and very nice...but the shower was so small that it was extremely difficult to even turn around! The room decor could use a little perking up - it was cute and cozy, but a little tired. The neighberhood - Earl's Court - was great - lots of restaurants and things to see. Walking distance to the Underground, which was very convenient. Overall, the hotel was ok, but if we go back, we will probably stay elsewhere.	
Jan 4 2005	Pleasant stay	Comfortable, clean rooms with good heating at a reasonable price. Conveniently close to the tube station. The continental breakfast is OK but not great.	
Nov 9 2004	Booking nightmare	I HOPE YOU DO NOT EVER PATRONIZE THIS SLEEZY, FLEA-LADEN, LOW CLASS DUMP. I selected the Rushmore after pouring through scores of ads from competing hotels in London. My best friend who lives in London took time off work to go and see the hotel to make sure it would be suitable. Although she could not see any rooms, she said that for the price the lobby looked ok.I spoke to the staff three times via telephone from the US, and the final conversation included an extensive description that included which room I could select from the unique floor plans. They held my credit card number and sent me a faxed confirmation of the booking. When I arrived from the USA with my husband, my 3-year-old daughter and several large suitcases, they said they did not have any rooms available. The concierge almost spit the devestating news out and acted as if we were soiling their lobby. We were forced to walk the streets of London in search of accomodations. As the Chelsea Flower Show was also going on, mostly everywhere was booked. Walking the streets with a toddler is shameful. They are a disgusting establishment. How dare they continue to treat people this way.When we returned home, I requested reparations. They sent me a coupon for $75 dollars for my next stay at the Rushmore which I will use when hell freezes over.	
Apr 29 2004	Great value very comfortable.	Good value hotel. Rooms were basic, but clean and very comfortable. Excellent location, and friendly staff.Would nt reccomend to people who have trouble with stairs, as we were on the top floor, and were out of puff by the time we got to our room, however, would reccomend to anyone.	
Mar 19 2004	'good location' but thin walls	We stayed here in Nov 2002, the hotel was OK rooms was small but clean and location is good, brkfast wasnt to exiitng just toast and coffe and some kraft cheese.The room next to us had some loud German guys and they didnt seem to shut up even after we banged on the wall--that was the only drawback. That wasnt the hotels fault--I would have rated it above avg if not for the gremans becuz the street was quiet.	
Feb 17 2004	enjoyable stay for the price	Spent a couple of nights here in 04. Quite a trek up the stairs if you are unfit but the room was clean if a little small. Bathrooms are nice although they definately have problems with the plumbing, the smell was awful at times. Found the staff friendly and the breakfast room was lovely, continental style breakfast but plenty of it. All in all we had an enjoyable stay.	
Feb 17 2004	Excellent Value/A Real Find	Our family booked 2 rooms at the Rushmore for 10 days over Christmas 2003. I used trip advisor to make my decision to rent. It was truly an excellent find for London lodging. Our rooms were spacious with roomy bathrooms (great water pressure and temperature) and coffee/tea in room. Mind you, this is not a fancy boutique hotel but it offers so many advantages I think you will be hard pressed to find better London accomodation for anywhere near the money. The staircase is narrow and there are no elevators. However we had one attic room (4th floor) and it was definitely worth the climb. We enjoyed a large room and bath with one double and two twin beds - all comfortable and no smoking! Our older sons had two twin beds and bath on the second floor. The staff is friendly and accomodating. We very much enjoyed our stay over Christmas. The basement breakfast room is lovely and although the breakfast bar selection is small, it is healthful and offers tea, coffee, toast, jam, muesli cereal, yogurt, fruit salad, cheese, crackers,sliced meat and during Christmas the traditional mince tarts. While modest, we found it far more preferable to the more common selection of pastries, eggs or sausages. The location was excellent as well. Only half a small block from Earl's Court tube stop and a happy selection of well priced restaurants on Earl's Court Road. The Rushmore is between both a Tesco and a Sainsbury (supermarkets) - both large, open late and in easy walking/bus distance. Communication with the hotel was efficient (Teresa) and reliable. We all felt the Rushmore was a 10 out of 10 Hotel and would love to return.	
Jan 25 2004	Booking problems...	I booked tree nights at the Rushmore hotel on their website. After a few minutes, i received an email with the confirmation of my booking.Once we arrived to the hotel, my name was not in their computer. I had my email printed, but they decline to give me a room because the hotel was full. I asked for them to book another room in another hotel for me, bur the personel at the reception was very rude and they simply told me that they had no obligation to do that. I was in london, with my wife, but with no hotel.It took us almost all the day to get room in another hotel, just imagine yourself with 2 big cases looking for an hotel in London. After all, we got 1 double room in the Victor Hotel, near Victoria Station, a nice hotel which staff was very very helpful with us. We loose all the day because of a fail in the rushmore booking process.Do not rely on this hotel, I have just readed in this website that another person from Germany had the same booking problem, but they were advised two days before arrival. I was never advised.	
Dec 6 2003	Unfriendly staff	My family and I stayed at the Rushmore the week of Thanksgiving 2003. The reception desk staff was unfriendly and unhelpful. It was our first leisure trip to London, but every question we asked the staff about London was answered with a &quot;I don't know&quot; response. We wondered whether we knew more about the city than they did or they simply didn't want to be helpful. Very often they would not even say hello as you came and went. The room itself was OK, though it was on the fourth floor and we often wondered whether the plumbing worked correctly. There is no lift, so dragging suitcases up four steep flights of stairs was a killer. I wouldn't recommend anyone not in shape having a room on the upper floors. The continental breakfast was fine and the young ladies providing service were friendly. The hotel is well-located in Earl's Court with the Tube right around the corner. They only have one person on in the evening, and several nights when we returned to the hotel we found ourselves locked out of the hotel. There was a sign on the door &quot;be back in 5 minutes&quot;. All we could do is sit on the steps and wait for someone to come back or go somewhere else and try back later. I never had this happen to me in any other hotel. When we returned to our room several nights the room smelled of smoke. We thought whoever had cleaned the room must have smoked while they cleaned. When we left the hotel on Sunday morning about 8 o'clock to catch our return flight at Heathrow on Sunday morning we couldn't find anyone to check out with or give our key to; the front door was locked and no one was around. The hotel itself was OK (other than the stairs) but with the poor service I couldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 29 2003	Booking warning	I booked a double room on the Internet website of the Rushmore hotel, two months before the day of my travel. In a few minutes, I received an email with the confirmation, everything was OK, everything confirmed.A couple of days before my trip, I received an email from the Rushmore hotel asking to cancel my booking because they had no rooms available. I called them, ask to have a room but it was impossible. They let me in the street, with no hotel booked and only two days before arrive London.Maybe someone gave them more money, or they had a friend who wanted my room, ... until today I dont know the reason, but the fact is that they are not serious with their booking process.Im sure will never go to rushmore hotel.	
Mar 6 2003	Better than Average but not Perfect	We stayed at the Rushmore for 3 days in May 2002. We rate it above average, for its price range, but remember this is London and you cannot expect North American standards for budget prices.The hotel is well located very near Earl's Court tube station. All services you would need are found on adjacent Earl's Court Road.The room itself was very good, clean, well-equipped, even spacious for London standards. Each room is themed, making the place seem a little more than just a room.The breakfast, included in the room price, was disapointing in that it was only continental breakfast, but it was a good continental breakfast. Fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal.Our main complaint was that the stairway up to our room was extremely steep and narrow, and almost impossible to navigate with our luggage.Overall, this was not as nice a hotel as the Delmere in Paddington, a similarly-priced hotel we stayed in on the same trip, but better than most London hotels I've stayed in.	
Mar 6 2003	ottimo direi...molto meglio del previsto!		
Oct 19 2009 	Nettes kleines Hotel in guter Lage		
Oct 8 2009	Schöne Konfirmationsreise		
Oct 6 2009 	Hotel in guter Lage mit kleinen Mängeln		
Aug 23 2009 	ganz nett...		
Jul 28 2009 	???????		
Jul 28 2009 	??????????		
Dec 30 2008 	otiimo affare		
Dec 29 2008 	Cortesia dimensioni della camera e prezzo giusto		
Oct 21 2008 	hotel carino in bona posizione		
Aug 6 2008 	Hotel pulito posizione eccezzionale !		
Jul 5 2008 	Good hotel great location		
Mar 11 2008 	Bon Hôtel		
Jan 3 2008	Delusione Rushmore Hotel Londra		
Jan 11 2007 	Il Rushmore hotel è come te lo aspetti!!!		
