Nov 6 2009 	Will Return	My husband and I stayed for 2 nights at the Avni Kensington and throughly enjoyed our break. The rooms are very clean and stylish, with a modern bathroom, flat screen tv, plenty of cupboard/drawer space and tea and coffee, and no unnecessary clutter with things like arm chairs or trouser presses. The breakfast is continental, with a good amount of choice and kept us going till lunch. The hotel is very reasonably priced for London and the rest of UK. We've paid far more for a worse hotel!The area is really lovely residental area and felt very safe. Surrounded by beautiful architecture, shops, banks, restaurants, pubs &amp; bars, museums, and a 5 min walk from Gloucester Road Station.We will definitely be returning!	
Oct 29 2009 	Good location would stay again.	We just spent 3 nights at the Avni and would stay there again.Not a tiny room, by London standards, when paying £75 per night.Lovely clean bathroom and crisp sheets.Tea and coffee facilities in room.Well located in Kensington, merely a 5 minute walk to Gloucester Road tube and plenty of resturants and coffee shops in the local area.A short walk to the Natural History musuem and not too far if you want to walk to Hyde Park or Harrods.If there was a minus point, it would be that the breakfast was a bit poor, but im sure my body appreciated being fed fruit and cereal instead of a fry-up!!!I can appreciate that some people would find the rooms a bit hot, but for us it was lovely.	
Oct 16 2009 	first time i've stayed in a sauna!	oh my god, do not stay in this kip. i was put in the smallest room i have ever seen on the 5th floor...THE HEAT...i will never forget it. People may have died in these rooms in july and august!!! the service at reception was dreadful and un helpful, and the breakfast was so bad, i dont want to even think about it. if you do one thing in your life do not stay in this hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	Mumbai Sweatbox in England	My family and I stayed for four nights and were on the 5th floor. It was hot in the room...damn hot and no airconditioning. The only ventilation provided was via a small fan. Windows would only open about 5 inches. The location was great and the rooms were clean and modern. Breakfast was okay. Close to the tube, shops and restaurants. Staff were okay depending on who you spoke to. If you want to sleep in a sauna this is the Hotel for you...it's not for me.	
Oct 6 2009 	Stay here if you don't mind risking your identity.	This place should be closed down. Never have I been asked to pay the full amount up-front and then had further &quot;photo-identity&quot; documents demanded. Everything about this place is &quot;Minimalist&quot;, Minimal courtesy, minimal space, minimal quality, (the bedside lamp is nothing but an extremely cheap toy that has NO stability) the shower is claustrophobic, the bed (double) is against the window wall and enterable only from one side which means climbing over ones partner! the Lift says &quot;Six persons max&quot; But i was in it with one other slim man and 2 small children and we were all &quot;connected&quot;. the heat was unbearable and the window opened only a few inches. the receptionist lied when asked &quot;Who owns this Hotel&quot; (he said Bobby Cupro) it is in fact owned by Kaavan Puri. We were so disturbed by the whole experience we did not return for the remainder of our bookin, we checked out the following day and are still waiting for refund of cancelled booking. (apparently the &quot;Machine&quot; isn't working) they asked for bank details!!! this place smacks of &quot;Con&quot; the photographs on their own site bear no resemblance to the reality. The review asks &quot;would you recommend this hotel to a friend&quot;? &quot;I wouldn't recommend it to a Tramp.	
Oct 3 2009 	Refurbished Minimalistic Hotel in a Great Location	I stayed in the Avni Kensington for three nights, initially I was concerned because of some of the reports here, however I realised that many of these trip reports were made before the hotel had been refurbished so I decided to give it a go.I had booked a deluxe double and was pleasantly suprised at how large the room was considering how cheap the rate was that I had paid. The room was very minimalistic, no fridge, tiny bathroom but everything was new and very clean. And the huge plasma tv on the wall was a suprise.Breakfast is included in the rate, quite basic just toast, cereal and fruit. The location in Kensington is great, very close to supermarkets, restaurants and all the other amenities you need. Gloucester Road tube is 5 minutes walk away, which is convienient to getting around London. Especially the Piccadilly line which connects to Heathrow Airport.This is not a luxury hotel, but for the price, location and standard of the room it is fantastic value especially for London.	
Aug 29 2009 	Fair price great location friendly staff free Wi-fi	Stayed for 5 nights in August 2009, on the 4th floor in a standard double room. Our floor and room were quite hot, about 10 degrees hotter than outside, but we didn't spend too much time in the room so it didn't really matter. The location of the hotel is very convenient, a 5 minute walk to Gloucester tube station. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and the free breakfast was a good budget and money saving advantage!We would definitely stay here again, as it's one of the least expensive hotels in central London, and is located in a lovely area of Kensington.	
Jul 8 2009 	breakfast with mice	It was terrible to drink an orange juice glass with two mices in the breakfast room....No comment...	
Nov 21 2006 	Very Dirty	We were three couples during three nights. Request rooms of the fifth plant, I was fortunate because these rooms are dirty but 'reformed' recently. In my case, the shower had a hole and there were leaks for the light of the WC (first night was raining outside... and in our rooms).My partners 'suffered' rooms of the second plant. Horrible. Dirty of not having cleaned them for a long time. The hotel's personnel don't make the bed, they only stretch the blanket. The best thing: the location; this is perfect, near the tube and five minutes far from the center of London, but I think that doesn't compensate the disgust that gives to sleep in their rooms.	
Nov 12 2006 	Great Expectations	This is what rates to go says, &quot;Kensington Edwardian is a charming and delightful hotel, with an exellent location to suit tourists and businessmen alike. Our Hotel is situated in between two underground stations giving our guests easy access to the whole of London. The Kensington Edwardian is also sited in one of the most fashionable and affable residential areas in London. It is only minutes away from a great shopping center, entertainment, leisure activities and dining out. The magnificent Kensington Gardens and The Royal Albert Hall are only Minutes away from the Kensington Edwardian Hotel, for our guests to enjoy.&quot;This is the truth, &quot;Kensington Edwardian is an extremely ugly hotel, with an exellent location to suit backpackers only. Our Hotel is situated close to Glouchester underground station giving our guests easy access to the whole of London. The Kensington Edwardian is also sited in one of the most fashionable and affable residential areas in London which really depresses you if you are on holiday wondering why you have to stay in a nasty hotel like that. It is only minutes away from a great shopping center, entertainment, leisure activities and dining out. The magnificent Kensington Gardens and The Royal Albert Hall are only Minutes away from the Kensington Edwardian Hotel, for our guests to enjoy.&quot;Allow me to explain. Tell the truth so we know what to expect. There will be no hopes, just expecting the worst. Staying in a backpackers lodge would have been much better since they both have bunk beds.	
Oct 14 2006 	Horrible! Stay here as last resort ONLY...	I stayed here as I had missed my flight and desperatly needed cheap accommodation in central London.For 45 Pounds p/ night you can't expect too much (I guess). We were put on the 5th floor, and amazingly enough the lift was not working. I had to carry my very heavy bag up 5 storeys. The stairs itself was in appauling condition, carpet not attached to the floor and it lacked proper lighting. The room itself appeared in OK condition. I stayed in a &quot;superior&quot; room which was more basic than superior. It had 3 single beds with the worst matresses ever. It was like sleeping on bare springs. The TV was functional but there was no remote control. The bathroom had hot water, but the shower curtain was in terrible shape. Refer to the photos: orange growth on it. YUcky!The only pro for this hotel is its location. It is a few minutes from Gloucester Rd tube.Staff at reception were unfriendly and did the bare minimum.I would not stay here again! and would definetly not stay here for longer than a night. Think very carefully before staying here. There are better hotels out there for a little bit extra.	
Oct 11 2006 	Worst Hotel Ever	I travel to London several times a year for business and I always try to stay at a different hotel to check them out. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The room was musty, the bed sagged and we thought we were going to fall through. The shower was so tiny that only a child could fit in it comfortably. We asked to be moved and were - the new room, although redone with lovely wood floors and a new paint job, still had an older bed in it. There was a smell (although this could be from just replacing the floor), there was a ladder (permanently afixed) to an attic/fire escape - not sure which in front of the door to the room. The entire 4th floor was ripped apart, the lobby was dreary and the staff was less than helpful. We spent a total of 5 hours in this hotel before I moved us down the street.Do NOT stay at this hotel.	
Sep 19 2006 	Apalling Accomodation	I know that I only paid just less than a hundred quid, but what an appalling place to stay, I would not recommend this place to any living thing. There were a number of things I complained about but it all fell on deaf ears and nothing was done about it, as soon as i opened the room door, i wanted to go back home. My advice to anyone who is interested in this place...dont go its absolutely appalling. This 'Hotel' is very very poor, most of the reviews I have read on trip advisor are spot on, I dont know how it has a rating.	
Jun 20 2006	Value for money =)	After reading terrible reviews, we were dreading our stay at the Kensington Edwardian. It was, however, the cheapest hotel we could find and being 18 and skint, it seemed our best option. And so we took the risk and were ... pleasently surprised!! It was clean + tidy, quite spacious and the staff were very helpfull. We were not distubed at all by any other guests or members of staff (apart from the cleaner) and although we found it hard to find, we soon realised that it was a short distance away from the nearest tube station. The hotel was in a very convenient location as there were numerous places to eat and shop close by. Also, it was within easy access of the major attractions in London. Our room had a fridge (handy for storing alcoholic beverages) and laminate flooring (handy for mopping up spilled alcoholic beverages). The only problems we had was that the room was incredibly warm (although it was summer) and the shower pressure was crap. Also, a bin and a tv would have been appreciated, but for £16 a night we really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is perfect for students or anyone looking for somewhere decent to stay at a low price. We would not however reccomend the Kensington Edwardian for couples or families with small children.Han D + Han L + Nik + Sal =)	
May 17 2006	Wouldn't Recommend it	I'll begin with the negative. We booked a double bed and were given two twin size beds. Our room had a nice view of the street, which is a nice neighborhood. However, with no air conditioning and no fans, it was very hot. If you opened the door to the balcony, the sound of cars on the street below kept you awake. Also, the balcony was shared with another room, so the fear that someone could break in to the room was always present. A room in the back of the hotel could have been quieter. There was not a TV in the room, and the sink in the bathroom didn't drain very well. The breakfast room looked very bright and cheery on Expedia, but the first morning we went down to breakfast, I literally cried! It was sad and dingy and the smell was terrible. Now, for the positive. The hotel was in a nice neighborhood, and was a short walk to the Tube and several restaurants and grocery stores. (There was an especially great 24 hour grocery right across from the entrance to the Tube.) As long as you don't mind a lack of sleep and aren't planning on staying in your room very much (which we did not), this would be an alright place to stay.	
May 8 2006	Good value	The reviews for this hotel were terrible and we thought that it had been a big mistake to book here, but we were pleasantly surprised. We had a superior double and single room and they were both clean and serviced on a daily basis. The bathrooms and towels were clean and there was hot water at all times. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location of this hotel is perfect for visiting London. We found it to be excellent value for money.	
Apr 24 2006	only as a last resort.	i don't know how this rat-trap got 2 stars. if this was in the states the place woulda been shut down. honestly, this is just a horrible, horrible place. if i had to choose between staying here and the local prison ... it would be close.	
Apr 1 2006	Superior room not bad	We stayed here in late March. We upgraded to a superior room for are stay. Yes, it is a european hotel which means it is old and small. The superior rooms are renovated. the bathroom was clean along with the floors. it was cozy and worth the money. It was close to pubs.	
Mar 5 2006	The filthiest hotel I have ever stayed in	I have stayed in 19 foreign countries throughout Europe, Hawaii, and Scandinavia. If I had not paid for this hotel in advance (without seeing it) I never would have stayed there. The windows were covered by filthy sheer curtains hanging on a line of string. The carpet was disgusting and there was matter on the walls that looked as if someone had blown their nose on the walls. The beds were terrible and like trying to sleep in a cylinder. At the time I stayed there the flags on the front of the building were tattered and dirty. I just felt like I didn't want to touch anything there-Beware!!!I will say that the people at the front desk were nice, but I would never stay there again nor recommend anyone else doing so.	
Feb 26 2006	Terrible	Good location, but everything else about this 'so called' hotel was jest terrible!!! Watch out, better keep away of this property!	
Feb 8 2006	Fearful - a good example for the worst example	first of all let me confirm I am not a black-hearted guy, but what I saw &amp; felt in this hostel that was terrible - even it's location itself is excellent.1, room small - very uncomfortable for two, you cannot even take your shoes off sitting on the bed as the wall doesn't allow it ...2, there is no wardrobe - ok, for couple of days you can live from your bags, but honestly it's pretty tiring3, bathroom lies in ruins - floor is broken, I wanted to set the shower, but it almost fall out from the wall4, heat - I understand that 0-4 degree is considered very cold in London, but maybe it would be useful to have a xx. century window that does not let the heat out/freeze in. At least we could use this opportunity for keeping our drinks cold, as fridge was removed from the room (I do not want to image why ...)5, cleanliness - this is the most disappointing. When we arrived to the 'clean' room, we found Big Mac papers under the bed, together with some French fries ... Lovely. There was a big red blemish on the bedspread, hopefully not blood ... Anyhow, we had to sleep in street clothes due to the in-house winter, so the manginess of the bed was not so serious. Actually, they felt in our exam: I left a used napkin on the floor before leaving the room in the morning. Probably they did not want to rob us, as the napking was waited for me when we arrived back to the room at night. So, as a summary, I can just strongly recommend you to avoid this place as mach as you can. I was happy to leave the place by knowing I never go back there.	
Jan 23 2006	Scaring	I've just come back from London where I spent 4 nights at this horrible hotel. We had booked a triple standard room at a very cheap price, but we couldn't imagine what we were going to find. The room was the filthiest and most horrible place I've ever been. It was small, dirty, awful, ugly. There was a hole in the wall and in the floor. The carpet was disappearing. The sheets and blankets were extremely old, the beds highly uncomfortable. we asked for a change but they told us they were full and that we were staying at the best standard room in the hotel. I'd like to see the others then, since ours was dreadful. Please, trust me, don't book a standard room there.	
Jan 16 2006	Don't be afraid! This hotel served our needs well.	The reviews scared us, but it was ok! This hotel is being renovated--the staff is really trying hard to fix it up. Our room was very clean, and the employees were always friendly and helpful. We had a room for 4 people--4 single beds (cots, really--not the most comfortable, but not terrible), small tv, and a tiny bathroom. The shower was our biggest gripe: water didn't drain well, no soap dish, and a flimsy shower curtain that fought hard to keep the water in the shower, but lost. However, the water was hot for all four of our showers each day, and we saw none of the dreaded mold talked about in other reviews. Each day when we returned to our room, it was immaculate, beds made with fresh linens, floor washed, and there were fresh towels and such waiting for us. Also, there is a computer room off the lobby with internet access for a pound per 80 minutes. The hotel is in a great and very safe neighborhood, a few blocks from lots of restaurants, and more important, from the underground station and bus stops. Our desk clerk told us about breakfast offered at the hotel next door for only two and a half pounds: a full English breakfast with more food than we could possibly finish, AND free coffee refills!!--which were not available anywhere else we went (unless we paid another two pounds for each refill). That was a great find! So, really, don't be afraid. If you don't need fancy but just want something convenient, safe, clean, and comfortable enough, with a great staff, this is the place for you!	
Dec 24 2005	Amazing Staff OK Hotel	I stayed at the hotel a few weeks ago. First of all, it wasn't my first choice of hotel. But I didn't book a hotel and I asked the cabbie to take me to the Kensington Ed. Hotel because I remembered that a friend of mine mentioned the hotel to me a little while ago.When I got to the hotel, I was a bit scared, honestly. I was in transil in London for 1 night and I really didn't expect the hotel to be this way. It wasn't all that bad, but still, it wasn't the Hilton. However, I was extremely charmed by the gentleman at the front desk. He was very warm and welcoming and assured me that I would be safe for the night.He was even nice enough to help take my bags to my room. The room wasn't very clean, and he showed me another room which was slightly better. He told me that I can choose which room I wanted. Then after, he also chatted with me about some good places to eat in the area. After dinner, I came back to the hotel and he was still there, so we chatted some more. Honestly, the hotel was a little below average. Yes, it is cheap, but still not up to the standard. A little bit of cleaning up can do good. However, the gentleman at the front desk was so freindly and nice, it made the stay worthwhile. I was thinking that I could be at a far better hotel for the night, sitting alone and watching tv, or here at this hotel, which is not very clean, but having a wonderful laugh with a very educated (and handsome) young man. I think he was from either India or bangladesh- and I must say, freindly staff is the key to a great hotel.	
Nov 24 2005	Lovely European place	The hotel it´s a nice place with an increrible location for get around easily in the city. Like all european place it has a small space but well use it. It´s clean and the service it´s complete increrible. Also the staff it´s polite and educated and all the time are happy to help you. I spend a wonderfull time there and I´ll staid there again when I travel to London.	
Nov 14 2005	Not For Most Couples	We're a middle aged couple who travel around the world on differnt types of trips from overnight backpacking to luxury cruises. We make the best of our accomodations according to the type of trip we're on and consider it as part of the adventure. Given the centralized location and viewing their web site, I never thought we'd be in a hotel this nasty. Their web page doesn't correctly show or state the rooms and ammenities. I would not recommend this place for most couples. The first room shown to us had a double bed, torn curtains, ripped and filthy carpet and the bathroom was moldy. The matress had two deep impressions on it. I won't go into the items that were noticed on the torn carpet. We asked to see another double room and were shown a room with two twin beds as all of the double rooms were taken. We had reserved a double room five months in advance. Needless to say, we didn't want to stay apart or in an unclean place and decided on another hotel around the corner. Not a place where I would want to go barefoot.....	
Oct 31 2005 	Good location very accessible	Very convenient location; near the tube, a main road in to London close by, big supermarket round the corner. Friendly bunch too:) Seemed prety cheap compared to some of the other hotels in the area.	
Oct 25 2005	Budget Hotel	We Found the hotel on Hostel World but the room type we wanted was not available, so we called the hotel directly and they told us that have availabilty and we booked directly basic room. When we arrived, we did not like the room we were given (quiet old) so we asked to see the Superior room which was much nicer and the price difference was not much (it seems have of the hotel was refurbished) . the old rooms dont look clean.Excellent location, very attentive and friendly staff, Hotel needs some work on the old rooms .	
Oct 11 2005	Watch-Out!!! An Awful Place!!!!	This is the most nasty and filthy place I have ever seen. If you think this is a 'hotel' as you find elsewhere and intend to make booking, you have to think twice before making up your final decision. The quality and standard of accomodation, and the facilities inside the room were completely not what were listed and depicted in the hotel web-page and the attached photos. Other than the dirty wall, carpet, bedsheets, the room was filled with a strong unpleasant odour, making you feel uncomfortable and difficult to stay there for a second. Inside the wardrobe, you could find dirt in every corner. The washrooom was another terrible place. The bowl was not clean and the shower hose was punctured and disconneted from the shower head. When you requested the two memebers of staff in the reception to replace the shower hose, they looked motionless and took no heed to your request. Indeed, their manner were unfriendly and cool. Furthermore, you could see furniture being left in the corridor and lobby, posing threat to the fire exit. You could also feel some vibration when the only one lift was going up. As my family could not stand for the unbearable condition inside the room, we checked out the hotel only after an hour of check-in.This is my experience. I will never go back and doubt how this hotel was rated 'Two Stars'. If you are constrained by your budget, this is not the only choice for you.	
Oct 9 2005	everything said is true	when we booked this place on Octopus travel we booked a double room, i admit we did arrive late however we called ahead to confirm our prepaid booking the day of arrival. When we did arrive we were told that they overbooked (we did book this place 4 months ahead!) and were given a twin bed room which was absolutelyt filthy. Cracked window, mould all over the bathrooms and filthy sheets. I though this was their budget backpacker lodgings however after reading this it seems to be the normal style of room. We were then changed to a new room the next day which was cleaner than the last but i think it must be just the releif from statiying in such a dreadful room the night before. When we did get to our room (501 just like the other review) there was a ladder leading up to the roof in front of the door. I figured ok there must be maintenance and surely the cleaning staff must have noticed it. Upon returning later in the evening its still there.This hotel is totally unprofessional and not worth the money! I've stayed in private hostel rooms that were cheaper and so much cleaner than here. Thank god its in a nice part of town. Good advantage is that its close to shops and the underground.	
Aug 12 2005	Major Inspections required	This was our first trip to the UK. to visit our son who has been living there for the past two years. Instead of sending a picture, I would like you to form one in your head. It took two girls exactly four minutes ( we had to step out into the hall) to &quot;clean&quot; our room. They had a can of spray, a toilet brush, and clean towels. A dry mop was pushed around the floor, the dirty towels were put into a duffel bag in the hall and they were on to the next room. Several times we had to request our sheets to be changed and to leave bath soap and toilet paper. I guess you could say they have an exercise program because the elevator broke twice while we were there so using the steps was a good thing unless you have health problems. There were no phones in the rooms so communication within the city was difficult and they never offered for us to use the phone at the front desk; even the day of the bombings. We found it necessary to leave a day early( thank heaven) due to the bombings to be at the airport to catch a flight. Even though we only wanted a place to sleep, it could have been clean, in working order, and with the ability to communicate within the city.This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in and would not recommend it.	
Jun 30 2005	Danger!!!!!!	DANGER! DANGER!Do not stay here. The place is absolutely filthy. In addition to some questionable people staying there. This hotel gives a bad impression of the Brits and London. Should be closed down and sold. DO yourself a favor and listen to these reviews. You'll be glad you did! Beyond my comprehension how this place rates 2 stars. I guess the one stars must be in Bagdad.........	
Mar 21 2005	Stay away!!!	One of the worst experiences we've ever had in a hotel and we've stayed in a lot of them. The room was so dirty we were hesitant to sleep in it and the staff was un-friendly un-pleasant and un-helpful at best.	
Mar 19 2005	truly harrowing experience	Like many of you I had booked a room in this hotel based on the information and photos provided by a major and reputable hotel booking site. When I arrived at the hotel I thought I was in the wrong place because all the signs were in Arabic only. The elevators were blocked off with something that looked like police tape, the desk clerk saying that there was a mechanical problem, and therefore the &quot;usual&quot; rooms were not available. I was then taken to a room off a hallway *behind* the front desk. What I saw I can't actually remember because I have blocked it out from my memory. It was that bad. Suffice to say that there was dried urine all over the toilet seat and one of the walls in this bathroom-sized &quot;hotel room&quot; was completely covered in brown and green wet mold. The room itself was smaller than my bathroom. No &quot;amenities&quot;, no decor, a twisted old set of blinds that didn't fully close, the flimsiest of a cheap flammable bedcover, and as if to add insult to injury - although there was a television and a plug in kettle, there was no power point anywhere in the room to plug them in.I went back to the desk and demanded another room. The girl looked at me like I was crazy and then offered me another room. I was hoping I'd be taken to a room like the one seen on the web site but no such luck - same size, same shabby condition. I felt like I was in a prison cell and when I went out that night to buy a few snacks, I actually bought a bottle of disinfectant. Imagine that, being on vacation and wanting to disinfect your own hotel room.I didn't sleep much my first and only night in the Kensington Edwardian. A group of the hotel's permanent residents were, I am not making this up, sitting in the hallway outside my room until 4 in the morning singing, clapping, and playing bongo drums. Needless to say - I checked out of the hotel at 4:50 AM. I didn't have another place to stay, but I really didn't care. Between the filth, being kept up all night, and seeing a group of very suspicious looking characters sitting in a &quot;business meeting&quot; in a room in the lobby that was still going strong at 4:50 AM - I was absolutely and honestly terrified for my own safety.This was December 2003 and I'm stunned to see this hotel is still operating and hasn't been shut down.If you value your personal safety and sanity and don't want to spend your first night in London scared and in tears - avoid this hotel at all costs.	
Feb 2 2005	DO NOT stay in this hotel!!	I unfortunately only discovered this website AFTER I stayed at the Kensington Edwardian Hotel. Let me sum up, and agree with all the other reviews written about this hotel: IT IS TERRIBLE! Whatever you do, do not waste your money on this excuse for a hotel. It’s a disgrace to London tourism and the authorities should do something about it!	
Jan 30 2005	Get Out While You still can	We booked to stay in the hotel via AAAhotels web site in Jan 05. Upon arrival we were directed to a car park that cost 70 pounds for the weekend. ( commission for the desk clerk) So we worked the system with the metres and parked round the corner all weekend.Upon entering the hotel we noticed that the carpet was thread bear.The room did not have a trouser press as stated on the website we had to ask for a kettle. Our Friends upon entering there room saw that the curtains were hanging off the rail, The mirror was resting up against the wall, The television did not work there was no plug in the bathroom &amp; the tea &amp; coffe making facilties was an absolute joke as there was vending machine cups ( white plastic ones) 1 tea bag &amp; plastic spoons.The hair dryer was hanging by its flex off the wall.Now the breakfast.The room had half its ceiling missing it smelt damp and the breakfast consisted of bread rolls, toast and cornflakes orange&amp; grapefriut juice tea &amp; coffee no butter for your rolls when we asked for some we were told there is'nt any. (what kind of hotel is this) Are we expected to eat dry bread &amp; Toast? No lights on the stairways (trip hazzard through-out)The bar does not exist, Was told it was under refurbishment although there was no sign of this. The balcony was unsafe with broken railings and debris all over it.Anyone thinking of using this hotel avoid at all costs there is better for your money.	
Dec 13 2004	Beware of Kensington Edwardian Hotel	We found this hotel, Kensington Edwardian Hotel in Kensington near Gloucester Road underground station, through a well-known website which we had used before with very good result. Lovely photos of the hotel room and the breakfast room, but really something else in reality. The staff were not that bad and the area in Kensington was superb but the rooms were small and unconvenient, very boaring, no bed lights and nearly impossible to get towels. The only possibility to deposite our valuable things was to hand it over to the staff who just put them under the desk at the reception disk. Do not seem very safe for us! The breakfast room was just a joke. Never seen anything so uncomfortable and untasty before! Although continental breakfast was included in the price we had to eat our breakfast at a breakfast place in the neighbourhood instead. Even the prisoners in our country are better treated! We had paid around GBP 50,- per night for the room in advance. Maybe not that much but we are pretty sure there must be better options in London even for that price. This is for sure the worst we have experienced during our forty years of travelling around the world including around fifteen visits to London.	
Nov 21 2004	We escape!	We also had prepaid for 4 nights at his &quot;hotel&quot; for the first week of November, 2004 through a reservation service on the internet. I had not researched this site. When we arrived, we were given a key to room 501 and directed to the working elevator. The light inside was not working. I noticed the threadbare carpet in the elevator and realized that we were in trouble. When the door opened on the fifth floor we were greeted with the sight of dirty laundry on the floor. We then began to wander the floor looking for room 501. As it turned out that is the only room on the floor without a number on the door. Trial and error led us to the room. It was worse than I had imagined. This was NOT the decor I had seen on the internet. The mattress was thin and the bed squeaky, the closet was too small and the table lamp was on the floor. I told the desk clerk that the room was unacceptable. He offered me another room on the ground floor which was no better. I then decided that hang the prepaid reservation, we would not stay. We left the luggage in our room and set out on foot to find another hotel. We were able to find excellent accomadations at Harrigton Hall, two blocks away from this place. Interestingly, each time we exited the Edwardian, a gentleman sitting in a parked car outside the hotel asked us where we were going.The good news for us is that as soon as I returned to the states, I called the internet booking agency and complained. I received a credit for three of the nights that we had booked. This was the 5th trip to London for my wife and me, and we have never before experienced such a dismal hotel as the Kensington EdwardianBeware.	
Oct 13 2004	3 unforgettable nights	I stayed here with my 2 children (age 14 and 16) 30th-Sept.-04 and 8th-10th oct.-04, the rooms unfortunately booked and payed months ahead.This is the kind of place you never ever visit again: There was nearly a total lack of cleanliness, they deliberately seemed to put on (or leave) used and dirty bedclothes (hair and pubic hairs could easily be spotted). The floors / floor carpets were dirty. Mould fungus covered the tile joints in the shower area of the bathroom. The curtains could not be drawn (room no. 103 and 314). The bed matresses were worn, the matress springs could be felt on your body.We totally stayed in 3 different rooms: 103, 314 and 110 respectively.Breakfast; We went down the first morning, but my children did not want to go down there any more.Chosing a 2-star rated hotel ( I wonder where they got them from) you don't expect any luxury, but this was worse than I ever could imagine. I just want to warn other people from having their time spoiled at this place.	
Sep 16 2004	Horrible hotel	I stayed 5 nights (9/1-5/04) in this hotel primarily due to the fact that they leave one no recourse re: early check-out. On the back of the registration form this is stated-but to most of us it refers more to the tourist's committment. At this hotel they presume on it and do not provide any of the amenities promised on the internet ad. The place is filthy from top to bottom, the beds are cots made up with one brown blanket, no spread. There is not even handsoap in the bathroom, where the mold is actually dripping off the tile, and the shower so small that when the shower-door opens it automatically hits the faucets. One could easily be scalded by trying to reach in to turn it off. The &quot;restaurant&quot; mentioned in the ad is a room in the dark basement-not even an overhead light bulb in the hallway, where breakfast is offered from 7 to 10 am. We watched mice running where we were supposed to eat. The floors throughout are sagging and rug color obliterated by dirt. The attitude of the reception people is one of complete indifference. They have heard so many complaints that they do not respond at all. They are firm in that you will not receive any money back whatever . Not only should this be reported to the Fire Dept., but the Tourist Bureau should prevent misrepresentation on the Internet. None of the amenities offered were made available.	
Sep 15 2004	Fawlty Towers without John Cleese!	I'm certain the bedspread had never been washed or cleaned. Everything dingy and dusty. Big deal they give you an electric hot water pot but the cord was so short you had to heat the water on the floor because the cord was too short to reach the table!!! How many ways can one spell D U M P!	
Aug 27 2004	Fire Trap	We stayed there for 3 barely tolerable nights in August 2004. Our room did not even come close to the picture. When we arrived, the &quot;lobby&quot; was full of family members of the owner. So no place to sit for us. This went all all three days we were there. Kids running around, men talking and smoking.There were two elevators, but only one worked. At least it went up and down. There were no working lights so the only way you knew what floor you were on was when the door opened to a floor. The fire extinguisher had not been serviced for 3 years, and I doubt that the smoke alarms and fire alarms even worked based on the condition of the hotel. The basement &quot;restaurant&quot; hahahah had an open tile ceiling with wet stains and exposed wiring. The food was horrible. There were bars on the windows of the room.With exposed wiring and bars on windows I felt very nervous. There was no coffee maker in our room. We joked that the hot water in the sink was the coffee maker and laundry facility. The shower was so plugged up our first shower it almost overflowed.There were no matress pads on the beds so the beds were lumpy, the sheets although clean had holes and didn't fit the entire bed. It was horrible, a fire trap, noisy. Our telephone only went to the desk and we had to use the desk phone to dial out of the hotel. Do not stay there.	
Jul 1 2004	Shabby	It is a pity that I did not come across the reviews about this hotel before I booked and paid for my rooms over the internet. As we had already paid for the room when I booked it 2 months earlier, my wife and I decided to put up with what we had. Nothing seems to have changed from what other reviewers have written.The plus points for this hotel that its location is a nice and quiet area, is within 10 minutes walk to the underground station, is relatively cheap, bed linen and towels are clean, and the “complimentary continental breakfast” is basic and OK. Even though our room was next to the lift we were lucky not to be disturbed by lift movements.As soon as we signed in at reception we were told to use the lift (elevator for US guests) nearest to reception because the adjoining elevator was not working. Having read the past reviews it would appear that they have had only one lift in operation in 2000 and 2002. You have to be good friends to get more than 4 people without luggage into the lift. On the third floor, the external lift down button does not work. You have to press the up button to call the lift, so that you can then press the internal button to go to ground floor. When you are in the basement there is no external up button for the lift. There is a hole where the button should be. As soon as we entered the room 301 on the third floor we were shocked at the shabby appearance of the room. As it was Wimbledon tennis week the first thing I noticed was that there was no TV. I decided to go down to reception to ask why we did not have a TV. I had to use the stairs to go down because the lift did not arrive when I pressed the DOWN button several times. As I mentioned earlier, the DOWN button does not work on the third floor. The receptionist said that all TVs were removed because the hotel was having power problems. The receptionist delivered a working TV about 10 minutes later. A few minutes after checking in we decided to make a hot drinks. The tea and coffee making facilities consisted of an electric kettle perched on a tiny flimsy plastic shelf, the depth of which was slightly smaller than the base of the kettle. On it was a transparent flexible plastic cup and a cup holder which was too small for the cup. I told the receptionist that it would be unsafe to pour boiling water into this cup and still be able to handle it. We asked for 2 ceramic cups instead of the single plastic cup. The receptionist who brought us the TV agreed to provide us with proper cups. When the cups did not arrive I had to go to reception to remind him. He appeared to be the only staff member in the hotel and therefore he did all the chores. When making a hot drink you either place your cups and saucers on the floor or on the TV. It is not easy for elderly people to use the floor when making hot drinks. Using the top of the TV is unsafe, but we took extra care . There was no other flat surface on which to place our cups of hot drinks.The floorboards are very squeaky and the floor had not been introduced to a vacuum cleaner for some days. The paint on the wooden door frames were peeling and bits of it were on the carpet. There were brown streaks on the wall, and the where the wall joins the ceiling, This suggests that there must have been a water overflow on the floor above. The wardrobe’s louvered doors were very dusty and the appearance of the inside prevented us from hanging our clothes inside. There were several trailing electric cables along the wall and floor. The sink in the bathroom was chipped and had a crack across it. The tiles around the bath was covered in black mould and one of the white ceiling panels was almost rust brown. If you sit on the toilet you elbow will knock against the shower screen over the bath, and if you bend forward to touch your feet your head will hit the sink. There is self service breakfast in the basement. To get to this room you had to go through an empty damp smelling room which had part of its ceiling missing. The person in charge of breakfast obviously has no training. Tea is available in an insulated jug, and coffee is in a stainless steel pot. It would normally be the other way around. You can tell which is which only by sniffing the containers or pouring them into cups. There are stainless steel spoons for cereal, plastic spoons for stirring your tea or coffee, fish knives for spreading jam and butter on toast/rolls/croissants. In my experience hotel rooms always have a safety notice on the door inside the room. Such a notice will explain to the occupants where to go in case of a fire alarm, and a layout of the rooms is shown on a diagram. There was no such notice in our room, but there were half a dozen staples on the door.The door to our room and the neighbouring room were in darkness because the light outside our doors did not work.The dust bin/ash tray outside the lift on our floor and in the basement, had not been emptied between the day we checked in and the day we checked out (44 hours)When talking to some American guests I understand that when they complained about their room on a lower floor they were “upgraded” to a room on the fifth floor. Unfortunately some of their party had to put up with rooms like ours. I am British and I felt that foreign tourists will get a poor impression of British tourist hotels after their experience here.For a relatively small expense per room, the rooms could be made more pleasant and welcoming, even though they are small.	
Jun 8 2004	Sorry - Rats are cleaner than this!	Stayed at the KE in August of 2002. There was NO furniture except a small night table with one tiny drawer. One hanger in the closet &quot;space.&quot; Truly Edwardian furnishings - hasn't been updated in 100 years. The room was about 10 by 10 - extremely tiny when living out of suitcases (due to lack of drawers and closet). The Bates Motel is more inviting. Attempted to change rooms, but staff played the bait and switch technique - &quot;You'll have to ask the next shift.&quot; All rooms we saw were the same. We dealt with the situation by making it the joke of an otherwise wonderful trip to England. We still laugh at the Little Hotel of Horrors. Cheap, but not worth the price. 	
May 23 2004	Dirty and in need of repair	It's hardly to believe that a hotel can be so run down. The carpet and curtains had not been cleaned for a long time. There was a sort of coffee maker in the room, but don't think of using it, it was so dirty. In the bathroom water was dripping from above.Breakfast was very basic, the breakfast room also not cleaned well.There is an escalator which did not work.Overall a big disappointment.	
May 3 2004	Beware !!!! Dirty !!!!!		
Apr 25 2004	avoid it like the plague		
Apr 17 2004	Dont believe the web site pictures!!		
Mar 28 2004	overpriced and dirty		
Mar 21 2004	hell on earth		
Mar 9 2004	Small Poky Grubby		
Oct 27 2003	needs a good clean		
Sep 11 2003	Dirty Rat Hole		
Apr 4 2003	Really run-down hotel!		
Nov 17 2002	Disappointing		
Nov 17 2002	muy adecuado		
Nov 16 2009 	Muy bueno		
Sep 12 2009 	Mai Più!!!		
Aug 14 2009 	sporco degradato non curato		
Jul 22 2007 	Ci sarei rimasta avessi potuto..		
Jul 25 2006 	Schlecht schlecht und schlecht		
