Nov 23 2009 	Good value	Me and my partner have just stayed at this Travelodge whilst visiting the tennis at the o2.I was a bit weary about leaving my mini in the hotel carpark after reading previous reviews about carpark secruity and having walked to the all night shop around the corner I can see that the carpark could be better protected by a fence.We parked outside the front widow of the reception and had no problems.When we got to our room it was very clean and the bed was comfortable though take your earplugs due to the aircraft taking off.Overall the staff where helpfull and its very convenient for the o2 arena.	
Nov 10 2009 	Avoid if possible	Arrived at 2pm to be charged an extra GBP10 for ''early check-in''. Room okay and clean, certainly devoid of any toiletries, shampoo etc... The lead in price of GBP19 rocketed to GBP99 as there was a conference on at Excel, which was my only reason to stay there.There are plenty of other hotels in the area so if you get the chance, stay somewhere else.	
Oct 18 2009 	Comfortable value	We stayed here on 29th August, having booked their £19 room deal, which is fantastic value for London. The bedroom and bathroom was clean, the bed was comfortable and there were Tea/Coffee facilities in the room. This Travelodge also has a bar/restaurant and although we didn’t use it looked good value – full English costing about £7. We wondered if it was a bit out of the way, wanting to visit the West End, but really the DLR makes it so easy. We experienced none of the rowdiness that you may get from late night clubbers in the city and being a weekend there were no planes from the small airport to disturb the peace either.The next night we stayed at Travelodge Tower Bridge and found the room there more cramped - no bedside table, just a cup size slot in the headboard and the desk/dressing table was much smaller - and a bit more down at heal. In preference, I’d definitely choose to stay at Travelodge London City Airport.	
Sep 9 2009 	Surprisingly good!	We were a bit worried having read the previous recent reviews, but from the moment we arrived all staff from reception to the bar to the chambermaids were great - very friendly and professional.We parked our car, which is not posh I should add(!), in view of reception, under a light, and it remained intact throughout our 2 night stay at a weekend.10 minutes walk to City Airport DLR station which connects pretty well with central London lines, but the underground does seem to have a lot of closures/works, so be prepared for thinking on your feet with regards to changes of lines etc.Hotel comfortable, bed ok, clean room and bathroom - request for more T bags was no problem, so all in all for £50 for 2 nights at a weekend, you can't really ask for more.	
Aug 25 2009 	What a stay! Not Impressed!	After arriving at 3.30am, we booked in to only find that we were ignored as there was a pizza delivery for the reception staff. The wrong info given to us about the pay and display car park out side and no help with getting change for this.Woke up to find out our friends car had beeen broken into and on inspection, found inadequate CCTV covering the car park (my husbands a fire/security expert so he was not impressed) and broken glas all ove the car park from previous break in's. Their plight was not helped when we found out several cars had been broken into in that car park over the week. Totally unimpressed with the breakfast as I later found the I had food poisoning from the breakfast which just set it in stone never to return there again.We had a family room which didn't have the bed made up for our son and not enough towels or pillows let alone sheets!I'll never be booking this hotel again and will not reccommend it to anyone else and will make an official complaint to Travel Lodge office.	
Aug 24 2009 	Vandalism Ignorance blind staff unhelpful	Recent 4 night stay, accommodation usual Travelodge standard, staff unhelpful and in no hurry to serve either at reception or at the bar. Car parked in car park with security camera costing £5 per 24hours. Second morning car found to have passenger side front window smashed and glove box open( very stupidley left sat nav in there) sat nav gone!! Reported to Travelodge reception said it was not thier problem car park managed by a company, company unhelpful as said they had offered Travelodge same security as at sister Travelodge in London Docklands but Travelodge had refused! Our's not the only car to have had this happen another family had suffered the same. Police and Autoglass repair man both said that it was a regular occourance that there are at least 3+ in this car park a week and more in the surrounding &quot;traveller&quot;hotels. Police had set decoy cars with tracker sat navs as bait found the the perpitraitors only to have another &quot;gang&quot; start on the area. Staff asked why there were no warning signs of problem, regarded it as not a travelodge problem. I am also led to belive that the marks on your windscreen attaract these thieves along with any identifcation that you are &quot;just passing through&quot; eg. country car stickers, hire car stickers, permits from your home town, car trinkets that sit on your dash board. Regardless of the sat nav being taken they would have smashed the glass anyway hoping to strike lucky and they did. Will never stay in this area again, be very aware if you are planning to stay here.	
Aug 24 2009 	CRIME CENTRAL-Budget Hotel with Serious Security Issues	This is a typical Travelodge -Cheap value accomodation.The location next to the City Airport and DLR station is convenient for travelling to the hotel and into central London.Travelodge need to do something about staff training as attitude is less than helpful in most cases.DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU ARE PARKING A CAR!!!!!!The most serious issue with this hotel is security in the car park at night.We went down to our car at 5am in the morning with the intention to drive to Alton Towers with the kids. We found our car and another had been broken into- Smashed passenger window and contents of glove box removed in search of Sat Navs. Reported to staff at reception who stated that it was a regular occurrence. &quot;it always happens to the parts of the car park which can't be seen from reception.&quot; CSI attended scene several hours later reported that this was a regular stop for him. The Autoglass guy told us that this car park generated a huge amount of work for the company. &quot;look around the car park and you can see the evidence yourself-fragments of glass from the numerous incidents&quot; Don't let the camera fool you into thinking that this is secure.This issue could be resolved by having a fence around the edge of the grounds to limit access to the main entrance which could be monitored from reception and until this happens stay away from this hotel if you are parking a car. It cost us £50 excess on our insurance, £114 for forfeited prepaid tickets for Alton Towers, A nasty 5hr journey up the M6 on a Friday afternoon with a piece of plastic in the window and four distraught children.	
Aug 24 2009 	Regular car break-ins - window smashed. Not impressed!!	We stayed at this Travelodge as we were working at Indigo2 on the Saturday night. Checked in at 3.15am Sunday morning after telling the hotel by phone we would be late - no problem and excellent service at that time of morning.Problem was that my car was broken into at 5.30am, the passenger door window was smashed. After informing the hotel management - it was a case of embarassed acceptance that it had happened many times before, its now a case of when next and they even know who the culprits are (read young hoodies) that come regularly on their pushbikes at that time of morning, seems they are after SatNavs - mines built in. The hotel security cameras are useless and do not cover the whole car park - guess where they target cars?.We waited five hours for the glass repairers - very busy as they had six similar cases that morning in the area at the budget hotels. I detect a theme here....... and the broken glass seen in daylight all over the car park tells a story - even in front of reception.Back to the hotel - grubby bar/breakfast area - the chairs and carpet were stained and there was some long term filth on the worktops. The stale smell turned out to be the guys use of a filthy mop on the serving area floor - not once did he wash it or use hot water/soap for the whole place!! The tables had that dirty cloth wiped look to them.Not impressed!!	
Jul 27 2009 	Second-rate	My sole purpose was in having a night stopover before taking an early business flight the next day from the nearby airport. It is not a 5 minute walk, more like 15 minutes, which makes a difference if it is raining, which it was. Poorly signposted for a pedestrian, if at all. The dreary, middle-aged woman at the desk was sulky, harrassed and rude. I was just a piece of meat to be processed as quickly as possible. I tried to crack a joke - no response whatsoever. Nearby, there was a young, black member of staff flicking coins monotonously into a drawer. After a long, stressful day, I found this really irritating. I was then given directions at 2000 miles an hour as to where to go, &quot;to the end and then right&quot;. I thought I caught the gist of it, but she was already engrossed in the next customer in the queue. I headed off, but was then bellowed at by some of the idle staff standing by - &quot;Heellllooooooo!!!!!!!!&quot;. No, excuse me, sir, this is the way to the lifts.Yes, no frills, but blimey surely a bare minimum degree of customer service is needed????	
Jul 25 2009 	Vandalism Microwave Food Un-proffesional Staff Attitude	Arrived at the lodge after a simple trip by car, enter the street name and city into Tom Tom as the postcode takes you on a lovely view of the Thames Barrier. The receptionist was ignorant, arrogant and was more interested in her mobile phone than the people waiting to check in. The room was adequate and of the normal Travelodge standard, TV picture was very weak but the sound levels were ok to drown out the DLR railway outside of my window. After a relaxing shower, very good, I ventured to the bar and ordered my food, soup and a burger, both microwaved, luke warm and very bland. I asked politely if the food could be warmed up and it was returned with boiling hot salad..... A good nights sleep was had and ready for the next day I returned to my car to find the passenger window knocked out and my glove box turned over (nothing of value left in the car overnight) as well as 4 other cars in the well lit car park, £5.00 for 24hrs. I returned to reception to be told that &quot;its happening all the time, there is nothing we can do&quot;. The police were called at 2am and I have a crime number, what I find amazing is that my car was in view of the reception but nothing was seen by the on duty receptionist ???? it was only the car alarms which alerted staff. I asked would it not be prudent to alert customers to the ongoing situation so at least steps could be taken to minimise the chance of break ins, ie: cleaning windscreens of Tom Tom bracket marks etc and to my amazement to receive the comment &quot;if we tell customers they won't stay again&quot; not wrong there einstein. To top off my day I was late for my meeting, did not win the contract and drove north with a plastic window in torrential rain for company and have a replacement bill of over £250.00 for the window. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO MY WORST ENEMY.	
Jul 24 2009 	Nice and convenient	Usual Travelodge experience - very reasonably priced with basic, clean rooms. It is really easy to catch the DLR from this hotel at just a short 10 minute walk to the nearest station, London City Airport. Convenient for the 02 Arena and other attractions near London Docklands. Costs £5 per day to park just outside the hotel. OverallI would recommend this hotel if you want no frills and a cheap night in London.	
Jul 13 2009	Would never stay here again	Where to begin? First of all, too far out of the city. The DLR is in walking distance, but still a pain to get into the city. Second, no phones in the room, no alarms and none of the staff knew how to set the alarms on the tv (the remotes did not synch with the tvs), so kind of a pain getting up in the morning when you don't have your own alarm. It was clean and decent, but the staff was rude and everything was very bare and sparse. Not good for London tourists.	
Jun 9 2009 	clean and comfortable	i agree with previous review , stayed here as good price and was going to 02 arena not much else around but a good clean comfortable base easy to get to 02 and back about 40mins into west end all easy routes , standerd travelodge rooms but ok and clean would stay here again good value	
Jun 1 2009 	Basic clean undistinctive value.	This Travelodge is 15 minute walk or one bus stop to the London City Airport, and easily accessible from the Underground through Canning Town station and bus 474 to street in front of hotel (DLR stops 20 minute walk away) LCA offers inexpensive fares to the rest of Europe ($50 to Amsterdam in my case). There are no pubs, restaurants nearby in this semi-industrial area, but a dining/drinking facility in the hotel. Hotel and rooms are clean, simple, secure, modern. Recommended among the number of iffy London inexpensive hotels. WIFI report: Ripoff alert! On booking the room I was encourged to pre-pay for a certain time of WIFI access during my stay. Problem was it wasn't cumulative, so when I used just 20 minutes of the hour I had signed up for the hour was gone. Hotel desk said they had no control over it because it was run by another company. Internet access in the lobby was much cheaper than in the room @ L1 for 20:00. I have demanded a refund from Travelodge.	
May 28 2009 	best for stop over	The hotel is just 5 mins walk to the airport. It is a budget hotel in the airport area. The room is ok and basic. Staff is not very helpful but it is ok if you are just stop over.	
May 21 2009 	Adds new meaning to the word 'dire'	Go up to London by train, have a nice meal in the west end then take the tube to the convenient hotel right by the airport. Enjoy a good night's sleep and in the morning a leisurely stroll to get our flight.. ...or so we thought. We got off the tube at London City Airport after 11pm to find ourselves in a dark, quiet car park with no sign of any hotels. We wandered about with our luggage in tow looking lost for while until we saw a cab. The driver knew the hotel (of course) but suggested that it was a fair walk considering our luggage, so we jumped in.The hotel was, I suppose 'within walking distance' of the airport (when you think about it, that doesn't mean very much) but the next day's slog of a walk dragging suitcases rendered the description somewhat optimistic, to say the least.The hotel itself was exactly what you'd expect for a budget hotel in a business area, cleary designed by an architect whose previous projects had included prisons and abattoirs - but that was ok, after all, we were just there to sleep. Ah yes, sleep….At about 2 am there was much slamming of doors and shouting in the corridor. There was no phone in the room to alert reception (although I'd have thought that they should have been able to hear the noise anyway) so after waiting a reasonable amount of time in the hope that the racket would end, I pulled on my dressing gown and ventured out. I was faced with a group of 5 or 6 ‘youths’, clearly quite drunk, having an enthusiastic debate about the promiscuous nature of one of the girls in the group. This involved the girl shouting and swearing incessantly at the boys, who returned the compliments en masse. Somewhat nervously I asked them to stop and to my amazement, they agreed. I returned to my room. Half an hour went by before it all ‘went off’ again – only this time with much greater ferocity. Once again I donned my robe and ventured out – this time to be confronted by about a gang of about 20, lining the corridor and jeering ‘you gonna complain, eh mistah?’ and making a few inaccurate suggestions about my parenthood and sexuality. I decided to proceed nonetheless and made my way (in as calm and dignified a manner as I could muster in my robe) to reception. I was greeted by the sight of several other guests, all in their robes, all complaining of the same disturbance throughout the hotel. The receptionist was ‘dealing’ with the problem by crying a lot and promising that we would all be reimbursed (which of course, never happened). Eventually she agreed to call the police so I made my way back through the jeering gang towards my room. By now it was well past 4am.We got up at six. I had had NO sleep, my adrenaline level was through the roof and all I had to look forward to was the ‘walking distance’ endurance march to the airport.Never again.	
May 4 2009 	Going downhill all the time...	I have stayed at this hotel quite a few times - it's the only hotel within walking distance of London City Airport, and very convenient for those early flights.I had no complaints about the hotel on my first few stays - I don't expect luxury at a Travelodge, and I found this hotel entirely adequate. Clean, well-maintained rooms. A bar serving basic but entirely palatable food. My one complaint was the fact that they don't start serving breakfast until 7 am, which is far too late for an airport hotel.However, on my last few stays I noticed a distinct deterioration - the hotel wasn't as clean as it used to be, and both food and service in the bar seemed to have gone downhill. And when I stayed there last week things had got so bad that, despite the convenience, I seriously doubt I will ever stay there again.There were hygiene issues - we had to get the quilt exchanged because of stains (disgusting-looking stains!) both on the cover and on the quilt itself. The bar was filthy - none of the tables had been cleared, and there was food on the floor. When we asked staff if it would be possible to clear some tables (there were several people waiting to sit down) the reply was &quot;No, we're too busy&quot;. And they clearly were... from what we could see there were all of four people on duty, to look after a large hotel that was fully booked and man the bar and restaurant. When we asked to speak to the manager we were told that she wasn't available to speak to customers because she was busy cooking!To top it all, when we were finally able to order food (we had to wait about 20 minutes to be served at the bar) we were told to expect a wait of at least 90 minutes - and this was well after 9 pm. We ended up just ordering a glass of wine and a bag of crisps.Staff attitudes also left a lot to be desired - the receptionist was brilliant, but everybody else seemed surly and rude, especially the guy behind the bar. But maybe they were just overworked?The whole thing was a complete shambles. I don't really blame the staff on duty, I blame the management who only rostered four people when they surely must have known that the hotel was fully booked.	
Apr 25 2009 	absolute gem!!!	just returned from here after a 1 night stay and found this to be a little gem of a hotel.managed to bag 2 rooms with breakfast @ £24 each and was very happy with everything, i mainly stay in Hilton's and novotels on my travels but saw this on the web at travelodge site and decided to give it a try.i arrived with a mate at 3.30pm parked in the car-park ( £5 per 24 hours) and check in was swift and friendly , took lift to 3rd floor to rooms 308 and 306 which has views to the rear of hotel over a train line and industrial park, was still pleasant though.after returning at around midnight we walked back from d.l.r stop to hotel which seemed quite safe and well lit, slept well and bed was comfy and big, the room itself was clean and large it also had a very powerful heaterthe bathroom was again quite big with a fantastic shower that was very powerful ( loved this), the next morning we had breakfast of which was hot and cold buffet style, this was plentiful and delicious.we went for a walk afterwards over the bridge to the other side of airport and watched the planes take off and land...... this was fun!!, gonna bring the kids down next time as they would love this and its free, and very close!to round it off had very nice stay and cannot fault the place and at £24 was a bargain!, will return v. soon.	
Apr 8 2009 	good clean cheap hotel	This Travel Lodge is located right next to the City Airport in the east of London Docklands area. It is close to the 02 area and the Excel exhibition centre and the Light Railway station is about 10 min walk way which will take you into Central London within about 40 mins.Hotel is quite quiet, room was modern with TV, bathroom small but clean with a full bath and shower.There is on site car parking for £5 a night. Breakfast was extra at £7.50 eat all you can buffet style of full English and continental.Only bad thing was the bed was rather hard and bouncy!	
Mar 9 2009 	easy acess to o2	Fairly new but usual travelodge fayre, managed to get a room on a saturday night for 29 pounds. We were going to the o2 and was alot cheaper than the other hotels around the arena. The 474 bus stops right outside and is only 5-6 minutes to Canning town station and then one stop on the jubilee line to the o2 (the bus runs every 12 minutes). also ideal for the airport and although close heard no noise. Basic but would use again	
Jan 10 2009 	Fine hotel and great value	I agree with the other positive comments about this property and just wanted to add mine about the public transport available. If you take the DLR, you take the one headed toward King George and get off at the London City Airport stop. From there, you can, of course, walk to the property or take either the 473 or 474 buses toward Stratford or Canning Town respectively and get off at the first stop which is directly in front of the hotel. You can also go to Canning Town and take the 474 bus the other direction at stop at the Connaught Street stop which is the one in front of the hotel and about a 10 minute bus ride from Canning Town. The 473 goes in another direction after the Travelodge, so the 474 is your only option in this direction.	
Jan 10 2009 	Perfect for a break in cheap London.	We booked this Travelodge in a £19 a night promotion, costing us £38 for a two night stay (without breakfast).On arrival the Travelodge was very quiet, the receptionist was efficient and we were soon in our rom, which was spotlessly clean.Although we booked a family room, there was no linen for the bed-settee, but this was soon remedied by a trip to reception. We also only had one hand and one bath towel. There was no problem obtaining a hairdryer at reception one evening.The room was practical and clean, and we were on the ground floor, overlooking the carpark, and airport runway. We heard no noise from either the car park, road or airport tospeak of. No planes take offor land at night.It costs £5 for 24 hours for parking in teh car park. We booked this directly with Britannia car parks from a number teh receptionist gave us.We travelled into London each day - we walked for approx 10mins to London city airport , caught the DLR to Canning Town and changed onto the Jubilee line into London. It took 55 mins approx in total to get to Hyde Park.The only downside to this hotal is the bar-cafe. It is expensive for what you get and the service was appalling in our experience. I ordered a jacket potato with chilli &amp; salad, my husband ordered burger, chips and salad. We were told they had no salad!!!! We could pick any other side order instead for free - onion rings or garlic dough balls - hardly a substitute for a salad!We didnt take breakfast at the hotel, but it looked very busy in the morning.All in all, you cant complain for £19 a night, and they've got some rooms this summer at £9. I dont thing I would pay any more than £20 though!!!Ideal for a cheap trip to the capital.	
Dec 11 2008 	Absolutely fine especially for LCY	I paid £32 for a night here (come on! £32!) to stay within 10 minutes walk from London City airport. It was absolutely fine. Reception were efficient and polite, the room was equipped with everything I needed - bathroom (with bath, shower, toilet, sink), TV, tea/coffee making facilities, comfortable bed. There was no disturbing noise from the airport. It was very clean. I don't think you can ask for more than that for £32, and it meant I could avoid risking using British trains to get to the airport for an early flight. (In fact it was cheaper too - an advanced purchase train ticket the previous evening and a night in the hotel were cheaper than the astronomical sum I would have had to pay for an unreliable train early in the morning) And this is *much* better than the nearby ETAP hotel. I shall be using this hotel again if I fly from London City airport.	
Nov 26 2008 	Very Impressed	As someone who doesn't normally stay in travelodge hotels, I was very impressed.We chose this hotel on the basis of its location as we were flying from London City Airport the following day. The hotel is only 5 minutes walk from the DLR stop (10 min with luggage!). Even at night the walk felt safe as it was well lit.Check-in was quick and efficient and we were given a room on the top floor. Security at the hotel was very good as you needed your room key to open the door to the lift area.The room was large with plenty of room for luggage/bags etc. As we were on the opposite side of the hotel to the Airport, we heard no aircraft noise. The room was also very clean.Overall, an excellent hotel for London City Airport.	
Nov 4 2008 	Good clean hotel but don't eat there	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel and it is really good, especially at £29 a night. Lovely comfortable beds, Spotless bathroom. Infact the whole hotel was spotless. Good transport links as well, Just get the 474 bus to Canning Town Tube Station and you will be in the centre of London in less than 20 minutes.The only letdown was the food Nearly broke my teeth on the chiabatta bread that came with my soup. Plus it is pricy as well. Would have given it 5 stars otherwise.I would stay there again.	
Oct 26 2008 	There are more convenient options	My travels seem destined to acquaint me with the totality of Travelodges in London, and this time it was City Airport's turn.Honestly the only functionality I can see to this hotel is, a clean, cheap and safe place to sleep if you are not planning to do anything in central London that evening or the next morning. Not being able to check in before 3 PM, the idea of venturing back onto the tube at rush hour was not appealing: and you'd be hard pressed to go anywhere the following morning and get back to the room before the 12 o'clock checkout.There is literally nothing in the area around the hotel except a petrol station with a small shop. Nearest Tesco was Canary Wharf and after reading what others have written about the hotel food, I went there around 7 to have a pint and pick up some snacks for the room. But the travel connections are unappealing. There is a bus stand directly in front of the hotel, but buses pass infrequently and then it's 15 minutes to Canning Town Tube/DLR, with a further ride onto anywhere worth going.There are (usually) more convenient options at the same price and within the same chain.Having said all that - room was the usual clean, comfortable travelodge, and I did get an excellent night's sleep, so... thanks!	
Oct 24 2008 	Don`t eat there !	Inability to use &quot;microwave&quot; (think this is what is used as no chef/cook would send out food like this) means most of evening meals are served only just warm and not hot! Otherwise Travelodge OK	
Oct 17 2008 	OK it's cheap but....	.. you get what you pay for.I was looking for a hotel conveniently close to London City Airport so I could easily catch an early morning flight. It is located 5-10 minutes walk from the airport (depending how fast you walk); but too close to take a taxi. However, not a pleasant walk, mostly along dimly lit footpaths and under railway bridges. I wouldn't recommend it at night to people with a nervous disposition.I checked into the hotel about 7pm. Only one person on reception, and a queue of 5-6 people which it took about 20 minutes to process. Not sure why but the check-in process was very slow. When I got to my room the first thing I noticed was the smell of wet carpet; seems like someone had tipped the contents of the kettle onto the floor. Under normal circumstances I would have asked for another room, but was in a hurry to go out to an evening function and could not afford time to wait in the reception queue for another 20 minutes.When i got back to the hotel later that evening (about 11pm) my card key no longer worked. Again only one person on reception and only one person in front of me, but it took 10-15 minutes to &quot;process&quot; him (part of the problem was that the hotel had run out of card keys) before I could get my card key re-set and to get into my smelly room. The best thing I can say is that the reception staff are very polite... I guess they have to be to placate frustrated guests.	
Oct 1 2008 	Dont leave it late for Breakfast!	Used this hotel as a base for visiting a West End show. Location much easier to locate by road than the nearby Travelodge Docklands. Ten minute walk to Pontoon Dock for DLR then change to Jubilee Line for Central London. Room &amp; check in fine but regretted decision for late breakfast on the Saturday morning. Most of the cooked food had been consumed and staff attitude regarding provision of replacement provisions was unhelpful to say the least. 'We only have one person cooking and we are doing our best 'was the answer. My opinion is that they are understaffed in the kitchen department and the facility is not large enough for the number of guest rooms available. All in all glad we only paid £29 night thanks to early pre-booking.	
Jul 23 2008 	Dreadful!	We stayed here for easy access to central London at a reasonable price as we are a large young family and needed 2 rooms for 3 nights, but regretted it the moment we arrived.The 3rd bed in each room was not made and Reception told us bluntly that it was hotel policy for guests to make their own beds. We had to ask for sheets as none were provided but were given dirty ones from a bin liner. We took them back and were eventually given clean ones but it was late and the kids were beyond tired after having travelled all day. We then noticed that the sheets on one of the double beds were also dirty and had to go and ask for clean ones again and change the bed ourselves. Throughout this whole fiasco no apology was offered and blame was placed on the laundry man , whoever that was. The next morning my wife was getting her breakfast when the man in charge shouted at her from across the room to &quot;put it back, you're not allowed it, you're part of the group!&quot; Everyone was staring and my wife had to explain that we were not part of any group and we had prepaid for our breakfast. He started shouting at her to produce her breakfast ticket which she did but felt very harassed by this point.Would recommend a youth hostel rather than this place. Will definitely not stay in a Travelodge again.	
Jun 21 2008 	Ok For Work	I paid £100 room only per night then had to pay £5 to park overnight which I found rather money grabbing. Surely if you actually stay at the hotel you should be able to park for free?I had a room on the airport side which wasn't as noisy as I thought it would be and probably a nicer view of the airport, the docks and Excel than that on the other side of the Docklands Railway viaduct.The room was clean and the bed very comfortable. From my bed I could see the planes flying past, not for everyone maybe?!The staff I met all seemed friendly and check in was fast.I thought that the bar and restaurant prices were expensive for what you got ,so I would reccomend that you bring your own, both food and drink. Being a Travelodge, the staff don't mind you bringing takeaways in and I had a good laugh with the receptionists when my pizza arrived as they said it looked far too large for just one person! A short walk away is a small rank of shops and a service station.The location is good for the City Airport, Excel and the Woolwich ferry, but if I was a tourist I would probably want to stay closer to the centre of London. Then again, you can't park in central London for £5 so all in all not a bad place to stay especially if you get a discount rate, unlike me.I would return if I needed accomodation in the area but there is a large choice of similar hotels close by so you can shop around for the best price.	
Jun 21 2008	okay for one night	Stayed here last August for the ROLLING STONES concert at the hotel, and could not get checked in until 17.00, so with this in mind, I arrived there at about 19.30, as I was staying in London for one night, on the way back from a trip to Derry, and had things to do and people to see in London the next morning.The weather was awful, so opted to eat in the hotel, instead of eating out.....The bar no longer does beers on draught, only in cans and bottles. I asked for a can of beer and a glass of white wine and she said &quot;I only have red by the glass&quot; so i pointed to a bottle of white in the fridge and asked her why i couldn't have a glass and she said &quot;Because we sell it by the bottle&quot; so I asked her where they get the red wine from to sell it by the glass and she said &quot;oh from a bottle I opened earlier! SO why they would open a red, and not a white, I really don't know! Waited ages for the food order, and the dessert arrived before the main course, but the waiter soon sorted the problem out, and gave us a drink on the house to make up for the mix up, which was a nice gesture on his part!Room was clean and tidy with a good view of the nearby airport runway and thanks to the double glazing, you could not hear a thing, so a goodnights sleep was insured!Breakfast in the morning was nice, as always, and David the Vietnamese breakfast supervisor, was an asset to the place, as always!	
Jun 4 2008 	Great value for money	It was a few miles from central London.with a good bus service to a local tube station, (Canning Town, on the Jubilee Line.) The room was comfortable but basic.	
May 15 2008 	Excellent Value - Great location !!	I recently stayed here for 3 nights Location - Excellently located right by London City Airport Check in - Was quick and easy Room - Very large room - Very clean and tidy !!Bathroom - Typical Travelodge hotel bathroom Check out - I just dropped my room card in the postbox - I had asked for a late checkout so therefore had to pay the £10 Travelodge charge Restuarant - Impatient supervisor - He seemed very rude to me - Nice none the lessOverall - Very nice - booked in December for £29 a night for 3 nights = £87 - Would DEFINATELY stay here again !!-----I stayed here prior to attending the Tutankhamun exhibition and Celine Dion concert at The 02 ( The Dome )To get to The 02 - Go to the airport - get a oyster card - travel on the DLR ( Docklands Light Railway ) Travel from London City Airport to Canning Town - Change there then go on the Jubilee Line - The 02 is about 10 minutes travelling time from the airport !! - For travel to the London Eye / Big Ben / Houses of Parliment - Get the Jubilee line tube to Westminister and your in the beating heart of Londons tourist sights	
May 15 2008 	Disaster	Arrived back at the room at midnight following an anniversary night out to find our card key wouldn't work, nor would the replacement key nor the masterkey offered by reception. We were told that an engineer couldn't be contacted until the following day. After an hour of arguing with reception and sitting on the hotel corridor floor, an engineer was called and we eventually got back into our room. The level of customer service we experienced was terrible. The following morning, the bathroom totally flooded which seems to be a theme in Travelodge accomodation! Nightmare.	
May 12 2008 	Plain but functional	After some problems finding the hotel (based on Google Map's directions, not the hotel's) I was relieved to find the hotel to be quite good all round.My room was bigger than I expected and was relatively clean however I did suspect one of the towels to be already used. The bed was very comfortable though.My room overlooked the City Airport run way, so every minute or so a plane would vibrate the room as it flew past the window - disconcerting at first. The staff were very good, attentive and polite which was great. The food was very mixed quality - I would avoid the Chicken Arabiatta as the chicken is like hard lumps and is inedible.	
May 7 2008 	wonderfull!	Travelodge was a marvellous place to stay and to London standards,the hotel was not expensive to stay at.Only £75 avarage a night for a family room supplied with even coffee and lcd-tv set.we enjoyed our stay very much,London is a beautiful place to see and the public transport connections there are so good!every 12 minutes a bus to Canning Town where we changed to the Jubilee line,just 30 minutes right to the center of London!Especially ,I want to mention David the Vietnamese man,the guy that worked so brilliant all alone ,to please the costumers to make very nice continental and English breakfast.We talked for a while and I was pleased to meet him!!for sure I will come when I'm in London,to Travelodge London City Airport!!!from the Koopen family,Enkhuizen ,Netherlands.	
May 4 2008	Great value for money	My wife and I booked this hotel for 4 nights (18-22/4/08) @£29 per night after returning from Scotland, and before flying back to Australia. We actually stayed in Edinburgh on the night of the 18th, but because we were flying into London City Airport at 9.00am on the 19th all we had to do was ring the hotel on the evening of the 18th and they checked us in and had our keycard ready and waiting for us at reception when we arrived the next morning. (Travelodge policy is they will cancel your booking if you have not checked in on the first day of your booking – even if it is a non-refundable booking – learnt that one the hard way). We preferred this rather than going to the hassle of finding somewhere to store our luggage until check-in at 3pm. £29 for the room was only marginally dearer than 4 x £6.50 to leave our bags at ‘Left Luggage’ at one of the Rail Stations. It was great to be able to get into the room straight away, shower and get into fresh clothes and then head out for our Premier League game.We used the bus everyday to go to Canning Town Underground station to get into London – very easy. Because it’s a new hotel, the rooms are all great – clean and in good repair. Due to it being basically in the middle of nowhere, we had breakfast in the dinning room every morning and had no complaints. One morning we chose to have a sleep in and only went down 30 minutes before breakfast finished and they had run out of bacon, but other than that can not fault the breakfast at all. It’s fun watching the aeroplanes arriving at the airport across the road.Evening meal in the dinning room – well that’s another matter. We decided to give it a try on our last night and it was a bit of a shambles. To start with, the computerised cash register was playing up and had to be rebooted, so they couldn’t take orders for about 15 or 20 minutes. When we browsed through the menu we decided to play it safe and order Lasagne and a Chicken Tika Massala – “sorry we don’t have any” after asking for a few other items and being told they didn’t have those either, we finally had a win with a Ham and Pineapple pizza. We were so tired and hungry we didn’t really care, but some of the other customers were getting quite irate with the staff about the lack of available menu items. When the pizza did arrive, it was obviously straight out of the freezer, so it still amazes me the rest of the menu items weren’t in the freezer as well. The dinning room manger (if there was one) would have been better off collecting up the menus and just putting up a sign listing meals that WERE available. It’s a real shame, because everything else about the hotel was great and it certainly isn’t enough to stop me from returning. Just find somewhere else for your evening meal. Transport links are good. The Thames Barrier is just a few minutes walk away (we could see it from our room) and is worth a look. The triple glazing really works because we could not hear ANY noise from the airport.Overall- a great budget hotel with good transport links.	
Apr 11 2008 	Basic but very comfortable good quality for money a bit far from downtown	There are now 3 times I have been staying at London City Airport Travelodge bcs the 1st time I was there I felt like at home so I decided I will definitely to elect it as my favorite hotel in London.Although it's about 40/45 minutes far from Central London (Oxford Street/Marble Arch) it's so funny to take the Central Line to Bank and then change to DLR until LCY, then u can choose between a 10 minutes walk or to a 1 minute ride on bus 473/474 to reach the hotel.It's a very new building opened on Dec 4th 2005, so everything is good and the locaton is nice, in front of LCY runway.This is spectacular while having breakfast in the morning with the a/c's taking off and landing just out of the window, but it's absolutely not noisy during nighttime other than the windows are anti-acoustic.The rooms are basic and essential, but equally large and very comfortable to stay. The beds are very good and I always sleep very well there.There is a satellite tv and tea-coffee making facilities available.The heating/air conditioned works very good.The staff has been always very nice and friendly and warm welcoming.The breakfast is a buffet and u can eat as u want, everything is so good and well cooked.There is also a car parking available but I've never used it bcs I was there without a car.I will stay there again and again :))	
Mar 31 2008	Room OK. Pity About the Breakfast	I booked the hotel a few months in advance, and got a good deal (£29 for the room, breakfast extra.) It was a few miles from central London, but near DLR stations, and also with a good bus service to a local tube station, (Canning Town, on the Jubilee Line.)The room was comfortable but basic, and generally clean, although I doubt that the skirting baords had been dusted for at least a fortnight, ditto the top of the wardrobe.Breakfast was another matter. I had paid in advance, £6.75 a day. (£7.50 if you pay on the day.) On the first morning, when I arrived, I was told that bacon &amp; saussages would be about 5 minutes 20 minutes later, the bacon appeared. All in, I was there for 45 minutes, and didn't see a single saussage. The member of staff in charge was constantly running around like a headless chicken, whilst actually doing very little. Over 4 days, nothing ever got replenished unless somebody told him that it had run out, whereas a competent member of staff would have monitored supply and replenished without being prompted. I.E. on day 1, I had to ask for bread. 5 minutes previously, there had only been 6 slices, and a crowded dining room, so it was obvious that we were about to run out. Day 4, I had to ask for cups, then when they came, I had to ask him to fill the coffee machine; I saw another guest requesting more BUTTER, and then having to explain that what was currently available was MARGARINE, which is not the same thing. Also, for reasons best known to the hotel staff, the butter and margarine were always at the opposite end of the bufet to the bread and the jam, which was inconvenient as well as illogical.The man &quot;in charge&quot; kept coming and asking if everything was all right; in principal, this was a good thing. However, if you came to breakfast at a quiet time, he would come round aproximately every 2 minutes, which was extremely irritatingThe menu was:CerealsFruit JuiceTinned Oranges &amp; Grapefruit, although on day 4, they had completely run out of oranges.BaconSaussages, although not on day 1; they were pretty inedible the rest of the time.Scrambled Egg, which tasted like it was made from powder.Baked Beans, Tinned Tomatoes and Mushrooms (boiled?)Bread (Propper loaves, brown only on day 1, white as well on other days.)Butter, Cheap Margarine and Tasteless Jam.CroissantsChocolate Muffins (not on day 1)Tea and Coffee; there were 2 machines, one of which was permenantly out of order, besides it would have been completely inaccessible if anybody had been using the other one.From the items not present on certain days (white bread, saussages, oranges, chocolate muffins... I would guess that the kitchen's ordering policy was &quot;Don't even think about ordering more until we've completely run out.&quot; Not good when people are paying for the service.All in, if I had been charged £35.75 for a room INCLUSIVE of breakfast, I would have said that it was excelent value; however, having paid seperately for the breakfast, I have to say that it wasn't worth the £6.75 they charged.	
Jan 8 2008 	Excellent value and great location for the O2 arena	I have just returned from a one night stay at the Travelodge, and I agree with many of the comments already on here.It was a bargain at £29 for the night, and only £5 for parking! There was loads of room in the car park too when we arrived at about 1.30pm (on a Sunday) so no issue with spaces either.I stayed with 2 friends, and there was plenty of space in the room to move about, and I slept comfortably on the sofa bed with a lovely soft duvet that I wanted to take home with me! There's a nice flat screen TV in the room as well as coffee &amp; tea facitlites.Considering we were right at the front of the hotel, literally in touching distance of the airport, we weren't kept awake by any noise. Staff were friendly and pleasant.We were attending a concert at the o2 arena nearby, and walked down the road to the London City airport station. Had I read other reviews before we went, I now know there is also a bus that stops right outside the hotel which links to the nearby Canning Town station. We travelled into Central London in less than half an hour. We walked back from the airport station to the hotel around midnight, and despite being 3 girls, we were quite happy and there was no cause for concern. All in all, it was a great value stay, worthy of all the good reviews they have on here. Ok, it's not The Soho Hotel (no.1 rated London hotel on Trip Advisor) but it's better than I expected for a £29-a-night Travelodge and I would happily stay there again.	
Jan 8 2008	Great Value for Money / Great Location	HiStayed here for a concert at the 02 - found the hotel easy to drive to - plenty of parking and the DLR train station only 10 min walk away and got to london within about 20 mins on a all day rail card which only cost about a fiver.Food very nice - staff really helpful.Great bargain break - will definately go again!	
Nov 15 2007	Recent Visit	I thought after using the trip advisor website many times I should contribute back.This hotel is exactly what you would expect from Travel Lodge - it's clean, well maintained and if you use your head you get a fantastic deal.Everyone else has sung it's praises so there's no point in repeating it all again other than to say we have just got home and I've just booked a week there for next summer at £29 a night.One major piece of information to note regarding the travel to and from the hotel.If you go to London City Airport you have to walk back along a fairly desolate road which takes about 15 minutes and I wouldn't fancy at night to be honest.I asked the receptionist at the hotel about alternatives and she game me this gem of a tip.Get the day travel passes for the underground/DLR/bus (on day one go to a station information desk and buy them in advance for the rest of your stay but get the DAILY ones not the 3 or 7 days ones which work out more expensive).Once you have your daily travel cards:every time you go out walk to the car park barrier and there is a bus stop, get on the 474 bus (every 4 minutes) and go to Canning Town which is 5 minutes on the bus.Canning Town is a three-in-one self contained station - tube, DLR and bus.At Canning Town you can access the tube and DLR and the bus when coming back.When coming back get off the DLR or tube at Canning Town and get the same 474 bus which again will go past the entrance to the hotel where there is a bus stop on either side of the road. Get off at the entrance and walk back inside the hotel!!It's so simple and a great service all included in your daily pass at £5.70.Don't go anywhere near the London City Aiport DLR as you'll just have a walk back along to the hotel when you could already be sitting pretty in your room.	
Sep 17 2007 	Basic but clean	I booked this Travelodge because of the great reviews I had read here and I wasn't disappointed. I booked way in advance because I already had other plans made and was able to get the 26.00 pounds per night deal. As others have mentioned that is a fantastic rate for London. The room was basic but very clean, beds were confortable and there was enough room for myself and two teens to move around in. The only complaint was &quot;no soap&quot;. I knew we were not going to get the basket of toiletries etc but I did expect a bar of soap. Had to make a trip to a small store not too far from the hotel to find some. The area isn't the best and I would not want to linger around there after dark. There really is nothing around the hotel to make for a pleasant evening stroll etc but for a basic place to stay while commuting in and out of London it was o.k. As mentioned, it's about a ten minute walk to the DLR and trains are frequent, every ten minutes. Did not find the noise of either the Dlr or airport to be a major concern.The breakfast buffet was good, plentiful and well maintained. Expensive if you don't have children but for 7 pounds fifty my two children (15 and under) and myself had a substantial start to the day.All in all a good stay and for the price it can't be beat.	
Sep 8 2007 	Excellent Value	Booked approx 6 weeks ago and managed to get a £26 room.We had a bedroom on the third floor with views to the Airport. The double glazing was efficient so the plane noise was not obtrusive.Room simply furnished but more than adequate for a one or two night stay. (even if we had to pay a higher rate ). Plenty of Tea and coffee provided in the room. Pleasant 10 min walk to DLR.Staff were very helpful and happy, my request for an extra pillow was cheerfully met. Would definitely stay again when travelling to O2 for a show.	
Aug 31 2007 	Value for money but . . . .	As a business traveller I stay at the Travelodge because it is conveniently located near the terminal at London City Airport. I understand that the accomodations are basic, but appreciate the low price as well.If you have to fly in and out of London (City) and are in need a place to sleep and wash, you can do so here without being being ripped off. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom, with its single bar of soap, was clean. Apart from the room, the rest of the hotel could be kept a bit tidier or at least a bit cheerier. But then again, this place is spartan and functional by design, without any frills or extras. On my last visit, I was witness to a number of low-level spats between the unwashed and the hotel staff -- in both instances centering on the former's perceived limited access to alcohol. And therein lay exposed the great difficulty for Travelodge . On the one hand simple, budget hotels such as this one are an attractive alternative for the business traveller, particularly in London. At the same time, Travelodge's attractive pricing can act as a magnet for the low-rent crowd. Probably not an issue for most male travellers, but perhaps one for women. Bear all this in mind and you'll be better positioned to accept a night or two at the Travelodge.	
Aug 23 2007 	Excellent for the O2	We stayed here as an overnight stay for a concert at O2. We had read the previous reviews and decided to make our way down to London early and take advantage of the car park and head into town. Getting a one day Travelcard (which we used to get to the O2 in the evening) made it more worthwhile. We passed on the breakfast at the hotel and went to McDonalds for breakfast after we checked out, which is about 7 minutes drive away towards the North Circular Road. All in all a good night's stay!	
Aug 12 2007 	Good value hotel	We stayed one night at the Travelodge as we were going to the O2 arena for a concert. The journey to the O2 took approx 1/2 hour - 10 mins walk to DLR station then DLR a couple of stops and change for 1 stop on the Jubilee line. Very easy and lots of trains after the concert so didn't take long to get back despite number of passengers. The room was OK - fairly basic, en-suite shower, TV etc. Clean and in good condition as fairly new. No complaints on the room. The hotel itself was quite hot though. It seemed to be down to the lighting in the corridors. Breakfast was good value - £7.50 for hot buffet, cereal, toast, fruit &amp; yoghurt. You can only get to the rooms if you have a key as there is a corridor to the lift which we felt was fairly good security - afetr 10pm they lock the main door so yo have to buzz for security. Car parking costs £5 per night whcih we also thoguht was good value. Overall good experience and would stay again if we were going to O2 again.	
Jun 27 2007 	Fantastic!	I booked this hotel in advance as part of the travelodge £26 offer. The hotel is quite new so furnishings are in perfect condition. The room was large and very clean - provided all that we needed. Staff were very friendly and the resturant/bar service quick. The food was nothing special but well priced. It was well located for our trip out of city airport and close to a DLR stop. Would definitely recommend!	
Jun 18 2007 	Another great stay at this hotel	This is my second visit to this hotel - it is marvelous!The staff are very friendly and the rooms absolutely spotless and got all that you want. Breakfast is £7.50 for as much as you can eat cooked and also cereals etc. It is in between Pontoon Dock and London City Airport DLR stops. I found it a better walk for to go to Pontoon Dock. There is also a good bus service from outside the hotel.	
Jun 15 2007 	Still as good	We stayed at this place three nights 5-9 June. We got a family room on he first floor and paid 26 punds a night. For the price we paid this is a very good alternative.For that fantastic price we got a clean, quiet and a room large enough for the three of us. As our room was on the DLR side (tube side) we could open the window without the feeling that someone could come through the window. If you get first floor on the parking side (airport side) you will proabybly feel that someone might come and try to enter (they do have safty chains on the windows). We had dinner twice at the hotel. First night very slow service and dirty tables as a lot of people had decided to dine late. Second night much better service with clean tables. Breakfast was good however we had it late and understood that it was very busy early in the morning. But for the price we paid we undertstand that Travelodge can not have to much staff. If you get a travelcard for your London transport take an off peak one allowing you on the system from 0930 then you can have breakfast a bit later and then off you go.The hotel is soundproof and I can honestly say without this the hotel would not have be an alternative for us. The perfect location for London City Airport also means that, if the wind is towards the hotel, you will smell the jetfuel to such an extent that you want to close the window. But the airport closes when you go to sleep so you will be ok if your are out and about during the day.To get to the hotel we took a taxi from London City Airport it costed with a tip 4 punds. If you arrive late with children I would recommend this and avoid geeting lost first night. If you want to walk just follow the DLR track towards the city using the pavement on the road under and beside the DLR track (described before in other reviews).Conclusion, this is a very good alternative in London if you want a fine basic room and want to use your money on other things than a nice view from your window.	
Jun 11 2007 	Great Location for London days out	Great Location. Rooms are great for the money. Had a family room for 1 night. Parked the car early on the Wednesday and took the bus then tube into London. Took about 30mins in total to get to Westminster. Only cost £5 to park the car which was a great deal. Would definately use this hotel next trip to London.	
Jun 1 2007 	Very Good Value	Stayed with the family for 3 days in May 2007, kids are 15,9 and 9 months so needed a cheap and cheerfull hotel with good access to the city.Despite its very close proximity to the airport and the DLR rail link there is very little disruption to sleep from either side. We had a room facing the DLR so that may of helped damp down the airport noise but i dont htink it would have made any difference.The hotel is very clean and the staff more than helpfull. Breakfast is a buffet style, sometimes you have to wait for more food to be sent from the kitchen but most of the time there was planty for everyone for the £7.50pp charge (kids eat free) cant complain.In general i would recomend this travellodge for the price and location especially if you have no kids, it was a bit of a struggle on the DLR with the pram and kids in the late peak rush hour.	
May 28 2007 	clean and tidy	This is a good modern travelodge. The rooms were clean and the service at reception was good. Service in the bar area was very slow and the chap in front of me was having problems ordering food as nothing on the menu was in stock, but they were only minor issues.As wilth all hotels, the room, was very warm and if you open the window you hear the DLR or planes taking off till the ealry hours.	
Apr 22 2007 	Great Value	Stayed here for two weeks, using it as a base for Kings Cross, simply because it was £26/night. After staying at the Easyhotel, this was pure luxury, with a large room and good TV reception. The rooms are pretty much standard Travelodge fare, but things did seem newer and more spacious. No toiletries except for a small bar of soap, but at the price who cares. It's a fast 10 minute walk to the airport station and you get to Bank in about 25 minutes for onward connections. It takes about 1 hour minimum door-to-door for Kings Cross, but at £26 I can live with that. If you're staying a few days at a good rate the savings quickly mount up.	
Apr 16 2007 	Great value modern and stylish	Paid £26 for a room, which was a nice size, modern and comfortable. Area isn't great, at the end of a runway, but sound-proofed so not disturbed. Walking distance from City Airport DLR but easier to go to Canning Town DLR or Jubilee line station and go downstairs to the bus station, go to stand D and take the 474 - it takes 9mins and stops outside the hotel carpark.	
Mar 28 2007 	Clean and very good value	We booked a £26 family smoking room (2 adults, 1 child). On top of that add the £5 car parking charge - still very cheap for 24 hours in London - and £15 for 2 adult breakfasts. Kids eat breakfast for free which is very good. So for £46 we got a very clean and tidy room for 3 people, in Docklands, in range of Central London. No complaints at all.Room security was good - you couldn't even get to the lift without card key access. Luckily our room also looked out over where I'd parked. There was no sign of any problems, and no specific warnings were given, but it is a fairly deserted area so thieves could operate relatively easily I'd imagine.Similarly, the DLR is further away than is ideal in such a quiet area (10 mins), and there was no one around there to help or make you feel secure.Having said that, we experienced no problems.Excellent value for money, decent standard of hotel, if (naturally, considering the brand) somewhat lacking in character. Clean and tidy though.	
Mar 18 2007	Great value for money	What can you expect for £26 per night?? well the answer is, a big room, comfortable bed, great power shower and a spotlessly clean hotel. I have stayed in a few travelodges in my time, and this has to be one of the better ones. Okay the location isnt great, but when you are only paying £26, what can you expect.Even found the walk from the hotel to the DLR station was not too bad after a while.Would recommend exploring this part of London as there is a lot too see, and if you get a chance, nip off at Pontoon Dock( 1 stopup from City Airport on DLR) and have brekkie in the little restaurant overlooking the Thames Flood Barrier...a little hidden gem. We sat outside in the sun in the middle of march and enjoyed coffee and bacon rolls, it was bliss.	
Mar 4 2007	beware of car thieves	basic hotel normal quality of travelodge. we managed to get a room for £15 for one night to see the sights of london. Close to London city airport, 10 minutes walk, taxi refused to take us as said he had been waiting in the queue too long to take us down the road. We were unable to check in as room not ready, we parked in car park, there were cameras and all looked ok. We returned at 9pm and checked in. The receptionist asked me if i had left anything in my car, to which i replied no. She then told me they had 3 cars broken into that night. Very re-assuring when you are about to leave your car whilst you sleep. Awoke the next morning to see 2 further cars in the car park had been broken into. Able to leave car for £5 per day...bargain free car thieves operating. They should improve their security before i would take my car there again. Rooms ok, bar nice, vending machines, 35 mins into central london on dlr and only £6 per day for a off peak ticket incl underground. I did receive an email from travelodge about what i thought about my stay, I informed them of the break ins. They didnt bother to reply...	
Feb 15 2007	Very Good Hotel!	We booked on travelodge website and got 2 rooms for 2 nights at £26 per room per night - which for a double en-suite in London is fantastic. The hotel was very new when we stayed and looks fantastic from outside. The reception worker was slow checking us in but allowed us to check-in at 2:20 - 40 minutes early. The hotel is well located next to London City Airport - good for people who are flying... but for bargain hunters like us it was alright as their is a DLR station there and it shuts at the latest 10pm, and there are no flights until about 8am I'd guess. At the back the DLR passes very near to your window, but you can only hear this when you go to bed - tv off, the hotel is relatively quiet and you just hear a rattle every 5 mins until about 11:30PM.The DLR starts again about 6AM but it didn't wake me up. The keycards took a bit of getting used to, but were good once we had worked them out. The lifts were clean and new. The rooms were in good condition with a great bed and shower and in reasonable condition - they just needed a hoovering. The smoking rooms didn't smell of smoke at all - infact they smelt of lemon which was refreshing. I hope to grab the same deal again and come back this year.The only problems I had was the hotel was quite noisy - we had french people shouting on our floor, the kettles were noisy, and the hotel was quite a long way from central London (and even further from Euston station.) The tube was fine always, but I always found the DLR to take a long time to get to the station we were going to.	
Jan 5 2007 	SIMPLY FANTASTIC!	We acctually managed to get the £10 pre booked rate through the website and stayed for a long weekend.The hotel had to be brand new! everything was clean and working (rare for Travelodge!) A large well lit and clean bathroom with oodles of hot water available 24 hours a day!The staff were helpful and friendly, including, as we were using the vending machine in the foyer that we would get everything we wanted far cheaper in the Esso station just behind the HotelFood was good, hot and not overpriced at both breakfast and eveening mealsAlthough opposite the runway of the airport our room was silent with the double glazingDirections given by the hotel misleading though, follow these:Get off Tube/DLR at London City Airport and walk along platform using escalators to exit. at base of escalator take stairs to your left. these will bring you through a subway and out directly opposite Tate &amp; Lyle factory. Follow the footpath to your right for approx 50 yds, then follow snaking path up to road level. Follow road to your left for 100yds to traffic lights. at T junction cross over twice and head to right. at roundabout go left, then hotel is directly on your left	
Dec 28 2006 	Very good value for money	We rarely stay in the same place on our trips to London and this was yet another new one. We booked far enough in advance to get the £15 per room per night offer and although arriving at midday we managed to check in early before our visit to the fire brigade museum. The room was spacious, clean and quiet despite all the comings and goings due to the fog at the airport. Toiletries were thin on the ground but at that price and as Travelodge rightly say (on the card in the room) most people bring their own shampoo etc. anyway. A request for an extra pillow was quckly seen to. Car parking is £5 per day but don't lose your ticket as it will cost £150 to get out!!!It's a 5 minute walk to the DLR at London City Airport where there's a train every 10 minutes to Bank Station, a journey of about 25 minutes. I realise for some people an hours journey to the West End maybe far too long but at £15 per night plus £5.40 for an offpeak Zones 1-4 Rail Card it's hard to beat.	
Nov 9 2006	Excellent value!	We stayed for 4 nights in August,booking 2 family rooms at only £26 per room,per night.The hotel was clean &amp; modern,likewise the rooms.The &quot;all you can eat&quot; breakfast was good vaue as was the evening meal in the hotel bar/restaurant.All the staff were helpful &amp; friendly,particularly the guy supervising breakfast. Although the hotel is in the middle of a wasteland,we enjoyed the Thames Barrier Park,only a short walk away.Similarly,we got used to the boring 10 minute walk to the Docklands Light Railway station at London City Airport(another good place for a snack)though the DLR.itself was a real bonus:-clean,regular &amp; reliable trains,only 10mins to Canary Wharf &amp; an interesting 25min journey into central London.I agree that the hotel needs air conditioning,but in a nutshell,would I stay there again?.....yes please!	
Nov 4 2006 	Excellent - clean 		
Oct 16 2006 	Wonderful London bargain!		
Oct 8 2006 	Represents great VFM if you get the room in advance for £26		
Oct 1 2006	Thank goodness for this hotel!		
Sep 15 2006 	been 4 times this year!		
Jul 26 2006	Bargain - Stay with confidence!		
Jun 12 2006	Love this place!		
May 7 2006	Bargain of the year!		
Apr 18 2006	Great Hotel		
Jan 6 2006	Nice hotel location a bit off but nice stay all round		
Jul 28 2009 	Rapporto qualità prezzo insuperabile !		
Jul 20 2009 	London Tour		
Jul 17 2007 	Gracias a TripAdvisor hemos acertado con este hotel.		
