	Good value great location	We spent 5 days here in Oct09 and could walk to many of Central London's major attractions - Westminster, Trafalgar sq; Tate, museums and art galleries. 10 mins walk to Victoria station and 5 mins from Pimlico underground. Rooms although small were very clean with frequent changes of towels, bed linen etc. Breakfasts were ample and dining room and reception staff were friendly and helpful. Room rates were very reasonable for this area.	
Nov 17 2009 	Clean 	Room #3 is on the first floor and very clean. There is a good sized closet for clothes, but no room for our 2 large suitcases that were full (in preparation for our cruise). The shower has very hot water and is nice &amp; forceful! The room is quiet, except for occasional heavy foot steps in the room above. Breakfast includes good choices of breads/toast, cheese, meats, cold ceral, yogart, fruit, coffee or tea. The #24 Bus takes you to Victoria Station for connections to other bus lines and the Tube. Some nice, small resturants within walking distance. The current desk staff get an &quot;A&quot; for effort &amp; try to be helpful, but are not familar with the area.	
Nov 7 2009 	probably the best budget hotel on Belgrave Road	I have to stay in the Victoria area for a night or two each week for business. I tried out several hotels in the &lt; £100 a night range along Belgrave Road before eventually settling on this one. Have now stayed several times, though always in a twin, which are of decent size. Friendly staff, spotlessly clean, decent location (2 mins walk to Pimlico tube station) and breakfast included (though its not the greatest in the world). Bit of a hike to the fourth floor if you have large bags.	
Oct 5 2009 	Do NOT stay in one of the 2 "single" rooms unless it's your only option other than the street.	The &quot;single&quot; rooms are SO ridiculously tiny and even worse you can hear thru the wall like it wasn't even there. It does not have a private toilet/shower but I already knew this. It does have a sink in the room. It seems as though they took a small room and installed a temporary wall to split it in half. I could hear every move the person in the other room made including the 2 am bathroom break and the extensive 3 am phone call. Earplugs helped a little but not enough. The other rooms maybe be much better but I can only evaluate the room I had...  On the plus side it was very clean which is THE most important thing to me. Breakfast was included. Price, for London, was good (but still too high for this minuscule room) at 40.50 GBP ($65)-discounted for internet reservation and for paying cash. Location was great for access to Victoria Station. Staff were very pleasant.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good value	My wife and I spent three nights at the Melbourne House Hotel, Room 11, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We agree with other reviewers that the staff is most friendly and helpful. Breakfast was simple but adequate. The room was clean and cheery, though the next time, I would opt for a room that doesn't face the street. The location is excellent. Close to the Tube and there are some great eateries, namely Grumbles, and pubs near by.	
Sep 23 2009 	Very Clean Friendly Staff Good Value Good Location	We found our room and bathroom to be very clean. The owner/ staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. The breakfast was simple with not much variety but adequate. The location is good, safe and very close to Pimlico Tube. One downside was not being able to get the wireless connection in the room (6th floor). My husband had to go down to the lobby to get on line. Otherwise we were very pleased. We had a very good stay and will definitely return. A special thanks to the owner for his help in trying to locate a lost jacket. He went out of his way to help and made numerous calls for us.	
Sep 22 2009 	Good value for the location	If you want to spend some time in Central London and want a no frills, clean, comfortable bed and breakfast, this will be exactly what you're looking for.However, if you're looking for a &quot;hotel&quot; with the usual services, then this is not for you.Although it is advertised as a hotel, it is really a Bed and Breakfast in my opinion.You get a room (which is clean and comfortable) and you get breakfast early in the morning. You don't get a bar, room service, etc.All in all, not bad for the centre of London.	
Sep 12 2009 	Excellent hotel. Highly recommended	I stayed in london for 3 nights and this hotel was exceptional. Although small, the service is excellent. Reception staff was always helpful and very kind. And the rooms? I stayed in a double bed room with ensuite which was sparkling clean. It can clearly be seen that the rooms have been recently refurbished. The breakfast was simple yet fulfilling and the hotel was very quiet ensuring a good night sleep. The hotel is 5 minutes away walking distance from Pimlico station and 15 minutes away from Victoria station where one can also find two shopping complexes, with bars and restaurants. Along the same road of the hotel, one can find various pubs and restaurants (which we tried and were cheap but very good) as well as a grocery store.I will definitely stay in this hotel again!	
Aug 11 2009 	Excellent no frills hotel	The room was clean and there was plenty of room for two, we received two single beds as requested, tea and coffee making facilities, TV, bathroom looked new. The telephone didn't work but not a problem. Breakfast room downstairs, tea, coffee, toast, yoghurt, fruit, jam, cold meats, cheese, fine for us. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Plenty of brochures for London and the surrounding area. Great location, not too far from the sights with the number 24 bus or the Underground, Pimlico. Area was quiet with plenty of small restaurants and shops. I would stay there again.	
Aug 4 2009 	Clean friendly and a safe neighbourhood	Stayed here for 5 days. The double room is very small, but it was nice and clean. The bathroom although small was clean and the shower had great pressure (no tub). The breakfast is included and it is nice to have someone bring you a fresh pot of coffee and fresh toast and jam. Breakfast includes, cereal, toast, breakfast pastries, yogurt, juice, tea, cheese, meat and fresh fruit and hard boiled eggs. There are many great restaurants in the area. Front desk staff was very helpful and loaned us an umbrella one night. (We didn't even ask). We received a discount for paying .	
Jul 31 2009 	If you just want a bed it's ok. If you want comfort go elsewhere.	Basically, this place is not worth the money, even for a twin bed. We arrived at the hotel in the late evening to an unfriendly night clerk. There was another family with small children checking in at the same time we did, and the clerk was unwilling to help a child (who almost fell down the eight flights of stairs) with his luggage. We were told we were on the 4th floor, but since they are considered &quot;half&quot; floors it was really the 8th story. The room contained two twin beds (that closely resembled a cot) and a tiny bathroom. While the room was clean, it was completely depressing. We decided to stay there one night though we had booked it for three. The staff failed to tell us about the five day in advance cancellation policy, even though we had e-mail correspondance several times before our trip. While the owner was nice enough, the staff was simply rude. I would not recommend staying. If you want something that looks the same and acts the same, there is a hostel right next to it that you can stay in for a lot less money.	
Jul 29 2009 	Very good	Good value for money. Friendly service and clean rooms. Near Victoria Station.	
Jul 15 2009 	I would stay there again	I had a basic single room (with no toilet) for two nights. It was a pretty little room. But everything was clean. Staff was always friendly. Wireless connection was ok in the room. Breakfast (inlcuded) was ok as well. I woul recommend the hotel. The location is quite fine, but not the best because it's an &quot;hotel&quot; area...	
Jul 5 2009 	Definitely Recommended	The rooms here were quite big and the bathroom was fairly large as well. The staff was friendly and helpful. Good location: close to Victoria Station and bus stops.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great value for money	Room overlooked the main road so it was not quiet but the room and the bathroom were spotlessly clean.Good water pressure and plenty of hot water.Breakfast was unexciting but decent.Owner very helpful at reception.Very good value for money.	
May 8 2009 	Cleaner than expensive hotels	For som reason in London you have to chose between getting a clean room or an expensive room. In that sence it was just a matter of time before someone got the idea to offer cheap AND clean rooms. But Melbourne House Hotel is more than that - it is very very clean. We had two rooms, and the this hotel is among the cleanest if not the cleanest we have stayed in, including the expensive ones. No dust anywhere, and even if you look in the corners of the shower you will find no black dots. On top of that the staff is very helpfull, and put a lot of efford and pride in maintaining the good reputation they have build up. Breakfast is very nice the price considered.	
Apr 28 2009	Perfect hotel near Victoria station	Room and in-suite bathroom perfectly clean. Everything in the room seemed to be new (carpet, furniture, paint, linen...). Very good Breakfast (ham, cheese, yoghourt, toast...)The owner is very nice, very helpful. great location.	
Apr 5 2009 	The Melbourne House Hotel is a great find in the heart of London.	Fortunately for me, I read Trip Advisor reviews and found this gem of a hotel. The Melbourne House Hotel had everything I was looking for in accommodations. I stayed 6 nights and the other guests were very quiet and respectful. The hotel has recently been renovated and everything is fresh and clean. The Melbourne House Hotel is located near all London's attractions.	
Apr 4 2009 	great location 	from janet. sauchie enjoyed our stay at this small quiet and spotlessly clean hotel. the twin room on the second floor we had was more than adequate for our needs. pimlico tube station is 5 minutes away but we managed to walk to all the main attractions inccluding harrods. thanks to friendly staff who were most helpful.would go back to this hotel again.	
Feb 27 2009 	Very Central but no restaurant/bar	Very central for Victoria and Pimlico tube. Very clean but disappointed that it was not so much a hotel as a guest house. No food or drinks are available execpt for breakfast and coffee/tea in room. Also strict policy about taking in food from outside. I have rated this establishment as average mainly because I expected the full range of bar/dinning as a proper hotel and was disappointed, but apart from that if you only want bed &amp; breakfast it is perfect. Perhaps they should stop advertising themselves as a hotel to save others the same disappointment.	
Jan 18 2009 	wonderful stay	After spending hours looking through websites to find accommodations in London that could provide us with a clean room, which was very important to us for ten nights at a reasonable rate, in a good location, we finally decided to book at the Melbourne house hotel and was not disappointed.Our room was cosy and cleaned daily and we were provided with fresh towels every morning which I didn't expect. There is a hairdryer , flat screen TV and tea and coffee making facilities and a lovely bathroom with soap and shampoo provided. Continental breakfast was good which was complementary which we enjoyed served by waitresses who were very nice and friendly.I found most of the reviews on tripadviser on the Melbourne hotel to be accurate accept for the last few which we feel to be unfair and have no hesitation to recommending this hotel to other visitors.	
Dec 16 2008 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the Melbourne House Hotel a week ago to do my Christmas shopping as the Euro to the pound is great at the moment. I found the stay very nice the room was small but as I have stayed in London before in other Hotels I can honestly say that other Hotel rooms are just as small but not always as clean as this one. The room was exeptionaly clean with a nice flat screen T.V. with many chanels including Films,it had tea and coffe facilities and a brand new bathroom with a fantastic shower also not always a given in other hotels.Breakfast was o.k. enough to keep me going until lunch,I had cornflakes,ham and cheese, orange juce,toast, chocolate brioche and jogurt. The staff was very friendly and helped me with my luggage as my room was on the top floor and there is no lift but I was rewarded with the most spectacular vew to Big Ben and the Houses of Parlament. I got free Internet connection and an adapter for my phone charger was given by the very helpful receptionist. The location was brilliant only a stone trow away from all the sites and all the shopping,only a short walk to Pimlico and Victoria station. The hotel was very quiet and cosy, after a few days it felt like home. So thank you very much to all at the Melbourne House Hotel for making my stay so wonderfull and I will be back. I recommend this Hotel very highly.	
Dec 15 2008 	So-So	My wife and I travelled to London for my brother's wedding. Based on the reviews on this website we selected the Melbourne, not least because it was conveniently located near Victoria Station.Actually that was our first disappointment. It was closer to Pimlico and about 3.5-4 long city blocks from Victoria Station, though it appears closer on the map. Which means that moving our two large pieces and two smaller pieces of luggage was a bit of a trek... I should note as well that the hotel might be easy to find for natives of the city, but if you're unfamiliar with London, let it be said that Belgrave changes name 3 times before you arrive at the hotel and there are two #79s on the same physical street! Not an auspicious start.We arrived late (around 10pm) and had informed the staff that we would be arriving late. No problems there; the room was held. However, as we were checking in, a process that requires writing your passport information, the clerk behind the counter sneered, &quot;American.&quot; Yes we are. And no we're not necessarily &quot;ugly Americans&quot; or &quot;Bush Americans.&quot; A good philosophy with people is to take them one at a time; anything else is prejudice...So we get to our room, which is heated to an excess of 85*F. As my wife is fumbling with the radiator controls, I go to see the clerk again, who promptly gave me the wrong advice as to which way to turn the knob (By experimentation we found out)....Next we try to call family: unlike the prior London hotel (Hotel 51), there was a charge to dial local, even with a calling card. Calls to the front desk confirmed this.On our iPhones we find the Melbourne Hotel has a WiFi network, so I again call the front desk to find out if there is a charge and a what the password/code is. No answer despite 3 calls...You get the picture: the night clerk wasn't the best customer service rep.The room itself was clean but TINY. The bath was about 3 feet wide by 6 feet long, including the shower stall. The bed was raised to allow guests to tuck their luggage under. The closet was too small to accommodate our larger bags... I would characterize the room as efficiency, ie, good for at most two smallish guests with only one small bag each.The continental breakfast was the least generous of all the hotels (7 total for the trip) in which we stayed but palatable.Finally, a general comment about staying in London. My brother advised me (and he's been living there for 8 years) and I now agree. Don't. The value is low. You will get a far better room, better service, and better food staying in Cambridge, Brighton, or Oxford and taking the train in every day. Yes, it's an hour, but then you can read tour brochures en route, or conduct business, or just relax after heavy touring. Yes, the train adds cost, but that will still be LESS than the cost of staying in London.	
Dec 1 2008 	Bad choice wouldn't stay there again	I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend for 2 nights. The location was good (3 min walk to Pimlico tube station which is on the Victoria line) but there were a lot of negatives. For £190 for 2 nights, I feel that I could have booked a hostel for half the price that would have been way nicer.Firstly, I booked a double room on and when we arrived we were given a twin room, which we tried to change but we were told that all the rooms were booked. Secondly, the bedclothes looked as if they had seen a few decades. My sheet had 2 holes in it and there was no duvet on the bed, just a type of blanket made from cord-material.The heating system was a joke - if you switched it on the room was like a sauna in minutes, and if you left it off you'd wake up shivering during the night. Although the &quot;hotel&quot; is located on a fairly quiet street, the windows are old style sash windows and you can hear every car that passes. There are lots of other hotels on the same street so there are lots of cabs driving up and down that road in the early hours of the morning which woke me up a good few times.We didn't try out breakfast as we were unimpressed by the room so we ate breakfast out both days, even though breakfast would have been free if we ate in the hotel.On the plus side, the bathroom was very clean and had a good sized shower and instant hot water. We were given one (small) towel each for showering but there was no hand towel in the bathroom. There was no shampoo or shower gel provided either so we had to go to the shop on the corner to buy some. There was a hairdryer in the room but it wasn't very powerful. There was also a small kettle, tea bags and sachets or sugar, but no milk.There was a tv in the room with the majority of the British tv channels, which was a plus, but we could not turn the volume up to a comfortable level as the rooms were not sound-proof and the people in the room next door would be able to hear it. Similarly, in the mornings I could hear the people next door and on the floor above us walking around, using the hairdryer, turning on their shower, etc. which was irritating.All in all - it did the job if you purely wanted somewhere to sleep (and if you didnt mind being too hot or too cold and listening to traffic and other guests!). But if you were planning a relaxing weekend with a partner, it's definitely NOT the place to go!!!!	
Nov 28 2008 	Perfect place to stay	It was our first stay in London and at the Melbourne House. Jenny and I had a wonderful time on our short Holiday. Your Hotel is everything we imagined and the staff was very polite. We could not of had a better location to be able to get around London as we did. The room was nice and very clean. We felt safe and secure at this hotel. We would stay there again	
Sep 29 2008	An enjoyable stay	Excellent location, near Victoria Coach Station and easy access to the city centre via bus or underground. The cleanliness of the hotel was outstanding, room cleaned each day and a clean bath towel every day, The breakfast very adequate and choices given. The staff and owner were pleasant and helpful. Although there was no lift, luggage was carried to and from our room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good hotel	I only stayed in the hotel for two nights on my way to Italy, but I found it clean and comfortable.The staff was friendly and helpful.I will stay there again and recommend it for price and quality,No elevator though!	
Jun 16 2008 	Clean friendly staff and good location	We booked this hotel after reading many positive reviews from TripAdvisor and definitely made a wise decision! The hotel was everything other travellers promised: really clean and quiet, location was good and the staff was really friendly and helpful. Rooms were small (as they allways are in London) but clean. The bed was comfortable. Also the bathroom was spotless and the towels were changed every day. Our room was very quiet which made it a nice place to relax after long days in noisy London. Also the breakfast was good: orange juice, tea or coffee, cereals, yoghurt, toasts, jelly, cheese, tomatoes and ham. Breakfast is served at the table but you can still get everything as much as you want. It kept us going for long every day! If your flight leaves in the evening you can keep your luggage in the lobby (after checking out). The hotel is near Victoria station from where you can take the tube or bus to airport. We decided to take the National Express Coach to Heathrow which was not wise. The traffic in London is terrible!! We barely made it to Heathrow on time. The schedule says it takes about 45 minutes to Heathrow but in Saturday afternoon it took about half an hour! Next time in London we would definitely take the tube because it is usually allways on time. From Melbourne House Hotel we would recommend to take the bus when travelling around in London. For example the bus 24 leaves every 5 minutes. You just have to cross the Belgrave Road and walk maybe one minute to the bus stop. From a double-decker bus you can see where you are going and it is also quieter that the tube - and usually not so crowded either. So we definitely recommend this hotel. It is good value for the money and really clean (which is important to us). We loved the city and would stay again in Melbourne House Hotel.	
May 31 2008	Great hotel great location great prices	I stayed here for two nights in May 2008. I booked the basic single room as it was a real bargain at £42 per night including breakfast. The room as basic but extremely clean as was the whole hotel. The bed was really comfy and there was a new flat screen TV. There is a small sink in the room. Breakfast was good enough - either cereal and toast or cold meats and cheese (aka continental breakfast). Tea/coffee and orange juice too. Again, the dining room was really clean as it the whole hotel. The downsides were that the shared bathroom was actually 4 floors up not the next floor up as advertised on the hotel's website. It's a bit of a treck in the middle of the night when you need to loo!! Also the walls between that room and the adjoining room are pretty thin and you can hear pretty much everything the person next door is doing. I think this is due to the way the two single basic rooms have been set up and there may not be problems with noise in the other rooms. But what more can you ask for when it's such a bargain price to be staying in the middle of Kensington only 20 mins walk from Buckingham Palace? Really close to Victoria station and Pimlico station which is great for travelling around. There are a few pubs and restaurants nearbyI would really reccommend this hotel.	
May 26 2008 	Good price location	Knowing how expensive London lodging can be, I was looking for just 2 characteristics of my London hotel -- affordable and a good, safe, quite location. Melbourne house delivered on both counts for my 5-night stay in early May, 2008. Just 1/2 mile or so from Buckingham palace, and a 10 minute walk to a Tube station, this hotel was quite convenient. I was also very impressed with how quiet it was, even though we were on the bottom floor, near the breakfast room. Check in and check out was handled well. I never felt unsafe, even when returning late at night off the tube.Breakfast was also included in the price, but after our first day's experience with it, we only came back one other time for more. Maybe it was just because couldn't understand the waitstaff's accents, but none of the offerings impressed us much.	
May 14 2008 	Good location	The room was small but very clean, as was the en-suite. The shower was fantastic. There was a nice little balcony that we could sit out and look onto the street in the evenings (there was a heatwave when we were there). However, our little table on the balcony disappeared on our first night here so we didn't get to sit outside. This wasn't really a problem though as there was so much else to do, and the location of the hotel was great- right beside the underground and easy to get around anywhere we wanted. The breakfast wasn't up to much, but continental breakfast's never really are (in my opinion) but it was well advertised beforehand that this was the only breakfast choice available and so we didn't mind. All in all, it was a decent enough hotel in a good location and for a reasonable price.	
May 1 2008 	Basic hotel with good room price for London	I stayed at the Melbourne House hotel in order to be in Pimlico to socialize with friends. Hotel check-in was fast and friendly. As other reviewers have stated, most rooms are accessed via stairs. There is no lift. The bedroom was clean and basic with plenty of space. There was a small flat screen TV with about 60 TV and radio channels. Towels and soap were provided, and the bathroom was very clean and contained a large shower. Tea and coffee (instant) facilities were on a tray in the room.The hotel is very close to Pimlico underground station, Victoria underground station, and Victoria coach/bus station. There are plenty of restaurants and pubs within walking distance.All in all, a good value hotel that is clean and well run in a nice central part of London. What more do you need.	
Apr 21 2008 	Hotel Quality	Stayed here for 4 nights in April. The location is excellent and the quality of the rooms also top notch. The place is deservedly high up on the rankings - my reason for booking it. Staff are v.service minded and with hotel quality beds and quite surroundings you are guaranteed a comfortable stay. Fully recommend it.	
Mar 26 2008	excellent hotel	melb house was worth the extra bit of money... we had a nice room up stairs.. ( no lift but it kept us fit!!!) it was VERY quiet and restful.. perfect after the noise of london... The room was nicely furnished.. seemed recently renovated... it was very clean and fresh and was serviced each day.. fresh towels etc.. the bathroom was small but really clean and brand new... good shower.... had tv and coffee/tea facilities... all excellent... I researched heaps of hotels prior to booking this one and although we spent a bit more on this one than we would have liked ... it was well worth it to have a nice place to rest weary travelled bones....MY ONLY little thing would be their &quot;english&quot; breakfast advertised.... I was expecting cooked eggs baked beans etc but our choice was cereal and toast (very good by the way) or cold cheese tomato ham..... both fine meals but not really a &quot;full english breakfast&quot; staff were nice.... its in a good spot... victoria has lots of eating etc and is a five min walk away.... the 24 bus is an excellent ride through london and can be caught just across the road... its a 24 hr service too so no worries if late home.... tube close too..... I highly recommend this hotel to those wanting a bit more than a bed..... :)	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent hotel	The Melbourne House hotel is located in a calm place; nearby the center, bus and tube are on the doorstep, ideal for visiting the City.The hotel is extremely clean.Little disadvantage: no shower and toilets in single rooms.The owners and the staff are very friendly, a good breakfast is served. Finally, the prices are interesting for this privileged location in London and the quality of services.Close: Highly recommended !!	
Mar 23 2008 	Good Choice	Date: March 17, 2008Reviewer: An International student, London UKI have lived in 3 different hotels (2-3 stars) and I I'm quite satisfied with Melbourne House Hotel. It's the cleanest one and its location brings me a lot of convenience. The price is in reason.	
Mar 5 2008 	Clean 	The Melbourne House Hotel is anonymously set amongst dozens of other hotels in a long Victorian terrace. It is 15 minutes walk from both Victoria train &amp; coach stations &amp; convenient for local shops. We found our room to be very clean with a small flat screen TV attached to the wall. The bathroom was spotless with a modern shower. The staff were very friendly &amp; polite even offering to lend us an umbrella when we went out in the rain. Breakfast was a bit of a strange &amp; unimaginative offering consisting of 2 slices of processed ham &amp; a slice of processed cheese with a cherry tomato. There were also cereals. However this was hardly a big issue &amp; did not distract from an otherwise pleasant stay.	
Mar 2 2008	Me gusto mucho (GONZALEZ)	Hello I am González, not if you will remember. In this hotel the treatment is very warm and are very amiable people. This to 10 minutes walking to Station Victory, is a very calm and very pretty zone. The rooms are very cosy, but what but it calls the attention is the people of the hotel who are very amiable and kind. I ahead hope but to return to this hotel because it has enchanted to me.	
Jan 22 2008 	clean and simple	This hotel was very conveniently located near Victoria and Pimlico stations. The rooms were simple and clean which was what we had expected.The beds were comfortable and the breakfast was fine. All in all it was good value for the money.	
Jan 5 2008	Clean simple hotel in great location	Clean, simple hotel in a great location. It's a short walk to either Victoria or Pimlico station. Pimlico is an easy ride from St. Pancras where our Eurostar train arrived. Lots of good restaurants in easy walking distance from the hotel-we had delicious Indian at Paradise Indian and good Italian at Sole Mio in the neighborhood. We also used the Original Tour very easily with Victoria station as our base. Breakfast was simple-toast, cereal, yogurt, ham and cheese.Do take note of previous reviews in terms of the stairs. I also did not see anything on their website, and for my mother-in-law it was a bit of a challenge.	
Jan 2 2008 	Prepare your legs	Great location, very close to Victoria Station, in a calm area. Good and clean room, bathroom ok, friendly staff. But there's no elevator. I stayed at the 4th floor, and is not confortable arrive after an international flght from South America and carry two bags upstairs, in a total of 95 steps! The stairs are steep and narrow. Breakfast is served in the underground. So, after breakfast, only for wash my teeth I should climb 5 floors!!! I didn't see (if there's one) a notice about it when I made my reservation. So people with heart disease, older citizens or with problems in the legs (not only disable people) should avoid this hotel. Breakfast is pretty basic. Overall, price is very high if we compare with hotels in US. Well, it's London.	
Dec 22 2007 	A lovely stay!	We recently stayed at Melbourne House Hotel for 2 nights in December. We had a wonderful time, rooms and bathrooms were immaculate. The showers were absolutely deightful and very modern, with fresh towels and an abundance of hot water provided each day. The area was perfect, neither too busy or noisy but also very safe and accesible in terms of tube and also walking to attractions etc. The owner was particularly friendly and extremely helpful, overall a very enjoyable stay. Will definitely go again!	
Nov 23 2007 	Enjoyable Stay at Melbourne House	Enjoyed our stay for we felt quite welcome. No frills but spotlessly clean. Ideal for the tube at Pimlico ( 4 minute walk).Staff were very friendly and helpful. We would definitely return here. Considering it's location, it was very good value. We had lunch at Grumbles, nearby, and can recommend this too.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great location	We need a place to stay as a stopover before heading to the States. We found the hotel perfect for our requirements. It was close to the hub of London and Victoria station.It is a very English part of London if that makes sense. The rooms were not the biggest, but were clean and practical with a great Plasma 17 inch TV at the foot of the bed.If you are looking for luxury you are in the wrong place. If youare looking for an affordable hotel in a great location this is perfect.The stairs are one major draw back if you are not the fittest.We will be back	
Oct 16 2007	Great Hotel	We stayed for 5 nights and found this to be an excellent experience.The staff were very friendly and helpful.The room was spotless.Breakfast was good.We highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 21 2007 	Close to London	The Melbourne House Hotel in Pimlico was great value for money and within easy reach of London. You can walk (20-30 minutes) to Buckingham Palce and it is just a 10 minute walk to Victoria Station or Pimlico Station.The rooms are not large but very functional and well equiped. The breakfast is served promptly and the only comment we would make is that choice is limited so do not expect full on breakfast. You get juice / ceral / boiled eggs/ tea or coffee and toast which we found more than adequate.Rooms are exceptionally clean and comfortable and the ensuite was very functional. The showers had plenty of pressure and always kept clean.We stayed for 4 nights and and would definetly stay in this hotel again when we go to London as it is so easy to get to anywhere easily from this location.Reception were very friendly and our stay was at the start of month holiday in the UK so the benchmark for hotels and B and B's was set at a high level for us as this was a great place to stay in London.	
Sep 17 2007 	Clean 	My husband and I stayed at the Melborne House Hotel in May 2007 and found it to be very clean and John &amp; his wife were very friendly &amp; accommodating. The hotel had been recommended to us by three different work mates and we see why. The rooms are very clean and the staff is nice. The bathroom in our room had just been remodeled and was beautiful. We plan to stay here again on our next trip to London. The local bus service was great and the near by Italian restaurant warm and inviting.	
Sep 8 2007 	Would recommend!!!!	My mother and I had to book a one night trip at quite short notice. I found this hotel via the web and it was exactly as it said! Very recently refurbished (EVERYWHERE!) very very clean, tidy and 5 mins from the tube.they only had a doulbe room available when booking, but on arrival we were given a twin. The staff were very helpful and I would throughly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 25 2007 	we would stay there again	We stayed into Melbourne House Hotel for 4 night(2 adults and 3 children). This hotel has a good location, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the staff are very nice. The breakfast is simple but we tasted the best coffee in London there. Only it doesn't has any lift to take up your luggage.	
Jun 21 2007 	thumbs up for Melbourne House	My sister and I just returned from a week long trip in London. 4 nights were spent at the Melbourne House. It was probably one of the cleanest rooms i've ever stayed in. Not a hair to be found in the bathroom. Our room was on the 4th floor facing the street. If you don't do well with street noise request a rear facing room. Breakfastwas the same every day which got slightly boring but was fine for ourneeds. We had 3 wake up calls while there. Our first one didn't come,but the 2nd two were fine. I think it was a flukey thing. The guy that owns it was very nice. Only one towel per person which was fine,just different from American hotels. No washcloths provided. Don't know if that's a normal England thing though. The shower was great. We couldn't find a phone number online for them to save our life. The owner had said that he's working on getting his website accessable to a google search. Location was very convenient to both Pimlico and Victoria. Nothing negative to stay other than no lift which was a drag at the end of a long day of sightseeing and at trying to get your luggage up 4 flights of stairs after travelling solong to get there.	
May 27 2007 	Always happy to return.	I have stayed at Melbourne House Hotel a number of times since my first visit in January of 1996. I am always thoroughly pleased with the place. I stayed there for four nights in April of 2007. Now it is better than ever before. The refurbishment was a great success. The new custom-made beds (comfortable) and wardrobe units (spacious) are excellent. Rooms (which are a decent size) are simple but spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Bathrooms are modern - showers in particular are fantastic. The new flat-panel Sony televisions are a nice upscale touch. The hotel's location is terrific. Both Victoria and Pimlico Underground stations are close by (Pimlico is slightly closer). For those who enjoy a good walk it is possible to reach both Harrods/Knightsbridge and (in the other direction) Westminster Abbey/Houses of Parliament in twenty-to-thirty minutes. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Around the corner on Tachbrook Street there are a couple of convenience stores as well as a dry cleaner. I have stayed in both of the basic singles as well as in the doubles and twins with en-suite facilities and I think that all of them represent great value in central London.	
May 12 2007 	very clean!	We stayed at the Melbourne House Hotel for 3 nights, at the end of April-beginning of May. The hotel is in a very good position, 6-10 minutes from Victoria station on foot and there are a bus stop and a tube station close to it. However you can reach Hyde Park, Buckingham Palace and other monuments in 20 minutes walking. The people at the reception were nice and ready to help and suggest place where to eat (there is a good Indian restaurant close to the hotel) The room was very clean, very small but with everything we needed. It was en-suit, the shower very big and everything was new. There were only two towels for two people, but they were changed every day. The hotel has a few rooms in 5 floors and there is no a lift. We did not have breakfast as in those day the breakfast room was not available (they are doing some works to remakesome parts in the hotel). Anyway they gave us some money back for breakfast and suggested us some place where to have it. The experience was good, We think we will book again this hotel the next time we will be in London (for my experience it is difficult to find something better in London at that price, expecially for the cleaness).	
Nov 7 2006 	great	it was sooooooo great i stayed with my family for a week and it was superb everything was sooooooo nice. it was sooooooo clean and th staff were great and it also included hot breakfast.The oner even said he was goin to do i up OMG WOW	
Oct 28 2006 	Home away from home	It was our 1st time in London and we stayed at this hotel for 1 week for a site-seeing trip. The staff were very friendly and helped us with all our queries of where to go and how to get there. I didn't feel like a foreigner but like i was back at home in Australia!Near the end of our trip, my wallet was stolen on a shopping trip and i had no cash or credit cards! :( I'm very grateful for all the help from John and his wife! they helped me find the best way to get money sent from home and even lent me some cash! Thanks again for all the help! :)	
Oct 21 2006 	Would Recommend To All	This is a great wee hotel! This was my first stop in a tour round Europe, I stayed here for two nights in one of the single rooms with shared bathroom. I stayed in a lot of hotels on my trip and this was one of my favourites. The owner was SO friendly and welcoming, really made my stay a pleasure. The room is small, but perfectly clean and tidy. The shared bathroom was modern, spacious and immaculately clean. Breakfast was lovely and freshly prepared. I would highly recommend this hotel if you're looking for somewhere to stay in London!	
Aug 23 2006 	STOLEN; nearly perfect until then	i knew it was going to be simple and clean, and the fact that my room was smaller than any walk-in closet was not a problem. the location was superb and the owner was quite hospitable, at first. i was traveling from nyc for personal reasons with a bit of business included. as a result, i bring my local mobile as well as my US mobile, while using the local mobile as the primary. i left the US mobile in my suitcase pocket (in my room) since it was not needed on my second night in london. the phone was gone when i returned to my room later that night. a safe was not an option and i realize i should not have left it in the room. but it was the treatment during the aftermath received when i brought this to the attention of John, the manager. besides complete apathy, he seemed to side with his staff, claiming that nothing had ever been stolen in his motel. i was not looking for reimbursement for my $250 mobile phone, but best business practices in the hospitality industry and slight concern at the very least! his wife was ABSURDLY rude and made me feel responsible for the loss and guilty for reporting it. I WAS IN A STATE OF DISBELIEF. this was not an inconvenience until i returned home and had to replace the phone. I WOULD NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL - they are completey indignant to their guests - or, to those that actaully make it possible to have a staff.	
Jul 15 2006	Nice Hotel	The Melbourne House is a nice hotel situated in a charming neighborhood near Pimlico station &amp; not too far from Victoria station. John &amp; his wife were very friendly &amp; accommodating. My daughter loved the breakfast. You have a choice of cereal or eggs prepared fresh, croissants &amp; toast. The rooms vary in size from the typical London size hotel room to a room with plenty of space (not typical in London) &amp; the bathrooms were about as spacious as you will get in London with a decent size shower. They even have a shared bathroom on the third floor with a bathtub should you have a small child who does not take showers. I had recalled that it is not typical for a European hotel to provide shampoo, but I had not remembered that they do not provide wash cloths (our Paris hotel did not provide them either) So you may want to pack one if it is important to you. The hotel was clean &amp; we enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 21 2006	The perfect hotel for sightseers!	Good location, 24h bus to the door, nice and clean (but small) rooms, very frendly staff.The breakfast was a little scarce, but frech and tasty.A PERFECT hotel for sightseeing.	
Jun 14 2006	Very good Hotel!	I stayed into the Melbourne House Hotel for 4 nights. It has an excellent position into the centre of London. The hotel is very good, above all for the cleanliness of the rooms and friendliness of the staff!! The bathroom is also OK and clean, with a big shower cabin!!The breakfast ( continental and english ) is excellent.	
Apr 27 2006	Affordable AND a great location	I stayed at this hotel last summer at the end of my trip through Europe. I needed something extremely affordable but nice and this hotel was the perfect fit. The room was small and basic but clean. The hotel does not have an elevator so be prepared to carry your luggage up the narrow staircase. And there wasn’t any air conditioning. On the plus side, the hotel staff was very nice and accommodating and the location is fantastic! There is a laundromat, coffee shop, internet café, and pub all located near the tub stop which is a very short walk from the hotel. But the hotel is not in the middle of London’s nightlife if that is what you are looking for. Hopefully I will have more a budget to work with next time I am in London but for my last visit this hotel was perfect - inexpensive, quiet, with an unbelievably convenient location!	
Aug 2 2005	Great Location	We really enjoyed our stay at Melbourne House Hotel. We were originally booked for Central House Hotel (1 block North) but they had some renovations under way and had booked us at the Melbourne Hotel. When we got there we did not have a playpen as booked with the Central House for our baby, we phoned down to the office and had our play pen delivered to us within 10minutes without question (they didn't have one at Melbourne but went to Central House to pick it up for us).The breakfast was simple but a great start to the day. The room was quite small but we expected that. Was a short walk to Victoria Station with many restaurants and pubs nearby.The next time we are in London we would definately look to stay at the Melbourne House Hotel again.	
Jul 13 2005	Website states all rooms en-suite. This is false information.	I chose this hotel through its website on the internet. I wanted an en-suite bedroom.Their website states that all their bedrooms are en-suite. On this basis, I made my reservation last April.When I arrived at the hotel on 8th July 2005, I was given a room with wash-basin and no en-suite. I showed a printout of their website (which states that all rooms are en-suite) to the receptionist, who spoke very little English. He said that he would pass on my complaint to the proprietor. I did not see the proprietor until I was leaving on the 1oth July. He looked at the printout of their website and told me that he had never seen their website before and was unaware that it states that all their rooms are en-suite. He refused to give me a reduction on my hotel bill. I told him that I would be reporting him to The Advertising Standards Authority for false advertising.	
Dec 8 2004	Excellent Quality/Price ratio		
Oct 8 2004	Very good deal for the money		
Jun 30 2004	Nice place to stay		
Oct 21 2009 	molto bene...		
Oct 20 2009 	malisimo pension pesima		
Oct 13 2009 	Correcto para nosotros		
Oct 5 2009 	Hotel perfetto		
Sep 30 2009 	Una piccola perla a Londra		
Sep 24 2009 	essenziale e pulito		
Jul 25 2009 	Spontaner Glücksgriff!		
Jul 18 2009 	piacevole vacanza al melbourne hotel		
Jul 15 2009 	Ottimo albergo		
Jul 10 2009 	Lo consiglio vivamente		
Jun 23 2009 	Ihr reist allein+habt ein kleines Budget?Dann nehmt DAS Hotel!Sauberzentral (Victoria)höflichca.50€ Single-Basic-room		
Jun 16 2009 	molto buono		
May 24 2009 	3 jours à Londres		
Apr 12 2009 	Hotel muy recomendable.		
Mar 19 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix pour Londres		
Feb 23 2009 	Pulitissimo e tutto nuovo		
Feb 6 2009 	ottima posizione		
Feb 6 2009 	Hotel pulito economico e centrale		
Jan 4 2009 	Lo consiglierei!!		
Dec 14 2008 	Recomiendo este hotel		
Oct 25 2008 	Ci torneremo di sicuro		
Sep 28 2008 	Per-fec-to!!!		
Sep 14 2008 	Excelente relación calidad-precio. todo sencillo pero perfecto		
Aug 28 2008 	Piccolo pulito un po' decentrato		
Aug 26 2008 	Bien situado muy limpio y acogedor		
Jan 24 2008 	Un très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Sep 20 2007 	Wonderful! Ottimo!		
May 3 2007	hôtel très charmant avec accueil irréprochable		
Nov 2 2006 	me encantó		
