Jul 28 2009 	Worst hotel ever	Beleive what you read in the most reviews, we didn't and regretted it. Our two rooms probably were once one room. They just putted a wooden wall in the middle. We actually could talk with our son on the other side. Twin beds were not put side by side, but head by foot. Take your prozac with you if you want to survive.	
Jul 20 2009 	worst ever!	Coming from the states for the last three years we had a wonderful run of hotels, until the Garth. We figured, Gower Street, must be good. Wrong. First the manager wouldn't even come out of the basement, it was dingy, dirty, mildew and cracked tiles in the bathroom, paint peeling from the ceiling. We complained about the dirty floor and he blamed it on a new maid. We asked for ice and were told they didn't have any, ever. At breakfast, no yogurt, no fruit, no wheat toast. A sad depressing place. I would not have been so bad if they weren't charging premium prices! I would not send my worst enemy to this place. Avoid it like the plague, in fact you might actually get the plague if you go here.	
Jul 3 2009 	Poor	Sheets were clean, BUT..... noisey guest at 3am, plugs attached with cellotape, tiles cracked in bathroom, mould and dirt in shower, shower head holder broken.	
Jun 8 2009 	flea pit	Horrible hotel, dirty, cramped, smelly. We left and slept on my brothers floor instead. Yuck!	
May 5 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in	The hotel is situated on Gower Street and from the outside looks no different from the other hotels in the street. However once we got inside things started to go down hill. There was a horrible smell of cooked food in the hall which looked tired and in need to redecoration. The man on reception was pleasant enough but we started to get concerned when he asked us for full payment for our stay on the next day. When we went to the room it was dingy and dirty with a mattress cover which had seen better days. The sheets and towels were at least clean but you should expect that in any hotel you stay in. The shower was hot but produced only a dribble of water. All in all it was a dirty and depressing room and being right on the main road meant that unless you had ear plugs you would get very little sleep at all.I have stayed in many hotels all around the world and without this was the worst on every level. There were many foreign tourists staying their and as an Englishman I felt ashamed that this level of shoddy service was on offer in my capital city.	
Mar 29 2009 	HideousAwfulMouldyDreadfulDeath Row prisoners have it cleaner	I was booked in to this place by another member of staff. There are no testimonials on their website. There is a reason for this and if you take a look at the uploaded photos you will see why. This place should be closed down. It is the most unpleasant place I have ever set foot in. Someone elses soap still in the shower. Peeling wallpaper, mouldy pipes (I'm asthmatic - I kept as far away from them as possible) - see photos,broken furniture and floor. I was brushing my teeth when my foot unexpectedly moved downwards. So I rolled back the carpet. It was not fixed down. Have a look at the photo for the result.I was stupid enough to have a look at the matress - see photo. Needless to say I slept on top of the covers and wrapped my coat around the pillow.For God's sake go and sleep with the derelicts in Regents Park. It's got to be cleaner than this place. I shall also be sending my photos to Camden Coucil.	
Feb 2 2009 	Gastly 	As per Rachel25's review, I would not recommend this hotel to ANYONE!We recently stayed at the Garth, as it turns out, thankfully for one night only. Our double-bedded room had just enough room for a Grotty shower, Grotty chair, Grotty shelf and Grotty TV!The carpet was peeling away from your feet when you walked and was also threadbare in many places. The floorboards were in a very poor state of repair on a par with the shower cubicle in the room. The curtains were hanging off the curtain pole. The shelf 18 inches above our head in bed was held on by two very loose screws and upon this was a blue lamp that was shattered at the base.In fact it was that dirty in the room you could not walk on the floor unless you kept your shoes or socks on.Although Breakfast was okay, if somewhat basic, we had to clear our own table, becuase this and the mojority of the other tables had not been cleared form previous occupants. After waiting for nearly 15 minutes, we were forced to go in to the actual kitchen to order our breakfast! After this, we were approached by a man whom we thought was a guest in his pyjama's but was actual one of the hotel staff asking us for our breakfast order!Overall a Ghastly, Grotty and Grimey experience,. For your own sakes do not stay at the Garth hotel, 69 Gower St at any cost, the local subways were more inviting!	
Jan 7 2009 	UGH	Another one I got from eurocheapo. Same area as Arran House. Room was so narrow, that the beds were put head to head (not joking). I felt like I was in a closet. Also very dated. I can't remember the breakfast so it must have been at least decent. For the money, go to Arran House.	
Jul 13 2008	Basic but clean	The Garth Hotel is in a lovely part of London, in Bloomsbury, very close to the British Museum. The building is very old (200 yrs.) with many flights of stairs and no elevator. The rooms had sinks and showers, but no toilets, and some were very small. However, even with these drawbacks, everything was very clean, and the staff was friendly. Breakfast was ample and tasty. It's great for travellers on a budget, who don't mind walking down the hall to use the w.c.	
May 15 2008 	Absolutely Terrible	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone it is totally misleading to even classify itself as a hotel. It is more like a 'falling down' hostel charging hotel prices. If I could have found somewhere else I would have done so. My first room supposedly single with shower, had a bed that needing replacing, headboard had fallen off it, mattress so dreadful I could not sleep on it. As for the shower - the shower doors were falling off and there was a left over piece of soap (from a previous guest I presume) stuck in the corner of it. It was not in a separte room, just stuck at the bottome of the room. It was so small a room you could barely move. The second night I was in a double room - could just about fit a bed in though you couldn't open the door fully because of the bed. When I got back, there had been a leak and water was coming through the ceiling onto the bed and the bed was soaked. I was transfered to another rooom with four beds in it so I at least had the choice of finding a mattress that was sleepable on.	
Mar 17 2008 	Never again!	We stayed in the triple room for one night - was enough! Bedroom furniture the cheapest you can imagine and almost falling apart, don't look down the side of the bed in the corners - was worried about what was lurking in the dust and dirt. Beds very uncomfortable and the 'bathroom' - well, you struggled to turn around in it and the sink was the tiny sort that you would put in a cloakroom. At the price paid wasn't expecting The Ritz, but it was very 'sad' and decrepit, there's no need for it at any price, you do expect certain standards. Staff not overly helpful or enthusiastic, although they did let us leave our luggage there on our last day. The only plus was that the bed linen and towels were very clean - didn't like the woollen blankets though, they had seen better days.Overall, it was very disappointing and I wouldn't recommend it. We only ended up there because we couldn't get into the Covent Garden Travelodge, which was the same price but with no breakfast (the breakfast at Garth wasn't one I'd mind sacrificing!). Travelodge etc, much better value, although basic, you know what you are getting.	
Nov 23 2007 	have stayed at much much better have stayed at worse	Positives:1. Price2. Location3. Near subway stop4. Group of girls traveling alone felt save5. They let us store our bags here the day after we checked out6. Tasty breakfastNegatives:1. I think our room was a converted broom closet. The door would not open entirely because the bed was in the way. Oh well, it was a room.2. Not very clean.	
May 4 2009 	El Hotel más sucio en el que he estado jamás		
Aug 5 2008 	BEAUCOUP DE BRUIT ET CHALEUR HORRIBLE		
Mar 28 2008 	Está bien...		
Feb 9 2008 	para lo que hay en Londresno está nada mal		
Nov 20 2007 	B		
