Aug 19 2009 	Very disappointed - lack of customer service	On arrival at the Premier Inn, Edgware the staff could not find my reservation. After checking their system thoroughly I was informed that the required fax from their booking agent 'Booking.com' had not been received. I was told that as the hotel was full I had no room. Premier Inn firmly laid the blame with Booking.com having not sent the required fax but let on that this was not the first time it had happened recently. I questioned whether they may have perhaps lost the fax? 'No way' they replied. Premier Inn were not prepared to rectify the problem on behalf of their booking agent. After persisting I was offered a disabled room at the Premier Inn, Harrow but was ordered to pay an ADDITIONAL £17 for this inconvenience. Having no choice other than this, and having wasted over an hour by now I accepted, however on arrival at the room at Premier Inn Harrow we found that the room was located next to a busy railway line. Rather than offer good customer service Premier Inn staff wanted to made £17 on an unoccupied room!!! Gobsmacked we walked away paying nothing. Ended up having to drive home and abandon the 'mini' break.	
Aug 3 2009 	Brilliant!	Stayed twice now, very convinient for central london, (only 40 min tube ride away) with FREE on-site parking, and and only 10 mins slow walk away from Edgware tube station! Excellent service, great rooms, and brilliant Breakfast. I was most impressed with the staff. We arrived in Edgware at around 10.00am. we got there and were hoping to leave our bags, as it was way to early to check in, as that was not untill 3.00pm! We reported to reception, explained we were going to the London 2012 party in the Mall. The receptionist then went off, and pleasantly told us that she would get someone to clean the room, so we could check in, and not have to come back from central London! This i found to be exeptional from the staff! Thanks for a great stay	
Jul 12 2009 	Great staff - shall stay again.	Used to only prefer top rated hotels like hilton, radisson or thistle ...was very pleasantly surprised by this one. Booked lasminute and was driving. Parking was free, the room was big, bathroom was nicely kept, but the staff made all the difference for me - they were very friendly, helpful, nice manners as one would find in a top hotel. Will stay again. Thanks guys	
Jun 22 2009 	Very clean large comfortable rooms with helpful staff	Very clean, large comfortable rooms, with good facilities. Helpful, friendly staff. Good continental breakfast with very good choice - porridge recommended. Only problems fixed shower head and awkard to get out off bath/shower.	
Apr 20 2009 	humiliated by hotel staff	We had continental breakfast for £5.25 per person because we don't eat fatty food and didn't buy premier breakfast with sausage and bacon. when we paid for our breakfast, a member of staff gave us suspicious look and asked &quot; are you sure you didn't have premier breakfast?&quot; It was the worst humiliation we had ever had and the staff looked down on us for buying only continental breakfast. We paid £225 for 3 nights and were humiliated by a staff for the sake of £2 more breakfast.	
Feb 8 2009 	Have spent 40 nights here over the last 3 months	Standard Premier Inn, you know what you get for your money, which ever one you stay in across the UK.Rooms large, no complaints, food ok.I dont understand othere peoples gripes about cost, I consider prices reasonable for a London hotel.	
Jul 8 2008 	Standard hotel....	We stayed here for 4 days and picked it due to the fact it was on the underground but had ample free parking. The hotel was easy to find- straight off the M1. It is a 10 minute walk to the underground- Northern Line, Edgware. And a 10 minute bus ride to Collingdale underground. We got a pass for the bus and underground, so we got the bus sometimes- just because we were lazy!- as the stop was right outside the hotel. Bus number 303, 142 to Collingdale underground on the Northern line. The hotel is well lit and accross the road from numerous shops, takeaways etc. we opted for the breakfast at 7 pounds a night- very good, full cooked with vege option and plenty of cereals, juices etc... worth the money. The room was large with clean linen and carpets. tv and phone, good bathroom with towels and shampoos etc. The only problem we had was, it was FAR to hot in the room- no air con, and you couldn't open the window. It was hard to get a good nights sleep because of the heat which left us abit tired in the morning....we complained to the desk who gave us a fan- it didnt work....I can handle the heat but this was unbearable- for this reason we wouldn't stay here again. Shame really as everything elso was good.cost us 70 pounds night with breakfast for the room.	
Apr 25 2008 	Nearly full marks.	Never stayed in a Premier before, so unsure of what to expect. I was not disappointed though. Excellent staff who seemed genuine and extremely helpful. The room was average size for a chain hotel but the bed was huge and really comfortable. Bathroom nice and clean and everything worked. Brilliantly powerful shower! Last time I was in London on business I stayed in a Jurys but this room was much better and quieter. Having free and secure parking was also a bonus.I ate in the bar and this was where I deducted marks. I ordered a typical burger type bar meal, which was delicious by the way, and was offered &quot;any sauces to go with that&quot; I said yes to two that were offrered. Foolishly I expected these to be either free, as in any burger chain, or for a minimal charge. I was charged £ 3.50! This increased the price of a bar meal at around £10.00 by 35%! Bad practice, I think. What a shame because otherwise I would have given the hotel top marks for a budget stay in London. Breakfast was fine with plenty of choice and hot food cooked to order.Checkout smooth and quick.	
Mar 5 2008 	Inexpensive Hotel For Londom	My wife and I stayed there for 2 nights, and thought it was a lovely hotel, with ample free parking.We found the room large well ventilated, and with good heating when things got a little cold. The room was kept lovely and clean, and had no complaints about any aspect of it!We ate in the hotel restaurant, and found the food and menu to be quite extensive for such a hotel, the bar attached to the restaurant was nice, it had flat screen tv's that showed sports on the channel - well pleased with that, though the wide was not!I found the staff accommodating and very helpful, they went that extra mile to help you with anything that you needed. Not that we needed much in regards to any problems as there was none.All in all a very pleasing and satisfying stay, that was very reasonable for London!	
Jul 30 2007	Great Value	great location, car park was secure, room was clean,spacious and light. Bathroom was modern, clean and light	
Jul 24 2007 	Brilliant location just outside of london	Stayed her ehwile attending a wedding and the place was such a bargain especially if you book inadvance you get 2 nights for the price of one and you also get a sofa bed in some rooms we could fit 3 comfortably.the station is about a ten min walk and there are cafes everywhere for cheap breakfast.One evening we came across an italian called vega on the right of the hotel 5 min walk away which was really nice with good staff and brill food ended up sitting around till midnight as it was really cosy worth going to.But the hotel is great for short stays.	
May 14 2007 	amazin staff!!!!!	i only live literally 2 mins away from the hotel but my friend was comin for her birthday and dnt have enough room in my house arrivin at the hotel the staff are very friendly warm and welcomin rooms are great all you can ask for in a hotel room very clean great facilities! my friend got woken up in the middle of the night (very very light sleeper) by a door slammin or somethin thought nothin of it in the mornin we were asked if we had a pleasant stay she mentioned the bang and we got every last peny bk for the stay and the food! (good night gauranteed policy) how ever the food is not great i deff recomend that you eat out there is plenty restaurants round the corner chinese italian cafes burger bars mc donalds burger kind kfc and many more and the transport in the area is great local tube station to take you into central london bout 45 mins and great buses to wherever you want to go wud deff recomend this hotel for all ages and keep the gd night gauranteed policy in mind!!	
Mar 7 2007	Only Hotel in Edgware I believe!	2 min walk from the VIP lounge, so ideal for wedding guests.When we were here it was really hot and the hotel turned into a sauna, especially the corridors.Rooms were fine, not bad. Has a nice bar and dining area infact.Breakfast as mentioned was expensive but their is a cafe across the road.The only hotel in edgware and it is expensive. So if you don't find anything else your stuck. Some nice restaurants in the area so you may choose to eat out instead. Edgware Stn only 5-7min walk away as is the Bus Stn.	
Nov 30 2006 	Cheap(ish) cheerfull but rubbish pub/restaurant	I Stayed here for one night as it was convenient for attending an interview.Room was very clean and comfortable and everything you'd expect of a Premier Travel Inn. Only gripes were the bed which wasn't the best as it it was two singles pushed together and the shower which seemed very hard to set to the correct temperature. It was also quite loud at times.The hotel has a small pub/restaurant on site which can get quite crowded especially near the bar. Service both for food and drinks was very slow and unimpressive, though the bar food was good.Edgware station is about 10-15 minute walk away but at £67 a night, it's not exactly cheap as chips.	
Aug 24 2006 	My visit	I stayed a night here in August 2006. It was generally very good. Hotel was easy to find, and close to the tube station. The foodwas ok, but i though breakfast at £7.50 was rather overpriced.The only problem was noise. The walls must be very thin because I could hear my neighbours in the toilet unfortunately,and also someone pacing up and down on the room above me.Luckily I had my ear plugs which enabled me to fall asleep.	
Feb 19 2006	Clean and Comfortable...average hotel	We stayed at this hotel over the Christmas holiday. The staff at the reception desk were helpful enough, the room was spacious and comfortable but we must have had the newest waitress at the restaurant who was absolutely clueless! Dinner was an event- and we were the only ones eating!! The food, while good, was horrendously overpriced- as was the hotel at $110 a night. We were in the middle of Edgware, 7 miles outside of central London by car and 40 minutes by tube, and across the street from a car dealership! We had a car and knowledge of the surrounding streets but I can see that it would be especially easy to get lost if you didn't know the area.	
Apr 23 2004	Nice hotel...but too far out	I recently stayed 3 nights at the Premier Lodge in Edgware. I found the staff of the hotel very courteous and helpful-, and the room was well appointed and cleaned every day. I thought the hotel restaurant was over-priced and the food was uninteresting, although I ordered a pizza to take to my room my last night and it was quite good. It is a long tube ride to central London and I do not think Edgware Road is a particularly pleasant place at night. I agree that the rooms facing the street are a bit noisy. Although it was quite large, I think my single room was a little expensive (£58) for being so far out of central London. I would rate the hotel above average, but the location is definitely below average.	
Oct 22 2003	Great Value	Premier Lodge Edgware is really great value for money. On the weekend we visited there was 2 nights for the price of 1 which ment 2 night for £56. There were 3 of us 2 adults and a child of 13. The child had a low down pull out bed and the adults had a 6 foot wide bed. The rooms were of ample size and the bathroom was well fitted out too. This appears to be a new building so all the fixtures and fittings etc are still up to a good standard. The lodge a good 5 minute walk from the nearest tube station - Edgware. It takes about a half an hour on the tube from the centre on London- Kings Cross Station. Edgware is the last stop on the Northern Line of the London Undgerground. A day family ticket for all 3 of us was £7.60 per day which gave us unlimited travel on the Underground and buses - but the buses take for ever, it is quicker to walk. There are a few cafes just up the street doing breakfast, although we did not sample them as they were closed on the Sunday and we ate at the lodge for breakfast on the Monday which was nice although a bit pricey at just over £6 each, with children 12 and under eating free. There is a small shopping centre beside the underground, plenty of take away places and pubs round about. Would use this lodge again if I were to visit London area again. The only down side being that the rooms overlooking the car park can be noisy at times.	
