Nov 17 2009 	Badly managed!	we've stayed at Albro last year and overall our experience was pretty good.This time we found this lady who didn't know how to manage a single thing that was happening there! Don't even wanna start with the chambers maid who was totally insane: she even opened our door several times without even knocking! not to mention she didn't speak a single word in english..It was pretty awkard and embarassing i have to say!! And it kinda ruined our journey there.The Hotel per se is in a very good location,and the neighborhood(Paddington) is one of the most vital of London in terms of pubblic services,restaurants and such.In the same street of Albro you can find TONS of Small Hotels like Albro,so do yourself a favour: try somewhere else!	
Nov 3 2009 	THE MOST MISERABLE EXPERIENCE I HAD IN MY LIFE TIME	I checked into Albro House Hotel, it must have been a month ago. A woman checked me in she said she was a manager, while the owner is gone. She said it’s 50 GBP a night, I stayed at that on 4th floor first two nights. After that I moved onto ground floor. There was no hot water to take shower, only sometimes. It was freezing at night, obviously they didn’t care about their customers being cold, and I slept with clothes on and three blankets on top of that. Than I started getting those bites, and since my door opened to balcony, I figured their mosquitoes, so I didn’t make anything out of it. Than I asked her to lower my rate, I think after week and a half stay, and she provided a weekly rate 300 GBP. I still kept getting few bites here and there. After about a week the owner came back, and said he sold that room, I need to move upstairs. Which was good because at least they had warm water upstairs. I kept itching but figured they were old bites just still itching. My boyfriend arrived a week later we moved back down stairs. I told him I was itching too much and he proposed that maybe I have bed bugs. I said that’s crazy I don’t even know what bed bugs are, and how could I get them anyway. He wanted to move to another hotel because there was no hot water, and it was in bad condition. I said they already lowered rate for my extended stay so why bother. Before he left he mentioned his kind of itchy too. After he left I said I want to move back up, because I can’t stand taking showers in cold water. The owner replied “really? There is no cold water?” I said yeah, at least there’s some upstairs. And than he says yeah I know what the problem is, it’s just too expensive to fix it. Really?? He rather makes people suffer, that’s great to know, very caring person ah? So I moved back up stairs, over few nights I got more bites, than I was getting worried. I started searching the Internet and found out that, bed bugs are most commonly mistaken for mosquitoes. I looked at pictures of bed bug bits and they looked just like mine that was the first time I believed bed bugs do exist. I was scared to go to sleep so I left the light on, and I woke up with even more bumps on my face. In that point I knew there were bed bugs in there, I went down stairs I showed him those bumps, and told him I am itching crazy, I want my money back and I want out of here. He said oh I am so sorry I had no idea about the bed bugs. Please stay till you’re paid Ill move you to another room. Me being nice, or should I stay stupid, moved to a room on 1st floor, and stayed. After I take the key back for room from upstairs he goes, yeah I have been having problems with bed bugs lately?? Didn’t he just say he is not aware of that?? And than he says he thinks the terminators planted them to get money from him?! His crazy. So he was totally aware of the situation. Of course I couldn’t sleep being scared to death that I wake up even bumpier. So I had the light on sitting on my bed, I’m looking on top of the headboard, and there is the bug waiting for me to go to sleep, so he can suck my blood. That was it, there was no way I was sleeping, there was even know way I was sitting on that bed. I laid my luggage on top of table to make sure they can’t get in there, I took everything out, and repacked, making sure there are no bugs in my bag. I drank coffee all night phasing around, walking outside, and I was the first customer in coffee shop, anything to stay awake. They serve breakfast at 7.30 am, I said to myself I’m not going to wake anybody, Ill have patience till than Ill just stay up. When 7.30 came around I went down stairs, I asked the owner “How did you sleep last night?” he replied well, and I replied good for you, because I have not got any sleep yet. He replies “Oh those bugs again?” I said yes, I want my money back, and I want out of this hellhole. He replies I can only give you money back for three days, I said really?? He says yeah, you didn’t complain about bed bugs till yesterday. How am I supposed to complain about something I did not know even existed?? We had it out, and I was telling him what a greedy person he his, and that is no way to treat other people. I left I checked into beautiful hotel across the street, and finally got 4 hour’s of sleep. I refuse to pay 300 GBP’s for having bed bugs to eat me, while the person charging me is knowingly, lying to me, and stealing hard earned money for abuse, and horror. I want my money back, and money on top of it for all those lies, and disgrace. I am devastated, I will never ever check into anther bead and breakfast, because of such a miserable experience. Not to mention, I am still itching, and scratching like crazy, I have 15 bumps on my face alone. I am embarrassed to scratch myself all the time, because people my think I have skin decease. I am embarrassed to roll up my sleeves because I have bites all over my arms. And I am paranoid from that experience, I look at every little piece of derbies on floor and I think its bug, I am almost delusional. I jump when my pants touch my legs, because I think it’s a bed bug, and I scratch even in places I don’t itch because of that paranoia and experience.How do things like that happen, who has control over it? Why doesn’t anybody inspect those places? What happened to human rights? Why are people like him in hospitality industry? He belongs behind the bars the way he cheats money out of people, lies to them, and plays with their wellbeing. I want some answers. And I want that place closed down, sterilized!! There is no reason anybody should go thru that experience, for wanting to see London, and stay here. I am emotionally and physically damaged, my upper body looks like bug wonderland. And I want somebody to make up for that, and that somebody should be the person who put me thru that. I have never in my life been treated, in such disgrace.	
Jul 21 2009 	Smallhot room BUT close to the sights!	Stayed at the Albro House for two nights on a stop over to Eastern Europe. We were 4 friends staying in a quad room. It was VERY tight and got really hot at night. The sheets were clean and the beds were somewhat comfortable. The decor is very outdated! The bathroom was kind of on the gross side (the floor was falling apart) but it did the job. The best part about this place is that it is just a few minutes to Paddington (which has direct trains from Heathrow!!!), has many pubs and restaurants around and is close to walk to Hyde Park etc. And the cute little breakfast room in the basement served up a decent breakfast to start the day! I don't think I'd stay here again because I am sure there are other places around that can offer a bit more for 135 pounds a night! This was all that we could find in a good location only a few weeks in advance. It does the job if you're desperate for a place!	
Jul 19 2009 	Small room but a great stay.	This is not a fancy place, but it doesn't pretend to be. We arrived for 5 nights after 3 weeks traveling through Europe. Even so, our room still surprised me by how small it was. Mind you, we are a family of 4. My kids loved it, it was like camping, we'd hop in to bed and talk until we went to sleep.The fellow who owns the place is a classic, very nice and helpful. The included breakfast is great. The room was cleaned every day and spotless. Location is great, 2 minute walk to Hyde park, 10 minute walk to Oxford St.Unless I win the lottery, I'll stay there again.	
Jun 3 2009 	Pleasant stay	Excellent location - 2 minutes walk from Paddington station in a nice quiet street. There are plenty of small supermarkets, souvenier shops and cafes nearby as well as internet cafes and a laundromat. I had a single room which was tiny (but probably similar to other London hotels) but had everything I needed (tv, ensuite, tea making facilities). I was on the top floor and even though I'm a fit person I found it hard carrying my luggage up steep narrow stairs up to the top floor. The breakfast room was stuffy and cramped (I had to sit with other guests on small tables). There were a few service issues: the cleaner threw out on of my toileteries, they ran out of a breakfast cereal (the only one I could eat) and I couldn't access my left luggage because the manager (who had the only key) was out. Overall a good experience but next time I'd probably try one of the many other B&amp;Bs in the area.	
Dec 30 2008 	Quiet clean 	We arrived at about 6.30 a. m. on a Thursday morning on the Heathrow Express. It was only a short walk from Paddington Station &amp; very easy to find from the Google Map that we had printed out. We had our breakfast in the basement dining room all very neat &amp; clean. We were on the very top floor O. K. for us but not recommended for those who can't climb up 4 flights of stairs with their luggage. As is typical of London, the room was like a postage stamp but it was clean quiet and had en suite shower, toilet &amp; hand basin. Teas, coffee &amp; hot water are provided also. From here it is only a stone's throw to Hyde park &amp; it is very convenient to tubes, buses, sites etc. There are bigger rooms available than the one we booked, which might be suitable for longer stays.	
Sep 15 2006 	The Abro offers convenience	This is one of many non-glitzy, down-to-earth, value-for-money small hotels in central London. I've stayed in a number of them, both in the Paddingdon area and also around Russell Square and Euston. I'd come back to this one for overall value. You can come and go as you please (you don't have to stand at the doorbell waiting for someone to bring you the key each time you come in). So it's completely convenient in that respect. This probably means a low rate of problematic guests, and when I was there, the clientele were indeed comporting themselves quietly and decently. So the environment seemed good as well.It's less noisy than many other hotels of this price range. They also have the toilet and shower cublicle right in the room, so you're not walking down a draughty hallway. If you have trouble with stairs, you'll want to ask for a low room, as there's no lift. I didn't mind, and got a room on the top floor (four flights up), kind of shapely, like an attic room, and nicely wallpapered. A bit warm up there; the window opened up so that was fine. The carpet's a bit worn but that's typical; you might want to bring a pair of slippers.The staff is courteous and hard-working and they confirmed my details in advance, and all went as planned. Note that if you pay by card, there is a 5% fee, so you might want to have cash if you'd like to save that.Paddington Tube Station is only a couple of streets away, very easy walk. Hyde Park is less than a 10-minute walk and provides a lovely morning exercise ground.I was on my own, not out to impress anyone, and just needed a safe and quiet base for a good night's sleep. The Albro Hotel delivered that without too much fanfare and with no surprises.	
May 9 2009 	Ottima posizione e personale molto gentile		
