	Avoid this hotel	The entrace reception is lovely and that's where it ends. The room was a single room with a double bed in it, paint was peeling of the walls, the window frame was rotten so the windows would not shut properly. The so called entrance door which should be fire rated had a 50 mm gap at the bottom, ideal to limbo under. How this passes health and safety regulations we do not know and it looked like all doors where the same. The bathroom was so small approx 1.8m by 1 meter almost impossible to shower in. the shower was sealed around the edges with strips of lead as used on roofs. The carpet was so old it was fraying around the edges and black with dirt. No remote for tv. No hair dryer. No bags in bathroom for ladies disposal of personal items.Breakfast !!!!!! when you have queued 15mins to get into the breakfastroom, only to find staff running round like headless chickens, no organisation at all. then you queue again for your breakfast to find things have run out and you wait 10 mins for some replacements, by the time you get to the toast it has run out again, so the rest of your breakfast gets cold waiting for the toast.!!!! the kitchen must be for a 3 bedroomed house not a big hotel. Well at least it was near Hyde park which is closed at dark for safety so no good if going to Royal Albert Hall as looong way around. Avoid this place at all costs, over priced and very poor value.	
Oct 16 2009 	Kippers and Curtains !!!!	You arrive at this hotel and the lobby looks great...with fountain statures, marble floors etc..but dont be fooled!!!! this hotel is Kippers and Curtains!!!!! rooms shabby, poor fittings, showers small and inadequate, and breakfast what a joke!!... you have to queue for slices of cheese ,polony, and bread...just like prison food...and do not ask them to order a taxi for you they rip you off...go in to the road there are plently to flag down...	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location dated rooms	The hotel is in a great location, less than 5 mins walk from Paddington Station. The outside of the building is very nice and the reception area is impressive but after that it is all very tired and dated. However we had a family room (for two of us) so this size was fine but the bathroom was tiny - the smallest Ive ever seen. some of the furniture was desperatly in need of replacing. There was a tiny TV high on the wall - no remote control. Breakfast was included and was fine - cereal, toast, fruit, cold meat plus some hot items - sausage, scrambled egg and beans.One annoying thing was the notices everywhere telling you not to do things; smoke, bring visitors, eat food from outside etc. The notices were everywhere you looked - in reception area, behind the reception desk, back of doors, on the room cards, on the hotel information - I could go on!!All the staff were lovely and very friendly and helpful.I would stay again for the price (we paid £84) but if you like luxury and comfort it is not for you!	
Aug 27 2009 	Not so good	We booked one night here on our last night in England for the proximity to Paddington to get to Heathrow. Unfortunately, we got a bad room (unless all are bad?) in the basement level, near the breakfast room (#4). It was loud, had no air, and the only window faced into an enclosed shaft in which people were passing through, just outside the &quot;window&quot;! As you can imagine, it wasn't safe to leave the window open and the room was HOT. The room was tiny, but the bathroom even more so. It was fairly ridiculous--standing in the shower you couldn't wash your hair as your arms are almost pinned to your sides it's sooooo small. If you are a bigger/chunkier person, this bathroom won't work for you. By the time we stayed here we had stayed in numerous hotels so were prepared for smaller bathrooms/rooms, but this one was over the top small. The breakfast was not good and really the price wasn't great. The one redeeming value of this place was its close proximity to Paddington and Hyde Park. There aren't great restaurants or shopping close by, we had to foot it over to Knightsbridge. Overall, I would try another place or spend a bit more.	
Jun 21 2009 	definitely recommend to everyone	the room is small but very clean, the breakfast contain: Cheeze, ham, scrambled egg,cereal, baked bean....toast....jam...i m quite impressed! and it was very quiet....very very near to the paddington station, has the elavator! so what can we ask for more?	
Jun 3 2009 	Excellent for long stay	I was on a business trip to London and was looking for a place for long stay (3 weeks)I found this hotel on the web and decided to visit the property to get a good price and checkout the rooms.I like the place for its excellent central location, has two tube stations within minutes of walking distance. Paddington is also a National Rail station ans well connected to Heathrow (via Heathrow Express).The hotel suite (two bedrooms) that we rented was a bit cramped (specially the bedrooms) but had all essentials for long stay. Fridge / Freezer, Cooker &amp; Oven, Washer cum dryer and all basic cookware, cutlery and dinnerware.The housekeeping was good and maintained the room very well. The view from my room was good (park facing, diagonally). Nights were a bit noisy because of the Main Street and traffic.Had many restaurants (including Indian curry places) in the close proximity. The breakfast though was very basic and mostly served the standard menu every day... a bit boring for long stay guests... after a week did not care for the breakfast though it was inclusive in my room rate.The staff was courteous and helpful. Weekends we could explore the city (central london by foot) and rest by the tour buses which had a stop in the street nearby.Overall a good option for people having a low budget or with kids / family. Good for budget business travelers too.	
Mar 20 2009 	Not worth the money	I just got back from my trip to London and I would have to say that the hotel was not worth the money that we paid. It was in a nice location, not too far from the main shopping area. There were plenty of stores/restaurants/tube stations where we were located. I went with my family (parents, sister and a friend). We got 2 rooms. My parents was a double room and my sister, friend and I were in a triple. The triple room consisted of 1 twin bed and 1 double bed. I wouldn't consider that a triple room, my friend and I had to share the bed. The room was dirty and was very small. We also had to lay out money (which we got back at the end of the trip) in order to get a blowdryer and the remote control for the TV, which was smaller than 19&quot;. The bathroom had a huge crack in the middle of the wall and was'nt very clean either. Breakfast was included with our hotel, but the food did not look very appetizing and I did not eat there my entire stay, nor did anyone else that I was with. The hotel was working on the bar/restaurant, so there wasn't one there when we went, which we were expecting. The Concierge was not helpful at all. Everytime we asked him information on anything, he never had an answer for us (i.e. which train to take/where restaurants were, etc). Overall, my stay in London was pleasant, except for the Hotel. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Feb 18 2009 	Good location thats it	Just spent 3 nights here. Location is good. No bar or restaurant. Breakfast practically non existent. Scrambled eggs and beans - thats basically it. I went out for breakfast 2 out of the 3 mornings. You get an information card with your key which states if you want to order an english breakfast you can do so for £3 extra which i was prepared to pay after the first morning where i could eat nothing only scrambled eggs. When i enquired about this i was told you could not do this and when i pointed out that it said so on the card she said card is 'a bit old'. This is how i would describe the hote. Ancient. To give them credit towels were changed daily and rooms cleaned and bed made. Bed was very comfortalbe.Then on the last day an envelope was left to put tips in at our discretion. Needless to say i did not put any in but filled in my comments letter. Overall i was very dissappointed with this hotel and when buffet breakfast is included i would expect there would be a selection of food to choose from but not so. Wouldnt recommend this hotel unless you're desperate.Joan Clarke	
Dec 16 2008 	Great Location!	The hotel is very clean, the room is VERY BIG. We had a great stay there. The price is excellent. The staff is very friendly and the location os the hotel is uncredibly perfect. Great deal!	
Aug 14 2008 	Central Location	Great central location to Paddington Metro for the Heathrow Express and the Open Top Tourist Bus, which leave just around the corner. The foyer in Abbey Court with the marble tiles, fountain and statues raised our expectation of what our room may like but alas our room was very small and tired looking with the bathroom cramped and uncomfortable to use. We could sit on the toilet, soak our feet in the shower tray and clean our teeth in the sink ALL at the same time. If you are tall you may want to consider somewhere else. The continental breakfast offered variety and was plentiful.	
Feb 22 2008 	Terrible Experience and it continues......!!	They charged the room twice deliberately, they said there was some operation mistake by their side and two months later they haven`t give us the money back yet. They haven't replied the demands from Visa, from our Bank, or from the Web site in which we booked the room. What a cheek and lack of responsability!! Please keep away from this hotel and these people!!!	
Dec 27 2007 	You get what you pay for but a positive comment...	I recently spent 5nights at the Abbey Court Hotel, in a single room at a rate of GBP52 per night. Good value. The room was small. I was able to keep my huge suitcase on one side of the room, beside the bed, under the window so it was out of the way. Small TV, small bathroom but really, all you need is a bed and hot shower. Excellent location, about a 5minute walk (and I'm a slow walker!) to Paddington Tube Station. Lots of food shops around hotel and the station. Would stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 30 2007	Worst Hotel i have been to and management unproffesional and rude	We stayed there for 2 nights and when we arrived i was very dissapointed. Very small rooms however they were clean enough but very dated and in need of updating. I travel in my proffesion and i stay in very good hotels most of the time with helpfull staff. The hotel provided an iron in a room next to reception, my boyfriend ironed a top of mine and it had a sticky substance on it which evidently ruined my top, i called recetion to inform them and ask to talk to a manger; there wasn't one available and i advised them about the incident. I unfortunalty didn't take photoraphic evidence which i should of as when we checked out the management were very unfriendly and rude to me accusing me of trying to get away without paying the bill, i never wanted that i jus twanted them to take responsiblity of this and at least deduct the cost of my top (which was 3 weeks old) off the bill. They told me there wasn't a problem with the iron but i assume they cleaned it when i called down the night before to cover themselves, not wanting to address the situation!! As this then made me late for a birthday party due to me having to change my outfit i didn't take a photo of the iron.. Lesson learnt don't stay in unproffesional hotels with staff from different countries who treat you very badly and do not communicate well or have the same standards as you woud like to receive. I have been in the service industry many years and would never treat a customer the way the manager did me she needs to go on a management training course and attain some people skills..	
Jul 26 2007 	Good rate for London Hotel. Clean but small. Recommendable.	We been there for 5 nights:Good price for room in London. Friendly staff. Quiet and clean room, but pretty small. Clean and small bathroom. Good location to explore London. Very poor breakfast. Good lacation to explore London. Near to tube,sightseeing-bus, pub and to have good breakfast.	
Jul 9 2007 	what you see is what you get	Just got back from a great weekend in london. Went there for the Tour de france. When booking a hotel in london, you know that if you're not willing to pay loads, you will get a small room with not much luxury. The rooms and bathrooms are small and dated. but Abbey court hotel is clean. When visiting a city like london, how much time are you going to spend in your hotel anyway. The location is a definate plus. I would book abbey court again. Just remember, you get what you pay for.	
Dec 8 2006 	Small Hotel	Stayed there from 18-21/11/06 with my wife and 4 years old son. Hotel is small but fine with us. Near to Paddington underground and main station (3 mins walking). Was given a room next to the lift and too small for my family. Request a larger room and was given the following day. Request room not next to lift. Human noise. The room is fine and clean ut small. Toilet is very small. You cannot really moved around while showering. Maybe because of the price.Breakfast was simple, cheese and ham with plenty of tea, coffee, oj and bread.In fact, there were many food outlet around the hotel and shops too. Near one of the tourist attraction, St Mary's Hospital.Love the fish and chips from Mickey nearby. Very fresh. You need to walk around the hotel to explore the shops nearby. Plenty of taxi if you near but remember to take only meter taxi.My boy and wife enjoyed London. We travel on an open bus top to visit places of interest.It is very safe to travel by train but there are many lines and you near to understand how the system works. Purchase whole day pass which is cheaper for train ride.Try their chinese food. Visit their China town in Oxford street. Like their chinese food. We were from Singapore and food to us is important.Will visit London agin but may not stayed at this hotel. Wish to be near to town.	
Jul 15 2006	Below average	I'm confused why anyone would give this place a glowing review. The rooms are shabby at best. The carpet hasn't been changed out (or cleaned) since the 1970's. The bathrooms are ridiculous. Our shower was so small (about the size of a coffin) that to wash your feet you had to wedge your head into the corner and lean against the wall praying your didn't fall over. Washing private areas proved equally challenging until we finally just gave up trying to close the door and just leaned partway out of the shower. Breakfast was skimpy, each of us allotted one thin slice of ham and one thin slice of cheese each. You had to leave a cash deposit at the front desk for a remote control for the television and another cash deposit if you wanted a blow dryer, despite them having taken a credit card at check in. Of course there was no air conditioning, but since our room opened up into a brick wall there was also no breeze and I would have paid good money for a simple electric fan with temps in the high 80's every day. I thought the location would be good, but was disappointed. This hotel is one of about 100 other small, dingy little hotels that line Sussex Gardens. There was very little character or charm to this area.On the plus side: the staff were very friendly and helpful. The cleaning was done promptly each day and we had fresh towels etc. each day. Breakfast, though skimpy, was at least included in the price of the room. The hotel is very close to Paddington station and the central line underground is just steps away. London is truly a VERY expensive city. As a result we paid almost $200 a night for a hotel room that here in the states would be doing good to charge about $29.99 per night. In the end, that is what irks the most. I could tolerate shabby rooms and teeny tiny bathrooms if I felt I wasn't being ripped off in the process. The level of comfort &amp; service you get for $200 a night in London is pretty low. A room at Motel 6 looks like a night of luxury compared to this place.	
Apr 25 2006	More than I expected!	I have not a single complain to make about this hotel.Great location,nice and professional staff, the room and bathroom were small but clean and well furnished.And for 68 pounds a night with a nice breakfast included I doubt I could find a better deal.	
Mar 5 2006	Squishy but worth the money!	I stayed at the hotel in December of last year. Being just a week or so before Christmas it was busy but for the price I can't really complain. The room I shared with my friend wasn't the biggest but it was more than adequate, and there was plenty of spare bedding and pillows, and the heating was first class on cold December nights! The bathroom though was tiny with your knees virtually on the washbasin when you used the toilet, however this was cancelled out by the fab shower which was always hot! The cleaning and doemstics were also good. The breakfast wasn't great with the usual fair cornflakes, bread, butter, jam, cheese and ham! Not great for a wheat intolerant veggie like me but more than adequate for the price. The staff were generally ok but on a couple of occasions we were ignored at the reception desk while a conversation was carried out in a foreign language behind the desk! The location was good, the price was good for london, but some improvements could be made but more than likely this would lead to an increase in price - you can't win!	
Feb 19 2006	small rooms and tiny bathroom	The rooms were very small and the bathroom was a joke. The breakfast room was dark and dreadful. Staff who served breakfast were rude and had an attitude. Reception staff were not very helpful. No restaurant and not alot else. About the only good thing about it was the area it was in.	
Dec 12 2005	A scene out of wartime Poland	All I can say is that those who have given this hotel positive reviews have obviously never had the misfortune of seeing a single room. I have never refused to stay in a hotel room before in my life, but here the decision was instant. The room had to be accessed via some kind of service elevator at the rear of the building and was so far up in the rooftop that I couldn't stand up in half of it. It was damp &amp; rickety with wallpaper peeling &amp; a view over slums - oh hang on, that was the rest of the hotel I was looking over. I had to leave the room so my friend could turn around &amp; follow me out. The bathroom was so small I actually laughed when I saw it. Mind you it wasn't the size that bothered me so much, it was the 1950's decor. I don't mind &quot;old and clean&quot; but this was so old it was impossible to even tell if it was clean. I had just given up a fantastic large room in Covent Garden for 50 pounds a night &amp; here I was checked into a scene out of wartime poland for 55 / night.I returned to reception to say I refused to stay in the room &amp; the staff were actually fantastic. They offered me an upgrade into Aspen Suites (within the same building &amp; run by the same staff) for a 8 pounds extra and it was delightful in comparison - freshly refurbished, kitchen, washing machine, dvd player, iron etc. Anyone thinking of getting a single room in this place should seriously consider doing the same. There was a note on the door however which had me perplexed, forbidding guests from cooking in their rooms. Strange considering I had an oven, hotplate, sink, benchtop, fridge... frying pans...kitchen.Location wise - I don't think Paddington is as good as people say it is. Convenient to Heathrow - yes. But it's nothing like being in the theatre district. Praed St is busy, a little rugged &amp; devoid of atmosphere. You'll be lucky if you hear another english speaker during your stay. There are 200 identical-looking hotels in the same street (90% of them with bed bugs I'm sure) - and although there were no bed bugs in Abbey Court, of the 3 London hotels I have stayed at in the past 3 weeks, that single room was worth 20 pounds max.The staff however are cheerful &amp; positive and can be fun late at night. The lobby is great - neon waterfalls &amp; clean. If you sit on the edge of the waterfall and put your bag on the seat someone will tell you off for being sloppy. Laughable considering what they are tring to sell upstairs. There is a great sandwich shop 2 doors around the corner that sells fantastic egg &amp; bacon ciabattas. And the Halal fish &amp; chip shop is also surprisingly good after a few too many nightcaps in one of the nearby pubs.I will never stay in a single room at the Abbey Court again. I might stay at Aspen Suites again if my other favourites are unavailable.	
Nov 22 2005	Great deal! We had a room with 2 queen beds	The photos and virtual tour are accurate. We stayed 4 nights. Very clean but not large rooms. Bathroom pretty small, but they had a great deal if you stay 4 nights, 1 was free, so our room was only a little more than $100 per night. Where can you find that kind of pricing in the heart of London? I was worried that we'd &quot;get what we paid for&quot; but we definitely got a wonderful deal. Breakfast was simple but complete and we met other nice travelers each morning in their dining room where you could have the free breakfast that included meats/cheeses or you could order additional items for a charge. One of our best meals in London was around the corner at a London pub/restaurant called Sawyer's Arms. Great authentic local feel and excellent pot pies. Also, there's an internet cafe right nearby... 1 pound per 1/2 hour.	
Nov 15 2005	Cramped but location can't be beat	My friend and I stayed 2 nights at the Abbey Court before going on to France, and came back again 2 weeks later for 1 night before catching our plane out. The reason we chose it was because of the location, it's really convenient from the heathrow airport (heathrow express train straight to paddington station, we arrived at 6:30am) and the hotel is just a few blocks down (5min) on a tree-lined street, which is both quiet and refreshing. You can also choose the Paddington Stn (via Circle line) when going to see the tourist attractions, which is quite convenient. And we had an 8am flight out of london 2 weeks later so this was a good choice (in our opinion). There are many mom&amp;pop stores for midnight munchies and you must try the Cafe Mimo just around the corner - fresh mozzarella, ham and roasted peppers on toasted ciabatta. The rooms are a bit small, but still enough room to manouver in, with tv too. The toilet was really cramped, but still enough room (just barely) to change in, unlike some french hotels i could mention...All in all, this hotel is well located, clean and average priced.	
Nov 1 2005	Cramped room but friendly staff	This was our first trip to England so we did not know what to expect regarding accomodations. During 2 weeks we stayed in 4 hotels and 4 bed &amp; breakfast guest houses.In London, we picked the Abbey Court hotel because of its close proximity to Paddington station (2 block walk) as we were arriving late (11:30 PM) and wanted a hotel situated close to the Heathrow Express train terminus. In hindsight, we probably should have picked something closer to the tourist sites and taken a cab from the station.The staff at Abbey Court were friendly and helpful, but the room was very small and the shower stall was extremely tiny. The included breakfast is spartan - 2 rolls with half slice of ham and cheese, plus cereal, juice, and coffee or tea. We did not order the english breakfast (3 pounds extra).One consolation was the special deal of 4 nights for the price of 3 - the savings made up for the just average room. Since we spent almost all waking hours touring the City, it wasn't too bad.	
Aug 29 2005	Great for the price	Nice hotel for the price. Our room was big enough for two people and always clean. No complaints about the staff, location is great. Only thing they should improve on is the continental breakfast.	
Jul 21 2005	Great value great location	We stayed in a triple ensuite room at the Abbey Court Westpoint Hotel for 8 nights in early July. The hotel is in an excellent location; it is just a few blocks south of Paddington Station, a few blocks from Hyde Park, and surrounded by a number of restaurants, a post office, and a Big Bus Tour stop. The lobby is lovely and the staff is friendly and helpful. Our room was clean, comfortable, and quiet. The breakfast included in the room price was filling (cornflakes, orange juice, rolls/toast, butter and jam, ham and cheese slices, coffee and tea). Clean towels were provided each day and hairdryers are available at the front desk for a 10 pound deposit. We paid an average of 77.75 pounds per night--an excellent value in my opinion. I would definitely stay at the Abbey Court Westpoint hotel again.	
Jun 7 2005	Great Location	This hotel (which has a neon sign at the front of the hotel calling it the 'Abbey Court Westpoint') is in an excellent location. It is located 1 minute from the Paddington Tube &amp; Paddington train terminal. The Lancaster Gate tube station is 2 minutes away. However, don't be fooled by the somewhat classy reception area. Once leaving the reception area, the hotel reverts to a typical 3 star London hotel: red striped wallpaper in the hallways, threadbare carpets in the common area, walls requiring a fresh coat of paint. The surprise of this hotel is the quality of their rooms. As to be expected of any London hotel, they are small. However, they are in very good condition, being comfortable, clean &amp; reasonably modern. The breakfast included in the room price, is competent but not extensive. This hotel is very good value for money and deserves your consideration when staying in London. When I return to London, I will definetely return to this hotel.	
May 27 2005	A little small but otherwise great	I stayed at the Abbey Court Hotel from May 19 to May 25, 2005. It was quite easy to find, right down the street from Paddington Station and surrounded by other hotels and restaurants. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable about London, aside from the usual tourist things (i.e., what a 22 year old Londoner would do on a Friday nite). I stayed in a single room - it was rather small, especially in comparison to American standards. The shower is not very big, and you really don't have much room to move around in the bathroom outside of that. However, I had enough room for my 3 pieces of luggage inside the actual room, including a small storage closet. I had a great deal (54 pounds) and was hardly ever in my room except to shower and sleep so the size did not bother me. The breakfast did fill me up (cereal, toast &amp; jam, rolls with deli meat and butter) and the maid service was great (rooms were cleaned well and new towels are given every day). Overall, this was a charming little hotel and was a great deal. If I travel to London alone again, I would stay there if the rates I received were the same.	
Feb 23 2005	Great location but small rooms	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in October, 2004. The room was VERY small and the lower level shower/bathroom was tiny (you had to walk out of it to change your mind!) If you require a hair dryer there is a 10 pound deposit, but you will need to ask for this service as you are not advised of this on checkin. Our luggage 'went missing' from an afternoon flight between Rome and London and when it was delivered within hours of our checkin at the Hotel, no one bothered to advise us until we inquired the following morning. The Paddington location is great - we have stayed twice in another nearby hotel which had annoying creaking floorboards, but we found the small split level room we were given to be quiet and value for money (about 69 pounds) which included a continental breakfast. There are local pubs/restaurants/takeaway eatery facilities around, together with the Paddington rail station, closeby London city bus stops, a tour bus pickup point at the little park around the corner and a post office. It is within easy walking distance to Oxford Street - enjoy views of Hyde Park as you walk past! Enjoy London.	
Dec 5 2004	Wonderful Deal!	We had the pleasure of staying at this quaint hotel from Nov. 24 - Dec. 1, 2004. It's a perfect hotel for those looking to save money. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are just right -- we had a family suite -- and the bathrooms were always clean, although a bit small. But we always had fresh clean towels each day and our room was always nicely made when we returned from our siteseeing. The free Continental breakfast is perfect to start the day.This hotel is close to everything - restaurants, post office, little shops, pubs, and most importantly Paddington Station. Highly recommended for those travelers wanting to save money.	
Sep 8 2004	Welcoming	Warm welcoming atmosphere. Great friendly, helpful staff. Clean adequate room with a marvelous English/Contintal breakfast. Near tube,restaurants and shops.	
Nov 17 2009 	buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Sep 21 2009 	preisgünstige unterkunft in centraler lage		
Apr 27 2009 	Un buon economico soggiorno a Londra		
Apr 25 2009 	Perfecto para ver la ciudad		
Dec 31 2008 	accueil à revoir!		
