Sep 23 2009	London Royal Hyde Park Hotel	Having a couple of free days decided to go to London. See the museums and explore the capital. Searched for a well situated, reasonble price hotel with breakfast included and this hotel is perfect. (Book on late rooms .com and save pounds.)We booked a double room but we had a double and a single bed in our room. (So the room was larger) Had an ensuite, T.V., Coffee making facilities, air conditioning and the room was same as in the pictures. Breakfast was 7.30-9am. Self service - we got there at eight o'clock and the counter was being topped up all the time with hot toast.Use Bayswater underground - by Keningston Park - walking distance of all attractions. Lots of transport links &amp; Food places. I did not see alift so please check before booking if one is required. Go in September and Museums are free entry.	
Aug 25 2009 	Good location at a very cheap price	After reading some reviews about this hotel I was quite worried...actually I've been quite positively surprised. Good value for money. Amazing location. Room was OK and quite clean. AC was terrific, sometimes even too cold! They were doing some renovation works when I stayed there and I think the place will be slightly improved, but unfortunately there is no lift. Breakfast wasn't great (and too early in the morning!), but considered the cheap price, this ain't important. I got charged two times the first night by mistake, but the receptionist has provided me a refund very efficiently and honestly. Good hotel if you are with friends and plan to hang out a lot, enjoying London night life.	
Jul 13 2009 	Royal! Got to be joking ! Don't bother climbing the stairs to reception!	Do not bother climbing the stairs to the reception !!! It truely is that bad and we wish we had checked this site before booking the room. Unfortunately we had already paid when booking and it was the worst £80 ever spent on a nights accommodation. We requested a change of room as we were given one which was directly on the main road . The first room was bad but the replacement room was no better. The rooms are cramped and our bathroom sink did not drain the water. The laminate flooring was all split and there was mould on the shower cubicle. It was so bad that we slept on top of the bed because we didn't really want to get between the sheets !!!! The breakfast area was basically seats just on the side of the reception desk. We can't comment on the food because we didn't want to stay long enough to touch the cutlery in the morning! Most definitely won't be staying there again !!!!!	
Jun 30 2009 	worse ever	I stayed here in a triple room in June 2009. The room was so small, the cases wouldn't even fit into it. The lights didn't work and the remotes for the tv and air conditioner were missing. This was easily the worse hotel I have ever stayed in when I've been in London.......give it a big miss!!!!!!!!	
Jun 2 2009 	Decent Budget Hotel	Stayed here at the end of May 2009. Reception up 2 flights of stairs. Left luggage behind a curtain in reception while we went out for the day. Returned about 8.00 pm and went to the room to change for the night. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. Bathroom is a bit on the small side, but for the price it was ok. Didn't have breakfast so can't comment. Great location - right on Queensway and Hyde Park 5 minutes walk away. I have stayed in worse hotels in London. Good value. Staff friendly. If you want the Ritz, pay the Ritz's price! Admitedly, it was a lads weekend- so we were not overly fussy. Overall 3 out of 5.	
Apr 7 2009 	Truely awful - dont do it! Please read	I would NOT put a dog in this hotel. The beds were a joke. Myself and my freind were practically sleeping in the same bed the room was so small. The mattress was so narrow you could not roll over in the bed. The duvet was so short it didnt reach past my knees. One flat pillow! We could barely get into the bathroom it was so small. We came home after a night at dinner and low and behold there was a stream of water coming down through the celing in the bathroom. The girl who works there brought us a cereal bowl and 2 towels to sort this out. She dindt even offer to change our room! The water flowed all night and we had to take everything off the floor - what a disaster! When i went to complain the next morning the girl tried to get rid of me till the other guests had finished breakfast but I would not go. I had to get my money back for the rest of my stay and spent the first half of my second day walking around looking for another hotel. The best part of the hotel was leaving it! DO NOT stay there unless you really dont care. Bad rooms - rude, unprofessional staff and just awful.	
Apr 5 2009	Grim!	When we checked in we found that the main bedroom light didn't work, neither did one of the bedside lights, so we only had the one bedside light to see with and the one in the bathroom (although I'd rather not have been able to see the bathroom clearly!). We complained about this and were told it'd be fixed the following day. The following day we returned to find that the main light had been fixed, but not the bedside light - okay, no big deal, at least the main light works! I went to the bathroom and low and behold, that light now no longer works! Do you think maybe they just switched the bulbs around?! So off we went to complain again, only to be told there was nothing they could do (the handyman was unavailable it seems!) and we were offered a small desk lamp to plug in and shine into the bathroom! Anyway, we come back the following day to find that yet again it still hasn't been fixed! You have to imagine the smallest bathroom in the world ever, basically you bend down to sit on the toilet and you bang your head off the sink! So to say it was very dark in there, is an understatement (oh and they don’t even provide soap to wash your hands with after going to the toilet – surely a basic requirement!) So we had rubbish lights throughout the stay, this doesn't include the fact that it didn't appear as though the bathroom had ever been cleaned (they obviously haven't heard of Dettol Mould and Mildew remover!) and the shower leaked all over the place! When I say leaked, I mean leaked, you could have taken a bath in it or better still a swim, had the place been bigger!! Also the pictures on the website make it look really nice, fresh and clean, well this might have been the case when it was first refurbished and opened, but certainly not anymore! It was dirty, grim and disgusting and in need of one hell of a major spring clean! Oh and another point to mention, when you pay a cheap cowboy builder to do your work for you, you get just that - a shoddy cowboy finish!! It looked like Stevie Wonder had been allowed to renovate and decorate the place! Anyway, I digress! On the final morning, I went to take a shower, only to find that there's no hot water! This is at 7:30am, after a long, hot sweaty run through Hyde Park, So I NEED a shower! If you're thinking why not just have a wash in the sink, believe me you can hardly clean your teeth in the sink, let alone any other parts of your body! So off I go downstairs in my towel, to once again complain (are you seeing a pattern here?!) and the girl comes upstairs and asks have I run it for long enough?! I've run it for 10 minutes, tried turning it off and on, up and down every other thing you can think of and it's still freezing cold! Her solution, try turning the tap on in the sink (Hmmm….Now there’s a permanent solution for you!). So I have a little bit of a lukewarm shower, before the sink starts to nearly flood and my Mum has to turn the tap off, which then results in freezing cold water again! The only plus point was that this was the only time it happened, but after a weekend of rubbish, it was the final straw! Oh and when they mention breakfast, I wouldn't get too excited (toast which is thinner than a piece of paper, the hardest, driest croissants in the world and the worst waitress ever – talk about a face like a smacked bottom!), and would actually recommend going to Tesco's along the road! The staff were all Polish, however (apart from one of them, who didn't speak much English and wasn't very helpful - why work in an English hotel, if you don't speak English?!) I found them nice and as helpful as they can be when working in the Polish equivalent of Fawlty Towers in London!!!! The only thing it had going for it, was that it was next to Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park, my favourite parts of London, hence choosing it, so I could go running every morning, but I'm afraid that is its only positive point! Would I stay there again - NEVER - Not even if you paid me and I had the best room in the house - if they even have such a thing! So if you are still reading at this point and I'll be surprised if anybody is - Please just spend a few pennies more and go somewhere else, because I wouldn't let my dead dog stay in this sad excuse for a grotty hotel!!!!!!!	
Mar 9 2009 	Awful hotel. Terrible unprofessional staff. Grubby rooms.	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We arrived before check in and asked if we could store our bags somewhere. The girl on reception merely pointed to a curtained off area and grunted. When we got into our room later we where dissapointed with the grubby feel of the room.It was July and incredibly hot so I decided to have a shower, after waiting for the water to heat up for around ten minutes I headed to reception. When I got there another couple seemed to be having the same problem. They also seemed to be getting no where so I spoke up. The three of us where told that the boiler was broken. When we asked if it was going to be fixed the girl merely shrugged. The boiler was apparantly fixed on our last day. We where given no apology or compensation for the inconvieniance. The staff here are rude and unprofessional.	
Feb 11 2009 	Lovely!	I stayed at this hotel for one night the night before an interview in London. After reading all the other reviews (after booking my room, which cost peanuts compared to other London hotels) I was very worried about what I would find, but also kept an open mind as some people seem to expect the world when they pay little. I was more than pleasantly surprised. Efficient check in with friendly staff, easy to get the wireless internet connected (for a small charge of £3). The hotel is on a main street so you have to expect some traffic noise if your room is on the street side (mine was, the noise didn't bother me). Room was clean &amp; contained all I need from a hotel room. It's amazing to get an en-suite room for such little cost! Bed was comfy. TV in room. Also breakfast was included in cost. Normal hotel breakfast that's just as good as at other chain hotels. I will definitely use this hotel again, for both business and pleasure trips. And will recommend to others.	
Jan 6 2009 	Awful.	My company booked me for a stay in this hotel and I had an awful week.I had to change room due to my employer skimping and I really paid the price both in staying at this hotel and after the room change.The first room wasn't too awful, however the mattress had springs popping out of it and one spring had a plaster wrapped around it! A huge health risk. Shocking. The kettle was disgusting as someone had put coffee granules directly into the kettle, this hadn't been cleaned in some time.The second room was tiny, extremely dirty and the shower fixtures were broken.Avoid at all costs, the dining area and reception are a front for the horrors that lie within.	
Nov 29 2008 	Mixed feelings!	It is on a very busy street, full of food places i.e. McD, KFC etc etc.The hotel entrance is set between a noodle bar and Bella Italia and is open at all times. You can walk up the stairs and into the corridors unseen and unchallenged. I asked for my room key at the end of day one by number and was not asked my name, could have asked for any and accessed any room?I checked in with a mouse!! It was wandering around the reception area which is very close to the breakfast area.The staff were mostly friendly.My room was ok, plenty of room, comfy bed, clean bedding etc.TV and drinks facilities. Very cheap coffee - take your own!!!The room was pretty quiet though, bit of air con drone but it was easy to shut out.The shower room was adequate.It was so close to being a gem - finish the decorating where things had been moved on the wall, sort the gaps out in the flooring an clean the room and it would have been ok.There was an empty shower gel on top of the shower door for my two nights - not mine!!There was toothpaste all down the front of the sink - not mine!!The dado rails etc were a bit furry!My coffee cups were not changed so the dregs sat in the cup for over two days.Breakfast was ok. Toast or croissants, fruit juice etc. I was worried though as I'd seen the mouse wandering around this area.Wouldn't stay again unless they change the cleaners!!	
Oct 30 2008 	Don't go there!!!	The location of this hotel was the prime reason for booking, as I was with friends &amp; going to Notting Hill Carnival, however this turned out to be the only good thing about this hotel!On entering the very small (box sized) room, I was hit by the smell of damp mould, as I am asthmatic within 10 minutes of being in the room I had to leave. The smell came from the phone-box sized bathroom. I went to see the on duty receptionist who told me there were no other rooms, after a very firm talk I was taken to see another room which was exactly the same, with an additional large, dark, damp patch on the wall &amp; ceiling. I explained I was asthmatic, and the damp would effect me badly; after much insistance I was shown a third room on the fourth floor that had a newer bathroom, without the damp smell which I accepted.There are no lifts in the hotel, definately not for the elderly or disabled.I had no hot water for the entire duration of my 3 night stay, and my room were not cleaned either. The room was over priced, the inclusive breakfast not worth getting up for and bearing in mind the numerous problems encountered I highly reccommend avoiding this hotel altogether.	
Sep 24 2008	worst experience ever	Reception staff was rude.Breakfast was soggy.Noisy air con.Hot water shower -water temperature was not good sometimevery hot and quickly freezing cold.Bed side lights were not working.Too much noise was coming from window(road side).When we check in we found some hair in cupboard drawer.No lift for wheelchair or baby push chair	
Aug 25 2008 	Exceeded expectations!	Having read other reviews a day prior to staying at the Royal Hyde Park I was considerably worried about what I had let myself and my friends in for. We had booked a triple room for two nights via lastminute.com for £30 each per night, so obviously we weren't expecting five star quality, although neither were we expecting a dump.Nevertheless, such fears were completely unfounded. On arrival and whenever we spoke to them the staff were friendly and helpful. Perhaps this was because we always said hello and greeted them with smiles too - treat those as you want to be treated! The room itself was exactly the same as the photo on the website - clean floors, clean towels (replaced each morning) and sheets, and enough space to manoeuvre in. The bathroom was clean, the shower was powerful and warm. Granted it was all quite small, but one can't expect more for such little money. The only niggle we had was if we all used the loo in succession, when it would back up a little before subsiding again, but this really wasn't a problem. We also had no problems with noise at night, despite staying there the weekend of the Notting Hill Carnival! I will admit that this could be because we were on the third floor facing away from the street, but this is proof that there are quiet rooms in the hotel.The continental breakfast was very nice with a considerable selection for such a low-priced hotel. As for cold croissants and toast, I cannot argue that there was such a basket on the counter; however there was always a fresh batch being cooked and if you asked for one of the warm ones they would happily give you one. If you don't ask you don't get! Coupled with the excellent location two minutes from Bayswater tube station, I would say that the Royal Hyde Park Hotel exceeded my expectations and I would stay there again.	
Aug 10 2008	DO NOT STAY HERE!	Paid 99 pounds for an extremely small room for one night. The en-suite bathroom was the smallest I’ve ever seen; the toilet was nearly under the sink! The entrance door is sandwiched between two shops facing an Ann Summers on Queensway you would nearly miss it (pity we didn’t). The stairwell to reception is stained and dirty, which does not give a good impression. The receptionist wasn’t friendly and the interior needs drastic attention. The breakfast area didn’t look too clean so we decided to skip it. The room was very small and very noisy and therefore depressing. Although we weren’t planning to stay in the room for long, just five minutes was enough to sully our stay in London. All in all I would advise anyone NOT to stay in this dump. Stayed in a Premier Inn at London Bridge for a tenner less the next night and the difference was astonishing.	
Jul 23 2008 	nothing royal... all are dirt	i booked for 2 nights. when i arrive i cancelled the other night. pics on the website are tricky. a full of racism staff. it was really a nightmare to me. i feel frighten all the night. very noisy area. i went to berjaya eden. it is realy good hotel.	
Jul 9 2008 	rubbish	booked through lastminute.com. paid £94 for a tiny, shabby room. the staff in the dirty no-window'd breakfast room were rude and unhelpful. i expect a lot more for the money.i wont be staying there again and i suggest you dont either.	
May 27 2008 	What a dire hotel	I booked this hotel through Last Minute because it was listed as having 3 stars. How can this horrible hotel get away with fraudulently claiming it has earnt 3 stars? It is absolutely grotty - tiny rooms and a bathroom covered in mould. We hardly slept all night because of the noise. The breakfast - continental - was just about adequate but did not make up for the vile bedroom. Three stars? They must be joking. DON'T stay there!	
Apr 29 2008	Jeckyll 	We just got back from a lovely stay in London NOT due to this horrible hotel experience. We were already afraid that this might happen because we read the reviews, but we had already booked this hotel prior to reading the reviews and we hoped for the best. It's quite central, that's true, but the room was dirty, smelly, noisy and the staff didn't quite speak English. On top of all we didn't have hot (or even warm) water for two days (and we were only there for two days). It was not because of the good service but me and our big mouths that we managed to get a refund of 40 percent!! Overall, I would definitely not recomment anyone this horrid hotel unless you like any of the things mentioned above.	
Mar 17 2008 	Michelle from Halifax	II was dreading staying at this hotel having read the reviews after I had booked, however I was pleasantly surprised :) Okay - it wasn't the Hilton but then I didn't pay that sort of price for it. The room was basic but spotlessly clean; bedding was crisp white and clean; amenities of TV, kettle and ensuite were ample; towels changed daily; continental breakfast was fine; it was close to tubes, bars and plenty of restaurants.I don't know what some people expect for their money but this was fine if you want a cheap and chearful place to use as a base whilst sight-seeing around London. I would definately stay there again.	
Feb 22 2008 	wished i'd read the reviews	I would only recommend this hotel if you have taken leave of your senses. Because you'll have none left on leaving. Our eyes streamed through the smell of mothballs. We suffered hyperthermia due to there being no hot water. You needed to take elevenses as the breakfast was so insubstantial. You needed oxygen to reach your room on the top floor, your eyes poked out so as not to glimpse the horror of decoration. Need i continue ?	
Feb 11 2008 	a real disgrace	Royal Hyde Park Hotel just doesn't deserve the label &quot;hotel&quot;.If this place has ***-rating, the UK has really poor standards. At the arrival, an extra fee of £50 had to be paid. The room itself was really terrible. Smallest hotel room I have ever seen, a disguisting smell, television and most of the lights didn't work, the beds were too small for any adult person and not clean, and worse of all: uncovered electrical wires everywhere, which is pretty dangerous. You could barely move in the badroom.Wanna turn your stay in London into a nightmare? Stay in this dump.	
Jan 24 2008 	Not what we Expected	Booked and paid online through Lastminute.com.When we arived at the hotel was met by a very confrontational man who told us that we had to pay a further deposit of £50, and to fill in the register. (didn't like doing this as it was on view to anyone who wanted to read it and find your address).We went to our room on the second floor, to find that the contempory wooden furniture consisted of 1 chipped Ikea bedside cabinet and a wardrobe fixed to the wall. We did have two cups a Kettle and some tea and coffee but no milk or the complementry bottled water as stated on our booking.We moved the bed over as it was pushed up against the wall so that we could get out either side, to find clumps of dust and fluff.I have used airoplane toilets that have been more roomy than our bathroom. Hot water was increadably intermittent and the the plug in the sink wouldnt work properly.The room was of poor qulaity and everytime you turned on the kettle or the aircon the lights would flicker.The walls where very patchy with holes from old pictures.We skipped breakfast both mornings.Definatly not what it was advertised as.	
Jan 15 2008 	Terrible Hotel	This would rate as the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We booked after the reviews of 2006 seemed ok for budget 3 star hotels for a week in London. They must have changed owners as this hotel is simply awful. The description and reality are completely different and it boarders on fraud. The rooms are are just a bit bigger than a double bed, the central heating does not work, there is zero or intermittent hot water at low pressure. The air-con to make do instead of broken central heating is jammed above a wardrode and vibrated and made about as much noise as a jet on take-off. If we could have found another hotel we would have moved, but that was impossible in London at Christmas, so we were stuck there. There is no value equation here. We paid nearly one thousand pounds for two rooms for a week in a 3star budget hotel, what we got was a week in a half-star gulag. We got clean towels every day and that was it. Our rooms were never made up or the linen changed, we even had to go to the so-called &quot; reception&quot; to ask repeatedly for loo paper. The rooms were dusty and only swept where you could see the floor. Breakfast was toast. cornflakes and croissants mildly heated in a microwave by the unhappy eastern european staff. I guess they were unhappy because they had to spend all day at the hotel, at least we could escape. The only, I repeat only thing of any worth at this dive is that it is close to the tube, so you don't have to go far to get out of the place. To sum up - do yourself a favour and stay elsewhere.	
Jan 14 2008 	What a rip-off	Travelled from Poole after a hard week looking forward to a 3 star hotel at a cost of 100 pound per night through last minute, more than we have ever paid before. A door off the main High Street up two flights of steep stairs - no sign of Georgian space. He is over 6 foot 5! We asked to see the room - up two more flights seeing worn and torn carpets, cables hanging down and ridiculously narrow corridors. the room was so small with a dirty old blind and window. How did any builder allow this conversion. Who paid who? We were shown another bigger room with a new blind - it was no bigger but we were told we would be liable for the payment so! Miserable feeling ripped off we hoped for breakfast. A grim croissant and instant coffee in a plastic cup, cheap corn flakes in a tupperware box. We complained but everyone just shrugged, we were given an e-mail. I felt so awful as a group of Spanish holiday makers eat white toast that must have given such a dreadful impression of hospitality. The heating came out of the air-conditioning and made a noise so couldn't sleep with it on. Thin duvet- waking up to a dirty shower with occasional hot water. I want to know how the hotel was awarded 3 stars it shouldn't be given 1.	
Nov 29 2007 	bad hotel	The room was very small but beding was clean staff was very hard to understand Shower was broken the bathroom was so small there was no room to swing a cat. We did not get hot water till about 10 oclock at night after every one had stoped using it When we went down for breakfast the next morning we had to sit and wait till there was a table and what a wait just for a small cup of coffee and cold toast .We went out for the day we came back to the bed as we had left it The cups we had made a cup of coffee in in the morning had just been left we did expect some clean ones and at least the bed made we will never stay there again I was so looking fowared to my few days in london but the hotel spoilt it	
Nov 11 2007	not what it looks like on the web	Royal Hyde Park Hotel London. W O W .We booked and paid for three nights,this is really a one night at a push Hostel boasting as a Hotel.We went down the first morning for breakfast this was a first to the small counter for your toast if any was ready you had to take your cup and it was filled with tea or coffee at the counter if the person behind it was not in the sink full of dirty dishes the so called kitchen behind the counter was a microwave toaster and kettle.The geust leaving through the night had to drag there case down the narrow flights of stairs which could be herd in most rooms,Beds were quickly made some time during the day and a young chap wandered around dabbing paint in most areas also dripping the paint on hall carpets and room floors and never cleaned up.Thisshould not be classed as a Hotel we feel Expedia has not been aware of the accomodationas we have used Epedia before and always enjoyed.	
Sep 19 2007 	a pleasant surprise	I booked this hotel by default. Having read the poor reviews i was quiet concerned . However, on arrival I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spotless. lovely crisp white sheets. The towel was more than adequate. We requested extra pillows and hairdryer which duly arrived. Breakfast was very good. Continental. Staff very polite. Excellent location. Was noisy at night. Good value for money.	
Aug 2 2007 	Ok but very basic	I went with my eyes open to what I might expect having read some reviews before booking, and the hotel lived up to expectations. Good price but small room with the most basic of facilities provided e.g. one towel, one small soap, one pillow and one mug but no glass to drink from. The air conditioning worked and was a blessing as it was a hot night and my room on the top floor was very warm. If you opened the window you could hear the loud noise from the street below all night, so it was best not to have to do that. The best things are that it is close to the Bayswater Tube, there are good restaurants and bars nearby, the decor is modern and I thought most of it seemed very clean. I did find some things irritating though including the hairdryer and TV remote not working in my room. Most things weren't the effort to complain about as, from the 4th floor, you had to walk down steep flights of stairs (no lift) to get to reception.The breakfast was very basic and seemed to mainly be help-yourself in style. The staff did not go out of their way to help me when all I asked for was a cup of coffee. This was the same attitude on departure when noone even acknowledged me when I went to give in my key. Other gripes included a member of staff smoking in the dining area (now illegal!). Apart from that everything was fine!!!! Glad it was only one night. Such a shame that London hotels are so poor in service and quality compared to the rest of the country. What a bad impression they must give to overseas visitors.This could be a fantastic hotel and presumably a profitable business if the owners/managers just made a very few adjustments to their service.	
Jul 30 2007 	Don't panic!	I read the reviews of this hotel and simply had to say something... I go to London once or twice every year and being on a very tight budget, I am forever searching for the ultimate deal in hotel rooms. In 15 years, the Royal Hyde Park was the best hotel my budget could buy in London. If you think you can find better for this kind of money, you are very wrong. I stayed for several nights last year and I had a private shower/bathroom, the room was clean, the staff was polite and attentive and I felt safe. These are in my opinion the basic requirements that budget hotels should meet and this one does. The room even had the bonus of tea &amp; coffee making facilities and a tv. Plus the location is great if very noisy: close to Hyde park and all the basic shopping for regular visitors (M&amp;S, Boots) on your doorstep. Lots of restaurants, and a shopping centre with a cinema complex inside. If you expect things like edible breakfast, rooms large enough to walk around the bed, bathrooms big enough for two people to stand in, quiet nights, American style service etc., then save up and go and pay for three stars upwards, as anything beneath will not ever provide what you are looking for.	
Jul 19 2007	Dream destination (not)!	The Royal Hyde Park Hotel is a dream destination if you have nightmares! Payment is requested before you even see the room which is probably just as well, as you would probably change your mind if you saw the room first. The very small twin room we had was grimy though the bed linen was clean. You had to walk sideways round the beds as there wasn't enough room to walk normally. There were a variety of broken light fixtures hanging from the wall but the bedside lights eventually were coaxed to perform. The shower was held up by a rubber band twisted round the water pipe and secured by a small pencil.The water control of the shower was faulty and when turned off switched itself back on, gradually increasing the water flow until it was fully on. The noisy hot water running in the bathroom lent the unpleasantly sweaty humidity of a sauna to the room. The process was repeated at regular intervals throughout the night! A complaint to the management simply brought someone who turned the shower off and therefore &quot;fixed&quot;it! The language barrier was a real problem in this situation. Breakfast was a croissant which was fine and weak coffee.Don't go there! There are much better places to be had for less money in the area!	
Jun 3 2007	Avoid	Tiny room and en suite. Noisy at night and rude staff. Not to be recommended	
May 14 2007 	A bit of a dump	Okay I suppose it was cheap £90 per night and you get what you pay for but I'm sure we could've done better for that price. The first room we were given had not been cleaned, not that I think much cleaning ever goes on, but the bed had not been changed. We were then given a different room which was even smaller than the first one. It really was quite dirty and shabby, the bathroom wasn't clean and it was a thought just to take your shoes off !On the plus side the location is great, very near the tube and lots of bars and restaurants in the area.	
Jan 14 2007 	Not as Bad	When I read the reviews for this hotel I panicked!! What am I getting myself into? A false alarm as it was ok! Of course not the Ritz but if people expect to pay low prices and then expect 5 star hotels well dream on! Firstly, yes it was really tiny and so was the bathroom but as another reader stated you don't have to dance in it?Secondly to my surprise and we had 3 rooms they were all clean! My son who one night had a blood nose and dirtied the sheets, were changed immediately.! Thirdly when you go to London well for us anyway it's for shopping and sightseeing ( we all live in Italy ) so who wants to stay in the hotel? Any way as long as the bed is comfy and clean what more do you want? Last but not least the hotel is a 2 minute walk from Bayswater and Queensway under ground!! What do people want really for only 40 euro a night per person?Overall a positive stay!! Have been to worse!!	
Jan 8 2007 	never again	When we booked this hotel we weren't expecting anything fancy, but we were expecting nice service and a clean room! No one spoke clear english, the rooms are tiny and dirty, our shower didnt work properly and it leaked, the roof was mouldy.. shall i go on? As it states on their website 'multilingual staff will be ready to help you plan your sightseeing around London', when we asked at reception how far it was from the royal albert hall, they didn't even know what it was never mind where or how to get there!	
Dec 11 2006 	Basis Basic Basic	We stayed there December 9th ...this &quot;hotel&quot; is very basic , rooms are tiny...we had a single and a twin ...any room on the street side will smell of the restaurants below and be noisy all night with a 24 hour shop/internet cafe right across the road. Steps are narrow especially if you have big luggage. Breakfast is plain, croissants and barely browned toast. Cheap supermarket brand cornflakes, plastic cups for the orange juice all in a tiny cramped room. we were actually asked to hurry up and let someone waiting outside sit down even though we were still eating ...downright rude and ignorant . Shower either had great power and scalded the skin from your body or was weak and ineffectual when used at normal temperature. Overall a bad experience and one I will never never repeat again. On a plus note the reception staff were pleasant and location just 2 minutes walk from Bayswater station was it's final saving grace.	
Nov 27 2006 	Filthy Dump!	is is probably the worst &quot;hotel&quot; I have been to in my life. The staff we rude, impolite and primarily non-English speaking. Our room, besides being very small (The bed was about all one could fit in it!) was FILTHY, the bedsheet had obviously not been changed, there were hair on the sheet and the bathroom had not been cleaned for who knows how long. When I complained about the cleanliness of the room I was giving a cold reception. After about 3 hrs they sent somebody who spoke no English to clean the room with one piece of cloth! Needless to say, I departed the hotel never to return again and forfeit a nights charge. Keep away!	
Nov 23 2006 	Worst Hotel I've ever been to	the rooms are really really tiny...the staff are by no means friendly, the breakfast was EXTREAMLY poor, 1 piece of french toast (yes 1 sengle piece) per person, 1 croissant and some horrible coffee...some everything else is self service, the jam, some cheese and orange/apple juice you can drink from plastic glasses. I had to pay to leave my luggage in the &quot;luggage deposit&quot; for 2 hours also	
Nov 20 2006 	nothing but cheap	Me and my fiance had quite an unpleasant stay in royal hyde park hotell. Our room was juz right beside the busy road. So, it was noisy till midnight. There were cars passing by with loud music (foreign songs &amp; trance). One of the hotel staffs was acting like we have owed her anything :rude and unfriendly. Room is tiny and not clean. The pictures we have seen on their website are the well maintained version. Shower is as small as an aircraft toilet but the biggest problem is it's real dirty. The tiles on the floor felt powdery for some reason. There was also no extra tower for us to dry our feet when coming out from the shower. My fiance was lucky to have a normal pillow, as my pillow felt like a stuffed toy -full of chunky break apart cotton ball!!!! Shower was powerful but it turns very cold and very hot at times. I could recognise the furniture are all from ikea, but what a shame they are quite in a shabby condition. In short, the room needs bit of cleaning and maintenance. In my opinion, I don't think the bedsheet was changed before our arrival. However, the breakfast was lovely though it's continental not english breakfast. Coffee and tea were served hot. The location is not too bad, lots of nice exotic restaurants and a tesco nearby. Lastly, I think the room does only worth £24 per person per nite.	
Nov 18 2006 	If you prefer location and low costs.	London is known being a very costly place to travel to, but this hotel makes it cheaper. We stayed at a 3-person-room that was nice furnished (IKEA, simple but nice) but it wasn't as clean as we had hoped. Hair in the bed and so on. The place is extremly small, the staff acts like if you're most in their way and the breakfast is extremly simple, but the location is good and as i said, you can stay there without getting ruined. If only the rooms had been more clean I would recommend the place.	
Oct 23 2006 	excellent value and location!	It's just like a hotel, but more compact. So what if you can't waltz around the bed or shower?! it's clean, it's comfortable, it's close to the tube, to Portobello road and to Hyde park. The breakfast is filling and the coffee is actually really good for being served in england. The staff know what they're doing and don't feel the need to suck up to you because youre a guest. 24-hour reception is excellent, and makes you feel safe in your bed and you never have to worry about your key when you go out. The area is filled with nice places to eat and have a drink, and being on the high street makes it a safe street to walk late at night even for a single woman. This is probably the best hostel I've ever seen, and I don't see any reason why I shouldn't recommend it to everyone I know. Go there! Nothing to regret.	
Sep 30 2006 	If you want to RUIN your London vacation then by all means stay here!	I wish I had good things to say about this place, but to call it a pit or a dump would be unduly praising it. About the nicest thing I can say about The Royal Hyde Park Hotel at 116 Queensway is it inspired us to get out and explore London. We actually arrived in London a day ahead of our reservation so we stayed here an extra night and had to switch rooms after the first night. So these remarks are confirmed by staying in two separate rooms. The pillows and mattresses were truly unfathomably uncomfortable. Almost all of the IKEA fixtures and furniture was broken, leaking or didn't work. The rooms were so cramped we couldn't pass each other without climbing on the bed. I hit my forehead on the edge of the sink more than once while sitting on toilet. The whitewashed walls were without art and truly felt like prison cell. The &quot;breakfast&quot;--in the comically cramped dining area--was a basically piece of white toast, a croussant, and a stick of cheese--I exaggerate a little, but only very slightly. They only regularly provided one towel each person . . . period. We had to ask for another each night as a footmat to prevent the severe slippage hazard on the bathroom floor because of the very leaky shower-head and shower door. But the capper really was how shockingly nasty and abrasive the staff was. Of the six people we encountered, one was decent. The rest, all of whom spoke English with a rather noticable Russian or Soviet block/Eastern European accent seemed like any form of customer service was an imposition and a nuisance. And I witnessed others so it wasn't just me. There was even one night I went to the desk for our daily dose of an extra towel and the clerk, looking squarely at me, rolled her eyes and let out a gutteral sigh. Luckily we have a pretty comic view of the world and by the end the absurdity was almost amusing. Oh, and did I mention roaches? Yup roaches!!!	
Sep 9 2009 	En el tercer piso sin ascensor....		
Jul 21 2009 	In generale da sconsigliare		
Jun 17 2009 	Da sconsigliare		
Mar 13 2009 	Nicht wirklich sauber - nur bedingt weiterzuempfehlen		
Dec 16 2008 	A eviter!		
Sep 23 2008 	budget accomodation ideale		
May 3 2008 	pésima atención		
Apr 30 2008 	Bien situado bien de precio		
Feb 3 2008	Per persone strette		
Jul 16 2007	Nicht eingecheckt 1 Nacht bezahlt		
May 31 2007 	ideale per nanetti		
Nov 23 2006	Ein Albtraum!		
