Mar 25 2009 	Wonderful location and staff	This is an ideal location for exploring London, and is near two lovely parks, Green Park and St.James Park, which border on Buckingham Palace. The staff was very friendly and helpful with directions and theater tickets. We were a bit disappointed with the lack of advertised internet access, but apart from that couldn't have been happier, and feel this was a great bargain in a very exclusive neighborhood. There are many wonderful restaurants very nearby.	
Feb 20 2009 	Nice Traditional Haven in Great Location	I have stayed in these apartments over a number of years due to their excellent location, reliability in cleanliness and friendly staff. They had tended to get tired but I have been glad to witness a refurbishment programme which has lifted the decor without losing its traditional feel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Just "OK"	The place was just ok...the bathroom and sheets were clean! The apt. could have used a facelift. It needed to be painted and the kitchen was something I wouldn't want to have cooked in. We stayed on the first floor and the noise level from the street was terrible. We had to buy ear plugs to sleep. It was centrally located and a block away from the tube...	
Jun 11 2008 	Wonderful hotel at a great price	We have stayed at 44 Curzon Street several times, sometimes renting more than one apartment for a family group.The location is fabulous. It is in a safe, beautiful neighborhood, walking distance to many, many attractions, restaurants, theaters, etc. It is a very short walk to a very good Underground station.There is a lot of variation in the rooms. Some are beautifully decorated and some could use a little sprucing up. All that we have stayed in, though, are very comfortable and equipped with all modern conveniences - except air conditioning. Each one has a fully equipped kitchen. The service is friendly and always helpful and accommodating.  London is a very expensive city, and the price, especially considering the Mayfair location, is very reasonable. We also find the ability to eat breakfast and a few other meals in our little apartment saves a good deal of money for other things.	
Jul 25 2007 	44 Curzon worked for our Family	I agree with other reviewers who describe the Apts as dated. Ours was as well. We actually had [2] 1 Br Apts on the 1st floor across the hallway from each other. It was actually quite private for us to simply walk 10 ft across a narrow hall way to get to the other room. And these were the only 2 rooms on the floor.Each Apt had a living room area, small, but cozy enough for our family of 5. Beds were very hard, but for the price, we were not expecting Westin Heavenly beds anyways. Best part: very close to bars, restaurants, Hyde Park, Picadilly, etc. We really enjoyed the area it was in. And it was quiet at night as well.Front desk lady was very helpful and polite. Would stay there again.	
Apr 12 2007 	dated and dodgy	the hotel was a bit dowdy and was furnished in a very dated fashion--worn and weary. but it was pretty clean. their brochure is very misleading, as it shows a modern furnished room. when questionned the staff said they only have a few rooms like that, and wouldn't let us see the room we were offered ahead of time. they were a bit rude. it offered internet access, but you practically had to balance on one foot and stick your head out the window to get any reception. the lobby was freezing when i was there, cause the help refused to close the front door, even though that was the only place you could get internet access. i don't think th eprice is so fantastic that i would jump to stay there again. i still think you can find something better.	
Mar 5 2007	Good affordable accommodation in London is hard to find	I travel to London regularly and have spent literally years trying to find somewhere central, affordable, convenient, quiet and comfortable. You can normally find a mix of those requirements but not all - it's either too expensive or too noisy or too far away or too small.I stumbled across the Curzon Street apartments whilst using ebookers and as it was in my expenses bracket (£125) I thought I'd give it a try.It's a little dated but it is clean. The rooms (bedroom, bathroom and living room/dining area/kitchen area) are a decent size for London and for the money. The location is great - close to the tube and lots of bars and restaurants. It's not too noisy at nights - but trying to find anywhere in London where you can't hear emergency vehicles is next to impossible.You can walk to Trafalgar Square in about 15-20 minutes at a leisurely pace or to Piccadilly Circus even quicker.It is now one of the places I stay at regularly when I go to London and I can recommend it to anybody.	
Dec 20 2005	Location! Location!	My family and I have just finished our London trip where we stayed at The Curzon Street Apartments. We were assigned to 10 Curzon Street which is a listed house (the former home of the Author Nancy Mitford) We enjoyed our cosy home away from home although we were housed in the top floor attic flat which were serviced only by four steep flights of stairs the last flight up a circular staircase which would be impossible for a large person to climb. Suffice to say we are all a lot fitter following our stay. The flat itself is very cosy warm and well appointed if a little tired it needs a bit of TLC. However we found it clean and comfy with a well appointed kitchen for those &quot;English Breakfasts&quot;. Londons heart is just outside your door and &quot;Green Park Tube&quot; is a street away.The apartments are secure and the staff when available (the office is only manned 9am to 5pm)friendly and helpful. I have no problem recommending these apartments to travelling families and couples wanting a break from the everyday with all the comforts of &quot;home&quot;.	
