Nov 14 2009 	Quirky but good.	Stayed here as we had to attend a film premiere at Leicester Square so location was important to us. Perfectly situated 5 mins walk away from the cinema.On arriving at midday our room wasn't ready but as check- in was 3pm this wasn't the hotel's fault. They stored our luggage and suggested room would be ready at 2pm. Staff were friendly but I thought they looked a bit scuffy. Their uniform consisted of a light coloured shirt and dark skirt or trousers. I think they would create a better impression wearing something smarter. But they were helpful and polite. The public areas are good, with antique furniture and a lovely log fire in one of the drawing rooms. Staircase to bedrooms was a little uneven but that's due to the age of the building and added to it's charm but if one was infirm could be difficult as there isn't a lift.We stayed in a superior room which was perfectly large enough but rather dark. Bathroom had bath with overhead shower. Overall the decor and furnishings were very good. Modern amenities included a flat- screen TV concealed in a cupboard and an iPod dock.Breakfast was brought to our room promptly the next morning having placed our order outside the door the previous evening and was good value at £10.95. There was a choice of bacon in a ciabatta roll or a continental breakfast with pain au chocolate, croissant etc, plus tea or coffee and choice of juice.Overall we enjoyed our stay and it made a change from staying in a large bland modern hotel. Location is excellent for central London but bear in mind Soho can be noisy in the evenings.	
Nov 6 2009 	Lovely homely hidden gem in central London	Great little hotel within easy reach of theatres, great restauants, shops and pubs. Friendly and helpful staff. Room tastefully decorated and lovely cotton sheets and soft, thick towells. Tea and coffee making facilities would have been appreciated.	
Sep 27 2009 	Unbeatable Location -- A Hidden Gem	Hazlitt's is a small, boutique hotel in the center of Soho. It is in the heart of the restaurant district and near to the theatres and Oxford Street. Less expensive than some of the big, chain hotels, it has wonderful service in a charming building.Our room was on the small side, but very comfortable, Wish there were hooks in the bathroom to hang towels up -- but the shower was amazing! Our room was very quiet . There was computer access downstairs and the staff were very warm and accomodating. Breakfast was not included but there are many local coffee shops and restaurants just steps away. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great value central location	We enjoyed our stay here very much. The location is unbeatable!	
Aug 24 2009 	Beautiful charming hotel in the heart of London	We stayed at Hazlitts for our first anniversary. The hotel has boundless charm and character, our room was beautiful and the porter full of snippets of facts about the 3 houses the hotel is converted from. Service was excellent and extremely professional, and the whole atmosphere made us feel we were somewhere really special! (which we were!)The location is amazing, we were less than a 5 minute walk from Leicester Square and only 2 minutes from Shaftesbury Avenue and all the theatres (even in 4 inch heels!)There are plenty of trendy bars on Frith Street if you fancy a night out, but don't worry about noise. The double glazing and air con mean that even in summer its quiet and cool in the rooms (and our room faced out onto the street). My only criticism would be that there are no robes in the room which is a pain as breakfast is served in the room, so we had to scramble to get dressed when it arrived! The breakfast was delicious though, and checkout's not til midday so we spent a relaxing morning eating our breakfast then ventured out for a walk around Soho before leaving.would highly recommend as a hotel for a treat weekend in London.	
Aug 17 2009 	thin walls!!!!!!	This hotel was in a great area of London as it's within walking distance of many of the attractions including Piccadilly Circus and Covent Garden. Surrounded by so many places to eat and drink it's hard to choose!! The hotel itself is on a quiet street and is a listed building therefore no lift. The stairs to the rooms are lopsided and would be difficult to negociate if you were in any way inebriated! The room was very small and the bathroom had a shower/bath combination which often led to the entire bathroom floor getting a soaking. Lovely fittings though! The walls are thin and we were woken one morning by the sound of a woman screaming above us, which really was unnecessary given the close quarters of the rooms!! Other than that it is definitely a hotel for those looking for something different as it has lots of character.	
Jul 19 2009 	Deliciously quirky!	My partner and I stayed here for a weekend break, and I have to say that we were both charmed by it as soon as we stepped into the reception area which resembled more country house than hotel. If you're looking for a quiet, well located, intimate luxury hotel then this is the place. It oozes atmosphere, be it the antique furniture, wonderful fire places, quirky staircase (everything slants) or sumptious soft furnishings. Forget modern uber cool, instead relish the cosy relaxed atmosphere, perfect for a romantic break.We would definitely stay here again. Breakfast is served in your room, however, there is a huge choice of tasty little cafes on the doorstep, which is what we did.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wonderful experience	I loved this hotel. It is a truely historical place, with original art work on the walls and delightful features throughout. The location could not be better, right in the middle of Soho and ideal for the theatres. It is so much more interesting staying at a hotel like this than your standard chain establishments. The staff were very attentive, our room very clean (albeit small) and the bed was comfortable. However, the air conditioning in the room was not fantastic and it did get very hot for a period. Despite this, I would certainly recommend this hotel. Well done the Hazlitt's.	
Jul 6 2009 	Better than a Hotel	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 1 night at the beginning of July.We chose this Hotel because it was close to Queens Theatre and Covent Garden.LocationThe Hotel is a few minutes walk from Tottenham Court Road Tube Station.Right in the middle of Soho there’s Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Piccadilly Circus all within walking distance.HotelThe Hotel is a converted town house and has immense character throughout. At ground floor there’s a library with a small self-serve bar and a sitting room with internet access. Aswell as all the antique furniture and ornaments the bookcases are filled with first editions given by writers that have stayed. The staircase leading to all the rooms has a distinct slant as have most of the floors and rooms (see the daylight under the doors). RoomOur room “The Prussian Room” was very nice with a view overlooking Frith Street. The bathroom is through the door facing the entrance with the bedroom through a separate door to the right. The bedroom had a large comfortable bed, sofa, desk and chairs. The storage space was enough for a short stay. There was a safe, ironing board &amp; iron, dressing gowns, TV and mini bar. The bathroom has a great shower and a few basic toiletries. It’s a cosy, well decorated room with paintings and tapestries on the walls.Food &amp; DrinkThere’s not an actual restaurant at the hotel or much food on offer full stop. We chose to have breakfast which can be taken in the sitting room or in your bedroom. It was ok, ordered more for the benefit of not having to go out than value for money.StaffThere was a really nice informal and relaxing atmosphere to the hotel which was made by the staff. Not to say they wasn’t professional because they were, but it felt like you were staying at someone’s house and a “If you need anything, let me know” rule sort of applied.OverallIf you’re after a break in central London and you want to avoid a large chain hotel with lots of staff and guests flying around try the Hazlitt's. You won’t find all the facilities of a typical hotel but instead a feeling of home away from home.	
Jun 21 2009 	Still lovely	Hazlitts' quiet location in the heart of Theatreland is perfect. It's recently been expanded to include additional new rooms in the same charming style as its traditional rooms. An elevator has been added in the new section, and the free internet terminal in the lobby makes it very convenient. This was our 4th stay at Hazlitt's over the course of about 12 years.	
Apr 30 2009 	A Unique Experience	A unique experience, perfectly located near soho square.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great design aesthetic fantastic location!	My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights at Hazlitt's in early February -- and we can't say enough great things about its location in the heart of SoHo. We loved our room: full of character, antiques, crisp white sheeting, funky English plumbing. The hotel was right for our budget, offering style, whimsy and comfort without breaking the bank. Although I like to try new hotels, I would definitely return to Hazlitt's.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great location lovely room very quiet	I stayed for a week of museum- and theatre-going. I picked this charming little hotel for its association with Hazlitt (I'm an English professor) and its excellent location. It was an easy walk (and a safe one for a woman alone) everywhere, and very accessible to everything, including good Chinese and Indian food and delights of the lively West End.	
Feb 3 2009 	Really liked it	Stayed here awhile ago but really loved it. It is old and quirky, lots of odd angles and crooked floors. I wouldn't want to navigate it drunk! Had a great room overlooking Frith Street. Hazlitt's is entirely charming but it is not a hotel for people expecting perfection from the building. It is is ancient, which for me was part of it's charm. Also, there were no facilities like a restaurant when I was there but there's a ton of options throughout the neighbourhood so it really is no difficulty and hotel restaurants are seldom a good value anyhow. Soho can be a bit noisy late at night. But I loved my stay at Hazlitt's and will always consider it as an option. However, London being London and the pound being the pound, it's always a question of value for money. I do find Hazlitt's a bit expensive relative to the offer. It's the charm of the place draws me in.	
Jan 11 2009 	Great Location	The Hotel is very charming, you can't even tell it's an hotel as it looks like a normal house from the outside.The rooms are good, a bit on the small side. The victorian bathrooms are good and the all place as a good feel about it!The breakfast in bed is a real treat, I really recommend it! But the best thing about this hotel its the location! Perfect, right in the middle of everything!	
Dec 13 2008 	A step back in time	Beautifully decorated and furnished with antique furniture. Greeted by a roaring fire on a very cold winters night. Excellent location. No bar nor restaurant in hotel but surrounded by same in the location. Would go again but request a room on lower floor as there is no lift - not even antique. Surprised there were no tea nor coffee making facilities. There was room service however - at a cost. There was a mini bar. It was also unfortunate on the morning of our departure the water was cut off and the lighting fused. Lights easily remedied, but was unable to use the antique bath etc. as water supply not restored in time for our departure. Washed with face wipes!!	
Dec 4 2008 	Great Location Quirky is the RIght Description	Hazlitt's is a great place to stay in London if you plan on seeing a lot of shows while you're there. You can walk to most theatres in Soho within 5 minutes and to theatres around Picadilly Circus (with a Tube stop) within 10 minutes . You can walk to Trafalgar Square and the National Gallery in about 10 minutes. The hotel has no food service on site, but you are litterally surrounded by dozens of cute little cafes, bars and restaurants. There were so many interesting food choices, it was hard to make a decision where to eat. The hotel itself is a combination of old residences and it definitely has its quirks (which I liked). The hotel's website makes it look a little fancier than it is - it's a little worn, but I didn't have any problem with it. I stayed in the Madame Kennedy room, which was fine - 4 poster bed, antique-type furnishings, flat screen TV. Not huge, but was more than adequate. Hazlitt's is NOT for someone who likes to stay at a Hilton or Sheraton. There are limited services available for guests, so don't stay here if you expect to be pampered. I'm including 2 photos of Frith St, just outside of the front door of Hazlitt's. It's location, location, location for this inn.	
Nov 26 2008 	Truly Fabulous!	Tired of the stereotypical chain of hotel groups and mediocre boutique hotels that are in every large city, I decided to try something different for my weekend stay in London. I chose Hazlitt's on Frith Street. I was pleasantly surprised to find a small hotel packed with charm and character. Hazlitt's is not large and does not have a restaurant or bar, however, being situated in one of the best locations in all of London, numerous restaurants and bars were on my doorstep in vibrant Soho and nearby Covent Garden. I wanted to experience the life of the city and find somewhere quaint to have lunch and dinner and try out a couple of bars with atmosphere; so this hotel was the perfect fit. Having said that, Hazlitt's did have a good room service menu and a lovely breakfast that was served in the comfort of my bedroom. I stayed in the 'Jonathan Swift' room which I have to say is one the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in with all my travels around the world. I felt as if I had been taken back in time to a gracious period in England's history. Comfortable period furnishings, stunning and rich décor, plush cotton sheets, over sized bath towels and Aveda bathroom amenities, plus mod-cons such as free wireless internet access and a flat screen TV made for a truly wonderful stay. Additionally, a well stocked mini-bar with a fabulous selection of goodies was at my fingertips. I was also most impressed with the friendliness and attitude of the caring staff, who truly looked after me. This hotel is a very special place and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a truly memorable stay in London. I believe all the rooms at Hazlitt's are different, so I know where I am staying on my next visit to London.	
Oct 15 2008 	An oasis in the heart of Soho	My husband and I stayed at Hazlitt's as a little treat. We'd first read about the hotel in Bill Bryson's 'Tales of a Small Island'. We were expecting quirky luxury and that's exactly what we got. The staff were obliging, the room extremely comfortable and the victorian styled bathroom was just fantastic. In term of location the hotel couldn't be better - just a few steps away from Soho Square and right opposite the michelin starred restaurant, Arbutus. A treat it most certainly was, and one that we very much hope to repeat :-)	
Jul 27 2008 	A Gem of Old World Charm and Splendor	Hazlitt's promised a &quot;trip back in time&quot; and I was not dissapointed! We arrived via taxi at the unassuming entrance, and were promptly buzzed in and our luggage collected. Our arrival was quite early after our overseas flight, but the staff rallied and prepared our rooms well before check-in time. The period bath is authentically restored, and deluxe rooms have authentic antique &quot;rain&quot; showers. Other rooms have old-fashioned &quot;telephone handle&quot; showers, which are quaint, but not as convenient. The bed was amazingly comfortable, the room spotlessly clean, and the entire property remarkably quiet for something so close to Old Compton Street. Because of the way the original 3 houses are connected, I rarely even saw any other guests, even though it was high season. I also never saw a chamber maid or heard a vacuum cleaner, although my room was made spotless each morning while I went down the street for coffee. The location can't be beat for theatregoers, foodies, even Soho clubbers. Elegant, antique, and refined- a truly unique experience I hope to repeat again soon! Don't stay here if your idea of a &quot;nice&quot; hotel is the Marriott- you'll miss the plastic coffeemaker and intrusive housekeepers!	
Jul 15 2008 	A gem in Soho	I see a reviewer had some gripes (including VAT not being included and no receipt being given for payment). Such gripes suggest the reviewer rarely gets out - it's easy to ask if VAT is included and take this into account when booking (or not booking). And if asking for a receipt I am sure one is usually offered!Our stay was wonderful. We were advised some work was going on with the redecoration and as a result prices were slightly reduced (though not much, to be honest). We barely noticed anything was going on, but appreciated the warning. The staff couldn't have been more helpful or attentive, the room was beautifully furnished and provided a 'home from home' atmosphere (if somewhat grander than my home...). Breakfast in bed was a lovely treat and our bathroom was very well appointed.Any fears we had about noise from Soho were dismissed instantly. Triple glazing meant there was barely a sound. A great night but I can see not everyone would love it - especially those who prefer more of an obviously tourist or business class hotel.	
Jun 12 2008 	Fabulous Service	I had to go to London on business and my publisher booked my husband and I into Hazlitts. I read previous reviews so I was prepared that Hazlitts would be a unique and unusual experience. The room was cozy and full of antiques and character. The bathroom had a huge tub and a hand held shower but it was large and made me feel I was back in time- the water was hot and plentiful and because we were prepared that the hotel was period and authentic we were happy. This is NOT a chain hotel. The location is wonderful- great restaurants just steps away. There is a 24 hours manned desk and they got us everything from a car and driver to see Stonehenge to Theater tickets for wicked at the times and seats we wanted.We ordered continental breakfast and it arrived promptly - everything was hot and fresh.Staying there made our London experience amazing.The main thing about Hazlitts is the location and the absolutely excellent attitude of the staff. Each person who manned the desk was attentive, polite and friendly. I would definitely stay there again.Patricia Wood authorHawaii, USA	
Apr 5 2008	Overpriced VAT not included on advertised prices	Just back from a theatre trip in London to see God's of Carnage - which was incidentally, great! Biggest gripe was that Hazlitts is NOT good value for money.Disappointed , very overpriced for what was offered ( The online prices do NOT include VAT which seems unusual) didn't get a receipt for payment either. There were no drink making facilities in the rooms. You have to order tea and coffee - annoying. Bathrooms a bit 'Heath-Robinson' almost DIY - taps on the bath not straight for instance! Bath robes supplied but no face cloths, nowhere to put soap on roll-top baths. When I'm paying £200 for a night's stay I would expect these things to be thought of and included. Won't be staying again, Sorry Hazlitts!	
Mar 26 2008	Cosy private base in the heart of Soho	My wife and I stayed at Hazlitt's for 3 nights during the Easter weekend. We used the John Bateson room. This overlooked busy Frith Street but the room was nonetheless quiet and relaxing. The bed was very comfortable and the decor properly reflected the Georgian archtecture and panelling. Although there were clearly other guests, the hotel was very quiet and unhurried. There is no bar or restaurant but with the plethora of options literally on the doorstep, this is of no consequance. The staff were charming and helpful. The hotel location is excellent particularly if you want to be on hand for Soho/Theatreland/Chinatown and the West End generally. Access to Tottenham Court Road and Leicester Square Tube stations is very good.We would definitely stay at Hazlitts again - also...check out &quot;Arbutus&quot; restaurant directly across the street from the hotel door; it's excellent.	
Nov 19 2007 	Quirky and unique	Stayed here for two nights, and generally pleased with the experience. A few issues though, I agree with one of the previous reviewers, get another room other than Thomas Archer in the basement. Small &amp; cosy is ok, but very, very dark even on a sunny day. Bed very comfy, furniture authentic and interesting, LCD TV not antique! The bathroom is quaint, it does have a big brass shower-head contrary to what the previous reviwer said, and the bath is a bit slow to run, but are you really in that much of a hurry? Breakfast in bed is a treat, what's wrong with lounging on the bed enjoying it? A great location, &amp; one benefit of a basement room is you don't hear Soho being &quot;alive&quot; all night. A stone's throw from fantastic restaurants and cafes (Bar Italia is a must), and 10-15 mins walk from Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Theatreland. The staff were very friendly &amp; welcoming. This hotel doesn't really pretend to be something it isn't if you read it's website properly, their photos of it maybe do make it appear more luxurious than it perhaps is (the other rooms may well be), but I'd still return there. A wee bit over-priced I feel, but then I am a Scot! Oh, and their own website is offering discounted deals from December because of construction work, well, it started while we were there and the builders on scaffolding above our room started very early in the morning, not explained to us and not discounted on the final bill. Overall a lovely experience in many ways, but maybe not as wonderful as the website we booked it though made out. These places are what you make of them aren't they? If you want glitz and glamour and power-showers, do your research and book a chain hotel!	
Nov 6 2007 	Brilliant location and a lovely hotel	We stayed for two nights in the Marmaduke Wyvill room which has a lovely four poster bed and a very nice bathroom.We were greeted on arrival with tea and biscuits which was a lovely treat and very welcome. Included in the price were tube travel cards for both days of our stay which was much appreciated and a nice surprise.A complimentary bottle of champagne was left for us in the mini bar which was another super surprise!The hotel is right in the centre of Soho with restaurants and bars within steps of the hotel - although you wouldn't know it when you're tucked up in bed (no street noise was heard).The nearest tube stations are Tottenham Court Road (5 mins walk) and Leicester Square (10 mins walk) - very convenient.We really enjoyed our stay and next time we're in London we will definitely be trying to get a room at Hazlitt's.	
Oct 27 2007	romance and personality	A hotel with real personality....enter a different zone in the heart of London...trulty relaxing and very special.I'd recommend this hotel for theatre / art / literature lovers...a million miles away from the bland conformity of chain hotels.We stayed in the room on the top floor...beatiful four poster, greta roll top bath, lots and lots of personality. It was very romantic.The only thing that wasn't great was room service. I have NEVER had worse food! To be fair we did order at about 3.30am, but the hotel had none of the items listed as available 24 hours and we got a really terrible, dry garlic bread that was inedible.I must stress that everything else was really very nice, but just don't rely on 24 hour room service!	
Oct 25 2007 	Shabby rooms look nothing like the pictures	This is my third time at Hazlitts and each time is getting progressively worse. I emailed and called to make sure we would get a quiet room so we could deal with our jetlag. Instead we got the absolute noisiest room in the place. There was serious construction work going on a foot from our window every morning from 6 am to 3pm. I fully understand that the staff can’t control what goes on in the building next door, but how about warning those guests who asked repeatedly for a quiet room? The hotel staff were apologetic but when you are paying such a high price, you expect more. Either they shouldn't rent that room or they should tell you upfront that you will be awakened at the crack of dawn by a jack hammer 2 feet away from your pillow. The room we got, William Hazlitts Room, was very shabby and worn. Our rug was very dirty and worn and the room we were charged 30 £ per night for an extra bed for my daughter. The welcome basket I requested for my sister's first trip to London was a few old pears on a kitchen plate with a package of feta cheese from Sainsburys. The staff was lovely and pleasant and it is a terrific location but clearly the owners are not concerned about keeping repeat customers. It was a truly horrible experience and we got only 50 £ off our 250 £ a night bill because I complained. Even without the noise, this hotel is way overpriced. This was my last experience at Hazlitts. A place I once considered a great discovery.	
Oct 25 2007 	Not like the photos online....	I chose this hotel after viewing the photos online (as many other people have done) hoping for a querky, boutique style hotel. The reality is that this hotel is simply run down. My room was noisy, crampt, cold and my towel was dirty. Don't be fooled into thinking that this is some converted old English mansion, or that the unusual rooms are somehow cosy and welcoming.... you'd be better to stay in a Travelodge, or just sleep rough. After arguing with the hotel staffI managed to get my room for half price, but this was still well over$200	
Aug 28 2007 	Romance and Impeccable service	My girlfriend took me here for my surprise 30th birthday treat (one of many - thanks gorgoeus!) and it was the best place to spend a very special weekend.We both work in Soho and have walked past it many times, but I was so surprised upon entering Hazlitt's how much of a traditional and unique Oasis it is in the heart of London's West End. The bedroom was amazing, they even had champagne waiting on ice for us when we arrived! They even helped my girlfriend book a window seat in Galvin at Window's on the top foor of the Park Lane Hilton - no easy feat I assure you!Breakfast was amazing, service was a delight, nothing was too much of a probem to deal with and they helped my girlfreind out immensly and ensured a very smooth operation and a totally unforgettable birthday experience. Yes, there's no AC and all not rusbbish and IT IS NOT a hotel chain with all the mod cons, but THAT IS THE POINT! This is traditional England in all it's glory so do yourself a favour, experience something new and go!	
Aug 28 2007 	Good boutique hotel	This is a very quaint, boutique type hotel, in an excellent location right in the heart of Soho. The ambiance is &quot;shabby chic&quot;, so don't expect 5* Hilton type set up. Service was a bit perfunctory.We stayed in a deluxe double and I thought it was a good size with four poster bed. All the furniture is antique which is nice. Our bathroom retained its original features of high cistern toilet and claw foot bath, but I felt it was a bit basic. There is no restaurant but you don't need it as there is room service and 100s of restaurants and bars right outside the door.Perfect for a romantic get away where you want to go out for a nice meal or see a show.	
Aug 7 2007 	Mixed Review for Hazlitt's	Have to say the Hazlitt's website photos makes the hotel look a lot more pulled together than it really is. Yes, location is fantastic, and it is very quiet and cozy. But the room we stayed in was extremely cramped, nowhere to put our luggage (under the bed was the best we could do) and the bath was pretty awful - there was no way to use the detachable shower head without soaking the entire floor. Our upstairs neighbor must have had a rough time of it in the bath as well, as a steady leak of bath water dripped through our ceiling into the center of our bathroom! There is just one tiny common area with a small couch downstairs, so you feel like there is nowhere to hang out except in your room. Again, relatively minor things but they do add up, and for $400 US per night, it didn't exactly feel like a great deal.	
Jul 30 2007 	Disappointed	Just returned from a weekend in London with my husband, this was a birthday celebration for myself so we were hoping for it to be special. After doing lots of research on hotels in the area online, we decided that Hazlitts would be the right place for us, we love quirky, love antiques and hate bland. Every photo I viewed showed beautiful rooms, what a shock we had when on arrival we were shown to our room in the basement,it was small and very dark with one small window which looked out onto a tiny, tiny courtyard at the rear of the hotel. As the courtyard was enclosed by 4 floors of wall on all 4 sides it allowed no daylight into the room at all - Saturday was a lovely sunny day but our room was in permanent twilight. Yes it was quiet but there was nothing condusive to staying in the room for any length of time other than to sleep, we even opted out of breakfast as we didn't think sitting on the bed in the dark looking out at brick walls eating our croissants was very appealing.The bathroom did contain a rolltop bath but no shower,let alone a shower the size of a plate which was one of the things other visitors have raved about in their reviews. I think they should inform you in advance if the room is going to lack any facilities.Yes the room had a nice bed (probably it's only redeeming feature) but it was nowhere near the standard of the double rooms Hazlitts feature on their website. so beware which room they book you into, ask if it's the &quot;Thomas Archer&quot; and if it is request a different one!	
Jul 20 2007 	Something Different!	If you are looking for something different to the large commercial hotel chains, then this could be for you.Hazlitt's has a great central location and is small, traditional and quirky. The rooms are all different and have features such as roll top baths.Fabulous if you want to indulge in Soho and stagger home!	
Jul 16 2007 	Romance and Great Service	I took my fella here for his 30th Birthday. I must have emailed them 50 times or so before to make sure the room was set up and the champers would be there on time for us, they didn't bat an eyelid once and were always police to me. They upgraded us because it was a special occasion to an amazing room and it was the most delightful experience of my life. The staff are amazing, the rooms are amazing and they are wonderful. I was so sad to leave. Whoever moaned about the plumbing and the lack of a lift, get over yourself, you're in the middle of soho not in the heart of modern manhatten, and the building is hundreds of years old so give it a break. It's part of the charm, the floors slope and the stairs are narrow but it was all the more delightful this way! The breakfast is lovely and homemade too! I can't say enough about this charming hotel and I will go back again and again! THANK YOU HAZLITTS!	
Apr 24 2007 	Great location for a great place	I am staying at the Hazlitt's once a year for profesionnal reasons and each time it's a great experience !!! The location is great, really convenient, a lot of bars and restaurants around the hotel, the metro station really close. The rates are good compared to the location, the service and the size of the rooms. It is so expensive in London for a french traveler. I used to stay there 3 or 4 nights each time and I have always a different room. All of them, have a name of a famous person who has lived or stayed there. The staff is more than helpful (in particular Fergal at reception) as I am always lost in this big city of London and I always need some help. I stayed also at the Hazlitt's in November with my boyfriend and I can confirm that it was a really romantic experience : we had a typical victorian bed and the decor is so cosy. Do not hesitate to book at the Hazlitt's, you will not regret it	
Apr 23 2007 	Wonderful Hotel !!!	What can I say.......We have now stayed at Hazlitt's Hotel on 4 occasions and each time we have enjoyed our stay.The hotel is full of history, each room we have stayed in has been different, but they have all been charming. The rooms all have period furniture and fittings; the bathrooms come with big roll-top baths!The hotel is situated in the heart of Soho, so there are great bars and restaurants all around you. It is also within striking distance of several theatres.This hotel makes such a change from the normal bland hotels that seem to be everywhere these days - it is full of character and style.We will be using this bolthole again and again.	
Apr 22 2007	Excellent location	This was our second visit for my husband and I, lovely ambience and polite and helpful staff.Comfortable room, love the decor and antiques.So convenient for theatres, restaurants and shopping alike.Hoping to make a third visit soon!	
Apr 22 2007 	service with a smile	If you're looking for a a great place to stay in the heart of the west end look no further than Hazlitts. With a great sense of character throughout and extremely helpful staff, Hazlitts really does offer that bit extra. The room was fantastic with a 4 poster antique bed!! From checking in we were made to feel extremely welcome and I would definitely recommend this hotel. it offers what no other hotel can -- originality! every room is different and offers its wn unique antique furnishings -- i plan to go back and try them all!!	
Apr 20 2007 	Wonderful hotel and service in a great area	My boy friend and I stayed at the Hazlitt's for a week in a double room. The hotel was a delight -- spotlessly clean, very comfortable bed (from the 18th century probably), and a decent-sized room. This was by far the best of four hotels I've visited in London, and would be my first choice for future visits. We were there on business (me) and vacation (my boy friend) and the hotel served very nicely for both purposes.Our room was very quiet and clean, very romantic with wonderfull silk drapes. The bathroom was a Victorian style.Internet access and mini bar in room: very convenient.Bed was very confortable.The area was fantasticly convenient: in the middle of London, in Soho. you can go by walk to most af the famous theaters, Covent Garden or Bond street (very good for shopping).No restaurant in the hotel but you don't need one. You have hundreds of restaurants and bars arround the hotel.The breakfast in your room every morning with fresh baked croissant is the best!!Finally, the hotel had excellent service. Front desk and most other personnel were very nice. I especially appreciated the concierge service provided, which helped us make reservations at several restaurants. All in all, the Hazzlitt's was a great experience and we found it to be a very good value -- We look forward to returning.	
Nov 2 2006	good but not great	A cute retreat in a great location. Tons of bars, coffee shops and eateries close by as well as a Tube station just a couple of blocks away. 2 Starbucks within walking distance. The decor of the place is old, and it is somewhat musty in the stairwell. The rooms are decent in size with good closets, but here are some complaints: Poor lighting..many lamps, but all produce a crummy weak yellowish hue. Poor electrical outlets. If you do any high tech work that requires easy access to outlets, i would not stay here. To recharge my portable hard drive I had to unplug the TV and sit on the floor. My girlfriend had to sit on the floor by the door to use her curling iron ( spoiled Americans you're saying... maybe)Good shower but no wash cloths. Polite but not particularly knowledgeable front desk. The bed was too short, and I'm only 5'10&quot;. The foot board on the bed ruins an otherwise decent bed, since you can't stretch out. If you're tall, you may not want to stay here. All things considered, the Hazlitt served the purpose, but it's sort of like staying at your grandmas house without her cooking.	
Sep 30 2006 	Great Location and Value	We stayed here for 4 days and the location was perfect. Right in the center of Soho. For the money, this is a nice little place. Hotels in London are so expensive and this one was much more reasonable. People booking this hotel should be aware of the situation. It has a very old feel with antiques. You will hear people walking through the house at all hours, creaks, etc. No king size beds, showers, etc. Although the antiques are charming, you do sacrifice some of the upscale hotel conveniences. The room was larger than I expected, which was nice. For the money and location, we would stay here again.	
Aug 15 2006 	Expectations!	My husband and I stayed at the Hazlitt last weekend. Initially I had a problem with the room we were given, it was small, dark and the ceiling was very low, as it was an attic room, I asked to be moved and the staff could not have been more helpful. They showed me two other rooms; I chose the James Bateman room, which was bright, with very high ceilings and beautiful crisp white bed linen.The location was perfect, busy but not too noisy, within walking distance to nearly everything. The fresh hot bread rolls and Danish breakfast was excellent, with orange juice that even Michael Winner could not have complained about!I really enjoyed my weekend at the Hazlitt, it's different, but that make a pleasant change from the generic 5* hotels you can get in any big city.I had an expectation of how this hotel would look and feel and it did meet that expectation but only once I was moved to the right room!	
Jul 16 2006	Thoroughly Enjoyed Facilities and Location	Hazlitt's is a charming, romantic, quirky hotel in a fantastic location. The oddly shaped rooms and stairwells and the antique furniture contribute to the very feel of London. Lots of theatre and restaurants nearby, convenient to the tube stops. The staff was very helpful - we requested the Lady Frances bedroom for our children (ages 10 &amp; 12) as J.K. Rowling used to stay there before she became richer than God. They were able to accomodate this request and others particular to families (hot chocolate every day, and cookies). This is all the more impressive because my children were the only ones at the hotel. The staff let the kids hold the autographed Harry Potter books and let me browse through some signed by my favorite authors. A great time was had by all.	
Jun 18 2006	Quirky Hotel Great Location	This is a quirky little hotel literally in the centre of London. It's been decorated with an 18th century theme to match the age of the building. So for example because it's an historically listed building, they can't make too many alterations so the main stairway has a bit of subsidence. This can feel very odd, especially after a night out in the local pubs. The rooms are very charming but still have all the amenities of a modern hotel.Because your in the centre of London, your within walking distance of Oxford St, most of the main theatres and cinemas, the British Museum and the National Gallery. And because your in Soho your in the middle of some of the best restaurants in London.The only down side is the noise if your room is on the Frith St side. Soho can be very lively, especially at the weekend so it's worth getting some earplugs if you want a good night's sleep.	
May 21 2006	Great location charming hotel	Hazlitt's was the perfect hotel for our little April trip to London. Frith Street is &quot;right in the thick of it,&quot; as our cabbie told us, which meant we could walk to Leicester Square, the National Gallery, the British Museum, and tons of other places. At night on the weekends the streets are overflowing with people out for a night on the town, especially when we were there, which was a Bank Holiday weekend. (Which seem to happen about once a month. When exactly do the British get to bank anyway?) Fortunately, Hazlitt's does seem to be about a block away from the major crowds, though, so you don't have to worry about being kept awake by drunken revelry.Our room was charming, nicely furnished, and quiet. It was small, like most London hotel rooms, but not unreasonably so. Americans should be aware that, like many small hotels in Europe, you get a tub, not a shower, and you shoud leave extra time to get clean!However, Hazlitt's is a small, boutique hotel, not a big full-service hotel with an army of staff at your beck and call. If you want a great location, a lovely room, and a great time, pick Hazlitt's. If you want people in uniform who will respond instantly to your every whim, you'll need to spend more money.	
Apr 12 2006	Great boutique htoel experience	I agree with the other reviewers that this is a great place to stay for those looking for a quirky experience. For those who want the standardized experience of a big chain hotel, this is probably not for you.The rooms at Hazlitt's are not all the same. We had two rooms. One had a bathroom with a tub but no shower. The other had a bathroom with both tub and shower. You may want to ask if a shower is important. Both rooms were objects of interest in themselves. The furniture which is in keeping with the 18th century origins of the building were worth studying. We laughed at the uneven floor, which was slanted towards the bed so helped us fall into it at the end of a busy day in London. One room was on the top floor which required climbing three sets of uneven stairs where even the pictures were hung at an angle. We wondered about a person's ability to navigate the stairs after a night of excess imbibing. The stairs creaked quite loudly as well.The basics were all good. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms clean. We liked having windows that opened and the heating was adjustable in each room. There is a mini bar but no coffee and tea making set up. The staff are helpful and friendly.Hazlitt's does not have a restaurant but offers room service food which can be taken in the room or the ground floor sitting room. We did not try the room service other than for ice. In the mornings, we would pop out onto Frith Street and an array of coffee shops and restaurants are available within feet of the hotel.We did notice that the one room which faced Frith Street tended to let in the noise from the street, although closing the wooden shutters helped reduce the noise. The area south of the hotel on Frith St. has a number of restaurants and bars which are quite lively at night. Our other room, which was at the back of the hotel, was extremely quiet and we did not hear any of the activity in the area. If quiet is important to you, you may want to check that you can book a room in the back.The location of the hotel is great. It was very convenient to theatres and Oxford Street was a few blocks away. Our experience at Hazlitt's was a lot of fun in addition to meeting our normal expectations for a place to stay during a vacation.	
Mar 7 2006	A charming visit to 18th century London...	...but with all the comforts of the 21st century. Hazlitt's was originally built in 1718, but I was surprised by just how authentic it was. It hasn't been gutted to make way for modernity, but at the same time, it has all the facilities you need (shower, bath, tv, internet access) without these appearing obtrusive or out of place. The hotel boasts incredible character, and Jane Austen fans will immediately imagine themselves as one of her heroines, come to town for the winter. The hotel would not look the least bit out of place in any period drama.The building is very cosy, furnished with beautiful antiques, and poses a pleasant contrast to the modern buzz of the area around it. Some rooms have four-poster beds, and although the room I stayed in was simpler, it was still completely authentic and very comfortable. I particularly liked the window seats, where you could happily curl up and watch the world go by on the street below.The staff are very friendly, and happy to advise guests on where to go and what to see. Breakfast is served in your room (from about 7-10 a.m, order by placing a card on your door the night before). I can heartily recommend the continental breakfast - warm, freshly baked pastries &amp; rolls, served with hot tea. The only problem with it is that it was such a comedown to return to my lowly fare of cereal in the mornings!Hazlitt's is very centrally located (Frith St,Soho), and easy to reach on the tube (from Tottenham Court Road), and it is but a short and pleasant walk to many of the main sights. All in all, I had a wonderful stay. A weekend in Hazlitt's is so much more enjoyable than taking one of the cloned hotel rooms that are the mainstay of city accomodation nowadays. It's the kind of place that encourages you to stay and savour the hotel itself, rather than just using it as a place to come back to to sleep. It is expensive, but a stay there is an experience in and of itself, and one you'll remember.	
Mar 1 2006	a return to soho ho..	hazlitts is a gem,understated,quirky,even a little strange,but soon as i arrived i knew i loved it,i stayed in the marmaduke wyvil room and had the best nights sleep for a long time.it's so quiet you would not believe you where two minutes walk away from the best nightlife in old london town..you pay a little extra but you will never forget this place..promise....	
Nov 24 2005	Antique Boutique Hotel with best location	The location is superb - Frith Street is quiet, just off leafy Soho Sq. Great for Soho, west end theatres, great restaurants and Soho's thriving 'gay' scene... through the Square for high-st type shops in Oxford St, and close to the smarter shops in Regent St etc.As someone who stays in a lot of hotels for business, when on pleasure I want totally different experience. This fits the bill - clean cosy rooms in Georgian style in genuine Georgian Town House. Fast internet access, crisp bed linen but....yes creaky floorboards and AC/plumbing that is the best you can get in a historical building. If you are (American?) 'power shower' people and don't like stairs this might not be for you.Also, don't stay here if you like bland, big, plain anonymous hotels.Personally I love it - very comfortable and homely!	
Oct 16 2005	Loved this place!	We stayed at Hazlitt’s recently and really enjoyed our time there. The location was second to none, we were able to walk wherever we needed to go. The staff couldn’t have been nicer and were very patient answering all our typical tourist questions! They made us feel welcome and at home which is nice when you’re in a strange city. I particularly liked having my own front door key. The curious looks we got from people as they saw us letting ourselves into our own London home!The rooms were very comfortable and having breakfast delivered each day was wonderful. Overall a very pleasant experience and highly recommended.	
Jul 7 2005	Location Friendly Staff and Homey Feel	First off, Hazlitt's location cannot be beat. I'm not a person that sacrifices everything for a good location but I find it difficult to imagine staying anywhere else in London now. That is because you are literally 5-10 walk from most Soho theatres and restaurants. I found I saved money because I did not tube it as much.Secondly, I found the staff to be incredibly helpful and friendly. We arrived at the hotel VERY early at 7:00 am expecting to drop off our bags and head out. The hotel very accommodatingly and efficiently took our luggage off our hands and provided us with complimentary coffee and cookies. Our luggage was later waiting for us in our room. Thirdly, the hotel decor was a bit of a disappointment at first because I thought it could use a little freshening. For example, the carpeting in the hallways need replacement. However, the hotel's decor grew on me because each night it felt as if I was returning home to someone's house and not a hotel. I think that feeling was contagious because I noted that guests would often make use of the seating in the &quot;drawing room&quot; to relax in later that night. Also, my bathroom was wonderful and large. The gorgeous claw-footed tub with handheld shower was so relaxing as it &quot;forced&quot; me to take leisurely baths instead of rushed showers.If A/C is a must, request a room on the top floor. The downside is that there are no elevators. I was assigned an A/C room which was lucky because the temps were in the high 80s when I was there - very rare.	
Jul 1 2005	Charming and elegant hotel in a fabulous location	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel for a short visit to London. Since we were traveling to the country and only in the city briefly we wanted a hotel with a very central location.....Hazlitt's totally fufilled this need.The staff is very friendly and helpful and the rooms are antiquated and unique. There are modern ammenities amidst the old fashioned style and when you walk outside you are in one of the trendiest neighborhoods in London. You can walk to almost any major site and if not the tube is very close. The hotel is surrounded with some of the best restaurants and night life in the city so we didn't need to wander far at all in the evening and saved a bundle on cab fare. The hotel is also quite reasonably priced for the location and for London which can get very expensive if you are from the US.My only complaint is that our room had a tub with a hand held shower with no curtain so taking a shower without flooding the bathroom was a bit of a challenge. Besides this one minor flaw we had a great time and would definitely recommend this to any one looking for a unique hotel in a great location that is reasonably priced.	
Jun 21 2005	Quriky? Possibly. Friendly? No. VFM? Definitely not!		
Mar 2 2005	Charmingly quirky		
Feb 16 2005	Fantastic		
Jan 31 2005	Could be better		
Aug 19 2004	Simply superb		
Aug 15 2004	Just returned from this great hotel...		
Aug 12 2004	Hazlitt was ok		
Mar 11 2004	If you have the cash...		
Jan 10 2004	Recommend enthusiastically		
Oct 7 2003	Delightful Stay in an Old House		
