Nov 1 2009 	Disappointed	I have just returned from a two night stay at the Abbey Court hotel, and feel a bit disappointed. We booked a triple room for me, my wife and 14 year old daughter. We stayed in room 10.The good points are that the room was clean and comfortable room, a safe area of London and friendly staff at a convenient location for the tube station, a 3 minute walk away.The bad points are that the room was really outdated and whilst the bedroom part of the room was large enough for the three of us, and was clean enough with comfortable beds, the bathroom wasn't!!! Not enough room to swing a cat!!!! No bath, just a shower with a shower curtain. The cubicle was clean enough, but a bit on the small side, bend down and you'll hit your head/ backside on the wall!!! ( No, I'm neither tall nor fat - if you either/both you'll hate it!!!!The shower fittings were good though. If you were , erm, sat on &quot;The Thrown&quot;, your right knee hit the handbasin pedastool!!!Breakfast was a bit of a joke. We got there at 8.30 the first morning and had to queue for 10 mins on the staircase leading down to the restaurant. Then when we got there were completely underwhelmed with the fayre on offer. Two types of cereal. &quot;Tinned&quot; fruit cocktail, Baked Beans, Scrambled Eggs and Sausages. That's it. Three hot things to put on your plate!!! Not a rasher of bacon, tomatoes, mushrooms, hash browns or anything else - just beans, scrammbled eggs and &quot;plastic&quot; sausages. There were plastic &quot;beakers&quot; for fruit juice, and tea/coffee. Nothing wrong with any of it - just a complete lack of choice.Ok, it was cheap. We paid £215 for two nights with breakfast included. I suppose that I shouldn't grumble too much, and I won't, but a nicer bathroom, and a bit more choice for breakfast would have me recommending it heartily, but I can't do that. Would I stay again? Possibly, if I was looking for cheap and comfortable with no frills, but not if the stay was for a special treat.	
Oct 14 2009 	Don't expect hospitality courtesy or assistance	We booked this hotel as a place for our son and daughter-in-law's honeymoon in London. Months before they arrived we arranged with the hotel to pay for their stay with our credit card, sending our the card number. Their stay was split in two pieces - the first for three nights, a trip outside London for a week and return stay for three nights. When they arrived for the first stay, my son was told he had to pay directly. He explained the arrangement with copies of the emails as proof. The hotel charged my card and our bank paid them the very next day. When our son returned for the second stay, before they were even greeted the desk clerk demanded their credit card and would not let them in until they had. The staff overall was rude and insulting. I phoned the hotel to clear up whatever the problem might be and was told I had not completed a pre-authorization form even though the hotel admitted they had never sent me the form and that they had been successfully paid for my son's first stay. The manager assured me he would smooth things over with my son and daughter-in-law with a personal visit and a bottle of champagne. neither of which ever happened. The remaining time there my son and daughter-in-law were treated as if they were going to steal the silverware.London was great, the people charming and friendly, but NOT at the Abbey Court.	
Sep 24 2009 	Be warned you pay for what you get....	I took a punt on a lastminute.com deal for a recent trip to london and quite frankly was disappointed. In letter to LM.COM I felt like I had been offered a night with Cheryl Cole and George turned up. It is a B&amp;B, 5 mins from Hyde Park. Rooms are small, about 20 years old and my bed had certainly seen some action. Positive sides are location and noise negatives is that it is not a Hotel (which is what it is advertised as!)	
Aug 6 2009 	just ok	We needed a room for one night only and this hotel was the cheapest i could find with available parking. We paid £82 for the room and £10 per day for the car park - cheap by london standards!This hotel is set in a nice area and i felt safe at all times. The reception area looks nice but that is about it, the rest of the building is very dated and worn. this hotel is in need of a serious overhaul. There was a funny smell throughout and our room was just comfortable, it really is a no frills hotel.The breakfast was below average and i found one member of staff to be quite rude and unhelpful.To summarise i would say that you get what you pay for when in London, this hotel is cheap and it's clear to see why. However the location and parking were very convenient.	
Jul 1 2009 	Clean comfortable friendly staff and great location	My husband and I stayed here last week during a bit of a heat wave in London. We arrived at the hotel very early in the morning and the front desk staff allowed us to leave our luggage in the lobby while we went sightseeing and our room was prepared. When we arrived back at the end of the day, our bags were put in our room. The woman at the front desk said she put us in Room 4, a room in the basement beside the conservatory because it is a larger room and would be cooler in the heat. She was right, it was very cool and we did not require a fan. A friend who stayed in a room upstairs was given a fan upon request. Our room was large and clean, and very quiet. Since we were below ground, our view was obstructed, but we spent so little time in the room, this was not an issue for us. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The bathroom was large and had a tub and shower. The only complaint about the bath was that the shower head was hand held. There was a cost to having the high speed wireless Internet in our room, but I could hook my laptop into their Internet service in the lobby at no additional cost. We had breakfast added to our room. The breakfast buffet offered a very good choice of fresh fruit, cereals, toast, muffins, yogurt, and hard boiled eggs. There was plenty of food to get us started in the morning.The location of the hotel is great. Literally steps away from the Notting Hill Gate tube station and just a very short walk to Portobello Road for the market on Saturday. There are also a number of small restaurants in the Notting Hill area to choose for dinner.	
Apr 29 2009 	Horrible hotel	I booked the Abbey Court Hotel through Lastminute.com as a secret hotel. It was advertised as a 4* hotel in Kensington with luxury jacuzzi bath.In reality it is very poor. 2* is more than generous for this hotel and I think 1* is entirely realistic. Service was non existent. The room was pokey and the decoration was at least 30 years old. The room was badly over priced and did not include breakfast. If you are paying more than £50 for this hotel, you are nuts!	
Apr 23 2009 	Too expensive	It's been said by other - do not accept rooms 1-5 in the basement. We've never paid so much money for a room with a view into a wall - and with limited light coming in.Staff was not very friendly, but we thought it was nice and clean.Location is excellent!	
Apr 20 2009 	WAY Overpriced	I booked this hotel using lastminute.ie &quot;Secret Hotel&quot; service. I thought a 4 star hotel in Notting Hill for €140 (£125) per night - room only - was great value and I had never used the &quot;Secret Hotel&quot; system before. This is not a hotel; it's a house so I think it should be called a B&amp;B (except you have to pay £9.50 per person for breakfast). If you stay here and they put you in rooms 1-5 ask to be relocated as you are in the basement with no light into the rooms and everyone has breakfast beside your door from 7:30am. Constant clattering of cutlery and tableware made it impossible to sleep in. The “Jacuzzi” is a rather small bath but it does circulate water. The bathroom was so cramped we didnt bother trying the jacuzzi. You have to pay £10 for them to give you the wi-fi password (I didnt pay, otherwise Id have posted it in this review!!) To summarise - I'v stayed in worse but never paid that sort of money for the privilege. Ichecked the full rate if you book using the hotel's website and it's €200........I would pay €80-100 if it included breakfast and I didnt get a room in the basement.	
Apr 18 2009 	A very comfortable and enjoyable stay!	I loved this hotel. The tube station was just down the street....the Tesco Metro (grocery store) and Post Office very close, as well. Alain and his staff were very helpful and welcoming. Enjoyed the breakfast in the conservatory very much. Loved coming back to this beautiful and elegant little hotel after a hectic day of sightseeing. so comfortable.......will be back soon!!	
Mar 25 2009 	Believe the reviews......No way 4 star!!!	Trust me the bad press you see about this hotel is correct. How on earth this is a star hotel god only knows. we booked through late rooms where the normal nightly price was supposed to be £300...and we got it for £99. The room was dirty, bottom of net curtains almost black and stains on carpet. When i checked out the following morning and informed the man what i thought of the place he turned into a mute and just ignored me. There are plenty of other better hotels for this kind of price.	
Mar 15 2009 	Remember it is a 4* Town House - Not Hotel	Very nice appearance from the outside, a thirty second walk to Notting Hill Gate tube, and a thirty minute walk to Park Lane, so it is a great location. Buzzer system with CCTV to get it, so good security. The reception area was very good, and the receptionist was friendly and helpful, and they were expecting me even though my reservation had only been made an hour previously on the internet. I was in Room 8 - ground floor at the front of the building. Nice size room, with tea and coffee making facilities and still and sparkling bottled water. Bed was a good size and comfortable. However, the jacuzzi that was advertised was two-thirds the size of a standard bath. Using the shower above the jacuzzi, because the bath was so thin, couldn't actually face the shower without putting one foot in front of the other. Once out of the shower, which was nice and warm, and consistent temperature, I felt like I needed another one - the room was absolutely boiling. No air conditioning. I could open the window while I was awake and in the room, but other times - as I was on the ground floor - I didn't really feel like doing that.Full 24 hour service, so when I returned from my function at about 0230, I didn't have to wait around outside.In summary, remember that this is a 4* Town House, the jacuzzis aren't quite how you would imagine them, and the rooms can get quite hot!	
Oct 27 2008 	Old and Tired	Hotel is old and tired and could do with complete makeover. Rooms tiny. Definitely not a 4* hotel!!!	
Jul 25 2008 	False web advertising	The location of the hotel is good, close to the tube,butttt, the upgrade to a large room with a four poster bed as advertised for booking on their website is never going to happen. As a matter of fact, since we got a &quot;cheaper&quot; rate , we were put in the basement. The manager was clear that if we wanted an upgrade, we would have to pay for it because it was their busy time and he could sell it a full price. When there was a problem with our bathroom, I suggested he move us to a different room and he was rude. It did not matter to him that we were spending five nights. The breakfast was ok, but the dinning room was small and crowded at times. There was no one to help us with our luggage. I'm not sure why they call this a boutique hotel. I would not reccomend this hotel.	
Jun 15 2008 	Pick your room carefully	The AA hotel guide from 2004 rated this hotel as a 4 star, and after staying 3 nights we can categorically say it's closer to a 2 star now. As we didn't have the opportunity to check reviews on Tripadvisor.com, I can honestly understand how people feel about this hotel. It's a great area, but the Abbey Court trades on it's past reputation, not what it now offers.Lets start with the good things:+ Breakfast was included and was of very good quality.+ Good area, close to transport and the high street.Now the bad:- First room stank of cigarette smoke and was below ground  level.- Dark and dingy first room as it was below ground level.- Second room was at ground level and had better light.- Cannot change temperature of room. Heating required staff to  come in and adjust the radiators. - No air conditioning.- Windows are not double glazed. Construction directly  across road is loud.- Dead insect in the bed.- They state marble in the bathrooms proudly. Small and dated  bathroom with a leaking toilet.- Bed is old, carpets are frayed and linen is beyond it.- Room next to us thought it would be nice to play the TV at 2am  for hours and hours.- Asked to book taxi to Paddington station. Driver is probably  associated with hotel and tried to charge us 30 pounds for 5  minute journey! Refused and gave him only 10.- Locks barely work on the doors.- No help with luggage at all.- All awards on the hotel door date back to 2003. No new  awards since then.	
Feb 22 2008	Terrible Experience and it continues......!!	They charged the room twice deliberately, they said there was some operation mistake by their side and two months later they haven`t give us the money back yet. They haven't replied the demands from Visa, from our Bank, or from the Web site in which we booked the room. What a cheek and lack of responsability!!!!!!! PLEASE KEEP AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL AND THESE PEOPLE!!!	
Nov 27 2007	Would't recommend it...to anyone!	The hotel is in great location, just round the corner from the Tube station, but the hotel was a big disappointment for a supposed 4* establishment.On arrival the heating was not on (Late Nov.!!) so we tried to phone the reception to ask for the heating to be turned on. However the phones did not work in any of the rooms apparently. We had to request a additional cup/saucer as there was only one in our room. However when the cup did arrive, I poured my tea in it, only for the saucer to fill up with tea...the cup was cracked. The cream in the room which we used for the coffee came out in one lump!...it was &quot;off&quot;...and this was UHT cream!The room was quaint, old fashioned which we did not mind, however there were cigarette burns on the bedspread and furniture, and blood stains on the chair!!The curtains were a disgusting black colour.The breakfast was acceptable but nothing special (cold buffet only)And to top it all we were awoken by builders across the road working on another hotel throwing rubble down a chute!As you can guess we wil not be returning to &quot;Fawlty Towres&quot; in a hurry.	
Nov 14 2007 	Severely disappointed	On arrival at the Abbey Court Hotel, I was directed to my room on the top floor. There is no lift which is fine but at £169.00 per night I expected a hand with my bag. No chance.I entered my room passing shabby furniture, paintwork and carpets on the way to be greeted by crumbs on the bedroom carpet, an empty bottle of water with its cap discarded on the floor, loose tissues on the dressing table and a bed that had been sat on.The room was too hot and I saw a notice saying to call reception to adjust the heating. However, the phone didn't work! I was disinclined to go down three flights of stairs to get the heating turned down so decided to open the window instead. That was a mistake as it wouldn't shut again and was open all night. To make matters worse, the curtains could not close because of a broken rail.The bed was comfortable but the blanket and 1950's style quilt, complete with cigarette burns, did nothing to reassure me that this was a well cared for establishment. This, together with the threadbare stool and cigarette burned chair was depressing.The shower worked fairly well once the hot and cold had adjusted itself. However, there was no hook for the shower which meant me sitting in the bath holding the shower with one hand and trying to wash my hair and body with the other. Difficult!I was there on business and had too much work to do that evening to spend time raising my concerns at the time. Like others, I will vote with my feet and not use this hotel again. It was an expensive mistake.	
Jun 24 2007 	Wonderful!	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Abbey Court. I wish I would have booked for longer. The room was quiet and very comfortable and very clean. It was really a pleasure to stay. I would highly recommend the Abbey Court to anyone. Thank you, Abbey Court.	
Jun 12 2007 	Not Impressed	Although described as a boutique hotel this is actually a B&amp;B. The location is great but I had the same problems as most others. In summary these are as follows. My room was tiny. There is no air-conditioning and no lifts so I was glad I was only on the first floor. The voile did not reach to the bottom of the window. The toilet handle was broken and the seat would not stay up. Also, the batteries in my tv controller had decayed so I went to |Reception to get some more - they didn't have any and they guy was on his own so his only suggestion was that I went to the shop to buy some batteries if I wanted. So I did.	
May 12 2007 	Perfect for One	In reading other reviews I seriously think some people are reviewing the wrong hotel. (there are 2 Abbey Courts)Except for a couple of minor things I would give this hotel an exceptional rating especially for a woman visitor.one minor thing is the door to rm uses a skeleton key. No security latch inside. At night I would put my suitcase in front of door as an added precaution. the other being the cord for the tea/coffee pot was not long enough to reach the plug from the table. I had to sit it on floor to heat water. However the instant coffee was very good for an instant. and my favorite cookies as a bonus. Walkers shortbread.However the security in this hotel is great, not only do you turn your key in before leaving the hotel, the front door is kept locked 24/7 and you have to be buzzed back in. There is always someone at front desk to retrieve your key from. And everyone I dealt with was extremely pleasant.Yes, the room was small but more than adequate for my needs. During the day I put my suitcase in the closet so the maids would be able to clean room without moving my stuff around. I have no idea as to size of double rooms but a single was perfect for my stay.The breakfast was more than adequate and you are brought your own pot of coffee in a press, and after the first morning when I asked for some hot water as the coffee was a little too strong for me each morning following the attendant brought me a pot made with less coffee. The stairs down to the conservatory are a little steep but I held onto rail and stepped carefully.I would not recommend this hotel for persons with severe mobility problems primarily because of stairs and no lift.I primarily chose this hotel because it was one of the few that actually stated it had a bathtub. actually they are jacuzzi tubs, regular tubs with jets. I usually spent about 1/2 hr every night soaking. ahhh. Nice fluffy towels and washcloths.I booked through their website after a couple of emails (one guarantying me a first floor rm) and got a much better rate than booking sites.about 2 blocks from Notting Hill Gate tube stop with 3 lines.When I arrived my suitcases were taken up to my rm while I checked in and as I checked out the desk clerk asked if I needed help bringing them down.I have also notified the hotel that a couple of websites are listing amenities they do not have.I know this seems like a long review but I wanted to dispel the negative reviews, every one is entitled to their opinion but mine is this was a great hotel for the rate and my needs. If and when I ever return to London this would be my first choice for a hotel (LOL unless I win the lottery)	
Mar 29 2007 	Not a bad place...	I was of course apprehensive when I read some of the scathing reviews on this hotel, however, I decided not to change my plans. I arrived at the hotel early, and the staff was more than happy to let me leave my luggage there while I was out sightseeing. They also allowed me to leave it when I checked out. In fact, I was offered the option of settling my bill on Sunday rather than Monday A.M. as the clerk said it would be faster. I came back to check in, which was very quick and easy, the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. My room was indeed small, very small, but I had expected as much. But, since it was just me, I did not need anything more than a place to sleep and shower. It was very adequate for those puropses. If you are planning to spend alot of time in your room, I would suggest getting a larger room. The room was as neat as a pin, I must say. The bed was comfortable. Just a few blocks from the Lancaster Gate Tube Station, which made travel very easy. I would certainly recommend this hotel for a single person or a student traveling alone. I paid 52GBP per night, which was the most reasonable rate I could find for a single room ensuite. (Did not eat anything there - so can't review food.)	
Mar 18 2007 	False Advertising	My fiancee and I shelled out quite a pretty pound for this place, thinking it was a luxury, 4-star bed and breakfast.Many of the amenities listed on the website as included with the rooms are not actually available, or are in very poor condition. For example, the heated towel racks don't exist, though they're mentioned on the website. When I inquired about this at reception, the response was a puzzled look, a shake of the head, and a long &quot;noo...i don't know what you're talking about&quot;. The &quot;jacuzzi&quot; baths are big enough for one, and the jets were rusty and emitted a foul stench when we turned them on. Not recommended for romance.The service was mediocre, I'd say bordering on unfriendly, and the breakfast was just your basic continental. The complimentary items in the rooms including toiletries, tea, and lukewarm bottles of mineral water, were of the cheapest variety, while the towels were rough and also smelled unpleasant . It seems you pay mainly for the Notting Hill location and for looking at the average antique furniture in the bedrooms. Can do better with your buck somewhere else.	
Feb 22 2007	Dont panic it's ok	I have just stayed one night at the Abbey court and do not understand the bad reviews we found it very peaceful and the staff helpful. The location could not be closer to a tube within easy reach of central london. There is also a very good greek place to eat acorss the road called GREEK AFFAIR. FOR £100 WITH BREAKFAST IT WAS A FAIR DEAL IN CENTRAL LONDON SOMETHING WE BOOKED AT THE LASTMINUTE. Believe me there are far worst places so if you stay here just chill out and expect a good old fashioned B&amp;B at least everything worked unlike some upmarket plasma screens that dont work!	
Feb 18 2007 	One of the worst experiences ever	We had to book a place in a hurry and came over a dropped our things. The price was high 150£. That night we arrived and they still had not brought our luggage to our room. No one offered to help. When we arrived the rooms was filthy, chairs were stained and the whole pace stank of old laundry. It was tiny. We went on the net and found out that they were charging 74£ a night for rooms. So on top of everything they were stealing money from us. We come to London and have stayed many wonderful places from five stars to three and we nevere stayed in a place like this.	
Dec 7 2006 	The staff went above and beyond what was necessary	After a disasterous booking at another hotel, we needed a place to stay for three nights and we needed it immediately. We ended up in a basement room in the Abbey Court. The room needed work, but it was clean and reasonably civilized, and the staff was friendly. The hotel was booked solid the last night of our stay as were many of the hotels in the area. The really nice girl at the front desk continued to call the decent hotels in the area until she secured us a place to stay for the third night. It was a bit expensive, but the room was comfortable and the bathroom was clean. Also, the breakfast, while not the best we had on the trip, was quite good.	
Nov 28 2006 	Shabby and unfriendly	We found the Abbey Court on Tripadvisor and hoped that some of the negative reviews were due to the fact that there are, apparently, 2 hotels with the same name. We want to post this to help others avoid being as disappointed as we were.The price we got was great: 99 or 129 pounds for a standard or better room in what the web site describes as a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; with a jacuzzi tub in a good location, near the Notting Hill Tube stop. The location is good and convenient to both tube and bus.We stayed in 2 different rooms. The dimly lit standard room on the first floor was relatively spacious but the carpet and lower walls were worn and filthy. The jacuzzi tub in the marble bathroom worked well and there was plenty of hot water; it converted to a less than optimal but ok shower. The superior room was on the top (4th) floor with no lift (no one offered to help us with our bags going up) looked less worn, but was smaller, had terrible water pressure, a view of a concrete roof ornament, and very thin walls so we could hear the people next door. Frankly, we couldn't figure out what was &quot;superior&quot; about it. There are also rooms in the basement that we didn't see, but be warned that you might end up there.The &quot;services&quot; were sad. The magazines and self-service pot/cups/tea equipment was a nice touch but the TV set received 3 channels and the free health club pass advertised in their guest guide didn't exist. Breakfast was ok but being in what could have been a lovely conservatory was marred by the unappetizing dead bugs in the draped fabric overhead.We found the tone of the service to be either passive-aggressive or completely disinterested. The advice we received, including directions, was wrong so often that we stopped asking. Of the many staff members we encountered during the 5 nights we stayed, 2 were helpful; we especially appreciated the friendly smile from one of the maids each day and help with our luggage when we checked out by the desk clerk on duty.Over all, the hotel has &quot;great bones' but needs renovation in both staffing and facilities. On the other hand, if you don't mind the depressing atmosphere and can get the rates we had, it is a very good bargain for London. The upside of it all is that because we found the hotel to be so unpleasant, we stayed away from early morning to late evening, and got to see a lot more of London than we had planned. But we wouldn't do it again.	
Oct 20 2006 	if you're desperate only	This is NOT a boutique hotel. The best thing about this place is its the location near Notting Hill tube.Other than that the staff barely speak english and the place feels like you'll die of ricketts if you stay too long. If you are a guest in this country please don't think this is normal.	
Jul 21 2006 	no air conditioning	Just returned from 3 nights at this hotel from 16th July whilst London was going through something of a heatwave Although its listed as a four star hotel, the room had no air conditioning and therefore a large noisy fan provided the only relief against the heat. There was no mini-bar in the room either, thus no way of chilling our bottles of water. The buffet was adequate and served in a nice conservatory dining room. Location is fantastic, less than 2 minutes walk from the tube and close to lots of shops and bars. I would stay here again but not in the summer.	
Jul 20 2006 	Friendly staff in family athmosphere	We stayed for 7 nights in July 06 while record heat in London was climbing every day. However all of the the staff at the Abbey Court hotel remained courteous and friendly at all times. Remarkable!The room allocated was on the second floor (no lift) which was spacious enough for the two of us. While the heat was concentrating under he roof - a fan brought relief. This is quite an exceptional summer! Nice breakfasts plus newspapers are served in the conservatory. ´We´d recommend this hotel to pepple looking out for a convenient location (Notting Hill gate) friendly staff and cozy rooms.	
Jul 12 2006	Unimpressed with The Abbey Court Hotel	We paid £112.00 per couple for 1 nights stay in this hotel. It looks great from the outside but inside its not so good. We were put into a room in the basement which was dark and cold. The carpets and furniture were all stained and the iron left marks on our clothes. The bathroom was tiny and dirty. Overall we were very unimpressed.	
Jul 11 2006 	My home away from home in London	If you are looking for a stylish town house hotel at a fashionable address in London, the Abbey Court has to be your choice. I have exclusively used this hotel for all my business trips to London for the previous 4 years and I can not sing high enough praises. Alain and his team are a genuine friendly and professional bunch. The rooms are in old english style, the excellent breakfast is served in a lovely location. www.abbeycourthotel.com	
Jan 21 2006	Quaint charming comfortable good location	Very much enjoyed our stay at Abbey Court and recommend it to others. We stayed here on the recommendation of a very hip Londoner friend of mine.PROS1) Attractive old Victorian property with lots of old quirks, including antiques in the room, a giant front window, a shelf of books, and attractive old bath fixtures. The bathroom was tiny but was well-maintained and clean. Very comfortable bed. My girlfriend loved the jaccuzi-like jets in the bathtub--a very nice touch.2) Good location on a quiet street in Notting Hill, very near a major underground stop (Notting Hill Gate), Kensington Palace, and Portobello antiques market. 3) Attentive service. We were arriving in the morning from the USA, so the hotel prepared a room for us to check-in early. There was a problem with billing that management resolved promptly. (If the hotel bills your credit card in US Dollars, beware that they mark-up the exchange rate by 3% and do not disclose this mark-up.) The hotel's website is very informative.AREAS TO IMPROVE1) Conceirge service. Notting Hill is noted for its restaurants, but the hotel's front desk could only give us a list. The clerk appeared not to have ever eaten in any nearby restaurants and couldn't make an authoritative recommendation. 2) Internet. There is a computer with internet in the lobby, but the hotel charges 5 pounds/hr for it. This would be a very nice feature if management didn't try to make a few pounds off it. 3) Breakfast. It's adequate but not outstanding: a small table of juices, yogurts, fruit, cereal.Also, the negative review immediately below is bogus. There are three hotels in greater London named &quot;Abbey Court.&quot; Make sure you turn up at the right one.	
Dec 5 2005	Do not stay at this hotel - they will try to steal your money	The management of this hotel is just terrible. They're out to rip people off of their money. Due to unforeseen circumstantces we were not able to stay at the hotel - we had a bunch of flight cancellations and then when we got to London and asked for the address to Abbey Court we were given the address to a different Abbey Court. So needless to say we stayed at a different Abbey Court. But because we had a reservation they proceeded to charge us for one night stay although it was no fault of ours that we didn't make it there. The other Abbey Court close to Paddington Station is so much better. The service there was great and the price for the rooms were very reasonable. Just don't stay at this Abbey Court in Kensington or they may try to charge you for a whole bunch of extra money and refuse to refund your money.	
Nov 13 2005	Great old world charm	I stayed at the Abbey Court with my father for a night and found the hotel to be excellent. OK the rooms weren't the largest but were excellently equipped (tea/coffee making, bottled water, complementary newspaper etc.) and very comfortable. Staff very friendy and we enjoyed a good breakfast in the morning.The place has an old worldly charm which we very much enjoyed in a quiet Kensington Street. Would visit again!	
Nov 7 2005 	don't go there	I stayed in single room for one night (GBP 99.-) and it was old, dirty, narrow, dusty. For breakfast there was almost no choice, just croissant, cheese and jam	
Oct 31 2005 	So Higgins and Eliza	A terrific location, to begin with...in fashionable NottingHill, close to Kensington Park ( and the Palace ). The building itself is a lovely old London townhouse, such as you might see in the flim My Fair Lady. The room I booked was spacious, well appointed, comfortable and also had WiFiaccess. The amenities were plentiful and, as almost de rigeur in English hotels, there was an electric kettle with tea, coffee, the add-ins and shortbread - replenished everyday, too. The breakfast, which is included, is the continental buffet ( with eggs cooked to order available, but with surcharge ), served in a lovely sunroom downstairs. I cannot say enough about the staff - very kind and helpful. The tube is a half block away, with several good restaurants nearby, as well as the usual fast food places, bookstores and Boots ( yippee ).	
Oct 22 2005	Highly recommended	Just a few days ago I came back from London, where Ispent a little over a week at the Abbey Court Hotel in Notting Hill. I'd booked a Deluxe Single room through hotels-london, as I'd found a rather good rate there for bed and breakfast. Although some of the reviews on this website are not that enthusiastic, I feel I have to report my extremely good impression of the hotel and recommend it to fellow travelers. Rarely have I encountered - in London or elsewhere - such caring, attentive, personal service, from members of the staff asking me how I was in the morning, to newspapers delivered every morning in a neat plastic bag hung outside the door, to the nowadays very rare turning-down service in the evening.The hotel is housed in a typical Victorian townhouse in a quiet side street of the fashionable Notting Hill area. There is no shortage of restaurants, cafés and shops, and Portobello Market is just a short walk away. The rooms and common spaces feature antique furniture and prints, and the baths are lovely rose-veined marble, white porcelain and brass. My room had a queen-sized bed, plenty of room for my things in the wardrobe, and something I've always been very keen on - a real vanity table, complete with mirror and stool. One word of warning, though: the hotel may not be suitable for everybody, as there is no lift, and it may be a problem for some people to manage two or three flights of stairs once or twice a day, though of course the staff are only too happy to help with luggage.In short, if you look for atmosphere, relax and individuality, rather than the state-of-the-art level of comfort you can enjoy in luxury chain hotels, the Abbey Court is the hotel for you. I know I enjoyed my stay immensely and would defitely go back.	
Aug 5 2005	Nice surprise	We arrived at this hotel after being moved from another hotel due to problems with their rooms. We were expecting a hotel of equal size (100 rooms) but this had only 21 rooms. Upon check in we were greetly warmly but I was still worrying about the size as it appeared to be just a b&amp;b and the fact it didn't have a bar or restaurant. We were on the top floor so a bit of a trek up 4 flights of stairs! The room itself was a great surprise as we expected it to be tiny but was very roomy. We had a king size bed with quality furnishings. They even had a selection of books and magazines on a table. There was plenty of tea, coffee and biscuits. The bathroom was very nice with marble effect tiles and a spa bath. Only critisism was that there was no shower curtain. I would stay here again. A shame about the lack of bar, but its off the main road in Notting Hill, so plenty of pubs and restaurants to choose from	
Jul 9 2005	Reviews Overstated	We stayed here on the recommendation of our travel agent (she's fired). The room they gave us for $300 plus a night was cramped, very hot and noisy with nothing to look at but a wall. I will say that the staff were polite and when we asked for another room we were shown several others (some in the dank basement) and finally settled on a larger room for a further 40 pounds a night. We had to stay one night in the &quot;closet&quot; they advertised as a &quot;superior deluxe&quot;. As for location this was our first trip to London and we would choose something more central next time. Many of the less expensive hotels I saw on-line at Expedia were better located for sightseeing. This neigbourhood was noisy with late night drunks and revellers and the restaraunts within walking distance were marginal.	
May 4 2005	Abbey Court Hotel [Pembridge Gardens]	we stayed two nights in April at the Abbey Court Hotel by Notting hill Gate. Great location..wonderful friendly knowledgable staff . The manager even walked us to get our bus tickets and showed us where to go. Our room was a decent size, decorated English style, great beds,two chairs with a table to enjoy tea, very pretty, not much of a view,but clean and large bath with a jacuzzi tub [which we so enjoyed after a long flight]Breakfast which was included was served in a beautiful garden setting plenty of fruits, meats, hard cooked eggs, breads, croissants ,cereals, juices. Hot toast and coffee was brought to us and they were more than happy to warm anything else for you too. The only small draw backs were the stairs[although graciously brought our luggage up and down without asking] and we did not have much of a view from our particular room.We also arrived very early and our room was ready.We would highly recommend this hotel and its warm and friendly staff	
Feb 24 2005	A romantic getaway	The Abbey Court Hotel claims to be the place to go for a romantic weekend...and it certainly is! My boyfriend surprised me a few days before Valentine's Day by announcing we were going to London. Not the most romantic guy I expected him to have arranged a run of the mill B&amp;B for us. But he really got it right this time!The Abbey Court was the perfect choice for our romantic weekend - champagne, flowers, the works. And when we wanted some advice about places to go while we were there the staff were really knowledgable.So any boyfriends out there who want to impress their girlfriend...look no further!	
Feb 16 2005 	Pure Romance	I found this hotel on the web and was planning a surprise for my wife for Valentines day, I booked a package at the Abbey Court and WOW, what a wonderful romantic hotel.They thought of everything, it was very very special and was a real treat. From the rose petals on the bed, to the scented pillows, chilled champers and a late departure time, they really had thought this through.Thank you to Susanne at the hotel who was a great help.This is the most romantic hotel and I am now planning to go back again for our anniversary.Paul	
Dec 6 2004 	A real London Gem	After a bad stay at another hotel I checked out and moved to the Abbey Court Hotel in Notting Hill for the rest of my weekend. It was superb. The staff were great, the room was bigger and the decor was just so wonderful, very olde worldy. The breakfast could be a little better, mainly the coffee, but over all it was well worth the £140 a night we paid. I have already booked to stay there again in a few weeks time.Thanks to Alain and his staff for a really good Gem of a london hotel.	
Nov 14 2004	Disappointing	Yes, this hotel is near a tube station and Portobello Rd. but quiet and peaceful? Not at all. Constant door-slamming kept me awake at night and woke me early in the morning. The bathroom was adequate but my room was tiny, drab and very dimly lit. Naturally a photo of it is not featured on their website... In fact, their website is largely a work of fiction. Yes there are Internet facilities but at 1.50 pounds for 10 minutes?! The Internet cafe across the main street charges the same amount for an hour! Very disappointing experience, especially at the rates they charge.	
Oct 26 2004	Wonderful Stay Here	Stayed at The Abbey Court Hotel Pembridge Gardens in July 2004 and found it to be a most comfortable and clean Hotel, with wonderful service and food. It is also so handy to shops and Tube, just a two minute walk to both. Highly recommendable Hotel.	
Apr 8 2004	A romantic retreat in the heart of Notting Hill	We have just returned from an 8-day stay at the Abbey Court Hotel, and cannot praise this wonderful hotel, or its gracious staff, highly enough. While only half a block from the Notting Hill Gate tube station, the hotel is a clean, quiet and charming oasis, and a perfect spot for a romantic holiday. There are dozens of excellent restaurants within walking distance, and the Portobello Road antique market is just around the corner.I was especially taken with their &quot;Continental&quot; breakfast (included in the price of the room) which included ham, cheese, eggs, fresh fruit, pastries, several varieties of cereal, and fresh tea or coffee brewed to order. There was also tea and coffee facilities in the room (replenished daily), along with shortbread and mineral water.The best rates are available from their website 	
Dec 4 2003	A rarity 	We loved this boutique hotel. We found the rooms very clean, tastefully decorated and full of charm. Sure the rooms are smaller than what we get in the U.S but what do you expect? The place dates back from 1830! For business users, this is perfect -easy to reach all parts of London, yet very peaceful for a good night's rest. The staff were exceptional in their attitude and hospitality. There are plenty more places that charge a lot more and offer a lot less. This will be our base in London from now on, for sure.	
Sep 27 2003	Small lovely ... though a few problems	We recently stayed at the Abbery Court for two nights as we travelled around Europe. I would say in general that for the outrageous prices of London hotels that this hotel was on par. The hotel is a small townhouse in a quiet, very untouristy area of Notting Hill. It is very close to the tube, which was terrific. There is really no lobby or public rooms to speak of, other than a tiny reception room and a lovely basement breakfast room. The staff was very professional and kind, and thew breakfast buffet was very nice. However, our room was very small and could stand some new furnishings. The bathroom was small, but seemed to have been renovated recently with a wonderful tub. If you need a great shower, do not come to the Abbey Court. All in all, we had a quirky but overall pleasurable experience at the Abbery Court.	
Jul 28 2009 	?????????????????		
May 21 2008 	Ottimo per Week-End		
Oct 16 2007 	Dunkel  klein und alt für GBP 200		
