Jun 9 2006	Terrible Hotel	Myself and my partner booked this hotel through an online booking company. It was supposed to be a 4 star but we were really disappointed when we got there. Cheap reception, unsavoury people hanging around reception. The room was awful. Hadn't been redecorated since the 80's. The room was tiny and unclean. We were reluctant to stay there. The next morning the shower wouldn't work and the manager spent half an hour in the room trying to fix it. We checked out immediately, rang the booking company and were thankfully given a refund. Only stay here if you really want somewhere cheap and you get cheap rates. Beware!	
May 30 2004	a warm recomendation	the room was small but very clean and with all the necessary facilities- TV, hairdrier, cattle etc. great location; very good breakfast: nice stuff - a great value for your money!	
Apr 1 2004	They even watched over my grandmother!!	Everyone is entitled to their own opinion and every experience is different, but my family stayed here and were treated very well. There were 5 adults (one of which was my 86yr old grandmother) and one child. From the housekeeping staff to the manager we were treated very well. The housekeeping staff even kept an eye on my grandmother (while doing their work) when we went out for long walks that she could not handle. If we needed something extra, they gave it with courtesy and a smile. I was so pleased that I've even recommended it to my sister and her family for their holiday this summer (2004). It's not the Ritz but for a family on a budget, it's clean, it's ideally located, and spacious. For London, that's nothing to snuff at!	
Feb 1 2004	Well I may conclude....	Well, I've stayed in that hotel one night in November 2003....and I have felt exactly the same as the Australien guy. The bedroom was so tiny, there was no real bathroom (well, the toilets were inside the shower....no kidding!!!!), very low water pressure which is classic in London but shouldn't be in a hotel.....I've found that night very ugly, you don't even have 1 square meter to put one foot outside of the bed.....Also there was much noise during the night from the corridors and other rooms, I couldn't close an eye during the whole night. They could at least make serious walls, couldn't they? Well, if you can avoid this place, avoid it!	
Sep 22 2003	a great hotel	before i went to london i saw the bad review that concorde hotel got from the australian guy and i couldnt even think that maybe he is telling the truth because i stayed at that street a year ago and it is a very peacefull street and a good area.so i booked the concorde hotel this time.the staff of the hotel are kind and polite , the hotel is clean , the breakfast is fresh and served with care , the rooms are clean and i had no problems what so ever with the toilet or anything like that.this is not a 5 star hotel but they treat you like it was. PEPOLE !!!! there are no gangs at that area !i got back to the hotel evry night in different hours from the pubs and i havent seen anyone that will even make me think that i am in risk. my girlfriend was with me and she felt safe.I SAY......go to the concorde hotel , the location great and the hotel is great.	
Jul 30 2003	Appalling hotel. Great location but not worth it.	We stayed in a double room at the Concorde Hotel in London for 6 nights in July 2003. We were very UNimpressed with this hotel. Firstly, note that the Concorde Hotel and the Bryanston Hotel are, as far as we could discern, the same hotel. Some guidebooks list the Bryanston Hotel as a &quot;top-end&quot; London hotel - do not be fooled. The hotel is well located on Great Cumberland Place, which runs off Marble Arch/Oxford Street. Close to shopping and the Marble Arch tube station. However, the room was appalling - dirty, very old furnishings, and the bathroom was in bad condition - almost disrepair (e.g. the toilet frequently fell apart). London hotels are generally not great, but this is still below that standard. Staff were generally not willing to help (many could not speak english particularly well). Be careful about personal security at night - there are a number of hotels on the street and it seems that a gang of thugs frequently hangs out in the street. We were literally chased by a thug from the tube station down the street to the hotel. The hotel appears to have little security to deter this - no one on the door to our part of the hotel (there are a number of &quot;lobbies&quot; and only one is staffed, the rest have swipe card access). Upon notifying hotel staff of this near-mugging they didn't seem to care. That sums up the experience at the Concorde/Bryanston Hotel in London. Find somewhere else to stay!	
