Aug 28 2009 	Get What You Pay For.	People may say that this hotel should be better furnished and have a worse rating. I do not agree, we got a room for three people for £78, £26 each. People may complain but if you can find me a better price for a hotel in the center of london i'd like to know where it is. Travelodge and holiday inn etc are more expensive in the center of london and they are of worse quality than somerset house. the rooms were clean, we had a television and a on-suite bathroom (altough basic with a weak powered shower). The Location was excellent, literally a 60 seconds from marlybone station. Everything was clean enougth and service wasnt brilliant, then again what do you expect for so cheap in central london.	
Aug 21 2009 	simple clean and at a great location	You get what you pay for nothing less nothing more..the Location between Baker street station and marylebone station which is great.however the hotel should be r ated as a 1 star hotel not 2 star hotel.	
Jul 24 2009 	More than dissapointed......	Best location for Baker Street tube station. Unfortunately that dosen't cut it. When aproached friendly staff. Thus very obvious that they don't have &quot;heart&quot; in what they are doing. But low pay (we expect) equals staffs quality and attitude in regards to longterm employment.On arrival we where met in the recpiton by to young friendly staff members. The room was ready, arround 2 in the afternoon. Entering the room we found in spacious, and bright.After inspecting the room we found: Smell due to window leak, (we couldn't lock the windows, so we had to carry our valuabels arround with us during the trip) There was access to the room from other rooms on the same floor thru a balcony. This is in all fairness only on teh 1. floor where there is a balcony.The room wasen't cleaned during our stay. Fresh towls on a daily basis, thats it.Duvets where stabled to the matras. No hot water boiler just the tray. TV but no signal.Toilet brush with &quot;leftovers&quot; from earlier guests.The smell of wet carpet whit mold ore sothing like that, combined with the lack of cleaning, not a cosy atmosphere.In the nice and cosy basement, we where stunned by the breakfast selection. Toast and jam, sn som serials and milk. ................................... nothing else.All in all we can recommend the location (which plenty other hotels and B&amp;B can offer in the area) If you book Sommerset Hotel expect a level that is suitable for backpackers that is used to rugged acommodations as such. Familes should choose other places.We have stayed in London 4 times (and other european capitals) and have to say this is certainly not value for money , unless you pay hostel prices, less than 12 £ pr night pr. person.	
Jun 14 2009 	Nice small hotel with great location and friendly staff	I wasn't expecting much based on the other reviews of the hotel and thats why I was pleasently surpriced. The hotel and the room were small and a bit out dated, but very clean and the staff were very helpful. We got all we needed wiht just one phone call. The reception was usually deserted but there is a phone with which you can always contact the staff. The location is very good, we were in London during the Tube strike but we could walk to most places we wanted to see. Breakfast was ok.	
May 27 2009	No frills but GREAT LOCATION	This &quot;hotel&quot; is more like a hostel. Our room had no window coverings, no tv or phone, one electric outlet ( for 4 girls haha) and we had to ask for comforters and a shower curtain. Im pretty sure the staff is a family, they are nice but the service is very slow. I would reccomend this hotel if you are looking to save money but stay in a great location. Also, breakfast is included but I wouldnt really count on that ( It was warm milk and some stale bread in a dungeon-like basement restaurant). The rooms are bare and I would bring my own sleeping bag BUT you are literally steps from &quot;The Tube&quot; which made getting around the city very easy and coming home late at night wasnt a problem. SOO if youre ok with a very minimal room with no entertainment and luxuries but want a PERFECT location, I would stay here!	
Nov 12 2008	Rename this as a hostel	The Somerset should advertise itself as a student/backpackers hostel, not as a hotel. It would avoid a lot of criticism then. The plus factors are its location, its clean sheets and bathrooms and there is plenty of hot water. Most rooms on the second floor are probably OK. Drawbacks are: the room I saw on the top floor was of a wholly unacceptable standard and I refused to sleep in it. There is never anyone in reception - though someone always responds speedily to a call and is polite. I was uncertain about the adequacy of the lock on my door. The breakfast room needs re-decorating. Breakfast is basic but adequate.	
Aug 11 2008 	Terrible	The hotel is very dirty, the bathroom is really terrible! And all stuff that was broken in the rooms during the past years is not getting repaired. The breakfast: you can not name it breakfast, you get two toasts per person, in the dirty basement and you have to search the jam for yourself. The person managing the hotel is not dressed to serve in any public place.This was a terrible experience!!!	
Jul 4 2008 	Filthy disgusting and unsafe	When I arrived at the hotel no-one was about, the advertised Bar/Restaurant is none existent. Carpets and floors filthy, damp walls, huge windows on a fire escape that didn't lock.the staff are rude, unhelpful and I would strongly NEVER RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE!When I complained I was told to go else where and when complaining to Hotels.com they basically said the hotel would not pay them back so Hotels.com would not refund me!I can now see why they take your money up front!	
Jun 15 2008	good hotel.. not bad like some reviews said	I looked at the reviews of this hotel before going and I saw that it had a very bad rep. But after staying there, I realized it wasn't as bad as it is brought up to be. Its simple, clean and at a great location. It is quite old and nothing fancy about, but it's all you need when you're travelling and need somewhere to stay!	
Jun 9 2008	Clean Comfortable Basic Hotel--Friendly 	I was worried when I read some of the negative reviews about this hotel--but we enjoyed our stay. The building is a private home which was converted many years ago to a hotel. Given that, the lower level rooms where the owner lived are larger and more comfortable than the higher level rooms which were probably the servent quarters.The rooms were basic but clean. The building is always locked and you need your key to enter, so the security was excellent. (Don't forget your key when you leave the room or you will be locked out.) The manager, Chris, was friendly and went out of his way to accommodate us. I had some medicine that needed to be refrigerated. They let me use the fridge in the bar area. We ate in the Indian Restaurant one night. The food was good. Breakfast was fine, but since the items didn't vary it did get a little boring.Given the prices in London, I thought the place was a good value. The location was terrific with it's easy access to the underground. There were some nice little pubs, groceries, bakeries, Madame Tussauds and other shopping and eating establishments nearby.I would recommend it.	
Apr 10 2008	Clean Safe 	Just got back from a trip to London sponsered by my son's Honors English class. 10 kids and 5 chaperones. This is a very basic hotel. Don't go looking for extras, you won't find any. If you are looking for a room with clean sheets on the bed and a great location, this is it. My room was on the 4th floor(52 steps), but with all the touring we did, I was only up and down them twice a day. The bathroom was tiny, but clean. I never had a problem getting hot water and the hotel was full over Easter break when we were there. What the hotel lacks in admenities, it makes up for with it's staff. The manager and staff were fantastic. He was pleasant, helpful and took great care of our kids. The kids felt safe, comfortable and right at home. If your're coming to London to do a lot of touring and won't be hanging around much, you can't beat the location or the friendly service.	
Mar 12 2008	do not stay here	One of the worst mistakes of my entire trip to London was staying at this nightmare of a hotel. I would advise anyone to not stay here. The rooms were filthy, doors wouldn't lock properly, and half the light bulbs in the room and hallways were burned out. The basement and lobby area reak of Indian food. Overall, it was one of the WORST hotels I have ever stayed in. Maybe ok for one night but not six.	
Dec 2 2007 	Hated it.	We arrived at the hotel to find nobody on reception and eventually we managed to get some service and were given a room on the 4th floor. (no lift). My wife who suffers from high blood pressure could not manage all the stairs and we asked for another room. We were given a room on the next floor down although I dont think that there were any more than one other couple in the hotel while we were there. The kettle was missing and the staff did not offer to replace it, there was no plug in the bath or sink and the television reception was crap, also the pillows on the bed were as flat as pancakes. The carpets are threadbare and the whole place needs decorating. The breakfast was very basic, just cornflakes and two pieces of toast and the butter was still in the carton as was the jam still in the jar.We tried the Indian buffet at night and whilst the food was good it was luke warm as the place was empty.All in all I would not use this hotel again and I am sure that there is better value in London than this.The only good thing I could say is that the room was clean.	
Jul 18 2007 	Good for budgettravelers	17th to 24th july I stayed in this hotel with a friend of mine.Location:The hotel is closely located to Oxford Street (U just need to know how to walk the right direction and your there within 10/15 minutes) and close to subway station Bakerstreet.IIf you walk the entire Oxford Street, you will end up in walking in PIccadilly Circus street, the street to shop at.Me and my friend was able to walk both streets within one day. So, for me and my friend it was just plain perfect.The hotel staff:The manager (a guy) was extremely kind to us. Explained a few things here and there and wished us a pleasant stay.The cleaners (two ladies) were kind aswel. Hmm, so yeah basically that was the entire staff that I met due my stay there.My hotelroom:We stayed on the second floor in room number 315. There was no elevator, so we had to carry our bags by stairs. Do-able I guess for young people with not that many bags, but definitaly not visitor-friendly for old people with a bad back and many bags.My first thought of the room was; small, warm, decent.Then I looked deeper into it; TV - It snows a lot, not many channels to watchBeds - comfertable but not clean. The sheets were actually dirty and my friend slept on a dirty pillowcase.Towels - You get towels, but don't use them cause their dirty aswel. Just use it to dry your hands and feet with.Our view - the curtains were dirty. I had a lovely 'dead flies' print on it, in other words; it was digusting to see. We didn't really had a view. Bathroom - It was terrible! It's small. But the thing that bugged me the most was, no airconditioning (nor in the room itself). It was an extreme hot periode (17th till 24th july). You can shower as much as you want, it won't work, you will start sweating within few seconds. More must knows;- Your roomdoor is pretty heavy, it will close by itself. You will basically hear a 'BANG!!!!!!!!!' when you don't close it carefully.There was a group of students that arrived closely to night.They were walking in and out their rooms, so I was able to hear some doormusicbanging. It annoyed the hell out of me. The beds were also closely located to the hallway-wall, so you can basically hear everything whats happening out there in the hall. - Your key is a card. You will need that card to enter the hotel and your room. Our card got defect once, so we were stuck outside for atleast 30 mins until we were finally able to get the manager to come and open the door. So, be sure to write down the hotel number just in case that happens to you.Breakfast:Breakfast was included, but it was just a toast (with jam), cornflakes, coffee/thee/orange juice/milk.The breakfast/bar/restaurant is located downstairs in the basement. It does look very lovely. I guess this hotel is ok. I really cannot say I had a terrible stay. It's good for people who has a low budget. I probably wouldn't go back booking this hotel. The rooms of the hotel do desperately need to be cleaned better and an entire facelift wouldn't hurt either.	
Jun 14 2007	Only the Essentials	I am a student who recently stayed at this hotel for 6 nights with a student group. The rooms are incredibly basic...no frills at all. There is no shampoo, soaps, or kleenexes. The manager is a very helpful guy and the Indian Curry Buffet was amazing. Breakfast is very basic, cereal, toast and juice, and only served from 8a-9a, dont try to come down at 905a because you will not be served. We had some concerns about the rooms on the ground floor--the windows had no locks and would be accessible from the outside if someone chose to break it. The amount of steps that we had to climb to get to our room was a lot--if you have any sort of difficulty with stairs I would caution you against this hotel. As there was a large group of us staying at the hotel, you can imagine that water pressure was an issue. Staying in a third floor room, there were two mornings when I could not get any water at all. We also had problems with our key cards becoming demagnitized and not working. The location of the hotel is wonderful...there is a supermarket and tube station just 2 blocks away. The hotel is in a good part of town, though the front desk is not staffed at night. All in all, our experience was not horrible, but I would really only recommend this hotel to student groups or those who will be out touristing all day. I would not want to spend an extended amount of time here.	
Mar 27 2007 	Tou can get a lot better value for the same price	We stayed for a weeknend with some friends at this hotel,by arrival our rooms weren't ready,so we took a little stroll and got back to find our rooms where on the top (4th) floor .One of our friends had a kneetransplant a while ago so we asked to get a room on a lower floor,but that seemed to be inpossible (although did not had the impression that the hotel was fully booked).Out of breath we reached our rooms carrying our suitcases up the stairs (remember there's no lift).Rooms are small but clean,had a problem with the window that didn't shut completely (was later fixed by the manager;nailing it shut) If you expect to find coffe and tea facilities....well all you get is a kettle...On the roomdoor,is marked that breakfast is served from 7.30 till 9,don't go down to the bar where it is served before 8,you will probably stumble into a group of students who are seemed the favourite clientel of the manager,when there done it's your turn.With result messy and dirty tables,no plates enough,no glases enough,no spoons enough,then we got a small pot (conaining 2 smaal cups,reminding we where 4) of coffee,a range of cereals,a small amount of yoghurt servers in a soupplate and some caned fruitsaled,but here again no small bools or spoons.Then they brought us some toast (mouldy) a pot of butter like you by it the supermarket and a jar of jam,hygiencly would have perfered individual portions.Some other guest joined to have their breakfast and our pot of butter and fruitsalad and yoghurt and jamed was just removed from our table to theirs.Don't use the toilet of the bar,it was desgusting.If you want a hot shower be sure to take before 7 because after that you won't get a drop of hot water.If you stay there in the weekend don't count on trying the resaurant because it is closed.Tv is a disaster,not way you could watch it,deformed image and sound,we had no remote our had one but it didn't work.As a frequent London traveler,I could recommend you far better hotels at the same rate.	
Feb 24 2007	Basic but friendly service clean and central	I've just come back from my stay at this hotel (february 2007) and I have no big complaints. The rooms aren't very big but they're very nice for the rest. There was a big window in our room which I liked because it gave a lot of light and fresh air (but you do have to pull hard to get it up). The bed was very good, the sheats and the towels were refreshed every day, the floor was clean, there was a handy closet, the ceiling was very heigh which gave the impression of some more space,... The tv worked, it only didn't have a very clear image. The bathroom was quite small but it had everything we needed. The shower was clean and it worked. Nothing more we needed. The breakfast included orange juice, coffee or tea and some toast with jam and butter or cereals. It's not very chique but the service was always friendly. At the beginning you get a key for your room and for the front door, because the staff isn't always at the hotel I guess.The biggest advantage of this hotel is the area it is situated in! The tube, the railway station and the sightseeing bus stop are all very nearby! Big plus!I'd recommend this hotel. It's basic, but you got everything you need.	
Jan 19 2006	Very basic	Somerset hotel has plain, basic squared rooms. Actually the rooms are very boring. The bathroom is quite small! And it took me an half hour to get warm water.But the sheets of the beds were all clean. And the Bakerstreet tube is very near. It's an OK hotel to stay 1 or 2 nights.	
Jul 17 2005	Friendly service! Would stay here again.	I stayed at the Somerset for two nights in July 2005 with a group of my students. The amenities were exactly what I expected of a European budget hotel: clean but small. The building is very quaint. The Indian buffet dinner in the hotel restaurant was AWESOME!! It was as good as any high priced Indian restaurant in London and I think the cost was only 6 pounds. Breakfast was pretty basic, but good. This hotel also had a convenient location to the Baker Street Tube station with lots of cafes and shops nearby.In terms of service, the hotel manager went well above and beyond the call of duty. Our group was in London on July 7th, the day of the subway and bus bombings. The hotel manager managed to get together a dinner for us when our regular reservations at another restaurant had been understandably cancelled. He answered dozens of calls from parents frantic to speak to their children 3000 miles away. He was kind and helpful during a time when he was so sad about the events in his city. I would stay at this hotel again. They earned by business.	
Apr 4 2005	not bad for what it is	read the reviews and was a bit concernedbut turned out to be great for what it iswe were out all day touring and were happy to come back to a clean secure rmlocation was great very centralstaff were friendlyrms were small but clean and simpletv didnt work great but we were not there for the tvfood in the restaurant was cheap and ok we are not great fans of indian food the only fault was i suppose was that the reception was not manned and you had a sign saying ring 500 for attendace this could be a bit off putting for some people i supposehowever overall if you take it for what it is a cheap bare bones no thrills place to stay and thats what youre looking for then this place will do	
Mar 16 2005	Basic but central	This is more of a private hostel than a hotel but has its uses. The reception desk is not manned. You phone for attention. The front door works with your room key so is always locked. The rooms do not have tea and coffee but there is a kettle so you can provide your own. Televisions work in a sort of 1950s way, snowstorms and bad tuning and breakfast is only available from 8am to 9 am. However, the rooms are not at all bad (avoid the ground floor) and noise levels are low considering the busy road outside. There is no lift, so no good for those with any walking difficulties.This place provides a cheap bed for the night in a central area with no frills and no service. There is a cheap Indian buffet in the basement every night with an &quot;all you can eat&quot; selection that provides very good value. There is a watchable TV in the basement and a computer with web access that's free for the first 15 minutes. This basement room is not available after 10pm. Good for backpackers and students on a budget.	
Feb 28 2005	Ideal location	Although small and basic, this hotel is in an ideal location for theatre. It's like staying in your Grandma's home...small, feels like you're the only ones there...but close to tube station...walking distance to everything in West London. we took theatre students for 9 days, and felt at home. The small rooms didn't matter. Safe location.. not a bad choice unless you plan to stay in the hotel al day! Very quaint, showers a tight fit, but we enjoyed it.	
Nov 9 2004	Not worth the $100.00 US!	Sometimes when you pay $100.00 (U.S.) for a (Single) room, you expect a little...a little bitmore, that is...You know how hotels usually provide little bottles of shampoo? Not here. Need a pen to write something down? Better pack one. Want to wash your hands? This hotel did give you a LITTLE pink bar of soap, but it comes unwrapped. I found it inside the medicine cabinet...and because it was unwrapped, I thought it was used! Also, if you do use this little bar of soap, you better make it last. I expected a new one after house keeping cleaned my room the next day, but they only left me the used one...still sitting wet and half the size...in the shower.With the money they saved on NOT providing soap &amp; shampoo, you would think they could at least vacumn the floor - well not during the three days I was there!I also hope you did not expect to watch any TV in your $100.00 a night room... As my 9inch TV, hanging over the bed, had a broken &quot;Up-Channel&quot; key. I would've used the remote, but the $100.00 room did not come with one...So, I pushed the down button from channel 99, all the way down to channel 1 looking for something to watch. Unfortunately, it runs on an antenna - so the picture on the 3 channels I could get was snowy and had a sound problem (like a busted speaker). Ever heard of cable T.V.? Don't expect it here...They did provide one thin towel, but no washcloth or hand towel. No kleenex tissues were provided, but the extra roll of toilet paper, sitting open on the back of the toilet, was available.My room was a 4th floor walk up, which was hard for me - as I had double knee surgery, and the 66 stairs reminded me all the way up. If you have similar mobility problems, this is not the place for you!Oh, and the room stunk of cigarette smoke...really stunk. I thought I asked for a non-smoking room, and had I not PRE-PAYED for my entire stay (a requirement) - I would have left that first night!!!On the positive side, the Hotel Staff was VERY FRIENDLY! Sadly, this was by far the only good part of the stay! It was a little bit better than my TENT I stayed in during my military deployment to Iraq - but not by much.If I was to do it again, I wouldn't.	
Oct 29 2004	Would not recommend to anyone	I would not recommend this Hotel to anyone. We stayed here for a few days at the start of October 2004. When we arrived we had to ring a bell to get some assistance. He explained our room was not ready and gave us the key for later, that was the last we seen of anyone over the 3 days. The room was small, the bath room looked like something out of the stone age and was terribly unclean. When you flushed the toilet you would have thought the pipes where going to burst.The whole room had a smell and uncleanliness about it I slept on top of the bed in my clothes. It is stated it has modern furnishings I never seen any of them. The colour TV was ok if you only wanted to see one channel no others worked. The whole stay at this hotel was awful.	
May 18 2009	Sowas ekeliges!		
Mar 13 2009	Zentral einfach sauber kein Fahrstuhl		
