Nov 24 2009 	Avoid at all costs!	My friend and I stayed there, though were immediately disappointed. Extremely rude and unhelpful staff upon arrival. Our bedroom was in the basement next to the breakfast room and our beds held up by paint pots. The mouldy shower, aka small cupboard was disgraceful. A great location though it really is worth spending an extra £30 and going somewhere else, couldn't wait to leave!	
Nov 12 2009 	If location is everything then this hotel has everything!	I was working near Oxford Circus, so needed a hotel at the very last minute. Location is excellent, 5 minute walk from Oxford Circus.I only needed a bed for the night, so wasn't too bothered about where I stayed (I will be from now on).The family who run the hotel were very friendly and helpful when I couldn't switch the TV on (Nice LCD Sony).However. the room was so tired. 1980's decor (In fact I don't remember hotels looking this tired in the 1980's)! In the shower, broken tiles had been replaced with non fitting tiles, dirty shower screen etc. I had a sink wash (Which is in the room) as I could not face the shower. No security on the windows, so risky to have open at night, so poor ventilation led to a bad nights sleep.Spend the extra money and treat yourself to the Hilton Metropole or the Holiday Inn, I will.	
Nov 2 2009 	Buy a box 	This place is a disgrace for what it calls a 3* hotel. I had arrived early and expected to leave my luggage with hotel as arranged as room was not ready. I was informed to leave my bag in the reception area with other bags. No security at all. The person behind the desk was unwelcoming. The place looked like a bedsit with torn chairs.The room was on 4th floor. It had a lift but two max could get in it and if you have a wheelchair, forget this place.The whole place is horrible from decor, service and food.The room was very tiny with two very small wardrobes, the sink was in front of the bed for washing and shaving. Grime around taps and hairs. There was a hair dryer which when turned on gave a burning smell. An empty fridge not turned on. Broken cupboard door below sink. No air conditioning but did supply a fan. Very warm at night and fan to noisy to keep on. Shower and tiolet in one cupboard I would call it. had to do a ballet dance to get out of shower and dry off as tiolet is close to shower. Also had soap from previous occupants which had hairs on.Breakfast can only be described as basic. Sat down and served two rashers bacon which were over cooked, one sausage that looked like it had been cooked the day before and a greasy egg plus a slice of toast. If you do not eat any of that then you will have to find alternative eating else where.Checkout was with no thanks at all or was everything ok. Just working on computer and just gave me a dead look as handed key in. No point complaining here. I was glad I had only booked for one night and it needs condemed.Will not be back and the only thing going for this place was the location. Five mins from Oxford circus and Soho.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good location for one night to see a show.	Okay, the hotel is very basic, the furniture is a bit shabby but it was clean, warm and great for the purpose of staying one night to see a west end show (which is what we wanted it for). I had looked at the reviews and found that the more expensive hotels diddn't seem to rate much better. Wouldn't stay here for longer than one night. On the plus side, it is in a good location for sightseeing and the breakfast was served quickly and was well cooked.	
Oct 9 2009 	Awful	Very poor facilities, the shower was broken, hanging down and dripping constantly. Reporting it to Reception made no difference, nothing was done.The breakfast was cold and had clearly been on the plate for some time.Can't be bothered to go on with this. NEVER AGAIN!	
Aug 5 2009 	Awful	I was embarassed to consider what visitors to the UK who were stopping here might think. Too many faults to list. The only saving grace is the adjacency of the Stag pub just up the street	
Jul 29 2009 	Good value if you get the right room location excellent	This hotel (B&amp;B) is located 5 minutes walk from Oxford Circus tube. The rooms are in dark wood and all en-suite. First room I had was not good - 4th floor, and although small, initially the room looked fine, on closer inpsection the loo was cracked and needed a clean, and sheets and pillow had obviously not been changed and still had marks on them. The metal shower rail was hanging off precariously.I think this room had been allocated and unfortunately had been missed to be cleaned. On showing them the problems, reception appeared genuinely apologetic and offered a better room on the first floor. They have flat screen tv's (well at least in the 2 that I saw).This is certainly not the plushest of hotels so dont expect miracles, but it was much better than I expected from the reviews before. We stay in many London hotels and review them and this was basic but fine for a base and they will try to move you if you are not happy. You just need to get the right room. It desparately needs a handy man to fix a few things, but I have frankly seen worse in more expensive hotels.You may need a fan in the room as it tends to get a bit warm even with radiator off and window open - ask reception if they have a spare.The bed was fine and confortable and the pillows fine. It was very quiet and I couldnt hear anything from the next door even though when I went out of my room into the corridor could hear them talking. I would do some research first and see if you can do a cheaper deal with various companies before you book.I didnt have the breakfast so cannot comment - but this comes inclusive with the room - which in London is a bonus.	
Jul 26 2009 	Worst hotel I have ever been in. Run for your life!	I chose this hotel for its great location. I did not expect alot considering the price. HOWEVER, there are certain things you do expect. I had booked a room with 2 beds, and got a room with one. They did agree to bring in a rollaway, which took up every free inch of space in the extremely small room. The rollaway was missing half of the support slats, so I sunk through to the floor. The furnishings were shabby. The toilet would not flush. The shower was broken and hanging down. The housekeeping was skimpy...only leaving one towel for 2 people. There was internet available in the lobby, but some of the keys on the keyboard did not work. What I noticed.....by paying a mere $50 more a night, I could have stayed at the Marriott and been very satisfied. PLEASE, pay the extra money. This place is a dump, and will hamper your whole London experience.	
Jun 18 2009 	Modest but not bad	I have to say that this hotel is not as bad as it is heard from most of the reviewers here. Maybe people have higher standards than me. But for me reading all the negative comments and that I kinda prepared myself for the worst before coming to London. Room was booked through my travel agency as I had a meeting in London for 2 days. I risked and I did not canceled the room after reading this reviews.Hotel is ideally located in the central London and all is reachable fast already on foot. I stayed on the 4th floor which I would recommend. Only for hot summer I would tell you go to 2nd, or 3rd as the temperature can rise on the highest floors. But in the mid of June it was still very good. I would not recommend only the lower ground floors of this hotel as it is true it can smell of curries as there is a kitchen nearby and I can also suspect that the subway in these lower floors can be heard. So my advise ask for 2nd, 3rd or 4th floor and you will be safe. Furniture is rather old but still functional. Room is small (typicaly English) and decent and clean. And I have to say that the mattress is very good and I had a very good sleep, better in other much more expensive hotels. Room has new TV set, with digital tuner (tons of channels), hairdryer, and also a cooking machine for tea. Room was very well cleaned for my second day and I was happy with that. Breakfast is not self service type but prepared and brought directly to you. Go for the cooked breakfast and you will have more than enough food. First impression might be a little bit vague but for my opinion it is modest hotel.	
Apr 29 2009 	Nightmare	The only good thing about the Hallam is the location. It is in need of a complete refurbishment. The owners have a cheek accepting guests until this is done.We and our friends have never experienced anything like this before. In the words of a fellow guest ' it is a shed '. Our friends came back to their room on the 2nd night to find it had not been made up, the bedding piled on the mattress wet through, which had seeped through to the mattress. They waited for over an hour for this to be sorted out and ended up sleeping on 2 single uneven mattresses. We paid £110. per small room, it was not worth £10.Our friends asked for a got a refund for one night which was no less than they deserved. Surely not ENGLISH TOURIST BOARD standard as displayed at hotel. Would post photo's but I am not sure how to tansfer from PC to this review.	
Apr 28 2009 	Paradise of noise in a shabby hotel at ideal location	We have picked the hotel due to its location and after inspecting the pictures published online. The pictures must have been taken a decade ago or photoshoped - the hotel is in run down condition. We were given a room on the lower ground level, meaning, dug below ground and facing the street through a narrow passage. The room is right next to the kitchen and facing the luandry. The personnel was coming at 6 every morning, busy preparing breakfast etc. There were only 6 tables in the breakfast room, so late birds get very late breakfast (which is a story for itself). If this is not enough, unfortunately there is a construction site just steps from the hotel, so pnemuatic drills wish a good morning at 7 am.	
Nov 17 2008 	Horrible experience	The hotel looked ok from the outside, but seemed shabby at reception. My room was very cramped - the double bed just about fitted in. The room was unbearably hot, the radiators did not switch off, but at least I could open the windows. The carpet was stained, and the bed linen was grubby-looking. The sink was in the main bedroon, not in the bathroom. All furniture looked very cheap, worn and shabby.The shower was hanging off the wall, and there was a pool of stagnant water in the base where the water was not draining out properly.The breakfast was adequate - just about.For £105/night I did expect a bit more than I got. (evening meal?)Needless to say I will never stay here again, and would not reccomend.	
Nov 15 2008 	Worst hotel we've ever been in!	This has to be one of the worst hotels we've ever stayed in, especially as it was recommended by a travel agent. I wouldn't recommend my worst enemy to stay here. It smelled of curry from the moment we stepped in the door. We ended up in a basement room beside the kitchen which was subject to the rumbling of underground trains every minute or so. The decoration was shabby, the room's cleanliness was suspect and the full English breakfast was anything but full! You were lucky if you got a greasy egg and a couple of pieces of equally inedible bacon! The only thing we thought would be good was the location, right beside Oxford Street and Broadcasting House, but even this was not great as most of Broadcasting House is presently a huge building site with work going on from early in the morning.All in all an awful place to stay!	
May 21 2008 	Excellent value for price 	After reading the negative reviews on here, I was a little wary about what I'd find at the Hallam. But, for the price and location I was willing to try it out. After my stay, I'm really not sure what all the belly-aching on here was about! For the price, the Hallam is excellent. The rooms are small, well-fitted out and clean. They are hotel rooms -- this is all I expect. Each room had a full bathroom (shower or tub), which is unheard of at this price in London. The breakfast was decent (the sausages could be upgraded, certainly), and the service friendly and fast. I am planning on staying at the Hallam again this coming October.	
Apr 23 2008 	Nightmare	All i can say is,this is a horrible hotel that i've ever been in my entire life.I've been around the world but this was a nightmare.The minute we walk in the hotel we were hit by the smell of stale curry,its really horrible.The Manager as he call himself is very rude,i wondered were has he done his hotel management !!!Room are dirty,everything about that hotel is a disasterSo i wouldnt advise anyone to go to this hotel at all.thers some better hotel that are small and you can feel welcome.We booked because of the location if we new it was going to turn out like this we would have even booked ther,one night for us was enoug	
Mar 3 2008 	Good location - Awful hotel	Great location - just round the corner from Oxford Street TOPSHOPHotel completely awful. No hand basin in the bathroom. Awful and dated interior. Smell of curry all night. Room door practically hanging off.DO NOT HAVE THE COOKED BREAKFAST!! (ask for toast and egg, only thing edible)Ok for max 1 night stay - as the bathroom is too revolting to take a shower	
Feb 13 2008	Same old Hallam	Oh dear. I hadn’t stayed here in a while and was hoping it might have improved, but it hasn’t. Well, the room had a newish flat-screen TV, but that’s about it. The cheapest, most dated, worn-out furniture you’ve ever seen, paper-thin walls and – nice touch – curtains hanging off the rail. The only thing this place has going for it is location: if you’re going to be out all day and just want a place to sleep and nothing else, then fine. The fact that it’s ‘cheap’ at £70 a night says more about the ridiculous price of accommodation in London than anything else. If it was any other city in the world it would be half that.	
Nov 29 2007 	fab choice FAB location	small hotel, but not bad at all. my friend and i had a large room (by european standards) with comfy beds. the location was absolutely amazing. the walk to oxford and regent (the oxford st. tube stop) was quick. the staff was nice and accomodating (we arrived a few hours before we were able to check in, so they allowed us to leave all of our luggage in the small loby while we walked to topshop and miss selfridge to shop, and they were great in helping us get a cab to take us back to heathrow when we were leaving). the only thing i wasn't fond of was the fact that when we left the hotel at any time, we were made to leave the room key at the front desk...i got used to it, though. this isn't a ritzy hotel, but for my recent college grad budget, it was everything i could have hoped for, and more. when i go back to london, i'm probably going to stay here again. i cannot stress enough how fab the location was...	
Nov 26 2007	Sent to another hotel	Like many other people experiences...when we got there we were told there was a problem with the room. We were then handed £10 and shipped off to a hotel near Russell Square. I think this hotel takes booking on the basis of location and then sends visitors to quieter Sister hotels.	
Nov 8 2007	A Nightmare	I stayed here on business as it was a cheaper option and close to where i would be working. On arrival i was told the room had not been paid for, even though i had email confirmation. the staff were rude and confrontational. I am a young girl who was travelling alone, i did not expect to be treated this way. the man on reception told me i had to see the manger in the morning to discuss payment. my room was cold, damp, smelly and on the top floor, i wasn't prepared to use their lift! i was quickly interupted by a man who came in, took the heater and sprayed air freshener. the room was below basic and i felt very unsafe, so unsafe i took all my belongings away with me the next day. the breakfast was vial, didnt eat there the next day. the manager agreed the room had been paid for but told me i had booked 2 rooms that i needed to pay for, again he said i would have to come back later and speak to the owner. after aguing very loudly in front of other customers they accepted i wasnt going to pay.over all a hideous experience and i deter anyone from using this hovel, especially women on their own.	
Sep 16 2007 	Wouldn't stay there again unless...	There was a major construction work going on right in front of my windows = noise from 8 in the morning til 6 pm. Okay, if you're not in, during that time... - but very annoying if your'e a late sleeper and want your mornings in &quot;peace&quot;. They offered me another room to the other side, but I had to wait till next afternoon and pack and leave the room I already got, by 11 am in the morning. I was too exhausted to do that, had had very exhausting experiences in the Airport and with the busfare to central London - and I had just packed everything out and was only staying for three days, so wouldn't spent my time on all that packing and waiting for another room. My best advice is: Buy earplugs! Because the construction work had been going on for two years already in one building and now they were building a whole new one next to that... So the receptionist said he reckoned it would take at least three more years before done... Furthermore, the hotel itself was under construction, making a new section of new rooms - right next to my room on the fourth floor (actually it was on fifth floor, but that's another story).Next issue, the hot water didn't work. It was too cold to use the first day, and the next day, after I had mentioned it, it went too hot. It was actually burning! I mentioned that, too, but after coming home 9 in the afternoon to discover it hadn't been fixed yet, I now saw a certain pattern; because the minibar, that I was depending on using as a fridge due to allergy, so I can buy and make my own sandwiches and keep milk fresh etc, hadn't been fixed either. It didn't work from day one, and I of course mentioned that at the same time I mentioned the water... I was going in the theater on the third day and now being on the second without &quot;decent&quot; water, I knew I had to push the hotel in order to fix it NOW. I didn't want to show up with dirty, flat hair or without having taken a decent shower, poor &quot;neighbours&quot; to sit next to me in the theater, if... The hotel did try to make the water, but I had to wait until 1 o'clock in the night, before they finally realised they had to offer me another room - with working water - to shower and wash my hair in. By that time I had gotten a little cranky, I admit... I was tired and had to dry my hair in the mittle of the night, it was four o'clock before i finally could lay my head on my own pillow... And knowing I would have to listen to this noise from the construction works four hours later, wasn't appealing to my &quot;good spirit&quot;...If the hotel get these things to work, the water issue and the fridge AND remember to tell on their website about the construction work, it's a fairly decent hotel. It's small and cosy and very near to everything in central London. The single-rooms are extremely small, but you only feel uncomfortable with that if your'e suffering from claustrophobia or is a XL type. But you wouldn't want to stay too long in these rooms, the bathroom is rather small too, and you have to &quot;press your elbows in&quot; in order to move around in there. The room I got to shower in though, was a &quot;true&quot; double room with a real double-bed and it's own shower, and space enough for it's own washing-basin placed at the end of the bed, a large mirror and lots of space in common. But I don't think the fridge worked there either...	
Jul 4 2007 	ok if you like basic	I booked the hotel for me and my boyfriend for his birthday. I chose it because of its position which was very close to regent and oxford street and to the theatre which we were attending. It was very easily to find, just a short walk from oxford circus underground. unfortuently this was its only saving grace. on arrival, outside there were major construction work going on which was very loud. we were given our key and told our room was on the 3rd floor. there is a lift which was handy although we took the stairs. we only got as far as the 2nd floor as they were redecorationing and there was debris all over the stairs. when I went down stairs they were very apologetic and gave us another room. the room its self was basic. there was clean bedding and towels, kettle and a tv. we were not in there much in the evening and when we returned, it was warm and comfortable. the next morning we were rudley awakened by the decorating staff on the floor above and in the corridor. saying that, the breakfast was sufficient, there was a choice of continental or full english. it was not worth the £90 we paid but was comfortable enough.suitable for friends who are not going to be spending a lot of time in the hotel. not suitable for couples on romantic breaks of for families.	
May 10 2007 	Serious damp problems	I booked the Hallam Hotel on behalf of a colleague for two nights. Upon arrival he was told that his room wasn't ready due to an unforeseen problem, although I called before to ensure that everything was in order. He was given a £10 note and told to get a taxi to a nearby hotel. So far so good. When he returned to Hallam the next day, it's gone from bad to worse... He had to check out at 5am due to a serious damp issue, which involved the bed getting soaked when it started to rain outside. My advice to sum up the experience: avoid this hotel at all costs!	
May 4 2007 	Don't bother	Five ladies booked in for 2 nights. We only managed one night and would not have stayed one if we had not arrived so late. Some rooms really small. All old fashioned and not clean. Some of us did not feel safe in our rooms. We all left without breakfast. Staff argumentative and not helpful. I know it may be central but you would be better off somewhere else.	
Apr 18 2007	Hallam Hotel in London-Poor Choice!	We stayed at the Hallam Hotel in London for 5 nights. from 5th of April until 9th of April 2007. We were very disappointed and decided never go back again to this hotel. Most of all because of the service! We were tempted to book this hotel because of its location. But the Hotel itself did not provide what we paid for. It wasn’t a cheap one too and we regret booking this Hotel. We made the reservation weeks ahead for us and for a few more family members. We were 3 couples. When we arrived one of the couples got a room down in the basement. It was horrible room and smelled so bad and so we asked the reception to change their room but they didn't even though we made our reservation weeks ago. So they decided to go find other hotel because it was impossible to stay there. We were all tiered from our journey and took them all afternoon find other hotel at such a short time. The hallam hotel manager did not care their guests had to leave because of their fault. We had to stay because we could not afford to pay extra money for other hotel at the last minute. Than after wasting half a day of our trip in helping our family member to book other hotel we settled down in our room only to find out in the middle of the shower that it was broken and the water wasn't warm. We notify the reception and they send someone to fix it. The next day the shower broke down again in middle of the shower!!! We asked the reception again to sent someone to fix is as soon as possible and they said they would, only they didn't and didn't let us know. We found out about it when we took a shower!!! When we asked why wasn't it fixed they said they could not get hold to the man who was supposed to fix it but tomorrow it would be fixed for sure. Can you believe this??? We were only for 5 days and they took their time!!! Than at night it was cold and the hit wasn't working so we asked them to turn on the hit. They said they would and we waited...and waited...and when we didn't feel the room was getting any warmer we called again the reception and complained about their attitude toward us so they did us a favor and sent to our room a small radiator which was too small to hit up the whole room. We began to realize that this hotel was a low quality one and there was no point in complaining about the problems we were having to anyone. But when we checked out we told all about our stay in the hotel and about how members of our family had to leave and the manager ignored us flat out!!! He said &quot; thank you for your staying in our hotel&quot; and that was it. He ignored us while talking with him!!! How rude of this men! He completely looked the other way pretending to be busy!!! He was very rude and offensive and for that kind of behavior we told ourselves never go back to Hallam hotel when visiting in London again! It is worth pay the extra money and book hotel that respect itself and its guest. A hotel that it's maintenance works spotless. We deserved to get what we paid for and we didn't. Our advise; don't be temped to book this hotel, its not worth your money by far!!! There are many other hotels near by that are much better that this poor hotel. For example the Astor court just next door. It doesn't worth to spoil up the trip and waste valuable time for accommodation and maintenance problems that can truly spoil your mood over this.	
Mar 5 2007	Handy but no frills	We booked this relatively cheap option for somewhere to rest our heads for one night after a show at the Palladium but somehow I am always disappointed when the basics are not done well. On the o.k side was the location, the size and warmth of the room, a opening window, just about reasonable towels, a working hairdryer, hot powerful shower, spare pillows, and a kettle. (How sad for all these not to be absolute givens) ....On the not so ok side was the charmless, depressing, tired old dark furniture, a broken chair that fell apart when touched, gaffer tape on the wall, grubby mismatched cups, the cheapest tiniest soaps imaginable, no pillow slips on the spare yellowing pillows, a very stained carpet, a view of concrete and tonnes of pigeon poo, and our 'continental breakfast' consisting of the offer of muesli or flakes (not seen) and 1 slice of see-through toast each with one cup of warm diluted cheap coffee dust (no self respecting continental breakfast I know of would not include juice, decent coffee, cheese, ham, a fresh roll etc. If its cereal and toast for breakfast call it that please). This place cries out for TLC, a face lift and a management that doesnt opt for the absolute cheapest of the cheap of everything. Having said that though, if they did, odds on the price would double and so with a heavy heart I say that you pays your money and you takes your choice I guess.	
Jan 24 2007 	Central Cheap but small	This hotel is central, it's is just a few minutes walk from oxford circus. If you arrive by ryanair airport transfers is just walking distance if take Marble Arch Stop. The english breakfast is ok as well but no orange juice.	
Jan 18 2007 	Clean and Cozy Hotel in Amazing Location	I stayed here with my boyfriend for about a week. The staff was friendly, service was good, and our room was smallish, but clean and bug-free. Our bathroom was tiny (just room for a shower stall and toilet), and so the sink was in the main room, along with a small fridge and electric kettle for tea. We also had a TV with 4 channels (but as the British find darts to be endlessly entertaining, I suggest you bring along a good book). The room could use a little fixing up here and there, but nothing major was wrong, and the location was truly wonderful. The tube and Oxford street shopping are just a few blocks away, and there are plenty of cafes and restaurants nearby for easy meals.Have a great trip!Oh yes, and bring along shampoo as well, if you are a woman, (or metrosexual man) and care about such things.	
Jun 3 2006	Not so bad	I stayed here in May 2006 for a few days. The staff is quite helpful and friendly. The location is very good, only about 5 minutes walking from Oxford Circus. You can return even by walk from the city centre (e.g. Piccadily Circus) The lobby, the dining room and the staircase look really nice. For me the only inconvenience was that my room was immensely small, I could hardly find a place for my baggage. So I advise you not get here with huge luggage. But the bed was really comfortable, and only for sleeping it was not bad. The room was cleaned every day, even not perfecltly. As others mentioned, there is already a bit mildew on the shower curtain, if you do not touch it too much, it is not a problem.The breakfast was enough (egg, tomato, bacon, sausage, toast), every day the same, but for a few days it was OK. I had to wait for the breakfast always for only a few minutes. However, the coffe looked like water, worse than in other hotels of England I tried. But there are a lot of places near to take a good coffee. The street is quiet, but you should note, if you cannot sleep well, that a part of the building is directly over the underground thus at night you can feel the room rumbling for a few seconds, every 2-3 minutes. For me it was not a problem, that caused only a very tiny noise. All in all, it was not so bad for that money (about £60 a night), half of the other hotel I stayed before. I did not find a cheaper one in that zone, without finding a better until next time, I would stay here again.	
Feb 26 2006	Hell Hole is right	I stayed here in June 2005. This place is horrible. The staff was very rude. I had ants with my breakfast. I had no hotwater to take a shower one morning. I had to boil water in the kettle to take a sponge bath, luckily I had brought my own washcloth. My room was not ready when I arrived. I made sure to book a hotel that had a lift since I travel with a lot of luggage. The hotel had a lift, but they booked me in the next floor above where the lift ended and I had to lug my overweight suitcases up an entire small flight of stairs. The staff refused to help me with my luggage. The room was very small, and if you stood up in the shower you hit your head on the ceiling. I have traveled for years and never have had to change my hotel in the middle of my stay, until I stayed here. When I checked out they refused to call a taxi, so I had to go hail one on the street two blocks away. Do NOT stay here, it is not worth paying any money for this place.I would recommend Bickenhall Hotel, on Gloucester Place.	
Jun 24 2005	Absolute Crap	I have to agree with the HELLam title line. I stayed for one night (thank gosh) on May 26. I arrived at 12pm and was told that I had to come back at 1 because my room was not ready. I'm not entirely sure what they did in that hour, but it certainly wasn't clean anything. The shower curtain looked like it hadn't been changed since the Boer War, there was supposedly coffee/tea services, but somehow no kettle or coffee maker to use them! Also, there was a tv, with supposedly cable. It wasn't plugged in and once I plugged it it, there was nothing. Just a snowy screen. The sheets were mildewy and stank. I would not reccomend staying at this hotel. I knew it was going to be small, and that's not the problem, but never again. If you're looking for a decent hotel, try Bayswater!!	
Jun 3 2005	Great little hotel	The staff was friendly &amp; helpful. The room was small but adequate. We had a rollaway bed brought in for our daughter so that made it pretty cramped. If it would have been just the two of us, there would have been ample room. There was a refrigerator in the room too which was really nice. The street was very quiet with very little traffic noise and felt safe coming back late at night. The room was fairly clean but rough around the edges - furnishings were a bit worn and the bathroom could have been cleaner - there was a little mold growing in there. The only other thing was that they didn't replace the cups &amp; coffee pot with clean ones each day - they put the dirty ones back in place &amp; it made me wonder if they were dirty when we arrived too. There were plenty of towels in the room, unlike a previous reviewer's comment. We did have to ask for some extra ones for our daughter a couple times, but they were always cheerfully provided with no problems. The breakfast was extremely generous - eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, a tomato and juice. It was more than enough to get you through until supper and tasted very good. There was only one morning when we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table to be ready. The location was great - about 6 blocks from both Oxford Circus and Great Portland tube stations. There were several restaurants close by. I highly recommend the Turkish restaurant on Great Portland - I think the name was Effies? All in all, it was a great value for the money &amp; we would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 1 2005	HELLam Hotel	My subject heading sums it up entirely. We checked in around 9 PM on May 25th for a stay of five nights, and we were out the morning of May 26th. In retrospect, we should have left immediately, late hour or not.The room was on the ground floor just behind the reception area. I had booked this dog in early December, informing them we must have a non-smoking CLEAN room, as one of us has asthma. After dragging and squeezing the luggage through two entry doors, we entered the worst room I've had the unfortunate experience to witness in over 36 years of world travel. The carpeting was stained and filthy, with hair and microbes piled up in the corners. Besides being miniscule, it had a dank odor, which I still am unable to mentally identify. The shower/toilet area was the size of the heads on a sailboat, complete with mildew and mold on the bottom sides. The shower head was broken, so it dangled over the handles. The headboard was velvet tuck and roll, which was quite handy for collecting years of dust in the crevases, which is ideal for an asthmatic. The window was open, and feathers, feces and debris from the local pidgeon convention was a pleasant touch, not to mention the view was over the back alleyway and buildings. If you've seen any classic old mystery movies, the dark alleyway scenes were shot from this window - no doubt about it. The coffee pot was left partially filled with &quot;water&quot; and was unfit to use. Now here comes the clencher....as soon as we'd rectified ourselves to tough it out for one night, about three minutes into the bed, the entire room began to rumble. I honestly thought there was an earthquake for several seconds. This went on for approximately every two minutes for about 2 hours - perhaps longer. Turns out this establishment (or at least our room) was directly over the metro system. The bed was so small, I ended up partially lying on the nightstand, knocking the telephone off the hook, which sent off a dial tone that I mistook for a smoke alarm. In summary, as the old adage says, &quot;You get what you pay for...&quot; If you want a good location, there are three other hotels right in the same area (we went to the Holiday Inn). Our friends stayed at a lovely hotel directly across the street from the Holiday Inn, and paid LESS than what this nightmare charged. Final advice - don't wreck your vacation in a lovely city by submitting to HELL....	
May 15 2005	Absolutely Dire!	This hotel is absolutely appalling. I stayed there with a friend at the end of April 2005. We arrived at 12pm (check in time) to the smell of old, stale curry and were told our rooms &quot;were not clean&quot; We went back at 1pm and were given our keys. The rooms were immensly small and filthy (if the rooms were clean, I'd hate to see what they were like dirty!) The bedsheets smelled musty and the headboard (in my room) was stained. The shower was filthy with mildew on the shower curtain and the sink was the size of a tea cup. Once you have your suitcase in the room there is no room for manoeuvre. Within 30 seconds, we were gone. There was no way we were staying there. For £39 a night, some might argue that it is a good value for money, but it wasn't. You expect some standards, regardless of the price you are paying and this hotel had none. The only good thing about it was location.	
Mar 22 2005 	good location	Great location, friendly staff, good breakfast but the rooms where far from clean, the bed linen was grubby and stained, the shower was full of mold and there were no towles provided at all - not even a hand towel??but for a quick overnight stay not bad	
Feb 28 2005	OK for the money.	This hotel had an excellent location - just a few minutes walk from Oxford Street - and I feel that the hotel was worth it for that really.The bedroom itself was clean but the bath had a leaky shower and didn't look very clean.It was a quiet location, with good breakfast and friendly staff.Decent value for money in London.	
Jan 5 2005	Nice little hotel great location	Great location, just 2 minutes from Oxford Street. Little, but cosy rooms, clean. Friendly staff. Breakfast good (one could choose between continental and english breakfast), but not very flexible (even on New Year's Day breakfast only until 9.30 a.m.).	
Nov 14 2004	Small hotel with great location	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in early November, 2004. Great location near Oxford Circus. Very small hotel. Small but clean rooms with old furnishings. Nice staff. £72 per night with english breakfast included. Good value because of the great location.	
Nov 4 2004	just what i was looking for	Hallam hotel is a great place to stay if you need to be near the centre of london. the single rooms can be very small but if this is all you really need, then you've come to the right place. An extremely comfortable bed, big window, working shower and mini bar, followed by a lovely big breakfast. Couldn't reccommend it highly enough!	
Jul 24 2004	Great Small Hotel in great location	We just returned from a 6 day vacation in London and stayed at the Hallam Hotel in London. The hotel is very small and beautiful kept up on a relatively quiet street behind the BBC headquarters between Portland Place and Great Portland, near Regent's Park. The immediate area is really a great place for visitors. It is close to 3 tube stations and within a short walk from Oxford Circus. The immediate neighborhood has many quality cafes, shops, even a Starbucks. There are many small grocieries, pubs, and cool restaurants within a very short walk. It is close to many embassies and great architecture. We walked easily to Picadilly Circus and Leister Square, the British Museum, and Oxford Street shopping. We also walked to Soho, west end theaters etc., but there was also very close access to public transportation. The hotel room was simple but very adequate, the breakfast was very good with good service and the maid service was teriffic. Although the price in dollars seemed high, the price in pounds 70 per night was quite reasonable for London and that included breakfast and all taxes. After extensive touring we could not think of a better area in which to stay. Also for joggers, the park has many beautiful paths, a small lake, gardens, and it makes a great place to start the day.	
Jul 6 2004	good value	This hotel is really well situated. I went there for 3 nights in February, and I had a good time. I booked a single room, it was really small (about 8m sq.) but there was a bathroom in it! I paid about 50£/nigth but this was correct compared to other hotels you can find in London... humThe street is calm, the decoration of the rooms are correct and nothing looks like the hotel is 300 years old, if you know what I mean.The breakfast is a good value, everything is clean, the rooms are cleaned every days, and the personnel was really nice with me (this can sounds strange in London).Good value for those who travel light and don't want to spend 150£/night in London.	
Jun 10 2004	Good Value	Although room was quite small but serviceable, hotel is exceptionally well located. Full English breakfast is excellent value as it is included in room price. It's not fancy but it's definately good value for London.	
Mar 19 2004	Great value/excellent location	Stayed at the Hallam Hotel March17th for one night, 2 single rooms. The hotel has an excellent location close to BBC, and 5 minute walk to Oxford Circus.Hotel itself is small. The furnishings are good and it's bright and clean.Our rooms were on the top floor, and although small contained everything you need (tv/bathroom/tea/coffee etc).Bed was comfortable and less street noise than most London locations. The place feels more like the b+bs you find in provincial English cities. The breakfast was fine. Overall, this hotel represents very good value for central London and I 'd stay again.	
Apr 15 2009 	un disastro		
Jul 22 2007 	hotel bueno y super centrico		
