	Very good value for money	We spent three nights in a triple bedroom on the bottom floor from the 20th of November to the 23th. We found that the room was a very good size, containing good facilities such as the kettle and a little fridge that was working well. The bathroom was always cleaned and new towels were provided every day. The only small remark was a slight smell of damp probably from the carpet. Other than this, the person at the reception was nice and professional and there was no noise from the other guests, but only some inevitable noise from the busy street the hotel is on. Overall, hotel Dalmacia offered good value for money!We really enjoyed our stay and we are looking forward to coming again!	
Nov 14 2009 	Depressing experience	I stayed in the single room on the first floor for 3 nights and I didn't like it.The room itself is very cramped. The window locks and hinges were broken so the poor little electric heater couldn't cope to keep the room warm at cold nights. By the way, the hotel description said there is central heating. Maybe in the other rooms but this room only had a radiator in the bathroom and it didn't work. The free wi-fi was present but I couldn't connect because their router is configured to work with the newest wireless standards and it doesn't work on the older notebooks.The only good thing is that staff were polite and nice.All in all, I would not recommend staying there. The are better places that cost less and are closer to the tube (e.g. Adria hotel).	
Nov 6 2009 	Nice Clean at decent Price	Hotel located in nice neberhood in which we felt safe to walk at nights.Nearest underground station is ~10min away walking, which is not that bad.Rooms are nice but very small (and this is the reason for 4 starts), we had room on last floor, so w/o elevator this &quot;journey could be very hard for elderly people.Room was clean, we had enough of everything and when we were coming back, it was made again. The stuff is friendly and helpful. We ordered English breakfast which was rich.So all in all for the money we paid ~79pound/night , we got good value for our money.	
Nov 4 2009 	Good for price	Small rooms but clean.We had feather pillows and we asked the manager to change them to a normal ones. We waited the whole night and pillows never arrived. They never said a thing nor apologise.	
Aug 29 2009 	decent	decent location - not far from tube station (hammersmith) but neighbourhood not all that exciting. room's small - what you pay for. shower wasn't great though and found the staff rather abrupt. fine though all in all for cheap central accomodation.	
Aug 16 2009 	Perfect affordable hotel for Central London	A great &amp; affordable place to stay in Hammersmith, London. It's all of 10 minutes walk from the tube, which is in zone 2. The rooms are comfortable &amp; clean with fresh sheets on the bed, but don't be expecting room to sling the cat, because this is London, and for (£75/ £55 a night B&amp;B) what more do you want. This is the best cheap hotel I've come across so far in London, and will no doubt stay here again.	
Apr 3 2009 	Loftus Apartment - Fantastic Accommodation	We stayed in the Loftus apartment in Hammersmith. We arrived at 8.00am and George was kind enough to drive us straight to the apartment (giving us a good guided tour along the way) The apartment was very well appointed, spotlessly clean, our one hiccup was a blocked pipe which was fixed instantly. Close to the tube and bussesand the new Westfield. We would definitely recommend this apartment and most definitely stay here again.	
Dec 7 2008 	Great London B	We stayed one night in a triple room for £90 B&amp;B. The hotel is about equidistant from Hammersmith tube and Shepherds Bush, about 10 minutes walk along Shepherds Bush road. It seemed a nice, safe neighbourhood. Lots of sirens though - police and fire stations nearby. The hotel was basic, but fine - friendly staff, clean room and stairs, well cooked Full English breakfast with OJ and coffee. Extra pillows brought to the room, tea and coffee making facilities, TV and internet access if you want it. I'd read the reviews on Tripadvisor, and chose to ignore the single negative one in favour of the many positives. No regrets!	
Nov 13 2008 	A great find	Finally found a reasonably price, conveniently located, family run London hotel. Rooms were spotlessly clean, adqequately spacious and comfortable, TV (including Freeview channels) worked, all facilities were as advertised and a very good night's sleep. Would recommend.	
Nov 12 2008 	Please never go to Dalmacia Hotel... Worst hotel ever !	Just the worst hotel ever.Rooms are so small you think it's just the cupboard.The bathroom is for midgets, the shower isn't working well, with hard water everywhere. You can't even decide if you want hot or cold water, it just decides itself. When you're having a shower, you put it on hot, you'll get hot water for a minute, and then it will take you by surprise and go to cold water. Just terrible.The TV was not working.The lights were working as well as I'm the Pope.The bed was so hard I can still feel my backache.I'm not exagerating : Dalmacia Hotel is a one-star hotel, not more.And the street is so noisy, you just can't imagine...Well... I think I don't need to say that I won't come back !Worst ever !And by the way, when I explained my problem to the owners, they just started shouting in Serbo-Croat or Russian or something like that. It was funny because they're just a caricature.Oh my God...	
Apr 22 2008 	great place Exelant location and very good price	We stayed 10 nights (2 Adults and 3Y child) in triple room, the place is very clean and in a great location, the room is very small like many others in london, if you need a room only to sleep that is enough . the price is very good and the people are nice and smiling. if you are in london and looking for just place to sleep Dalmacia is great for you.	
Nov 30 2007 	Wonderful!!! The best and cheapest apartment for 4 persons in London!!!	We stayed 5 nights in an apartment in Loftus Road, 4 persons, and it has been better than we expected (we only spent 35€ per night!!). Two clean and new bedrooms (with large windows), comfortable beds, kitchen with washing machine, microwave, dish-washer, boiler for tea, and all the things you need do cook. There also was a large sofa (black full-leather), tv, and a soft wall-to-wall-carpet in both bedrooms!! The bathroom was clean and tidy, with shower, wc and basin (also a window).The flat was in a quiet street distant only 5 minutes to Sheperd's Bush subway station, so we easily took the undergound everyday. Near the flat there are supermarket opened 24hours a day, blockbuster, bars, pubs and bus stops.In conclusion, it has been a very nice experience!! Dalmacia hotel and its flats are amazing!!!!Also thanks to all kind staff (they also cleaned and tidied up our rooms during the third day!!)--	
Oct 5 2007 	Great room - cheap price	At £55 for a single room and full english breakfast - great value.Room was clean and well furnished with a fridge and TV and freeview box. The shower room was very compact but nicely tiled and again very clean. I was in room 12, which was one of the basement rooms.Not too far from stations on four different underground lines.This will be my first choice next time I am in London.	
Mar 13 2007 	Utilitarian Delight	The hotel was an all around tremendous deal. The rates were fantastic, and included a great breakfast that also improves cost. The rooms are exactly what they are supposed to be, small, simple, and spartan, but were very clean. This is not a place to be pampered, but is a cheap and clean place for weary travelers to recharge their batteries and get back out on the town... where their money is better off spent anyways. The hotel location is a quick 3 minute walk to the tube, which then opens up all of London to you. With the key provided, guests may come and go as they please at all hours of the day and night, but someone is always at the front door ready to assist. There is a shop just across the street for beverages and things, as well as an Asda (European wal-mart) a few blocks away. The only thing to note is that there is indeed some street noise, but it is simply because there are police and fire departments in the neighborhood, but the street noise didn't bother me in the slightest.	
Aug 10 2006	Lousy 	The room was clean, if you don't mind a musty smell of mold. It was stifling without air conditioning or any kind of fan, and the window opened on to a loud &amp; busy street, from which any of the numerous and noisy passerbys could see into our room, or even enter it if they chose. The bed was rock-hard. Service from &quot;front desk&quot; was non-existent, and distance from Metro stop was a much further walk than advertised. Surrounding neighborhood was seedy and uncomfortable. Not a place that I would ever stay again, and definitely inconvenient to downtown London.	
Jul 31 2006 	Simple but Clean	I stayed at the Dalamcia for 6 nights this past July. The reviews on [------------] were quite accurate: this place is affordable and clean but very simple (no room phones, no a/c, but all rooms have en suite bathrooms). Typical of many European single rooms, the twin bed was small and hard. The bathroom, particularly the toilet, was cramped, and, on two days, the staff failed to restock the shampoo/soap.I had the misfortune of visiting London during a week of record-breaking temperatures. The entire city, including the Dalmacia, is ill-equipped to handle hot weather. Given the lack of a/c, I purchased a small fan, which I stuck in the window at night...without this, I don't know that I could have survived.The neighborhood is Shepard's Bush, which is in Zone 2, and a good 30-45 minutes via bus or tube to the city center. The closest tube station is appr. 10 minutes walking. Lots of small hotels and hostels in an area populated with blue collars and frequented by backpackers. (Fortunately, this also means more affordable eateries, groceries, laundries, dimestores, etc.) The area and street were loud, particularly since I had to leave my windows open at night. (Be sure to bring earplugs.)The eastern-European staff was very polite but limited with its language skills. I did not opt for the traditional English breakfast (at an extra daily fee), and, for better or worse, I paid with a credit card, which added an extra 3% to the total bill.Note well that London is very, very expensive, as are its hotels and restaurants. Given that I was on a budget that mandated a $100US or less per night per hotel room (basically what I paid at the Dalmacia), I don't think I made a mistake; however, in future, I will never again attempt a Europe visit during the summer that doesn't include hotel rooms with a/c.	
Jul 2 2006	A Hotel Without A Phone Don't Bother Calling	The problem is that they only have one phone for the entire hotel. I was calling from the U.S. and tried to speak with my family. A lady answered me saying &quot; ... my computer is down, I don't know what room they are in. Call back in an hour&quot;. But the place has only 14 rooms and I am sure that she could have easily checked. When I called again, she had the nerve to tell my daughter &quot;.... don't talk too long or you'll tie up the phone, this is a business line.&quot; As the saying goes, &quot;.... you get what you pay for&quot;.	
Jun 11 2006	CLEAN a great deal in London	The hotel was extremely clean (something four star hotels in central London don't always acheive), the staff was incredibly friendly. The morning breakfast was great. The food was served promptly and it was nice and hot with all of the fixings you might want. Hammersmith isn't the safest area in London, but the front door to the hotel is locked (you get a key to the front door and to your room) and there was always someone at the front door, even late at night. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London. It's an amazing deal.	
May 21 2006	A nice cheap hotel	We stayed at the Dalmacia for 5 nights in April. I was a bit worried at first as we had been given the basement room meaning you had to ring the bell every time you went back into the hotel but this turned out well as we avoided all the street noise. We had a twin room that well furnished and even had heated bathroom floors, a nice touch. The room was cleaned daily to a high standard and the TV had satellite channels. Breakfast was a bit basic (eggs, bacon and beans) but had continental as well. The staff were pleasant and helpful. I made the mistake of thinking we had booked for 5 nights but I had only booked 4. When it was obvious we were not out by check-out time the staff politley enquired when were leaving. When I realised my mistake I asked if we could stay another night in the same room and they were most undersatnding and charged us at the much lower internet rate we had booked through rather than the standard &quot;walk in&quot; rate. Only down side was the beds were a bit lumpy but overall this is a nice, cheap hotel	
Apr 24 2006	Cosy family run hotel	The room was very clean and nicely decorated. We had a triple room which was a little cramped with the extra single bed. Our room faced the main road which made it quite noisy with the traffic.The breakfast was hearty with full English and continental breakfast options. The staff made us feel at home.The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to Hammersmith tube station. There are 3 lines available from this station which make getting to all the sights of London very easy. There are a number of bars and restaurants along Shepherd's Bush Road if you want to stay local for the night.	
Nov 29 2005	Could not fault the Dalmacia	Have just returned from a nights stay at the Dalmacia - what a pleasant surprise - it is exactly as other reviews said - completely refurbished and tastefully and modernly furnished and spotlessly clean. Bathroom was a little wonder with every facility needed and more - even toiletries. Breakfast was freshly cooked and we were given exactly what we asked by friendly staff.I have never stayed in such quality, low price accomodation and would not hesitate to recommend it. If I have the need, I shall stay there again - it is ideally positioned for the Shepherds Bush Empire which was the reason for my visit.	
Nov 5 2004	Excellent!	The hotel was clean and the staff very accomodating. The room was good size even though it was a 3 bed. Clean bathroom with shower. They cleaned the room and bathroom and made the beds every day. We stayed for 3 nights and sheets even thought not changed every day they were changed once.It's a 10 min walk from Hammersmith &amp;City line and Central line. Also plently of buses to take you where you want. 10 min walk from Weatherspoon's and cinema. Also small shops and pubs.The breakfast is included in the price and the was a choice of cereal, yougurts, jams and a cooked breakfast which was 2 bacon, 2 eggs, beans and a tomato. Not exaclty full, but combined with unlimited toast and all the other bits, more than enough.Only fault I could find is that there was a strong smell from the cooked breakfast coming up to the room every morning, but it didn't really bother me that much.Would definatelly recommend this hotel! Go for it.	
Sep 20 2009 	Ci Ritornerei!		
Jan 2 2008 	Fantastico!!!		
Sep 10 2007 	Pulizia e gentilezza al Dalmacia		
