	Ruined my stay in London	I stayed in the Berkeley Hotel for 2 nights at the end of November 2009. I booked a Junior Suite for self and husband 6 weeks previously and requested an extra camp bed for my 6 year old child. At the time of booking the reservations lady was desperate to describe the entire choice of suites available - I requested a recently-renovated room with no preference for decoration.Upon arrival at 9pm we were shown to a 'tired' suite on the first floor of the hotel by an apologetic young man from reception who announced that there was a wedding party right under our room but that the music would only go on till 1am. ONLY UNTIL 1AM?! After a 5 hour journey and looking forward to ordering room service and getting an early night's sleep this was the very last thing I wanted to hear. Apparently however, all those other suites were now booked and occupied by other people and yours truly had obviously drawn the short straw, despite having booked weeks before. The music really started getting going at around 10:30 pm and in desperation we made a scandal and were moved to a small room on the 4th floor the other side of the hotel. Here, we merely had to contend with the room vibrating every 3 minutes as the Tube trains passed below. I never realised those Tube trains passed so regularly until I had to sleep above the line! This night was offered complimentary I did not get a wink's sleep and would far have preferred to pay in full for a proper room. The next night we were moved to a small suite which was quiet and comfortable, at a discount. I will never go back to this hotel or recommend it to people I like. I was expecting a &quot;top hotel&quot; experience but this is impossible in a place which treats guests so carelessly.Probably this type of experience can happen at any &quot;top&quot; London hotel now which are owned by groups and have a high turnover of foreign staff. Beware when you make your booking, especially if you arrive late in the day!PS: Had a little insect visitor too!	
Oct 24 2009 	Top Notch Service Comfortable Room and Excellent Breakfast	I was fortunate to spend 4 nights at The Berkley with my husband in September. I would highly recommend this hotel. Loved the room - comfortable king bed and chairs,, looking recently renovated, plenty of light for reading and a large newly renovated marble bathroom, with large tub, separate walk in shower and separate enclosure toilet.. All spotlessly clean and high end amenities. Chaise at the end of the bed for putting feet up at the end of the day. Check in was smooth. from the minute of getting out of the cab. Luggage was whisked away and there was no wait for completeing the business side of checking in. The woman who checked us in escorted us straight to the room and made sure we liked everything , offering us tea as she left. WIthin 5 minutes, tea, fruit and cookies had arrived, much appreciated after a long flight. After the snack a quick nap was in order - drapes block out all daylight and the hotel is very quiet - so no problem there!Conceirge recommended a wonderful French restaurant in the area one night, and a small pub just around hte corner form the hotel. It was located just off a main street, on a lane, so the conceirge, rather than have us get lost, walked us around the corner to just a stone throw from the pub. So easy to get around from this location. Steps from the Hyde Park Corner Underground station. A few minutes walk from Knightsbridge shopping. And a pleasant walking distance to the Victoria and Albert museum. I recommend grabbing take out sandwiches, cheese, fruit and wine from Harridges and walking across the street enjoy a picnic in Hyde Park. Breakfast was high priced but as it was buffet style, you could eat so much, lunch could be a lighter meal. Service was impeccable. Don't want regular coffee - just ask for a latte or cappacino. I ordered the buffet with an egg - perfectly cooked each day (except one, where they took it back immediately and redid), enjoyed fresh friut and very good yogurt. There were cereals, muesli, cheese, cold cuts, sweet buns; if you didn't see what you wanted you ask, adn they get it. I'll be back!	
Oct 20 2009 	Overpriced 	We stayed for one night in Sept for our Wedding Anniversary. We had managed to get a “deal” through Amex so the room cost £340.We booked a deluxe king room which on the website looks reasonably modern. On checking in we were given a room on the 7th floor overlooking the church which they appear to have tried to upgrade by sloshing some paint about. The lamps were 1980’s mis-matched, there were white painted (chipped) coffee / side tables and the bathroom may have been marble but again I suspect it was installed in 1980. Even the sofa should have been replaced years ago – all in all it was poor. Because we were only staying one night my husband decided he couldn’t be bothered to have to complain but we at least asked them to replace the worn / crunchy towels with some soft ones – this was done. All in all I thought the room was tired, old and in serious need of a revamp – it was very disappointing and certainly not representative of anything pictured on the website. What is also poor is that when I booked they asked copious questions as to why we were staying and what our preferences were and yet when we checked in the guy on reception asked why we were staying and whether we needed a restaurant reservation. We had in fact booked the Chefs table in Marcus Wareing but again they seemed to have no knowledge of this.Breakfast was terrible – cold food which we had to return. A poached egg on an English muffin was cooked to the point of hardness and presented on a barely toasted wet soggy muffin – can’t they even be bothered to remove the excess water before they put it on the muffin. It was the worst hotel breakfast I have ever had.What should have been an extremely special night was somewhat ruined by the hotel experience although the dinner was excellent.	
Oct 5 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I have stayed at many hotels in London and I must say this is one of my favorites. The service was great and very personal and the facilities excellent. My only complaint from the entire experience would be that the hotel is in need of a bit of a refurb. Not anything drastic, but I noticed a few elements of the hotel, notably in the bathroom, seemed to be a little dated and need of a touch-up. Otherwise, I could not recommend a better place to stay in the city.Must see: pool on the penthouse level!	
Sep 19 2009 	Expensive erratic service but enjoyable stay!	We visited for a romantic anniversary treat. Check-in was prompt and efficient with complimetary soft drink. Our room on the 7th floor overlooking the church was 'gentlemans club' style - maybe a bit 'tired' but cosy and comfortable. Our package included champagne which was there on arrival along with chocolates and fruit and a card from the staff. The balcony/terrace (which could do with a bit of an update/makeover) had a view of the London Eye, Battersea Power Station and a beautifully night-lit Harrods. The small bathroom was well appointed with delicious smelling Asprey products and plenty of fluffy towels. Room service didn't arrive on one occasion but a reminder phonecall resulted in profuse apologies and the arrival of requested tea &amp; biscuits within minutes. Would like to have listened to some music in our room but didn't think the £2 charge for an hour was acceptable given the cost of the room! The Boxwood Cafe was fabulous and despite them having no record of our booking, we were quickly seated and enjoyed a fantastic meal. The Blue Bar was wonderful - great atmosphere and friendly, attentive staff. Cocktails were expensive but good and the complimentary nibbles were very tasty. Slight downside is that our requested newspapers weren't delivered to our room but there were plenty of copies around the hotel to read. Waiting staff at breakfast very efficient and friendly and quality of food was excellent. Door staff also very polite and welcoming. Would definitely stay again!	
Sep 11 2009 	An Englishman in a Foreign Land	Twenty years ago standards here were immaculate and the staff &quot;old school&quot; english with the Savoy Hotel Group's General Manger resident.To-day the entire internal staff are foreign, whose grasp of english is only 95 per cent native, and who are on their feet constantly as all sorts and shapes pour out of the creaking lifts.A leading &quot;roadshow&quot; hotel - to provide funding for its Irish owner, Duke's and The Goring are what the Berkeley used to be. Best avoided.	
Sep 8 2009 	5* Luxury does not disappoint	Stayed for one night on 5th Sept for our joint 40th birthdays and 10th anniversary. Booked the Weekend Chic break (with a bottle of champagne) and was not disappointed. The staff couldn't be more helpful especially in the Spa. Our room was on the 7th floor with a balcony and view of the church. Although a little 'tartan' in decor it was very spacious and had air-con. The cocktails in the Blue Bar were marvellous (they do a mean Cosmopolitan) and the breakfast in the Carmel Room was sooo filling that we didn't need to eat lunch! We didn't feel rushed to leave the next day and were never told when we should check-out by so we had a dip in the rooftop pool. The whole experience was very relaxing and would love to do it again - budget permitting!	
Sep 4 2009 	I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel.	The experience began with an internet room request from their website. Granted. Pulling up to the hotel- handsome limestone exterior. Approach to valet- excellent. Approach to check in- &quot;its a pleasure ....Mr &gt;my name&lt;'. The room was just what we imagined from their website, the decor was perfect, the balcony was perfect, the Asprey items perfect. I could not find any faults. We did a 10K run in Hyde Park across teh busy street. Cocktails in the Blue Room were pretty cool. We spent some time up on the roof in the pool ,TechnoGym area, and the Steam Room was very relaxing. We had breakfast around the corner but wished we had Room Service since the Knightsbridge Cafe is pretty much a dump. The only item to mention negatively- the exchange rate for August 09 hurt the USD, so it was somewhat pricey. I would return, again- though. Very nice memory.	
Aug 31 2009 	A truly first class stay	Just spent a night at The Berkeley and loved the whole experience. From the dedicated check-in to the luxurious room, this hotel is the place to stay in London. The staff are some of the bext I have encounted and do their utmost to make the stay enjoyable. I would highly recommend this 5* hotel.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great location fab rooftop pool but watch the extra's. overall overpriced.	I sta;yed with my sons on the basis of location to hyde park and the rooftop poolGood points:Great location for Hyde parkgood rooftop poolhelpful conciergeBad points:pool access has restricted hours for childrenwe had a &quot;junior suite&quot; -read that as a room with a couch.breakfast a joke on 2 counts:a) only 2 plain cereals offeredb) GBP29 per person for buffet (children also) that's GBP90 for coffee and toast for 1 adult and 2 teenagers.Next time...Swim in the Lido instead and stay somewhere elseGo for breakfast where the locals go on motcomb st behind the hotel (there is a starbucks hidden awy in there)	
Jul 24 2009 	Top of the Line Hotel	Service was great. Rooms were outstanding for London. Delicious food in 3 restaurants. Adjacent to Hyde Park.	
Jun 22 2009 	Understated perfection...	Beautiful hotel, providing an excellent and high quality service.We had a wonderful stay. The hotel is understated and very chic. Lots of attention to detail and every need tended to.2 things that could have been improved - it could be clearer where to check-in and I found the 'hidden' charges started to rack-up considerably. We paid almost £50 for breakfast - 1 x salmon bagel, 2 x breakfast tea &amp; 8 slices of toast. As an indication, it cost £8 to have the guy deliver it to our room.	
Jun 13 2009 	Every need anticipated!	Beautiful room in a terrific location with top-notch service - ice bucket was always filled before we knew we needed ice! Concierge took care of shipping a poster home for us with a smile. Try the homemade granola at breakfast. Blue Bar a perfect place for a nightcap after enjoyable dinner at the Boxwood Cafe. I see no reason to stay anywhere else in London - highly recommend the Berkeley.	
Jun 4 2009 	Great stay	Second time at the Berkeley and love this hotel. Like another reviewer I agree you only have to ask. Everyone is helpful and always happy to change anything you are not happy with! Every little thing was attended to immediately.Our room was wonderful, well appointed and cleaned well day and night. I requested a number of extras and all came without any hesitation. Shoes cleaned, kettle, adaptors, extra towels, extra soap, changed duvets for sheets and blankets, champagne bucket and ice. Printing for business meetings. It is a very lovely well appointed hotel in an amazing position close to all transport and shopping and of course best restaurants. Will always be a favorite our ours to have a break from our busy family life here in the States.	
May 27 2009 	Perfect location	I had some misgivings about staying at The Berkeley because of its low TA review.After looking at the website and calling the hotel directly i was able to book a junior suite for what seemed like a &quot;reasonable&quot; rate. I say reasonable because hotel prices in London are stratospheric. Thanks to Weak Sterling I was finally able to afford London. Our room on the second floor overlooked a pretty church. Decor was basically Four Seasons esque - modern neutral colors. The bathroom was really quite nice especially the Asprey products. I was surprised not to have a separate tub shower layout though.Service was a little spotty. Most of the wait staff are eastern European and have a little difficulty with English.Please note this is not the &quot;perfect&quot; hotel. We had 2 flat screen tvs in our room that had a mind of their own. The shower leaked far too much water on the bathroom floor and our room at check in took far longer to get made up that i was told.What will make me return is the location. This could not be a prettier area in London. The hotel is not on a main street and has an almost residential feel. Around the corner are some lovely restaurants on Motcomb street including the excellent Amaya.This is my new favorite place in London and deserves to be in at least the top 20 on the ranking.	
May 22 2009	Sublime	I was married at the Berkeley two yers ago and i can honestly say, everything was perfect. The hotel itself is stunning, it's not flash and overstated like many other big london hotels, but elegant and classy. We were given one of the new suites for the night and I can honestly say it was one of the most beautiful elegant rooms i have ever seen, i have yet to see better.	
May 13 2009 	Review of high tea at The Berkeley - go elsewhere for high tea	I did not stay at The Berkeley - this review is just on the Pret a Portea high tea experience at this hotel. Service in the dining and tea area is ATROCIOUS. I don't know how front of desk fared, but if their hospitality servers are any indication, this hotel seriously needs to retrain their staff. Pros: * The cute bags and haute-couture inspired little cakes is something different from the usual high tea. Cons: * The service We had to ask for milk twice, and a waiter forgot my friend's request for honey. One of my cakes was taken away and never came back though the waitress said she would bring it back on a clean plate. When we asked for a fresh pot of tea of the same kind, a waiter said he would just top up the water and we could all share one teapot.We did not pay the full 12.5% discretionary service charge and the manager did not follow up on our dissatisfaction with the service. Stay here if you want to by all means, but go elsewhere for high tea, there are so many other better places in London.	
Apr 9 2009 	What a shame	This break should have been amazing. One of the nicest hotels in London on a special valentine break - the package looked amazing. And would indeed have been amazing HAD WE GOT THE PACKAGE. Our room was disappointing - basically a slightly glammed up Travelodge (and given this was suposedly a Deluxe room it really should have been so much better). The fully charged ipod we'd been promised was nowhere to be seen even after we'd phoned reception. And the selection of romantic valentine movies actually translated into being able to use the usual TV service for free. Most romantic movie Top Gun, followed by Mama Mia. Hmmm. Lunch would surely be better. Lunch was very pleasant. Except it cost £90 for a prawn wrap, a club sandwich and a bottle of Sancerre and 2 glasses of tap water. No sandwich coudl be that good.Breakfast (which incidentally would have cost £30 for a full english had it not been included) was COLD and frankly extrememly mediocre. Although when they complained they were very gracious and insisted we return for a glass of champers. There were just too many things though - such as being told we'd have to queue to get into the hotel bar for a nightcap - there were literally about 10 hotel guests loitering in the lobby waiting to have a drink.!!!! Honestly the whole thing was so uttlerly disappointing it's not even funny. It's a lovely setting and the staff were lovely. But I did feel like I was in a factory on a conveyor belt and really if you are going to charge SILLY prices you do have to deliver. Even my massage was totally totally overpriced. We won't be returning. One did get the feeling that if you were dripping in diamonds and covered head to toe in chanel it might be different....but maybe I'm just paranoid.	
Apr 8 2009 	The Berkeley- Perfect Hotel in London	We were thrilled to be accommodated at the Berkeley as our dates in London changed at the last minute. The hotel is just what you want in the City. The location is perfect, rooms spacious and immaculate and the service always excellent and friendly.The &quot;extra&quot; for me was the wonderful top floor swimming pool. It was a great way to unwind at the end of the day. We can't wait to come back and our search for where to stay in London is over!	
Apr 7 2009 	the smartest and most posh hotel ever...	I think that The Berkeley Hotel in Knightsbridge in London is possibly the most posh, smartest hotel that I have ever stayed in.Admittedly, my perspective is somewhat clouded b the fact that on checking in we were upgraded to one of their suites (the Chelsea) as we had just come from our Civil Partnership ceremony, and they wanted to make the stay more special. And they certainly did.The whole hotel exudes class, style and money from the moment you see it. The decor is modern and traditional all at the same time. The furnishing and fixtures look expensive, and it is all very British (although most of the staff are not!).The suite had a real “wow” factor. It is over 600 square feet big with a hallway, stunning lounge with bar and long desk. Then through mirrored doors into the large bedroom with massive bed, cupboards, mirrored chest of drawers and then through into the glitzy bathroom with large shower, bath with TV, 2 basins and separate toilet. The room has lots of gadgets like fax, free wireless, Nespresso machine, 3 flat screen TVs and a Bose system that you can play your iPod through.We were having our celebration lunch in the Marcus Wareing 2 Michelin star restaurant downstairs and had a champagne cocktail in the bar before. The women staff had beautiful 1940s inspired dresses on and service was impeccable. The restaurant was amazing, and horribly expensive.There is, strangely, no really good bar in the hotel and we actually went to the Oriental mandarin hotel nearby for cocktails in the evening as the bar there is much more trendy and impressive.On the 7th floor is a pool and small but well equipped fitness room. The pool is a good size, 4 foot deep with a room that can retract in good weather.The Berkeley is amazing. Very expensive. Very posh and just a wonderful experience.	
Apr 7 2009 	Treated like a star...	Stayed at The Berkeley overnight. What a wonderful hotel. Beautiful rooms, friendly, helpful, welcoming staff. The breakfast was lovely as was the bar in the evening. I can't rate this hotel enough but I think that the staff made it for me as they couldn't do enough for you.I will definately stay here again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Top-notch accommodation in an excellent location	This was my first trip to the Berkeley and I would go back on a personal trip if cost were not a consideration. As one of the staple business hotels in west London, the Berkeley offers predictable room quality, service, and amenities. The Knightsbridge location is among the most convenient in the city for a variety of purposes: meetings, shopping, visiting friends, even getting back to Heathrow.What I liked the most was breakfast: tasty and served promptly and politely without fuss. What I liked least was the frightening decor in my colleague's room that, thankfully, bore no resemblance to my own: heavy plaid upholstery and curtains, green wallpaper with a horse motif, and heavy green carpeting. To each his own, I guess.	
Feb 25 2009	My new favorite London hotel	I took my mom to London for her birthday and we were looking for a high end hotel in the Knightsbridge/Chelsea area within easy walking distance of the shops and the park. Many of the hotels I've been to in London (the Ritz, the Mandarin) are done in an old-fashioned style with floral prints and antique looking furniture, but the Berkeley is the perfect mix of luxury and modernity (much like a renovated Four Seasons you'd find in the States).From the moment you step into the lobby and see elegant orchids everywhere, to the professional and warm staff who offered us sparkling water or juice before we even sat down to check in, the service was superb. We stayed in a Deluxe King Room with a view of the Church. The room (which had been renovated) was done in soft tones of grey and green, with a full king size bed done with white fluffy duvet and pillows. Each day they brought a small plate of fruit to enjoy, and my newspaper selection was always delivered and waiting for me. The turndown service included slippers by the bed and complimentary sparkling water. And for my mom's birthday, they brought a complimentary surprise of chocolates and Champagne. The blue bar is certainly fun with a great selection of exotic cocktails, though try to be seated in the main area if you want the full experience. As for those who thought it was expensive, it was pretty much on par with every other 4-5 star hotel I have stayed at in London. The only place I felt the service fell flat was at breakfast/brunch. Our waiter was a bit absent throughout the meal, and in the end I had to flag another server for the check. Still, the cappucino did come with a small chocolate with the words &quot;The Berkeley&quot; engraved, softly sitting in the froth. This epitomized the attention to detail we saw throughout our stay. I will definitely be back to the Berkeley. Overall, it was a lovely experience from start to finish.	
Jan 17 2009	Simply perfect!!	We stayed in a fabulous suit (so sweet)From arrival to departure, EVERYTHING and everybody was simply perfect!!! I loved it there.Shopping n location doesn't get better :) Very nice n pleasant experience	
Jan 17 2009 	Close but no cigar	The Berkeley was a break from our normal hotel that we stay at in London. The outside was understated but classical and in a great location.On arrival there was no door-man on duty to take luggage or valet park the car. Check-in was smooth and professional. The staff were efficient and courteous. The room was standard corporate hotel fare, but comfortable, with all the normal mod-cons. The bathroom was a little dated though. The Caramel Room where afternoon tea is served and relaxed evening drinks are taken is comfortable, warm and welcoming, and the staff serve a wicked hot toddy, great after a cold night out at the theatre. The Blue Bar on the other hand is cold, lacking in atmosphere and a little uncomfortable. The pool was a let down. It looks great from the photos, and is tastefully designed, but in reality is small and not very functional. Overall, there is not a lot to distinguish The Berkeley from any number of similar city hotels, it lacks an edge or imagination.	
Jan 7 2009 	Worth returning to	I stayed at The Berkeley in a junior suite for a week from New Year's Eve until early January. To be frank--I probably wouldn't have done it if the USD/GBP exchange rate weren't so attractive right now. But since it was an option that had entered my price range, I was glad to give it a try.The hotel is modern and apparently popular--from the looks of the other guests, there were visitors from America, England, France, Italy, and further abroad. Families and couples were very much in evidence.I had managed to get a smoking room, which was a real thrill for me--I've gotten so used to having to tramp downstairs three or four times in an evening to smoke when I stay at hotels, so this really was a nice treat. At the same time, Housekeeping did such an excellent job that I could hardly tell it was a smoking room at all after they had been through.There was lots of closet space--hangers for both men's and women's clothes, drawers, shelves, and everything else. I used their shoeshine service every night and the laundry service twice, and was very impressed by the quality of both. However, I wish that they, like The Ritz in London, would put long shoe horns and clothes brushes in their closets--I take small versions of these things with me when I travel, but given the quality of most of the suits the other guests and I were wearing, I would have expected clothes brushes to be standard.I never used the concierge properly other than to get directions and book a car from the airport, but I did occasionally speak with them to arrange my wake-up calls--and let me tell you about that! One morning, I asked for an 0700 wake up call with an 0715 reminder. Strangely for me, the first wake up call was all it took, and when they rang again at 0715, I was in the shower. I got out of the shower, dried off, and at 0722 there was a knock on my door from security, wanted to make sure I had woken up! Since I've missed more than one flight in the past through oversleeping, I was really impressed by that--they follow through on whatever you may need.I took advantage of all of the dining options available, but I'm afraid I can't be as enthusiastic about them (though all were good). I had tea in the Caramel Room (entirely unimpressive--go somewhere else for tea), as well as breakfast every day (that was nice--my package included an English breakfast in the price, and they laid out a good spread, and did an excellent job of poached eggs). I also had dinner one night in the Boxwood Cafe (good selection of food, attentive and pleasant service) and in Marcus Wareing (formerly Petrus), where I felt rushed the entire night, and I wasn't inspired by the dishes on the tasting menu. Still, the restaurant is very highly rated, so perhaps they just had an off night. Finally, I had drinks one night at the Blue Bar. I was worried from reviews elsewhere that the place would be packed and I wouldn't get it, but I found a seat quite easily and enjoyed two very well-mixed drinks--hotel bars are often mediocre, but the Blue Bar really did an excellent job of mixing spirits, and makes a mean champagne cocktail. Unfortunately, they closed quite early, which was disappointing.All in all, the service was quite attentive, the room wonderful, the location good, and this may just become my regular London hotel--let's hope the exchange rate stays where it is!	
Oct 25 2008 	Perfect	Having stayed at The Berkeley for many years, I feel that the reviews on this site are not a good evaluation of its charm and sophistication.If you travel and stay in luxury hotels around the world, you will see it normal for a delivery charge in room service, or for breakfast to cost upwards of 30 pounds.The Berkeley is a stylish, sleak hotel with a wonderful selection of rooms. I have stayed in most of them, and would suggest the newer wing, even though the view is not much, they have perfect air con, and the most divine beds and bathrooms.Both restaurants are world class and the afternoon tea is to die for. In regards to staff, The Berkeley is simply first class, they employ the best there is. The Concierge can get anything you ask, and the delightful page boys are at hand to help with anything.Whilst there is no denying that some rooms are a little older than others, if you ask I am suire the staff will find another room. I personally have never had an issue with rudeness.I feel the people that have written the above reviews are not high class travellers and feel that they do not know what they are talking about.Many many hotels around the world charge for using the facilities, especially the pool and Gym. I recently cam back from the Bahamas where its $25 eac h day to use the gym! again that was a 5* hotel.The Berkeley is a perfect place to stay for shopping and exploring London.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Attention from the Berkeley	We kicked off a six-night stay in the UK with two nights at the Berkeley. I was told when we checked in that we had been upgraded to a nicer room on one of the upper floors. It was the floor that the spa was on and quite nice; very roomy, great bed (I had stayed there a few years back and was disappointed that their idea of a &quot;king&quot; bed was two twins pushed together...they've fixed that) and beautiful bathroom. Like many of the high end hotels in London, they had very nice amenities, in this case from Asprey's. We had tea once in the Caramel Room which was very nice and drinks once or twice. It's a great Knightsbridge location with very attentive, polite staff and felt the hefty 350 GBP/night+ we paid was money well spent. Only downside was a phantom mini bar charge that showed up after we returned, but when challenged, the hotel refunded the charge immediately with apologies.	
Oct 19 2008 	The Grand Old Lady of London	At the price point The Berkeley charges (in our case, one night with no food at the hotel -we ate out - and modest drinks from the Minibar, it was still over £500) you except a delightful stay. And yes, there were many things about the hotel that worked very well - but in summary I wouldn't recommend this hotel to others.Check-in was a breeze (I particularly liked the layout of chairs in front of a reception desk), and the Champagne in our room which we'd ordered to be there on arrival had only just been put there as the ice was still frozen. The turn-down service had been good, the room a fair size, and an ironing board was brought up quickly when ordered.So why not the 5* rating? I guess it's just because while the room was comfortable, it wasn't indulgent. There was Krug in the minibar (£75 for half a bottle if memory serves) but unlike other top-end hotels, nothing in there that made you smile. There was plenty of space in the wardrobes but no particular design features that stood out. The TV was flat-screen but no DVD player or selection of movies. The bathroom was OK (only 2 full size towels that weren't replaced at turn-down, only refolded) and while the toiletries were from Aspreys, one body-lotion, shampoo, conditioner and shower-gel were just standard. Yes we were in a smoking room but that was no need for the carpet to smell like an ash tray.If The Berkeley were a person, it would be a Grand Old Lady. Aware of what's going on in the world, trying to keep up, but you can't help but feel that after all this time she's being left behind. And that's a shame because this could be a magnificent hotel (indeed, with a great dining room) if only it realised that being contemporary doesn't mean losing the values that its age and history have afforded it.(Although as to how to keep the whining, precocious, noisy children out of the dining room on a Sunday morning I don't know... And can I please put in a special request for adult chairs with backs in your hotel bar? We're not at Kindergarten now with small, child like chairs in the &quot;corridor&quot; alongside the bar where most people get put. Indeed, in our case, to wait 15 minutes for the waitress to take our order.)Sorry Berkeley... I'm afraid that with competition being the way it is, the only way to keep your customers coming is with great service, passion and wit. And I'm not all together your winning on any of those.	
Sep 24 2008 	Trash hotel...	Having spent some time to find a nice hotel in central London near Hyde Park - the Berkeley was a BIG mistake. I would have expected better for over GBP 300 a night !The room itself was old and run down with a thread bare sofa and old bed. The food was unbelievably poor for the price - for a chicken curry priced at over GBP 25, I would expect the best, not a tasteless microwave meal.DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL - IT IS TRASH !!!	
Sep 22 2008 	Living Nightmare	Rude, obnoxious, horrendous staff. We were booked into the Berkeley by the staff of The Lanesborough as our party had grown by one and they were no longer able to accommodate our booking. When we arrived the doorman and security man just stared at us until I finally had to beckon the doorman over to assist us with our bags. The doorman and security were horrendously rude and grudgingly agreed to assist us. Not only that but I was so taken aback by their blatant obnoxious behaviour I immediately asked to speak to the Manager. He was even worse and dismissed the complaint as a figment of our imagination. The rooms are comfortable and luxurious but the staff are very, very rude. Throughout our 3 night stay the staff were continually rude, lackadaisical and prone to harassing our visiting guests. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone unless of course you can transport the bedrooms to another hotel. I am yet to understand the reason for the inherent rudeness.	
Sep 13 2008 	fantastic weekend	I stayed with my wife and children earlier this month. I had seen the rather negative reviews on trip advisor and was a little concerned. I had no reason to be at all.We arrived by taxi,the door staff whisked away our cases and we entered the hotel. The public rooms are not large or grand but pure understated luxury.That is a phrase that in my view would sum up the hotel.Check in was efficient ,given a complimentary drink and then shown to our rooms.We had 2 interconnecting rooms which where well appointed with excellent bathrooms.There where little presents, cookies and drinks for the kids in the room which was a nice touch. Lovely towels, toiletaries, linen, as one would expect.We ate in Petrus the first night and had the taster menu which was fantastic the only word of warning was we had the taster wine. 8 glasses later I can only vaugly recall the pudding. Somebody did say &quot; you didnt have to drink them all&quot; but hay!Breakfast was very good cold buffet hot served at the table. The quality of the ingredients was apparent.The second night we ate in the Boxwood Cafe. this too was very good. We again had the taster menu and the wine waiter was exceptionally good.The kids meals where a very good. My youngest said the pudding was the best part of London!I have seen some negative comments about the staff. All i saw was a very helpful team from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. We are not the typical guests at a 5 star hotel with our 4 children etc. but where made to feel welcome and looked after very welll. overall a lovely quitly sedate luxury hotel that i would love to stay at again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Living off Petrus' excellence	What a strange hotel this is. The whole family stayed here for one night for my brother's 40th, and had very high expectations, given the price and the occassion.The best bits:Firstly, and I can't stress this highly enough, the restaurants are absolutely excellent. I can't speak highly enough of Petrus, and box-wood is great fun. The staff in the bar are very attentive and the night conceirge is a very pleasant chap. The hotel also has a great location - right opposite the park, and a few doors up from Harvey Nichols and Harrods.The room we finally got (when we had the correct one) was nice. A good view of the church, very quiet, with a great bed and nice bathroom.The bad bits:As soon as you step out of the restaurant into the hotel proper, the experience is very different.Arriving was hilarious. We were wearing T-shirts (since I don't wear a suit on my day off and my sister generally takes off her scrubs after a shift) so the doormen barely acknowledged our existence. No-one greeted us or showed us to reception. We were then treated to a very poor check-in service. The lady on the desk was either very rude, or spoke very poor English. Either way, it resulted in her not listening to (or understanding?) a word we were saying. We were then led to two terrible rooms, carrying our own bags (for £300 per night). One was a single - she repeatedly asked me &quot;you on your own yes?&quot; despite my saying that my girlfriend would arrive after work about 15 times. The other was hilarious once more - there was a man painting the wall - an hour and a half after check-in time! She then proceeded to berate the poor cleaner who tried to tell her (correctly) we were in the wrong rooms. - very unprofessional.Another lady then arrived at the room, and said she was &quot;devastated&quot;, but we were in the wrong rooms. Really?! In the morning, my sister was treated to a lady barging into the room, despite the &quot;do not disturb sign&quot;, when she had just stepped out of the shower.My girlfriend and I then paid £44 for eggs poached seemingly in vinegar (very nasty), two glasses of juice, and (no exaggeration) one slice of toast each.Overall, I would recommend staying at the Four Seasons up the road, and visiting Petrus for the wonderful dining experience!	
Jul 6 2008	extremaly dissapointing	I stayed at the Berkeleys 2 days in June, was about to be there for 4 nights but shorten my stay because this hotel has completly nothing to offer! Vary rude and unfriendly staff! If u dont tip they treat u without respect! Room condition horrible, furniture v old and impossible to sit on as if feels like they are about to break!!!The worst of worst was when i saw 2 discusting insects (looking like cocroaches) passing by my bed!!! What a nightmare!!! Someone should reduce the amount of stars!Verry dissapointing.	
Jun 22 2008 	just doen't work	Very plush on the surface but lots of things didn't work.The superior king turned out to be 2 singles pushed together.We stayed for 4 nights and I list below problems that should not exist in a hotel of this type.1 day the room wasn't cleaned(management didn't apologise they sent the cleaner to do so.)2. On 2 occasions the room not turned down.3. Newspapers ordered but not delivered.4. Leaky pipe and noisy lift kept one awake at night.Other minor niggles which spoilt the overall stay.Would not recommend it.	
May 23 2008 	Luxury in Knightsbridge	We stayed for a night in a one-bedroom suite on the second floor, which had been refurbished. The suite was luxuriously decorated and furnished, and had televisions in the sitting room and bedroom. There was a sofa and armchair, coffee table and desk in the sitting room, with another armchair in the bedroom. There was a walk-in wardrobe which led to the huge bathroom (which could also be got to from the hallway). The bathroom was fabulous, with a very capacious walk-in shower and a large bath framed by faux-marble columns.The Berkeley suffers slightly from being above an underground line, and on the second floor the trains can be heard (and felt): this might not be a problem higher up. Our room also had a rattling fan in the air-conditioning.Lunch in the Boxwood Cafe was relaxed and very enjoyable, with efficient service and good food. Service at breakfast in the Caramel room was a little slow, but there was nothing wrong with it otherwise.The public spaces at the Berkeley are relatively small, but very stylish. The Blue Bar is obviously the place to be in the evening, and is very busy and quite noisy later on.One of the best aspects of the Berkeley is the rooftop terrace, pool, gym and spa. This is very good indeed, and could be a deciding factor in staying here (especially while the Savoy is closed).Overall we were very pleased with our stay, and would be very happy to go back.	
May 9 2008 	Bewitched by the Berkeley	Stayed for just one night as a very special occasion. Oh my goodness. What an awesome experience this was. From the moment we arrived we were treated like VIPs. Greeted at the kerbside and taken straight to our rooms. They were immaculate. Beautiully furnished. We used room service a lot due to one of our party being poorly. We weren't disappointed. Everything was fabulous, from presentation to the quality of the food and the generous portion sizes. We used the roof top pool.... roofless in the beautiful sun it was warm and such fun. Breakfast... what can I say..... fabulous buffet and amazing choice of hot dishes on request. Any negatives? Can't think of one. Oooh the bathrooms have Asprey soaps etc!!! Sooooo nice.	
Mar 5 2008	Stunning	Probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in. Awesome Knightsbridge location. Great staff. Beautiful suite. Very pricey, but if traveling for work, this is where you want to be.	
Feb 13 2008 	I enjoy coming back the the Berkeley	I have been staying at the Berkeley at every trip to London, and it is still a gem of a hotel in Knightsbridge. Quiet, and discreet, the rooms are quite big of London standards, and the amenities (this time its toiletries from Asprey) are quite plush.Again, it is not cheap. Ask for a room facing the church side, and it is generally peaceful. There are not too many choices for eating unlike other &quot;grander&quot; properties, but a must will be glass of a great champagne cuvee at the Blue Bar.Mario, the evening concierge is extremely helpful, and he represents what the staff is like --attentive and very crisp.A plus is that its a stones throw from Harvery Nichols and Harrods. Sloane Street is around the corner....and moreso, its an easy tube stop or cab ride to the sights and sounds of London.I like it because its a great business hotel -- no wifi in the rooms though, but its okay...just cart your blackberry.	
Feb 9 2008 	Lovely room horrible bar	I last stayed at the Berkeley some 25 years ago so was expecting change. Actually, the room was beautiful - much better than in the 80s - with a genuinely 5 star sense of luxury. Quiet, big comfy bed and generous size marble bathroom. What's not so good is the public rooms. The Caramel Room is a dreary, gloomy bar with bad music played much too loud. Service here was distracted and sloppy, though they served a great club sandwich at midnight. Dark, drab wooden panelling and unflattering lighting don't help - very similar decor to the Boxwood Cafe in fact. No wonder it was nearly empty on a Friday night.Breakfast was elegantly served in our room, as well it might have been, given the £16 service charge. Scrambled egg was dreadful and served on a peculiar muffin for some reason; the bacon however was superb.Overall it was good to return, and I'd be happy to come back again. However, what's missing from the Berkeley is the incredible class and style it once had. Sadly, that seems to be the case pretty much everywhere in London now.	
Jan 14 2008 	Lovely hotel and Petrus is fantastic	We stayed in a King balcony room, which had a lovely view over a church. The hotel has a traditional decor; I wouldn't call it outdated. In some ways it's preferable to the &quot;modern hotel&quot; style you see everywhere these days. The Berkeley has about 200 rooms but feels more intimate. My partner used the rooftop pool and said it was fantastic.Service was fine but not exceptional. There was one glitch: we ordered the Financial Times when we checked in. The next morning it wasn't delivered. When we called to inquire about it, we were told the FT doesn't publish on Saturday (not true.) Our newspaper was never delivered -- annoying, as we wanted to read it while eating breakfast in our room. When we were checking out, what did we see? A whole stack of FTs at the restaurant entrance.A standout was the staff at the hotel's restaurant, Petrus, where we reserved one of the private rooms for a dinner for 12. The food was excellent, the service professional and courteous throughout. We even got a tour of the kitchen.This is an expensive hotel, but probably no more than (say) the Four Seasons in New York. There are a number of hotels of its caliber in the Knightsbridge area, and I wouldn't hesitate to stay in this one again.	
Jan 8 2008 	can't justify the price	Our daughter was on a school trip and we decided to spend a long weekend at the Berkeley as a treat - it also coincided with our wedding anniversary.It was May and London was experiencing a heatwave. The first problem was that the air conditioning in our room didn't work properly so the first night was spent sweating and we were unable to sleep (even though they &quot;repaired&quot; it in the evening) The next day we were moved to another room, which was fine, but we were sorry to have had such an uncomfortable night.The second issue was the extra charges - although we were paying a fortune for the room, we had to pay extra for newspapers, use of the pool, and service on top of everything (ie the self service breakfast, the room rate, drinks at the bar!) We felt that a hotel of that standard should not make residents pay to use the pool - I had a spa treatment and still couldn't use the pool for free. We have stayed in many five star hotels and have never experienced these sorts of charges.The Berkeley has a nice atmosphere and is in a lovely location - just felt we were being ripped off. As other writers have stated, we could have stayed at the Dorchester or Lanesborough for the same price.	
Nov 28 2007 	Elegant and Modern	We stayed at the Berkeley for 4 days on business. The hotel is considered one of the best, and the price reflected it. 700 american dollars for a standard room. The room we stayed in had a lovely view of Hyde park, but was in serious need of redecoration. The rooftop pool/spa were fabulous and the service was both attentive and impeccable. Also-it boastsseveral great restaurants-(2 by gordon ramsey) and the uber hipand utterly gorgeous blue bar. You will enjoy this hotel. It is in upscale Knightsbridge. Bring lots of cash.	
Sep 8 2007 	Special but not great value for money	We went here for our wedding night this year, just before going on honeymoon. It was very pleasant, as you would expect of a big-name London hotel. Really stylish retro-chic entrance and reception areas and we loved the old fashioned lift with the seat for two. After exiting the lift on the 4th floor though it was a bit disappointing to find ourselves in much more of a corporate atmosphere. The bedroom was fine, but not overwhelming. The bed was big, the pillows plump and the bathroom gleaming, but there was nothing especially quirky or generous about it (except perhaps the sheer size of the bed). Breakfast was delicious (particularly the eggs Benedict) and the breakfast room exquisite, but for the price you pay for a suite (upwards of 700 pounds a night), you might reasonably expect the breakfast to be included. A sumptuous place, but perhaps not first choice in terms of character.	
Jul 2 2007 	Under whelmed at the Berkeley	May be we got unlucky but our stay at The Berkeley fell way short of 5 star. I stayed here recently with my Mother and heavilly pregnant Sister (8 months) as a special treat.First the Positive bits about this Hotel:1. Great location - opposite Hyde Park, in the thick of Knightsbridge with Harvey Nichols and Harrods on your door step. Very close to two tubes. Fantastic if you like shopping and out door spaces2. Really wonderful facilities, The roof top pool is stunning. There is also a fantastic Spa offering many treatments, although none of us tried these.Now for the negatives:1. Service!!! We arrived at 2:30pm and expected our rooms to be ready. As check in is from 2pm you would expect nothing less from a 5 star with an expensive room rate wouldn't you?. As it happens only one room was. We were told that the other room would be finished and ready in about 15 minutes. So off we went and sat in the one room. 30 minutes passed, we called reception, 'it's nearly ready they said'. In the meantime we asked for an orange juice for my pregnant sister, they said 'we'll be right up'. An hour passed by, no orange juice, no room. I went down to reception ' any minute now' they said. My heavilly pregnant sister wanted a lie down in peace, which she couldn't do with only one room between us! Finally at 4:30pm the other room was ready. We still hadn't received the orange juice! Of course if they'd been honest with us and told us that the room would take a couple of hours then we would've gone out and left my sister to sleep!With that behind us, a wasted two hours, we set off to explore. We had dinner out and when we returned to our rooms noticed only one of them had been 'turned down', as remained the case. I konw this is nit picking but again, at the price we paid and the star rating of the hotel, you'd at least expect the minimum attention. 2. Bills. Our package at the Berkeley included breakfast. We checked at breakfast the following morning about this and was told we could have anything we wanted from the buffet as this was indeed included. So why were we then charged £25 each fro breakfast on check out? This is a matter I am trying to resolve as they automatically debited my card for this amount.3. Room service. It's 5 star so OK Room Service is not going to be cheap. Watch out for this Hotel though as it's shockingly expensive in comparison ot other hotels. No tea or coffee facilities means that you often need to order some up. Our bill for a pot of tea for three was about £30 if memory serves me right! Pay per view movies are £20.4. Rooms. They are a bit anaemic for my liking but that said are large and have lovely bathrooms. I was slightly under whelmed by them and couldn't see much difference between the Deluxe and Standard rooms (we had both). Also taking place during our visit was some upgrading to the Hotel. I do wish Hotels would let you know about this in advance. One of our rooms was on a floor where this was happening and it looked a bit bleak and cheap up there. In summary, for the money I'd never go back there. I'd stay somewhere else in a shot. The Dorchester was offering similar rates at the time. Wish we'd chosen that Hotel instead.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great Summer Hotel	Best hotel in London for sunny summer days!Lovely Knightsbridge hotel with an outdoor roof pool and sundeck. We stayed three days. The weather was great to lay out by the pool, overlooking Hyde Park. It was wonderful.The service is stellar. Room service was delicious and fast. The Spa menu and pool service was great. House keeping came twice a day and replaced all amenities every time.The location is good for shopping, one block from Harvey Nick's &amp; Slone St.The rooms are spacious. Some signs of wear. If you are on holiday and have time to utilize the facilities, stay at the Berkeley.	
May 28 2007 	Friendly Knightsbridge refuge	We had the night of 23 May at The Berkeley; my wife had hospital appointments over two days near by. We have not stayed here before, but have stayed at the Savoy which was under the same ownership until recently.I drove there and arrived at what I thought was the back of the hotel (actually the side). Flustered, I blundered my way in and found the concierge who was brilliant. My car was parked and our bags taken in with excellent good humour. We had a pleasant lunch at the Caramel Room and made our way out for the afternoon.When we got back we were escorted to our balcony room and I was pleasantly surprised with the size and comfort. We had (lovely) tea brought up and made a (late) reservation for the Gordon Ramsey Boxwood Cafe. We had a relaxing swim in the small but serviceable pool followed by an excellent, atmospheric meal. It was an unseasonably warm night in London and I'm not sure the thermostat set to its lowest had much effect. The super king-size double bed was comfortable though and the room seemed commendably quite (fortunatley the churchclock bells opposite did not ring at night).Whilst I can see what some people meant by tired-looking furniture to me it was all comfortable and the main advantage of staying at this sort of place is the service, which is truly excellent. If you don't need or want this then perhaps a Novotel would be more suitable; it's a different product.In summary, I think that our stay was expensive and worth every penny.	
May 2 2007 	Good but not the best	We stayed on night at the Berkeley in 2005. The location was lacking in comparison to other London hotels in this range if you just want to be central. Check-in was smoth and the staff were very helpful and professional though thoroughly impersonal. Our room was on the top floor, quiet, decorated simply and beautifully (with a great TV for 2005; very advanced, I mention this as it is an example of the general quality) and amenities. The bed was not huge and a little hard but comfortable enough. Though the room was on the small side the bathroom was reasonably large. The staff responded to my request for iron and board in minutes. The mini bar was extortionate even at London hotel prices. Breakfast was delicious though scant (£15 if I remember correctly) and the tea was the best i've had. In all a good hotel, no complaints but there are better at this price range, in better locations in London. I would always chooose the Savoy over the Berkeley.	
Apr 16 2007 	Great Hotel in Great Location	Stayed in this hotel during one night in March on business travel in London. Staff very polite, and the check-in went very smoothly. Was guided to my room (booked a king room, but was upgrated to junito suite, which is always nice touch) by a member of the staff. The room, although ageing, was of very good standard, and you could see, that the hotel is ageing well. Beutiful bathroom, and a huge room - I was very nicely surprised. Unfortunately due to other appointments, I did not use nor the room service, nor the famous pool. Next time I stay there, I would definitively have to try to eat at the Boxwood Cafe (one of Gordon Ramsey's restaurant).Breakfast was really good, and served with class. Overall this is one of the best in London - old elegance, style and quality - everything at a price (GBP 350 -\but really worth it)	
Apr 10 2007 	Elegant service	Many years have passed since I last entered The Berkeley. To be frank, the reason for my stay was the fact that The Connaught is closed for refurbishment. My experience of reception was an extreemly helpful receptionist who was most welcoming. My room was spacious, quiet and the bed very comfortable. Service was fast, my breakfast well presented. The radio channels are muddled (no Radio 3) and I would have liked two, not one, comfortable armchairs, instead of a leather lounger. Again, I agree with a previous reviwer, the room could do with some refurbishment. Bathroom excellent. All staff are helpful and pleasant. Yes, I will stay again at The Berkeley.	
Mar 26 2007	Wonderful spot	Just spent 3 nights at The Berkeley. My husband was on business and had arrived earlier in the week. Wonderful spot...we had a very comfortable room with french doors and a cafe table and chairs on a small balcony with view of a church tower and rooftops. Great location. Enjoyed the gym with views overlooking Hyde Park and the rooftop pool/spa is beautiful. Service was excellent. As a previous reviewer noted...you get what you pay for. Had dinner one night at The Box Tree Cafe downstairs...great meal. Only comment to the hotel...the chic Blue Bar permits smoking and since it's right off the lobby, the smoky smell lingers into the next day. Maybe think about &quot;no smoking&quot; to rid the lobby of that scent. Not something you want guests (who are paying big money to stay there) to notice. However, all in all, a great stay at a luxurious spot. I would definitely stay here again.	
Feb 18 2007 	An average experience for a 5* hotel	Stayed here for one night for Valentines Day last week on an Amex 'Winter Warmer' promotion rate of £285 per room per night. On arrival we were kept waiting to check in for an unacceptable time. The rate included a bottle of champagne &amp; welcome gift, neither of which were offered at check-in or mentioned until I raised the issue with them, which was slightly embarassing and unnecessary. I had asked for the champagne to be delivered to our room at 1730hrs, prior to dinner.We were shown to our room, which whilst the bathroom was elegantly furnished with marble, the main area where the king bed was a bit 'tired' with tatty wooden wardrobes. The furniture in the room was disappointing, coupled with a small TV that had 'tinny' speakers. I wasn't really impressed with the quality of the room to be honest, and especially given the room rate I expected a higher standard of decor. If you were considering an English cooked breakfast in bed it would cost £28.00 per person plus a further £4.00 per person (!) room charge. Absolutely outrageous prices, needless to say we didn't indulge the following morning!Before dinner we used the swimming pool on the 7th floor (no charge) which was great and after swimming relaxed in loungers with complimentary water &amp; cups of green tea/mint tea.That evening we returned to our room and waited patiently for the champagne to arrive at 1730hrs, and waited, and waited. I rang them 15 minutes later and was told it was on its way. I also asked about the complimentary gift that was included in the rate. At 1800hrs the champagne finally arrived, not a chilled bottle but one that had been placed in a bucket of ice and when opened we lost nearly half the contents! The gift was a selection of chocolates (very tasty) and 4 satsuma's - very sumptuous for a 5* hotel.....We hurriedly drank our champagne and went downstairs to the Boxwood Cafe (part of the Gordon Ramsay empire) and had an outstanding Valentines meal. Thoroughly recommended!After dinner we went to the Blue Bar and had G&amp;T's (approx £15 each - be warned!), unfortunately Mrs. UKTAdvisor had a slight altercation with a staff member over seating which marred our visit.So in conclusion, would I stay here again - probably not. I found the staff a little too snobby for my liking and the hotel doesn't seem to care about attention to detail and more about creating a false shiny veneer.	
Jan 29 2007 	Top Notch	Took a party of 5 to this hotel for light dinner, overnight and then meeting the following day. Great reception - very welcoming and lots of reception staff - I doubt you would have to ever queue up. Large quiet room elegantly furnished with separate sitting room. We'd briefed the Caramel Room that we had to be in and out for dinner in 45 minutes due to a theatre booking and the hotel met expectations excellently - great quality food very expertly served and importantly all on time. Very efficiently handled the meeting room the following day, serving refreshments and lunch to order. This is an expensive hotel but you tend to get what you pay for in central London - the Berkeley certainly didn't disappoint.	
Dec 10 2006 	Perfect Service	Okay, this hotel isn't cheap but you can see why from the moment you set foot in the lobby. We stayed for just one night in early December. The lobby was small but beautifully decorated for Christmas with a group of white sparkling trees around an open fire and more scented candles than Harrods. There's no obvious check in desk but you needn't worry. Within seconds an impeccably suited member of staff escorts you to a desk where you are seated to complete the formalities. From then on, you know this place has class - even the maids wear suits!Our room was a bit of a bargain for this hotel but even so was very spacious with a small lobby attached leading to the bathroom. Decor was luxurious - no minimalism here - are very upmarket English. The turndown service was perfect with even your complimentary slippers being laid out for you on a foot towel next to the bed. We can strongly recommend the Boxwood Cafe (sort of part of the hotel). A great place for lunch with a metropolitan buzz and good value. The blue bar in the hotel is very good too. It's small so we recommend you go for cocktails before 6pm. If you're over 40, the music cranks up later on (no noise in the rooms by the way).On the downside - no coffee (or water). If your requirement for coffee is bordering on the medical (like mine) the lack of any sort of in room coffee will be a problem. I know you can get room service or go downstairs but even in such an upmarket place, surely a cup in the room isn't too much to ask. Don't expect to use the rooftop pool for free either - £9.75 even for residents.Overall though - a real treat and a great hotel in a great location (Harrods/Harvey Nic's etc etc). Just don't expect to do this trip on a budget.	
Dec 3 2006 	What a let down!!	Just got back from a 1 night stay in the Berkeley hotel. London.And, what a let down!The initial greetings went well, the check in was fine, but when we arrived in the room, we were rather disapointed to say the least. I would say the rooms in the hilton at gatwick look palacial compared to it. Very shabby, and the decor was very poor. The curtains in particular could have come from a 1star B&amp;B in blackpool.No chance of moving to another room, that was a little too much to ask for at reception. Unless of course we upgraded. But having already gone for the executive double, I didn`t fancy throwing good money after bad.I asked the bellhop on the way back up what the difference in rooms were and he said they were mostly the same anyway apart from a little difference in the layouts. After the disapointment, we couldn`t wait to get out of the room and went downstairs for a drink, only to find at 2pm the bar was now closed.Sunday morning at 8:15am the maid actually came in to start cleaning the room!!!! The purpose of sunday was actually to have breakfast and spend some time at the spar, but we packed and went and joined freinds for breakfast at the Lanesborough hotel, 150m down the street. Having stayed at Clarridges, and loved it, (related hotel) We expected more from The Berkeley, which it sadly did not deliver. At £425.26 for the night. exc. breakfast. your better off somewhere your business is appreciated and the decor and standards are maintained.	
Sep 19 2006	Perhaps just perhaps London's finest hotel!	I travel quite frequently to London on business, and once in a while for pleasure. I am at The Berkeley as I write this review and it is difficult to express what a wonderful hotel this is. First, the beds. They ARE that good. Huge and super comfortable. Everything about this hotel radiates genuine, world-class luxury. Yet, somehow, the superb staff make you feel comfortable - at home. The location is perfect - a quick stroll to Harrods and the park. You need to try this hotel for yourself. Nearing the end of a long business trip, here I am, very appreciative that I chose The Berkeley this trip over other fine hotels in London. Is this now London's BEST hotel? It would be difficult to convince me that it's not.	
Aug 29 2006 	Back to its BEST	Three nights without a complaint. We asked for a quiet room &amp; got one. Greta deco throughout.Best of all were the breakfasts, they were outstanding.A lot of money but well worth it.	
Aug 20 2006	Not in the first tier of London Hotels	At these prices one would expect more. A lot more! A five star hotel is supposed to represent the gold standard of world-class excellence. While the facility itself is impressive enough, the service varies from bad to indifferent. A common thread was &quot;indifference&quot; every time we needed something or had a question.A long-anticipated afternoon tea was unpleasant to the point of almost ruining the day. Waiter was rude and unresponsive for no discernable reason. Worse, in my opinion, was my wife bringing the situation to the attention of the manager via e-mail (he was absent this day) and being totally ignored. We don't mind paying high prices for five-star luxury and service. The operative word here is &quot;and&quot;....a little three-letter word we found sorely missing from the equation at the Berkley.	
Jun 9 2006	Palace of a Hotel!	We checked on The Berkeley at TripAdvisor; liked what we read and stayed there for three nights in June of 2006. It is the Palace of Hotels! Location is perfect, we walked almost everywhere. The rooms were divine; bedding was wonderful; restaurants just perfect!	
May 10 2006	Fantastic Hotel and service	Stayed for three nights over a bank holiday weekend and had a great time. Its location is excellent for shopping in Knightsbridge and close to the Knightsbridge tube.Check in was very smooth and we were shown to our extremely spacious room on the second floor with nice view of the church. Decor was a little bland. Went for dinner to Petrus that night which was fabulous but very expensive, £290 for two and only £40 of that was wine. But worth it for a special occasion. Then went on to have drinks in the blue bar, ginger cosmopolitans were great, but again not cheap, think they were £13 each, if only the euro was a little stronger!Had afternoon tea in the caramel room, where the service was great, actually service was great everywhere in the hotel.On our second day we had a message in our room to say that there would be a wedding under our room that night and would we like to be moved in case of noise so they moved us to a fab king bedded suite on the 6th floor with balcony, was a beautiful room.All in all, I can't wait to go back to the Berkeley!	
Mar 3 2006	great service rooms being refurbished and need it	the service here is excellent from the doorman to the barman and everyone in between. no stuffiness that you may expect in knightsbridge but the rooms were definately in need of refurbishment and they were doing this.	
Feb 20 2006	Wonderful experience!	Stayed a long weekend at this wonderful hotel. Booked it through 800 number from USA and was given great help by reservation assistant. Check-in was early and flawless, room was beautiful, bathroom spotless and had tub AND shower! Room service was the best part, food arrived fast, hot and deliciious. Great rate: pay two nights, third night free. Only glich, and this is small, receptionist when checking out tried to charge me for mini-bar items I did not have and made me wait while she looked for receipts. I finally asked what the receipts would prove as I had TOLD her I did not buy the items charged. Petty. However, it did not take away the fantastic weekend. Would go to this hotel in a heartbeat (beats the Lanesborough for service and value by a landslide!!!).	
Feb 20 2006	Very proper!	With my weekend cut short, I had to return to London for a sunday night.Despite living i west London, I had some meetings in the west end on monday, and rather than rummage around an empty fridge at home thought I'd treat myself to night out with some friends and an overnight stay in a decent hotel with a pool.Arriving at the hotel I was met by a ruthlessly efficient doorman and my car valet parked. Check in was straightforward, the receptionist instantly recognised my name and booking, despite never having stayed before.I was upgraded to a junior suite on the second floor. A good old fashioned room with plenty of space, a very large and &quot;old fashioned&quot; bathroom. Like the room however, it was very comfortably up to date where it needed to be.Used the pool. It's not very big, and not suitable for laps. The steam / sauna was better than many.Dinner at Boxwood Cafe was very enjoyable, despite us being very late. Dinner for 3 with an aperitif and two bottles of wine (no desserts) was around £300. Not bad for central London, but still makes me pine for SE Asia.One of the most comfortable beds on the planet. Room service breakfast was exemplary. My order of toast, tea, juice, fresh fruit and yoghurt was just under £40. £4 of which was a yogurt!! Ouch. But the fruit platter(£10 I discovered, very ouch) was as good as the best in asia - and much nearer to home.Check out felt as close to enjoying spending such a mad amount of money on one night in a hotel as I was ever going to get, so no real grudges there.A quick espresso in the cafe/restaurant was, like everything else in the hotel about as good as it gets. But at price. £7 for a espresso (although a double). Not exactly Starbucks.My car had been parked on a resident bay opposite the hotel, and no fuss with the doorman. I guess they keep a sharp eye out for the traffic wardens who plague the area. I travel and stay in alot of 5 star hotels. This one has a style all of it's own. I left feeling a tiny bit proud to be british. And quite a bit poorer!A real treat though.	
Jan 10 2006	Girls night in package	Three of us were booked on this package from Saturday to Sunday. It was excellent, and not to be faulted. From the doormen to the beauty therapists. A truly professional group of people. The goodies supplied as part of the package were excellent, and the room service flawless.A definite &quot;must do again&quot; in the diary......	
Dec 19 2005	Not a 5* hotel	Bit mixed on this review as some elements are excellent ... all staff are great, and the restaurant Petrus is wonderful. One gripe about the service is that the Blue Bar on a Friday night gets so busy that residents cant pop in there for a pre-dinner drink.It is the rooms that let this hotel down, badly. I had a junior suite at £500 a night. The decor is nasty, think 1980s Laura Ashley .. but taste is subjective so I can let that slide. However the elements of disrepair, threadbare carpets, dirty bathroom, stained chairs etc are inexcusable in a 5* hotel in London. And the addition of a 5% service charge to the bill .. service for what exactly ?? A hotel rents out rooms .. therefore a charge of £25 for a receptionist to check me in, a doorman to say &quot;hello&quot; to me, and a rude bouncer to tell me that I cant get a drink in the Blue Bar seems insane.And as for the £6 room service toast (two slices) for breakfast ..... and they forgot the butter !!!	
Oct 21 2005	excellent stay	We stayed at the Berkeley at the end of August. It was a wonderful stay. We had our twin 10 year old boys with us and the hotel was very child friendly. The rooms were nicely appointed, and well maintained with very good amenities. The pool area was nice and they had floats for the kids. There were many families staying there. What really impressed us was the service. They could not do enough for us. Any minor problems we had were quickly remedied. Whatever we needed was prompltly brought to us. All of the staff members were pleasant and helpful. We would stay again on our next trip!	
Oct 19 2005 	Impeccable rooms and service	Everything about our stay was wonderful. When my room wasn't ready after arriving from a flight from the US, the staff invited me to the spa for a shower and relaxation. When it still wasn't ready after that (although not quite yet officially check-in time), they upgraded my husband and I to a junior suite. The room was romantic and covered with red velvet--sounds like a bordello, but really it was elegant, cozy, and spacious. Great balcony. Beautiful bathroom, and even when the shower had some leaking problems the hotel staff quickly jumped on the problem to resolve it. In fact, the service was top notch and wonderfully friendly. And the hotel's location just off Knightsbridge and right in between the Hyde Park Corner and Knightsbridge tube stops, and a block from Hyde Park, made it just perfect. Tea in the Caramel Room (a 'fashionista tea') was great fun, too. Can't wait to return.	
Aug 18 2005	Wonderful choice==great base to explore London	Prices are quite high in London so you might as well have a great room. The Berkeley was recommended to us and what a treat. Lovely terrace, marble bath with deep tub and towel warmers==great bed with duvet and down pillows. A few minutes from shopping at Harrods and a beautiful walk through the park to Buckingham Palace. Staff went beyond the call getting us theatre tickets and dinner reservations. They even had my raincoat transported across town when I left it at a restaurant. Wonderful few days.	
Aug 5 2005	fantastic!!!	Myself and a friend stopped at the Berkeley for 2 nights as a birthday treat, leaving our partners at home to look after the kids so we could have a weekend of luxury and shopping!From the moment we stepped out of the taxi cab it was a fantastic weekend. the concierge helped us into the hotel with our bags and the staff were most helpful.Our room on the 2nd floor although slightly on the small side was nicely decorated, overlooking Hyde Park. The beds were so comfortable and everything was clean and fresh.The marble bathroom was fantastic with a huge bath and power shower over.The only slight gripe I might have would be the fact that the windows in our room didn't open but as i say it is only a minor gripe.	
Aug 4 2005	Reception is great	Dont be fooled,this is a 3 star hotel with 5 star cosmetics.If it were not for the reception and service people I would have never stayed here. Management was terrible and not personable.Fitness center changing rooms were so dirty as the paint was falling off the walls and black mold was growing all over the shower rooms.Blue bar nice,but very small and I found the furnishings old and dirty.Convienient to Harvey Nichols and Harrods but the hotels location Is on the noisiest street in London.	
Jul 9 2005 	My favorite 5-star hotel in London	I've stayed at several 5-star hotels in London in the past year, and The Berkeley is by far the best, on all accounts. The rooms are spacious and well-furnished, the bathrooms, tubs and fixtures are divine, and the hotel is very quiet, even on the Knightsbridge side thanks to double-paned double windows (yes, two sets of double-paned windows!) The last time I stayed I was there for 10 days, and was given a very nice upgrade to a queen suite for a reasonable price (199, if I recall correctly). That's a little more than half of what I've paid for a room 1/2 the size in other hotels in the area. I've even been given similar upgrades on shorter stays of 3 or 4 nights. Of course it probably depends on hotel occupancy, but the seem more generous than other top-end hotels with their upgrade policy. I didn't make much use of the facilities, but the bar is fantastic. Avoid the dining room for breakfast however, unless you fancy paying 25 quid for two eggs and toast. On the other hand, the attached restaurant on the corner, while expensive, is excellent and worth the price.Whenever I return to London on business I will make the Berkeley my first priority.	
Jul 6 2005	Fabulous...Great room Blue Bar Excellent swimming pool divine...	All first class...we got a great deal via expedia...loved every moment...usually use the Mandarin Oriental or the Savoy...this will now be our London home...	
May 31 2005	Great 'Girls Night In' Package!	My friend and I booked a 'Girls Night In' package during the bank holiday weekend for £295 (I think the price has been increased since we booked earlier in the year) and we were surprised at the excellent value for money, considering the room alone would have cost us around £270.The website advertised that the package included a goodie basket including popcorn, maltesers and DVD's but we were surprised at how much we actually got! There was Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream, cocktails delivered to the room from the Blue Bar, a huge bar of dairy milk, maltesers, jelly beans, haribo sweets, 2 types of popcorn, a 3-disc CD of chick flicks, a novel, a full-size Diptyque candle, 5 Bliss face masks and a travel pack from Bliss. We were also given a list of DVD's to choose from to be delivered to the room.The hotel itself was very elegant and the staff helpful. A particularly nice touch was that the person at reception who checked us in showed us all the way to our room rather than handing us over to someone else or pointing us in the direction of the elevators. They were also accommodating when we wanted to leave our bags after checking out whilst we went shopping. Our room was sizeable for a London hotel, although the brightly patterned curtains, bedspread and wardrobe doors weren't to my taste! You can tell that the furnishings aren't new but they still have life in them, it would be unfair to say it was tatty. The bathroom was very large and luxurious. The location of the hotel is excellent, right on the doorstep of Harvey Nichols and a very short walk to Harrods.We had room service breakfast which was reasonably priced - only £20 for 2 x pancakes with berries and maple syrup and a pot of tea. It's true that the 'full English' and 'continental' breakfasts were over £20 per head.All in all a very good experience and one I'd recommend.	
May 25 2005	London 's Best Kept Secret	This fabulous hotel barely gets a mention in Time Out's London guide, other than a passing reference to its swimming pool. This subtly luxurious hotel does not shout its opulence. It would not be popular with the Beckhams! Discrete and quietly tucked away in Wilton Place, you are a stone's throw from Harvey Nichols and Harrods. The Berkeley is splendidly located, not bang smack in the middle of Knightsbridge like the Mandarin Oriental but secretly positioned around the corner.The down sides? It is ridiculously expensive. We paid £272 per night originally for a standard room. You are not talking all inclusive either!Access to the pool and gym costs £9.50 per day and a cooked breakfast is a staggering £28 per head. We prefer the Ritz Carlton approach where once you're in, you're in! In terms of overall ambience, the hotel does not quite 'hang together'. Our suite was lovely, very Knightsbridge military with a king size bed that was like sleeping in a bedouin tent. However this smart horse guards approach did not seem to fit with the mediterranean themed Blue Bar and Japanese styled lobby.Our first breakfast in the Caramel Room was on a tiny table where I had to put items on the floor in order to make space. The taps on the bath also managed to defeat both my wife and I. No turn down choccies. Huh! In short we felt the hotel was 'just not quite.'The plus sides? It is a serious 5 star hotel. All the staff were so friendly and helpful without being obsequious. It is popular and enjoyed by many young people which is always good to see in a top hotel. The location is perfect and there are 2 excellent unspoilt pubs around the cornrer, The Wilton Arms and The Nags Head. The ginger cosmopolitans, a specialty of the Blue Bar were to die for (At £12.50 a throw, they were still a concoction from heaven!)The complimentary Independent and Time Out magazine were also much appreciated. Best of all was our upgrade to a suite without our asking.Would we go again? Most certainly, if the deal was right.	
Mar 21 2005	Unsatisfactory night at the Berkeley Knightsbridge.	I stayed at the hotel on Saturday 19th March for my birthday. My partner had booked a special deal via American Express but had booked direct with the Hotel. Firstly, We were given the wrong room when we arrived and then after much debate was moved to the correct room that we had booked. The afternoon tea was a complete joke. Had to wait over an hour for a couple of finger sandwiches and a couple of cakes. We didn't have dinner in the hotel but returned to the Blue Bar after dinner at another restaurant only to find that we were not welcome and the bar was about to close. The time was 12.00. In the morning, we had breakfast. £25 for scrambled egg and a cup of tea was excessive in my opinion. Not only that, again we had to wait over an hour before it was served and when it eventally turned up, it was cold. The final straw was a 5% service charge which surprised me as we didn't have any service. I travel regularly and have stayed in many hotels. I might expect this low standard from the Holiday Inn or the Travel Lodge but not from The Berkeley Hotel. I will definitely not be returning and will definitely not be recommending it to my company, my work colleagues or friends.	
Mar 10 2005	Girl's Night In - Super Package!	Did the 'Girl's Night In' Package last week and it surpassed expectation right from the moment we checked in. Staff courteous at all times and unusually friendly compared to many other London establishments.A must is a visit to the famous 'Blue Bar' - trick is to drag yourself away from the delicious cocktail list!	
Feb 14 2005	5 * Average	Stayed in a junior suite over valentine’s weekend: The room was spacious with high ceilings, but was fairly one dimensional with no creativity in the decor or arrangements.  Some of the advertised room amenities were unavailable: newspaper was not delivered, the DVD library is now unavailable to guests. (If this is the case, and not that they had run out then this item should be removed from the website and marketing material!)  The room was very clean but slightly worn: tear in sheets, worn wood work and faded carpets. The bathroom was more than adequate - although a walk in shower was expected rather than shower over bath. Have seen better bathrooms in the Westin Dublin or the Mandarin London.  Public areas were not much to speak of; having attended 2 excellently conducted birthday parties hosted by the Berkeley I would suggest the hotel is now more focused on (more profitable?) events hosting.  Breakfast was slightly above average: The only waffle order I have seen that consisted of 1/2 a waffle. Also crucially, the scrambled eggs failed the test - far to close to the Mickey D's consistency.  The spa staff were well trained and courteous although rather brisk- a 1 hr treatment only took 40mins. 	
Jan 10 2005 	Fabulous Hotel	spending more than 30 nights per year in five star hotels, I would consider myself as very qualified to make an unbiased review. During a Europe trip in December, I stayed at the Berkeley Hotel for two nights and can say that I had a fantastic stay at this hotel and would recommend anyone to stay at this hotel. I booked a balcony room which was absolutely gorgeous, not large but just a very elegant room, the bathroom was also superb. The staff at this hotel could not do enough to help, the check in staff were fantastic and the Blue Bar was also great fun. On my return back to London after staying in Paris and Rome for a few nights I made the mistake of staying at the Ritz for one night and was very disspointed, I wished that I stayed here at the Berkeley again	
Dec 20 2004	Just what you would expect	We stayed for one night and when you stay at this class of hotel you expect the best and that's exactly what we got. Very friendly and the attached Restaurant had fantastic food and service.	
Nov 18 2004	as expected		
Nov 14 2004	Excellent service - tired decor		
Sep 28 2004	As good "value" for luxury as can be expected in London		
Jun 29 2004	Excellent hotel and service		
Feb 23 2004	Rather disappointing		
Jan 23 2004	Over-rated and uneven		
Jul 31 2003	Best hotel in London		
Nov 20 2002	Girls weekend at the Berkley		
Nov 18 2002	Enjoyed the experience but overpriced		
Jun 14 2002	Girls weekend in London		
Sep 30 2009 	Simplemente excepcional.		
Aug 20 2009 	Herrliches Hotel mit sehr freundlichem Personal		
Apr 5 2009 	Völlig überteuert		
Aug 24 2008 	hotel de luxe		
