Nov 16 2009 	Needs Upgrading	One positive is the good location - very easy to get to Paddington Station. My room was on the 3rd floor..no elevator and no assistance with luggage. Very narrow stairway. the carpet in the bedroom needed to be cleaned, the wallpaper was peeling off the wall and there was black mould in the shower. I will not stay here again.	
Oct 23 2009 	well located very small and expensive	Clerks speak very poor English (Irakians, Bulgarians, HongKong). Rooms are tiny, barely the size of the bed. Shared bathroom, no elevator, very narrow (and steep!) staircase.Very expensive considerring the conditions.Please avoid!	
Oct 2 2009 	Ok for the money - just	We had two rooms booked - mine was fine though deep down in the basement, reasonably modern furnishings, my collegues was very jaded and dirty, staff not overly interested Breakfast was OK. The location is very handy and quiet	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location friendly staff but needs refurbishing	I stayed 3 nights her during my first trip to London. With Paddington station sitting a short block away, the Ashley's location is nearly unbeatable. Any of central London's attractions are easily reachable. The staff were helpful (including a dynamite restaurant recommendation), but when I asked for some soap on my last night, they had offer me the used bar from their staff bathroom. The hallway contained some large tears in the wallpaper, and the carpets were in several places threadbare. Breakfast was filling but not really tasty. The tiny room was clean, and the bed was comfortable. Bath facilities were adequate for those sharing baths, but were not available on every floor. For some reason they choose to charge £1/hour for wifi access, which was mostly reliable, but not always.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good budget hotel but a touch grotty	Good location, quiet rooms, decent breakfast but getting rather tatty	
Aug 30 2009	Well its British...	Move this hotel to most other European cities - it would be crap. But: This is London, and for London its quite good. Location: 1 block from Paddington tube/Heathrow Express, McDonalds/a few Delis around the corner. Its on a very quiet street, so no noise at night at all.Reception: super friendly and helpful receptionists. They still see visitors as guests and welcome you. This alone justifies 5-stars. Again: This is London, check out other hotels and they wont even look at you...Rooms: Ok, there are 2 sets of rooms. The cheap room without ensuite/shared bathroom outside, and the ones with own bathroom. If you take the non-bathroom-rooms I wld recommend room 401. There are a few other ones I looked at, 401 is def the best single room.Prices: Gv them a call to book, do not book online. If you call they are more flexible with the rates... also, if you stay close to a week, ask for a discount. You should get the no-bathroom-room for GBP35. For that location - you wont beat that.Overall: Its an old, british hotel, they didnt invest in the past 20yrs or so. BUT: They kept everything clean, staff is very friendly, its location is great for tourists, and: its cheap.	
Aug 20 2009 	Adequate for my needs	Stayed here for one night last weekend, and am booked to stay again this weekend on my way back through London. Overall, no complaints. The single room was tiny but clean, and the shared bathroom was also clean. The room was quiet, even with the window open at night. Breakfast was great, I thought the selection was fine, and the staff were all friendly. I was impressed that when I checked in, the receptionist, noticing my huge suitcase suggested that I leave it in the baggage room rather than carrying it up to my room, which I gladly did. I am staying here again in a couple of days, and with the convenient location right around the corner from Paddington station, I will most likely use it again in the future.	
Aug 13 2009 	Clean but cramped not good for a long stay	We stayed on the ground floor, with a bright floodlight and a street lamp shining into our room at night, where we had to keep the curtains somewhat open in order to get air through the small opening in the window. (We later asked for, and got, a decent table fan.) The price was lower than at other places, but the room was pretty cramped, with three parallel single beds and barely any space to walk. Blankets and bedspreads were iffy, though sheets were clean. There were also one desk chair at a desk-sink, and a wardrobe. The staff varied in friendliness, and we were told different things about the computer in the basement, which was never available to us, even for a fee. Breakfast was in an airless basement room, decent enough, but not special. The bathroom was clean and adequate, though very small. Dailty replenishment of soap and towels was good, as was the location near Paddington tube station. In addition, an all-night small grocery was nearby, and the green (and quiet) Norfolk Square was lovely, and the park was open for walking and sitting.	
Aug 13 2009 	TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE	Before booking a room on line I went through the reviews of this hotel and thought that it would be an averagely good place to stay. I do not know what kind of rooms/hotels the people who've written the positive reviews are used to staying at, but in my experience this has been the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Except if one believes that &quot;budget&quot; means having to put up with filth, respiratory problems, and rudeness. This is what I had to go through in the hope that future clients are well warned. We checked in at 1.00pm Saturday 1st August but unfortunately did not check the room and left for a walk around the city. When we went back to the hotel in the evening we were given a room at the basement of the hotel (room 3), with a window overlooking a dirty yard full of rubbish. Furthermore, the room had not been cleaned from previous occupants, the bed was unmade and there were dirty towels on the floor!!! Making a complaint and demanding that we are given another room we were faced with a rather rude reception manager who finally agreed to give us a room on the third floor. When we entered this room (307) we were literally taken aback by a smell combining dampness, dust, and something resembling urine!!! Being exhausted by the trip and the really long day, we decided not to complain again but get some sleep and try to put up with it. Woke up in the middle of the night because somehow, for some reason, the smell had got even worse and despite the open window, we were unable to breathe properly. I need to say that the wallpaper in this room was torn and dampness could be seen on the walls, the carpet was not only threadbare but also had not been swept for ages and there was filth visible on it and on the furniture. Last but not least, the pillow cases in the bed had not been changed and there were makeup marks on them. Needless to say, in the morning, we asked for yet another change of the room and a different reception manager (less rude and more professional) agreed to give us another room which was on the first floor, and at last stayed there for the rest of our five day holiday. It was again small, with a tiny bathroom and not terribly clean, but tolerable and without a smell!!!!! All in all this has been the worst stay I have had in years of travelling.	
Aug 4 2009 	Very Unpleasant Stay... :(	Im surprised at the number of average reviews this place has received. I'm not sure what kind of accommodation these users below are used to but this hotel certainly does not merit any appraisals. On first glance the hotel does seem neat and fits in with the London &quot;low budget&quot; travel accommodation. Discouraging was the lack of elevators especially if your room is on the upper floor, but not quintessential unless the guest is elderly. Things started to go downhill when we entered the room as my friend started dry-reaching from the moldy odor the room emanated. We opened the windows, rested our heads on the pillows and slept immediately due to lack of sleep. I avoided the blanket altogether as I was sure would contain bugs, and stayed beneath the white sheets. In the morning we noticed the extent of the mould. Mould is a serious heath hazard and this room displayed mould everywhere; walls, ceiling, toilet... As we used the bathroom in the morning for the first time we were absolutely disgusted and had to check out immediately. Hair! A large tuff of blond hair was stuck on one of the shower walls, some in the drain. My friend noticed this while he was in the shower and was on the verge of sickness. We cut our stay by one night. We informed staff about this. They offered us another room but this was not an option. We checked out and kindly requested our second night to be refunded. They claimed that if there was to be a refund it would occur through the website/agent we booked through. I have travelled extensively and been to many hotels and I know this is not the case and in-fact the website hotline made it clear any refund would have to be issued by the hotel itself. Misleading hotel staff. I would recommend to avoid unless the dozen hotels on the same square are fully booked.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Hotel for family on a budget	A great location, just a few blocks from Paddington Station. Very friendly reception staff and good breakfast included in the reasonable rate. Perhaps the only hotel in London with a room that will sleep a family of five! We look forward to returning.	
Jul 10 2009 	Cheap and great location	I stayed here in room 12 for 2 nights in July. The room was small (twin room with single beds next to each other) - should really be a single room. The en-suite was again small but was cleanish. The biggest draw back for me was the heat - it was like a sauna - therefore it was difficult to sleep. There was a fan which made very little impact. If you are looking for somewhere cheap, quiet, with excellent location then this is the place.	
Jul 7 2009 	adequate and convenient	on the positive side - it was close to Paddington and a very nice Garfunkels and Litle Venice. The receptionist was very sweet and the staff friendly. The price was cheap and the bed comfortable however, our room, 107, smelt damp and it looked like it should have been a single room not a twin - there was no space between the twin beds. The bathroom was very small but clean(ish). I was disappointed by the English breakfast which consisted of a couple rashers of nice bacon but, the sausage was overcooked and the egg was like rubber - no beans or tomato or mushrooms. We actually decided to have our breakfast in Garfunkels which was yummy!!! The room was also very hot and it was difficult to get to sleep - I did get a fan on request though so not all complaints. To sum up - for what we paid it was more than adequate but I'm not sure I would go there again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Excellent apart from Breakfast	I stayed for two nights my only complaint about my room was it was on the 4th floor and there is no lift! It certainly keeps you fit climbing all those stairs. Apart from that it was very good, comfortable bed, quiet location and excellent value for money. Breakfast was a disapointment - Cooked breakfast consisted of Egg, Bacon and the worst sausage I have ever tasted - very thin, no taste and almost uneatable. Also you have to help yourself to hot drinks and fruit juices in the next room. I went to get a second cup of tea mid way through my breakfast and being on my own, by the time I got back to the table the waitress had cleared the table.I would certainly stay in this hotel again when in London - but would hope for a room not on the 4th floor. Also I will know not to ask for a sausage for breakfast.	
May 23 2009 	Not bad at all	The location is great - 3 minutes from Paddington tube and station - excellent. I'd booked a single room with bath, which turned out to be a small room on the landing with a strange two-part entrance (through the door up a very narrow little staircase to the actual room). The bathroom was a tiny plastic cubicle in the corner and the shower part of the cubicle would not fit a grown man neither in height nor width but I managed. The room was cleaned every day and I can't say really anything bad about it. London is expensive and you don't get more than you pay for.Service at reception was fine, the English breakfast was fine except it finished at 9am already. A bit early, if you're on holiday, which I would presume most of their clients are. Also, on the first morning, they'd run out of eggs. How can a hotel run out of eggs??But if that's the only bad thing I have to say about it... I'd come back.	
Apr 30 2009 	decent value burt some problems	i agree with what most others have said- the location near paddington train/underground station is very convenient, the price on expedia was reasonable, the hotel is generally very clean. the best thing about the palce was the large breakfast (but terrible sausages that noone ate) and themn excellent dining room staff. they were consistently very nice and efficient. the cleaning staff were also very good workers. the desk staff were another story. there was an asian woman who was very helpful but there was another male day stafperson who was totally disinterested in customer service. he was cold and not helpful. the rooms were clean but VERY tiny. the hotel was quiet the 2 weeks that i stayed there, but sometimes noisy outside on w/e nights. i'd probably stay there again if the price was discounted.	
Mar 25 2009 	good price nice bedroom	Great location (next to Paddington station), in front of a nice and quiet square, with restaurants near it, including McDonalds and BurguerKing. The personel is not always friendly, but they are efficient. The breakfast is ok, with eggs, bacon and saussages (not my favorite dish). The bedroom is clean and good size, but has carpet all over it, and the floor screetches with every step you take. The bathroom is also clean, but has stains on the walls and is very, very small. A tall big man does not feet confortably in there. And the worst thing: there is no lift! Try to carry heavy bags on narrow stairs...	
Mar 11 2009 	Cheap somewhere to rest	I stayed here for 4 nights in Feb. It was very cheap for london so wasnt expecting a great hotel. The area is great lots of places to eat, right next to a tube station so perfect for a stay in london. The rooms where small and need up dating and the 'en-suite' was a shoe box the toilet was basically in the shower. Other than that the rooms where clean and warm so perfect just to rest in if spending your day out of the hotel. The staff where ok, breakfast staff where really pleasant, i only paid for continental and they kept try to give me full english every morning. Which i only turnt down as was in london doing a personal training course so im always careful with what i eat and dont see that as a great breakfast to go excise on.	
Feb 17 2009 	Smashing Time	This is a budget hotel so any other expectations re accommodation are a little trite. If you are a skinflint like me you will be attracted by a great price, excellent location including breakfast (We paid about £147 for 2 nights for 3 people). The rooms are small; en suite is shoebox size, a little musty as well however you pay for what you get. We were pleased with our general stay; the staff were courteous and friendly apart from the receptionist who appeared a little cold and un interested at times. It was a quiet setting with tube about 2 minutes away with a great selection of cafes near by. London on a budget was fine, museums inc Tate Modern were fun. You don’t have to spend a fortune in London if you just plan the visits carefully. We enjoyed Covent Gardens at night. We would stay at the Ashley again unless we won the lottery of course then we would stay at the Ritz.	
Dec 27 2008 	Great Value for Money for London	We went to London on a shopping, sightseeing and cultural trip (in that order). So we wanted to stay somewhere central, close to all the top destinations but wanted to save our pennies to have more for shopping. Hence our choice of Ashley Hotel.I have read all my fellow travellers reviews of this hotel, and they are very mixed and quite harsh sometimes, which in my opinion is totally unjustified.The hotel location is superb, just off Paddington station (e.g. Heathrow Express - very handy) and you are literally minutes away (by bus) from Oxford Street, the British Museum, Madame Tussauds etc. Now there is a Hilton around the corner but if, like us, you prefer to spend your money on shopping, then Ashley is a very good choice.OK, the rooms are small (not handy if you have a lot of luggage) and the bathroom is the size of a shoebox. I have never seen one so small, actually. BUT! Everything is clean, safe, the breakfast is ok and there is a lovely park just outside the hotel. And there is wi/fi thoroughout the hotel.You just have to be realistic about your expectations. London is one of the most expensive cities in the world and large hotel rooms come with a hefty price tag. Ashley Hotel has fantastic location, and anyway, there is more to do in London than stay in your (large) hotel room, so Ashley gets my vote!	
Nov 24 2008 	Things are going downhill at the Ashley!	I have stayed at the Ashley Hotel on about 4 occasions per year for the past 10 years or more. I have found the hotel to be fine. It's basic but clean and I have never had any complaints until now.However, things have changed radically in recent months following a change of ownership. The first complaint I had was that they insisted I pay for my stay immediately upon arrival. I refused on the grounds that I was a regular customer and that I would pay on departure as i do in all other hotels and as I have always done in the Ashley. They finally relented and agreed I could pay on departure.My second complaint concerned the breakfast. As a Bed and Breakfast establishment they really only have to get 2 things right i.e. the bed and the breakfast! The Ashley advertises a full English breakfast. The most important feature of the English breakfast is a large pot of tea ( or coffee if you're that way inclined). Imagine my surprise, therefore to find that the breakfast table had been set with no cups - just the saucers. When I enquired about the apparent oversight I was told that the cups were available at the buffet bar and that I had to make my own tea from a boiler located outside the breakfast room. If I needed a second or third cup of tea, I would have to go through the same ritual. That, to my mind is not a breakfast, much less an English breakfast. I'll be looking elsewhere for accommodation in London for my future trips.	
Oct 3 2008	basic hotel with small roms	This is a basic hotel, rooms are clean but small. Also there is no elevator and the hotel has 4 floors. I paid GBP 39 per night for a room with shared facilities, basic English breakfast included. Booked with hotel website www.ashleyhotellondon.com . I recommend this hotel for people on a budget, but I would not stay at this hotel for more than 1 night because of the size of rooms.The Paddington area is nice and quite with a few restaurants and bars: the hotel is about 3 minutes walk from Paddington tube station.	
Sep 19 2008 	It's fine but don't expect anything fancy	This place is conveniently located just a couple of mins walk from Paddington station. It is clean, basic, and good value. I was expecting something basic, comfortable, and functional and that's what I got - nothing more, nothing less. The breakfast is quite good, especially seeing as though it's included in the tariff, and the waitstaff were pleasant, though not very efficient. My experience was tainted by the poor reception service. The man on reception when I was there was completely indifferent, abrupt, and spent all his time on personal phone calls. Everytime I approached the desk, even just to walk past, he was on a personal phone call. It just doesn't do anything for the image of the hotel, especially when it seemed that many of the residents were there on business, as I was. Hauling luggage up the narrow and steep staircases is not fun, and the staff will not offer any help, but fellow patrons will, as they have experienced the hassle for themselves!This hotel offered wireless internet access at a fairly cheap price, but my room was so high up I couldn't connect! So I had to set up down in the lounge, which was ok but less than ideal, as I was working.The toilet/shower was no bigger than a closet, but it was clean and functional. I wouldn't want to have to use it for many days in a row.This place is fine if you're a fairly independent, unfussy traveller who just needs somewhere clean to sleep at night.	
Aug 28 2008 	Comfortable and Clean	I stayed here for a week and my only complaint is that there was no elevator, so I had to navigate 59 steps up and down each day and evening. Once I finally got my luggage upstairs it wasn't so bad, but that first trip was a challenge. The room and en suite bathroom was immaculate, always my biggest concern. Good shower; plenty of hot water. The bed was very comfortable, also important to me because I have some back issues. VERY convenient to the Paddington tube stop -- only about a two minute walk, and there are lots of pubs, restaurants, markets and the train station nearby. The room was cleaned everyday and fresh towels, coffee, tea and soap were left. There is no A/C, and at first the room was stuffy, but opening the window solved the problem. For the most part, the front desk staff were helpful and pleasant, although I think one of them really hates his job. If you just want a comfy, clean and affordable place to crash at night, it's perfect. Not luxurious, not romantic, but a good value all the same. I would stay there again.	
Aug 25 2008 	Good location but...	This hotel is conveniently located about 2 mins walk from Paddington station but the room that we stayed in for 2 nights left a lot wanting! The 'toilet/shower' was the size of a tiny closet, just about the same size as one of those portable toilets on the street. Breakfast was nice but was only up til 9am. The 'quiet' square was actually quite noisy as we stayed on the ground floor, facing into the square, and just next to the reception desk. There was no privacy at all as the beds were just a stone's throw away from passer-bys on the street!	
Aug 11 2008	Chaos	Stayed in the hotel for a few weeks Monday To Friday this July First week in the hotel was average .Room was clean but very hot. I felt comfortable enough staying in hotel so I booked for the next two monday to fridays.Now the trouble started, when I arrived on the Monday the room given was a double rather than a twin as specified on confirmation e-mail.I agreed to stay in double if moved the following day. I was not the only person at reception trying to get sense out of management. A man next to me had gone to work and on his return his room had been let out. The receptionist tried to ring the manager who told him to wait to see in there was a no show. Th ereception told us staff had been going into the bookings and changing his bookings.Finally move to very shabby twin room with pull down bunk beds.The following Monday I was given a twin which was two singles pushed together with one headboard. The room was fine until I discovered a bedbug in my bed when I got up on Wednesday morning. Slept on top of bedsheets next night,camcelled my future booking with The Ashley and told workmates not to stay there ever.	
Aug 6 2008 	Basic reasonably comfortable good value	I stay in this hotel from time to time as Paddington is my 'point of entry' to London and it's convenient, the beds are generally comfortable and the hotel is in a fairly quiet square. It's also clean and good value by London standards. The rooms are mostly small and many of them have tiny 'wet cubicles' for showering. Rooms at the back lack a view unless on the top floor, but can be quieter. Ground floor can be quite noisy depending on when people are leaving. I think this is a good B&amp;B hotel for a 1-2 night stay if you don't want to spend much time in your room. There's a discount for top-floor rooms (no lift) and for singles without shower in the room. Occasionally I've had problems with getting enough water to the shower, but this seems to have been resolved in my last couple of stays.	
Jun 6 2008	Don't book room Nr2!	First thing to say is that the ownership has changed three months ago and the new web page is http://www.ashleyhotellondon.com .It wasn't my first stay in this hotel, but it was the first stay in room Nr2: ground floor, with window facing the window of a room in front of (don't know the number of that room), and in the night (of course) you can hear every guest entering the entrance door. Latest guests come around 7am and first guests leave approximately at the same time.My advise: don't book ground floor!Otherwise I can only confirm: it's clean. I was there only for one night this time, so it didn't make much difference for me where I slept, but I wanted to be in a clean place, and this hotel offers this.	
May 22 2008 	Okay for One Night	After traveling around England I came back to London for 1 night. If getting a train to Heathrow from Paddington, this is a good location. It's 1 block from the station and they hold your suitcase in a locked room after checkout free. Plus it's cheap, only $120 for a single, including breakfast.But what a sad little room! Mine looked into another window across a narrow shaft. Could NOT open the curtain. The shower and toilet are in a small closet that a larger person might find impossible to use. The sink was IN the desk (see photo). Everything was clean, but the bed was old and covered with an odd variety of blankets. No suitcase rack. A tiny bar of soap and a tiny TV that got 3 channels (those were odd too!) perched high on the wall were the only &quot;amenities&quot;. Although a notice said to ask for an iron or hairdryer at the front desk. I could NOT spend more than ONE night in a room like this.	
May 13 2008 	Clean quiet hotel	I'd stayed at this hotel a few years ago but between booking and arriving the hotel website disappeared from the internet and from the booking site which made me a little nervous. Apparently the hotel management has been taken over but it made no difference to my stay. I had a single room on the first floor, overlooking Norfolk square. The room was as I expected, small but adequate with a small but adequate bathroom. The room was kept meticulously clean and the staff, whether in the dining room or the cleaners or the desk staff, were always helpful. I stayed for 10 days and found the location (2 minutes from Paddington tube) excellent. There are restaurants &amp; pubs &amp; internet cafes etc in the area. The area is usually quiet though there was noise in the square one night after an important football match (important to some- not me!). There is no airs conditioning and no lift so if you were on an upper floor or it was very hot it might be awkward. Although I had only one case the receptionist was willing to carry it up for me- not necessary for me bu tif you were elderly it would be helpful.I had a very pleasant stay and enjoyed the full breakfast and quiet surroundings.	
Oct 31 2007 	Simple and clean hotel	Last weekend I spent two nights in a single room. I tried to make the booking via hotel's homepage = email but haven't received any reply within a few days therefore I called them directly, consider that they seem not to read emails. After arrival I noticed they have a PC but manage occupancy of rooms within a big paper notebook. Generally I found strange telling them the complete security data of my credit card via phone.Location is excellent, very quite and safe also during the night. The single room I stayed in was really small, relatively simple, but nice and most important clean. For sure you haven’t seen a smaller bathroom before :))…but it’s clean and there was enough warm water. The window cannot be opened and has low noise insulation, fortunately outside there is normally no bustle. The room can probably get warm during summer since there is no AC. Double bed rooms seem to have reasonable size.The staff (at least during my stay) was Asiatic and in the breakfast area not very professional (a lady forgot to bring me promised additional toast, ok, can happen). English breakfast is averagely, beans and tomato are not served by default. Close to window I managed to connect wirelessly to a free internet access point.In summary, this is a clean, recommendable place with gut value for money (for London circumstances)!	
Sep 11 2007 	Things to know befor you go.	This hotel was clean and convenient it was good value for money. However there were a few things i wish I had know befor I went. My sister and I had a double room, but the two single bends had been put side by side, this made it difficult for me to get into and it didn't feel like we had any space to our self. Breakfast is only served unitl nine, not great if you want a lie in. There are a range of cereals on offer, which is good but the english breakfast consisted of 1 sausage, 2 rashes of bacon and a fried egg. This was disappointing, even if there was the option of beans or tomato's it would have been a lot more genrouse. The bathroom in the room was smaller than some caravan bathrooms I've been in, Realisticly people don't spend the majority of their time in the bathroom. At 5'4&quot; and a size 10 I didn't have any problems with the space but if you need to you can shave your legs in the shower while sitting on the toilet (you would also easily reach the sink to brush your teath if you really want to multi-task) but don't expect to be able to streach your arms out to their full length (I couldn't).On the whole the staff were friendly but not always helpful if we needed transport advice, more towels (the towels are small and unabsorbent). The location for this hotel was fantastic, and the area felt safe. If your not going to spend alot of time in your hotel then this would be a great option for you. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here again, but I would avoid it either.	
Jul 13 2007 	Great Family Hotel	We stayed for a week, and were very happy with the hotel. We were in a family room - small, but workable. The bunk bed was perfect for our kids - boy (13) and girl (11). Close to the tube (Paddington Station), and direct access to/from Heathrow. 10 minute walk to Hyde Park. Breakfast was good for us and the kids - even our picky eater. Staff was very, very helpful. Best value we could find by far, and we would definitely go back.	
Jul 9 2007 	Overcharged for Phone calls	The hotel is fine - can be noisy. Big downer at the end - they charged me $25 for a phone call I didn't make. The manager would not budge. Refused to believe I hadn't made the call, and was really rude to me.	
Jun 25 2007 	A friendly base in Paddington - London	We stayed for two nights at the Ashley Hotel. It provided reasonably priced clean accommodation in an ideal location to explore London. It is situated on south side of Norfolk Square in Paddington, London and is a short walk from Paddington Underground Station. Likewise, Hyde Park is very close.There are numerous restaurants in the area within easy walking distance.The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. We asked the receptionist to suggest a Restaurant late in the evening when we arrived that was within walking distance. We were directed to ASK, an Italian Restaurant on Spring Street which served Pizza/Pasta/Salads at a reasonable price. It was just around the block and was an excellent recommendation. We dined there on two occassions.Our room was located on the third floor and contained a small seperate ensuite formed in the corner of the bedroom in which the shower and WC were to be found. The associated wash hand basin was located in the bedroom itself. Simple accommodation, some would say basic, but most importantly clean. There was plenty of hot water at all times. The Hotel is a labyrinth of staircases leading up four floors and it looks as though it was originally three town houses which are now joined together. A kettle was provided with tea/coffee etc. There was also a small TV in the bedroom with remote control.Breakfast was served from 7.30am to 9.00am in the basement dining room. This is not as grim a location as it initially sounds as the Ashley Hotel is a Victorian Townhouse and its basement, whilst below street level, receives natural daylight light from it basement windows set back from the street.Breakfast consisted of help yourself fruit juice and cereals, followed by an 'English Breakfast' of two slices of Bacon, a fried Egg and a Sausage and was quickly served by the waitress. The Bacon was particularly of good quality. (No white stuff ) Several customersasked for scrambled eggs instead of the fried egg and this again was no problem. A rack of Hot toast, white and wholemeal, was served at the table together with a pot of Tea/ Cafetiere of Coffee etc. When we asked for a refill, this was again quickly served. A good basic filling breakfast. Check out time was 10.00am. As we had a late afternoon train, we asked if we could leave our bags. Again no problem and we were directed to a storage room which was unlocked by the receptionist.To conclude, the Ashley Hotel is a simple no frills hotel. But then again that's what your paying for. It does its job very well.	
May 26 2007 	Charming good value hotel in London	We stayed at The Ashley Hotel for 8 nights. We walked in off the street inquiring about rooms after our originial hotel was not fit to sleep in. The Ashley put us up in a family room until other rooms became available. This hotel is very close to Paddington and Hyde Park. The staff was very helpful, especially Billy. The breakfast was what I expected for a budget hotel, cereal, juice and a cooked breakfast with eggs, bacon, and toast. The rooms are clean and yes, the bathrooms are very small, but adequate. If I ever go back to London, I would stay at this hotel. Overall, a pleasant experience.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great value and clean what more could you want on a budget?	After a horrrible experience earlier in the month at The Spring Park Hotel (Finsbury-see my review) I took more care this time and read the Trip advisor revierws carefully! My only real desire was that the hotel be clean, on a £50 budget this is not always possible in London.I paid £45 per night on a 4 night stay, the hotel is located 1 min walk from Paddington station with numerous stores, supermarkets and fast food oulets right on it's doorstep along with several Internet cafes, it is convenient! All the buildings in Norfolk Square seem to be hotels, some look cleaner than others.............The lobby is small but clean, no lift, my room was on the 2nd floor you would not want to have a room on the 4th if you are forgetful. the room was clean, it didn't smell, I nearly fell over with relief after the Spring Park experience. It was a little faded but had the basics, a little TV, kettle, several drawers and a good sized wardrobe. My toilet/shower was not en-suite but across the landing, no great problem but it was one of those kit built pods and very small.The breakfast is served in the basement (another reason not to have 4th floor room). the room is large, clean with lots of space for everyone and a good selection of cereals and fruit juices. Toast and English breakfast is included also and was fine. Plenty of friendly staff so service is quick.The only downside for me was that you are given keys so that you have 24/7 access. I hate this sytem as I always lose the keys, I'd prefer a keypad entry but now I am nitpicking! For £45 it is a bargain.	
Mar 1 2007 	Good value great location!	Stayed at the Ashley Hotel for 4 days beginning Saturday, Feb. 17. The location is excellent! Literally a 3 minute walk to both Paddington Underground Station and Paddington Rail Station. Therefore, transportation is a snap. The staff was very friendly, including the folks in the breakfast area in the morning. The breakfast is good, too. You get a cooked egg, bacon, and sausage, plus you choose from a group of cereals, juices, etc...In addition to my room key I got a separate key which got me into the building. Access to the building from the street was very easy. There are lots of small convenience stores and small eateries within quick walking distance, which again makes the location ideal. Here were my only concerns:1. My shower did not have water that was very hot, just warm. This was not a one-time deal, since this occurred each morning and once in the evening, when I tested the temperature. 2. The window of my room, which faced the street, did not close all the way. Therefore, the noise outside, of which there seemed to be quite a bit, was loud and awakened me on several occasions. I did not understand the abundance of noise; and it just wasn't Saturday night. There are lots of hotels in Sussex Gardens, so I think hotel stayers enjoy carousing at night. If I stayed here again, I would request a room that does not face the street. Other than that, I recommend this hotel.	
Feb 24 2007 	Godd value and location	We are a family of 4, 2 teen girls, we needed a place to stay close to Paddington to get an early train to Heathrow the next morning. Picked this hotel based on these reviews at TA. We were not dissapointed. By London standards a good value, 105 GBP for the night, just around the corner from the tube and train station. A decent selection of restaurants right there. A short walk to Hyde park, near Marble Arch. we even walked to SOHO, maybe 20 min walk, took the tube back. Decent sized room, friendly staff, full English breakfast included, no lifts though, not a problem for us because we travel light. I would stay there again for sure.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great little hotel	The Ashley was a perfect location and a good price for London. We stayed for 3 nights on the top floor which was a bit of a hike (no elevator) but we got a discount on the room. The room was small but clean. The location was great, right next to Paddington station and close to many pubs and cafes.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great time at the Ashley :)	Booked this hotel as a present for a friends birthday. 1) We couldn't understand the receptionist on the phone when we asked for directions so got a taxi from Paddington tube station guessing that it was close, taxi man went on a little round about trip that cost 6 pound when the tube station is about a 3 minute walk from the hotel! (Not the hotels fault but not impressed!!) 2) Reception area....where!? Small desk in a small corridor! 3) Given keys to our room, when we went in the sheets were on the foor.... we put our bags down and sat down for a minute to have a housekeeper come in and give out to us and tell us to come back later!! 4) So we went exploring the hotel. Our room was up at least 5 flights of stairs. Then the breakfast room was down in the basement.... At this stage me and my friends (3 20year old girls) were very creeped out by this hotel, felt like the only people in the hotel so we proceeded downstairs to the5) &quot;tea room&quot; ie a kettle where u make ur own tea and put money in a jar!! A chair is covered in teddybears and I popped my head in through some beads hanging down from a door where a selection of knifes where sat on a counter!!! We didn't mind treking up and down the stairs but when I forgot something and had to go back up it gets a bit annoying!! 6)Bathroom is TINY!!! I have worked in ahotel with small bathrooms but this is a cubby hole. Also the sink is in the bedroom! shows how small the bathroom was! 7)Beds where tiny, I ended up on top bunk where I was so close to the ceiling I was afraid to sit up!! 8) Also if you want a bath, baths are located in random rooms along the floors! Don't think I would like wandering back up to my room in a towel!! Very strange! 9) Other than that we had an amazing time in London, met the nicest man doing the BigBus tour just outside the hotel. Gas man from Cork :) Don't expect nightlife in Paddington, we decided one night just to go to a pub back in Paddington and they wer all closed (at midnight on a Saturday night) so we stayed in the hotel with a few bottles of wine :D I wouldn't reccommend this hotel for the old unless they request a room on the first floor. Only the fit and healthy should stay here and if your planning on getting drunk those stairs are impossible to climb!!!!	
Oct 18 2006 	A welcome retreat	After our initial first night in London at another noisy hotel in the same street, we decided to look for other accommodation. We saw the Ashley and was very pleased to be accommodated for 3 nights. All the staff were very pleasant and helpful. Although the room was small, it was clean and adequate for us. As we come from Australia the bathroom was exceptionally small but very clean also. Breakfast was good with choice of fruit juices, cereals, bacon, egg,sausage, toast, tea and coffee. The price to stay at this hotel was very reasonable and we would stay again if we return to London,it was so close to Paddington Station and Hyde Park which is an additional plus. No lift unfortunately and the only other comment I can think of is that maybe the rooms would be better with ceiling fans to circulate the air. There is heating, but the rooms can be quite warm and stuffy even with the windows open. Other than that a good little hotel at a very reasonable price.	
Oct 4 2006 	great place to stay	The good - great central london location (1 min walk from Paddington station) Great breakfast, good service, comfortable room, quiet inner city streetThe bad - bathroom was fairly small (even allowing for the fact I know how tiny some B&amp;B rooms and bathrooms can be in London - this bathroom was tiny)Generally you dont come to London to stay in your room all day. With that in mind the small room is not such a hassle and in fact is what most tourists will find unless you want to pay mega bucks at a big name hotel for the luxury of walking through a grand lobby before your get to your tiny room. The service was excellent and the staff very keen to please. The location is great especially if you come into London on the Heathrow express or want to get on the Euro star at Waterloo (paddington is on the same line)	
Jul 20 2006 	Ashley Hotel is a charming and cheap place to stay	My wife, 10-year-old daughter and I stayed here for two nights in June 2006. We loved this charming little hotel. It was inexpensive, in an excellent location, and provided a filling breakfast in the basement dining room (tea, toast, eggs, English bacon, cereal). Our room was small but clean and had its own bathroom with a shower. The room was everything we wanted and needed at a very affordable price.The staff was courteous and helpful. The hotel is a very short and easy walk from Paddington Station (and the Heathrow Express). The hotel is located on Norfolk Square in Hyde Park. The surrounding neighborhood is vibrant, with small restaurants and green grocers. The night we arrived, we had a nice dinner in an Indian restuarant just a few steps from the hotel.The next morning we walked from the hotel to Hyde Park and the Natural History Museum in about 20 minutes. Bustling Edgeware Road, with its excellent selection of Lebanese restaurants, is just a few blocks away. You can take a bus on Edgeware Road to the sightseeing districts of London along the Thames.Overall, our stay in this hotel was positive in all respects. I highly recommend it to the budget traveller. Reviewers who gave low ratings to his hotel were, in my opinion, being quite naive. If you paid a low price for a small hotel in a charming neighborhood you shouldn't have expected it to be the Waldorf-Astoria. Admittedly, the room we stayed in at the Aashley Hotel was small. But it was clean, safe, quiet, and cheap.	
Jul 19 2006 	This hotel is like an old friend	I first stayed in this hotel in 1979 and enjoyed it greatly. Years later, after staying in a lot of London hotels that cost a lot more, I decided to look it up again. I found it was still operated by the same family and had improved considerably. Most of the rooms had been refurbished. Since the late 90's I have tried to make it my place to stay when in London. The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and professional, the location is great.	
Feb 26 2006	Comfortable home-from-home	I last stayed at the Ashley in August, 2005. On my first morning, I found that my travel alarm wasn't working, so for the remainder of the visit, I especially appreciated the automated wake-up call system. I recall noticing on a visit several years ago that they had installed it, but I had never really needed it before. All I had to do was let the receptionist know sometime between 8:00 AM and 10:00 PM what time I needed a call, and he or she programmed the system. It worked perfectly reliably every day.The staff and management are friendly and helpful. The Managing Director is in the breakfast room each morning to offer touring advice to guests who ask, or to ask guests what they're planning for that day. If the plans are for something that he isn't familiar with, the next day he'll ask how it was so he'll know whether or not to recommend it to others.On the rare occasions when I've discovered a problem in my room, it has been taken care of promptly, thoroughly and with a smile. For example, on one of my recent stays (can't remember if it was in August or earlier last year), I discovered upon arrival that I couldn't open the window. I phoned the desk and a few minutes later the handyman appeared at the door. He had the window open and easily operable in no time flat.I've stayed at the Ashley for a week or longer each year since 1995, and will return twice this year. It has become my &quot;home-from-home&quot; in London. Wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else!	
Oct 26 2005	A Great Hotel with a Few Flaws	I stayed at this hotel from October 22 to the 25. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They assisted in recommending some restaurants and tourist spots. The entire hotel and my room was very clean. Their are no elevators therefore you should request a room on the first floor if you have plenty of luggage. The beds and pillows were firm and soft. The staff will fulfill your requests for extra sheets, towels, and pillows when needed. My room was facing the street where I heard plenty of noise throughout the night. Be aware that their is no receptionist between 10 PM and 8 AM. Therefore if you need an early wake up call you must bring your own battery operated alarm clock since the room I stayed in had no alarm clock and no electrical outlet. The location of this hotel was excellent. Paddington station is only 2 blocks to the left of the hotel. From there you can catch a 15 minute express train to the Heathrow airport. The area is also filled with restaurants, internet cafes, shops, and grocery strores for any late nite bites. The breakfast is was small but filling. It included one fried egg, bacon and sausage along with unlimited toast, juice, cereals, and coffee. I did'nt like that they served breakfast until 9 AM, being that you must be up early in order to have the free breakfast. Most hotels I stayed at served breakfast until 11 AM. Some suggestions- When travelling in London, avoid the cabs as they are extremelly expensive. Take the train from the Paddington station. Their are bus stops around the corner from the hotel as well. Also check out the brochures in the lower level of the hotel where you can find discounts on sightseeing tours.	
Sep 17 2005	An excellent value for money in London.	The Ashley Hotel is a charming little hotel on a quiet square that is very conveniently located one block away from Paddington Station, giving guests easy access to Heathrow airport in 15 minutes, as well as access to the Underground and multiple bus lines. I stayed at this hotel from 7-11 September. I had booked a single room and upon my arrival, they put me in a larger double room as I had a large amount of luggage and they said the single room would be too small for me and my bags. They put me in a double room for the same price as I had reserved for the single room! This impressed me right from the start. The room was on the small side for a double, but more than adequate for one person. It was nicely furnished and had all the amenities a budget traveler could possibly need. TV, electric kettle with plenty of coffee and tea supplies, a small but perfectly functional bathroom with shower ensuite, and a small desk. If you need a hair dryer or an iron and ironing board they will loan them to you for the remainder of your stay. The mattress was soft and comfortable. They have a large delicious breakfast included in the price which includes plenty of juice and cereal, coffee and tea, sausage, bacon, eggs, and toast. At all times, the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Closeby there are many restaurants, pubs, convenience stores, currency exchange , and a laundrette, and Paddington Station has many shops and supermarkets. I give this hotel 4 out of 5 because the hotel does not have an elevator and the stairs are narrow and steep, as in most buildings from this era. Still, they give discounts for rooms on the top floors if you are willing to get some exercise. Also, the water in the showers only got adequately hot in the mornings, the rest of the day if you wanted to take a shower the water only got lukewarm but still adequate for bathing, and the water temp did tend to fluctuate at times while showering. Overall however, the Ashley hotel is an excellent budget hotel and a great bargain for central London.	
Aug 12 2005	A very cozy and warm b/b!!	Before our trip to the UK, I spent two weeks looking for a perfect and affordable accomodation in London for our 3 night stay in August and I found the beautiful Ashley Hotel. Everyone there was exceptionally friendly and helpful. Our room was warm and inviting. The location was fantastic for those who travel from outside the UK. Many shops and eating establishments are within a few steps. The free English breakfast was more than enough and was delicious. The beautiful Norfolk Square is right outside the door. The hotel was quiet although my traveling companion could hear some train noises but I could not. If I ever get a chance to travel to London again, I would most postively stay at the Ashley Hotel. One thing I thought was funny was I never once saw another visitor in the halls but I did see them at breakfast!	
Jul 18 2005	Great for families	Our family thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Ashley Hotel. We arrived at Paddington Station directly from Heathrow and walked the 2 blocks to the hotel. The hotel is located right on a small park where we often spent time reading to escape the heat.  Our room on the top floor was complete with a double bed and &quot;Murphy Bunk Beds&quot;. Albeit small, the room (complete with ensuite shower and toilet) was clean and very adequate. Our room overlooked the park below. Breakfast was abundant with choices of juice, cereal, and hot English breakfast of ham, sausage, eggs, and toast, all of which were quite good.  The staff was helpful at all times offering restaurant suggestions and directions. Everyone was very friendly.  We will definitely return to the Ashley Hotel and recommend it to friends and family as well.	
May 24 2005	Left Before Staying	Reserved this hotel for one night in 05/05. Checked in, saw room, immediately had an allergy attack due to dust/mildew/mold (although room looked clean). Saw another room that was dark, dreary, depressing, and overlooked an air shaft. Immediately checked out and went to stay at another hotel.	
Apr 18 2005	Very warm welcome	After reading some of the reviews, I was not sure what to expect. We booked a double room [alpine room] which was situated on the top floor. I think we may have had a bigger room than normal, as we had a room with a double and single bed. Everything was there that was needed, including plenty of hot water, clean towels and it was generally clean and tidy.The staff where very friendly, helpful and polite, and made us feel very welcome. The inclusive breakfast was also very good, egg, bacon, and sausages. Plus a selection of cereals, fruit juice, toast plus coffee or tea. All served up quickly.The location is literally just few minutes walk from Paddington main rail station, and even closer to the tube. Several restaurants and shops nearby plus takeaways, and a cashpoint. The bus tour of the city picks up within a minutes walk from the hotel. To sum up, its an excellent budget hotel, close to the main transport links. but in a quiet location. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Dec 16 2004	Nice clean and comfortable place great breakfast	Very close to tube, quiet location with pubs, restaurant and also internet cafè just around the corner, nice and quiet victorian palace with a pleasant decor, very kind and warm staff, relaxing view on the square with a garden, we staied in the double ensuite room n.5, 1st floor and it was very clean, comfortable and large: no problems with our luggage, also had a little cupboard and a lot of drawers, bathroom with tiles was clean and not smelly such as most of others hotels have, shower also clean and large enough. Definitely above the average of London Hotels, don't compare with American style, but it's excellent to relax and to have a really tasty cooked english breakfast!I really recommend it!	
Nov 30 2004	So disappointing	Our stay at the Ashley Hotel was sooo disappointing. I booked the room for myself and two friends visiting from the States based on some good reviews I read here and other places. Were we in the same hotel?? I now know the dull and depressing review is the correct one. The room was way too small. I know to expect small rooms in London at this price, but this was ridiculous. The entire room was so shabby and the shower barely worked. We had to carry our lugguage up four huge flights of stairs with no help. When we immediately discovered no toilet paper, we were told one of us would have to come back down (and back up again) to fetch it. This hotel took away from our trip and was a huge let down. Try the Barry House Hotel down the road for a low cost B&amp;B that is really family run and close to Paddington Station.	
Oct 27 2004	Ick!!!	ICK!!!My first (single) room faced the front of the hotel. The window leaked lots of cold air and lots of street noise all night. The bed was very short and very worn out.The &quot;closet&quot; was a place for a couple of hangers under the TV shelf, hidden by a raglike drape!The bathroom was typical of many retrofitted London rooms and was the fiberglass &quot;capsule bathroom&quot;. But the worst problem was that the room's plumbing had a powerful leak of SEWAGE STENCH!!!I actually stayed in this room since it was a late checkin and I had no choice.I switched rooms for the second night and requested an upper room on the back side (for quietness). I got this request granted. But the new room had a broken shower head, cracked/blistered/falling plaster, and a deafening TV from the next room.Both rooms had no place for my 21 inch rollaboard bag so I had to unpack/pack with it on the floor in front of the nasty bed!This room required a 92 stair jaunt to or from the breakfast room in the basement.The breakfast was the worst English Breakfast that I was ever served. The sausage tasted like cardboard.When I asked to store my bag for a pickup after checkout, I was told to leave it in the basement breakfast room. Fortunately, when I returned for it later, I found it ungaurded along with others still in the breakfast room.I since switched to the Sidney Hotel near Victoria Station/Pimlico where I have returned to 5 times.	
Aug 16 2004	Really liked this place	Stayed here in late July 2004. Walked out of the St. David's across the Square and found this place. This place is very clean, mostly bright and friendly. There's a good breakfast served every morning and the staff is accomodating and friendly. The hotel was full all nights I was there. They also let you keep your room keys and it felt very safe to me, compared to others. There is no AC, so be sure to get your request for a fan in early. Convenient to Paddington and shops in the area. Can't understand other reviews that call this little hotel dirty... I'd stay there again.	
Jul 25 2004	clean friendly and welcoming	I read some of the reviews on here before i stayed at the ashley hotel and i was so worried about doing there cos there was some really nasty ones.But when i arrived all of those worries went right out of the window!The hotel is a gorgeous tall old victorian townhouse, its clean outside and very welcoming. It is in a great location, about a 3-5 min walk to the nearest tube station, train station and bus routes to all of the sites. there are lots of local shops and places to eat, and if u like walking the walk to oxford street is pleasent and takes about 30 mins.in the reception u are greated by a very friendly person, there always seems to be someone around :), there are 3 old houses joint together and the receptionist will direct you to your room etc and tell you what building you are in.we had a twin room on the fourth floor, (not reccomended for the disabled, old or unfit) the walk up the 6 flights of stairs is hard and steep. but being right up the top is very quiet and the rooms are much cheaper up there. there are also rooms on the lower floors and more expensive.the room is an average size, the beds were comfortable with clean sheets. you are provided with a radio, tv, dressing table, mirror, tea and coffee making facilities and a large wardrobewe had a en suite, which addmidetly is VERY small, and is the only bad thing about this hotel, but it had a great shower, it was clean and had everything we needed.in the morning you go down to breakfast where are u greeted by the hotel owner and waitresses who are VERY efficent and friendly! you can help yourself to as much cereal and juice as you can fit in, you are provided with tea, coffee, and toast! and get the option of a cooked breakfast which consists of sausage, bacon and fried egg, but they will scramble it if u ask :)please try not to listen to the bad reviews on here, some people are just hard to please, this hotel is in a perfect loaction to see london and is a home from home hotel.i will definately be returning :)	
Jun 15 2004	Wonderful stay	I have stayed at the Ashley Hotel many times since the early 90''s. It is a clean and cozy b&amp;b. Very nice and friendly staff. Great location. Would certainly stay there again.	
Apr 11 2004	Dull dirty and depressing accommodation	Yuk! This hotel is typical of many of the B&amp;B joints around Paddington station - dull, dirty and depressing. The rooms of small and the 'furnishings' resemble cast-offs from a charity shop. Whereas the carpets would be rejected by Oxfam. And the breakfast - the service is woeful and the 'food' is inedible. I wonder what overseas visitors to the Ashley must think of Great Britain? Shame on this hotel and all of the other over-priced and simply sub-standard establishments in the Paddington/Sussex Gardens area! They must be nominees for the worst value for money in the world and are a scab on the name of London. Please pass ther Prozac.	
Nov 10 2003	Got what ya paid for	Another Portland reviewer! This hotel was OK, it was cheap and location was good. The room was very small and the bathroom was doll house size. The breakfast is Ok and you can get the greasy fried eggs scrambled if you ask. Much better. The staff was very pleasant. You get what you pay for. We didn't pay much and got what we expected. There are at least 2 dozen other small hotels on this street, which is a great location. I'd check out the establishments but they all looked modest.	
Oct 4 2003	Avoid this one	A rather seedy hotel. I'm not sure the sheets were clean; the bed was all springs. The shower had mold and mildew, the shower curtain had a layer of grunge along the bottom and a filthy toilet brush was stored in a corner of the teeny, tiny bathroom. The staff were pleasant enough, but you can do better in this location (Paddington) and this price range.	
Sep 5 2009 	??????????????		
May 6 2009 	moyen		
Mar 4 2009 	Fait pour juste y dormir		
Feb 21 2009 	Me gusto mucho		
Dec 14 2008	Buena relacion calidad precio		
Oct 10 2008 	Hotel interessante e tranquillo		
