Oct 10 2009 	Good value	Public areas are a notch up on the regular Premier Inn fayre that most of us are used to, although rooms are pretty much on a par and nothing special, but adequate.Our room was the same side as the pub, noisy on a Thursday night (plug and play bands) and the beer garden is directly below the bedrooms. The other side looks onto the tube line, add to that it's not far from RAF Northolt's runway and you would imagine it's not ideal for a good nights sleep!However that wasn't the case. Had we known about the bands playing next door we would have gone to have a look, as it was they finished by 11, and Northolt isn't the busiest of places so aircraft noise isn't really a problem.The hotel's greatest asset is it's proximity to the tube though, so you can expect a bit of noise if you're on that side of the building, also there are a few shops and a Sainsbury's just yards away so everything is pretty handy.Contintal breakfast was included in the room rate (just £69.00), cooked options available but at a daft price. You can get the full works down the road for less than half the price.The bar was ok though and not too pricey, I guess with a pub next door they can't go too overboard with the prices.Overall a good value place to stay for a couple of nights with good access to the city.	
Jun 14 2008 	Adequate	I have stayed in worse but I have certainly stayed in much better. I had been allocated a smoking room in spite of a request to the contrary but did not complain as it was on the top floor with plenty of light. The two chairs were stained and the shower curtain could have done with a good wash. Apart from that it was OK, rest of the room was fine and the bed comfortable. Breakfast - continental came with the room rate and was nothing special but there was enough choice for the not too discerning.I would stay again if a bit stuck for choice but would look elsewhere first.	
Oct 13 2007 	Good hotel convenient for London	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Conveniently located near to A40 and right next door to the Tube line into central London (about 35 minutes away).Hotel has free adjacent secure parking. Felt a little bit intimidated by the security guard in reception - he could have been more discrete, but I suppose it shows the hotel is prepared for any events.Check-in was smooth. The lift to the 3rd floor (smoking unfortunately) was real slow....perhaps it's healthier to walk, but I couldn't be bothered!! The room was surprisingly good, if small. Forget the advertised 'power shower' - 'trickle power' more like it and this was the case in the other four rooms reserved by our party. Also, the bed and pillows were 'budget' and could have been more confortable but were adequate.Continental breakfast was included in the price and was good. Cooked breakfast was available at a reasonable cost.Staff at the hotel were very efficient and helpful.A couple of good restaurants are close to the hotel.	
Aug 27 2007 	Great Location at a good price	Excellent location, very easy to get too from the m40/A40. Central london is only 20 minutes away as the hotel is based right next to South Ruislip train and tube station ,Very good free parking facilities.The hotel has a bar and restaurant on site but right next to the hotel there is a Pub (The Middlesex Arms) and 100 yards from the hotel is a very good Indian Nepalese restaurant called Rara's.Opposite the hotel is a Sainsburys Supermarket.Hotel staff were very friendly and the free continental breakfast was okay with Cereal toast fruit and pastries.The rooms were nicely decorated with a modern bathroom but the shower only had one setting HOT!! The beds were okay but the bedding was not too clean. Free in room safe and tea and coffee making facilities.	
Apr 5 2007 	Fantastic Value and Great Location	We booked a 2 night stay at this hotel so that we could visit London and take in a couple of shows (Lion King and The Sound of Music). We parked the car on our arrival and it never turned a wheel until we left for our return to Yorkshire. Hotel is right next door to the Railway/Tube Station and is well serviced by the Central line - about 20 to 25 mins into Central London. Clean, well furbished room with comfortable bed, plenty of pillows and duvet. Tea &amp; Coffee making plus continental breakfast - all for £79 per night. Excellent Indian/Italian restaurant on site with good menu and very reasonable prices. Yes, we shall use this hotel on our next visit to the smoke.	
Jan 8 2007 	Brilliant Bargain Hotel!	We recently stayed at this hotel on a visit to London, mainly to avoid having to driving and parking in the city. The hotel is located next door to South Ruislip tube (central line) &amp; train station and is therefore a perfect base for visiting London. There is obviously some noise from the train/tube station but not as bad as other London hotels experienced. It only costs around £7 to get a tube to the other side of London and back.We were pleasantly surprised to receive a happy, helpful welcome from the reception staff and were provided with all of the information that we needed.  Free car parking is provided within the very reasonable room rates, and there are plenty of amenities close by (supermarket, pub, restaurants etc). There is also a bar and restaurant within the hotel and although we did not eat there, we noticed that the prices were very reasonable for a hotel.  The room was spacious, modernly decorated and was spotlessly clean. It contained everything we needed and was very comfortable.A continental breakfast is also provided within the room rate and was more than adequate with cereals, toast, pastries, fruit, cheese, juices etc. It is possible to have a full English breakfast but there is an extra charge. In all we would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely return on future visits to London.	
Jul 31 2006	Check Booking with Hotel	Stayed here while attending a local party. Hotel is (in my opinion) 1 above a Travelodge but I did an internet booking choosing a &quot;Business&quot; room over a normal one as it offerred an iron and ironing board and a fridge (I loathe that UHT stuff so always bring a pint of milk). After checking in I realised that there was no fridge or ironing stuff. Reception told me that fridges were only supplied to Suites or long stay guests but they could bring the iron etc to my room (which they did very quickly). The air-con did not work but they had supplied a free standing fan. It seems that Days Inns are independently owned - this was fine for a one night stay, nice and clean with a good size bath but the room was tiny. But if you want something in particular that is on the web booking - phone the actual hotel to see if it really is available.	
