	No Frills hotel great location	Rooms were pretty small and compact. It is loacted a stone's throw from Kensington Garden, and is close to 2 tube staions, Bayswater and Queensway.	
Nov 17 2009 	Rare find in London	The hotel is in good position - walking distance from Queensway, Bayswater and N.Hill.Paddington is 10min away with taxi what is convenient if you are arriving from Heathrow.Hotel is clean and comfortable, and staff is very kind and helpful (what is not the case in some London hotels!)My studio was small but modern. Kitchenette is not for serious cooking but good for breakfast or snack. What I really appreciated is, even though tiny, but modern clean bathroom, with power shower and enough storage and hooks.Only minus was that my room was on 4th floor, and since there is no lift, stairs were endless and narrow to carry the suitcase.All in all very nice stay, and I would come back.	
Nov 13 2009 	outstanding 	I stayed in the hotel for 7 nights (end of Octob. - Beg. of Nov. 09); mainly, on a business trip, for a couple of days then i went shopping. I have spent almost 2 months, prior to my stay, surfing the internet to come up with the most-priveleged hotel to stay in. The reviews that i have read before i made the hotel reservation were quite accurate. For me, the hotel room can be outlined as being comfortable and clean except for the room size being too small but that is common in almost all of London's hotels. My only problem with my stay was the lack of lift which was very annoying for me inspite of having my room on the 2nd floor. This was a major problem for me specially when one has much luggage and there are no porters in the hotel that could help. In my case, i have been offered assistance by the hotel staff. Also, i had another problem when i first checked in. i did not find any safe box in my single studio which was supposed to be one of the room facilities that should be made available. however, the receptionist has told me that the room's safe box has been taken out for fixing. alternatively, after 4 nights i have been offered to stay in another room which has a safe box which was; somehow, a delayed initiative by the hotel, but i totally understand, for being dependent on rooms availability. Anyway, i really appreciate the hotel staff courtesy; as well as, the free internet service and the hotel proximity to queensway street, which has been full of restaurants, grocery stores and small shops; in addition to, 2 tube stations. I will be glad to come back and stay again in this hotel provided that i might be on a very short-stay trip and without much luggage.	
Nov 7 2009 	perfect for groups on tourist trip	Group of 8 in 2 triple apartments - one was large enough to put up extra bed, one was not. Apartments very clean and comfortable. Handy to have a kitchenette for breakfast, snacks etc. Bathrooms small, but perfectly clean. Staff were all very pleasant. Area was OK - no noise from outside - and streets appeared safe. Close to food shops and 2 underground stations. Other than the fact that we were given one room which really was not suitable for 4 people, all in all, a good place to stay. I can understand other comments on lack of lift - one of the rooms was in the basement, with almost vertical steps down to reach and the other was on &quot;second&quot; floor - I lost count of how many stairs to climb!	
Oct 17 2009 	Comfortable and Well Located Studio with Useful Kitchenette	We had the first floor front room with a small balcony accessed by climbing out of the large (and low) window. The room included modern furnishings and facilities - a couch, small dining table &amp; chairs, a tiny kitchenette and a small but usable ensuite bathroom.The room was a bit crowded but then we just pushed the furniture around to maximise the space around the facilities we needed to use - I'm over 6 foot and tubby but it still worked ok for us. In a converted georgian townhouse like this the room sizes will vary so make sure that you ask for something that will suit you! Vancouver is right beside one of the typical London treed squares so despite being in a built-up area its quite pleasant and still only a few minutes walk to Bayswater tube and Whiteleys shopping centre for groceries, etc. Complimentary WiFi was very handy and its location near bus routes, tube stations and lots of restaurants on Queensway meant that planning sightseeing and evening meals was really easy. Overall a good spot to base yourself to explore London!	
Oct 1 2009 	Value quiet nice room near tube friendly service	This hotel is near the Bayswater Circle line tube station, and also near the Queensway Central line tube station. Also near a nice shopping street, Queensway, with a modern shopping centre (Whitely) nearby that has a bookstore and Marks and Spencer.The hotel is slightly off the main street, Queensway, but that is good (makes it quieter).Our room (in the back) was very quiet. It was comfortably large enough.Service was very friendly. They seemed to want to please.Overall I could find no objections (except the minor one that the internet is slow in the evening), so I would definitely stay here again. A great value.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Location	My adult daughter and I spent 7 nights in a twin room. I'm very fit and didn't think the stairs would be a bother. However, we weren't physically able to get out large suitcases up to our original room as the last 4 flights (of 8) narrow considerably - even if we could have gotten the cases up there they wouldn't have fitted width-wise. Fortunately we were given a twin room on the ground floor. It was tiny and smelled of smoke as it looked onto a &quot;smoking courtyard&quot; (our cases almost didn't fit with us in the room). The next day we were able to change to a larger twin room with a small table and chairs and we were very happy. The shower is tiny but was in very good condition with hot water and good pressure. The kitchenette clean and adequately supplied. Yes the building is old, the wi-fi unreliable, the stairs creak and you can hear people walking upstairs but I think the location is terrific and the rates represent value for money.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great hotel in convenient location	Just returned from a week's stay at Vancouver Studios with 2 adults and 2 kids sharing a &quot;triple&quot; studio. Room was spacious; kitchen had everything we needed (fridge, microwave, kettle, dishes, utensils, stash of tea, coffee and cocoa). Front desk staff were very courteous and helpful; rooms were very clean. Walking distance to Bayswater and Queensway tube lines, Kensington Gardens, Hyde Park, Portobello market, Notting Hill neighborhood. Lots of eating options and pubs nearby; also close to Sainsburys and Tesco for groceries. Only negative comment: the mattresses on Sofa sleeper and cot were flimsy and not too comfortable.	
Aug 6 2009	A great London homebase	Taking my 78 year old mother to England I needed somewhere close to transport, with self-catering and not too many stairs. At Vancouver we were fairly close to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, and buses along Bayswater Road. The room we had was a 'large twin', but nonetheless was pretty small. The bathroom was modern and a reasonable size for London. We had 3 weeks here and found it very comfortable. I wouldn't want to do any serious cooking in the teensy 'kitchenette', but for heating up takeaway, making breakfast and snacks it was fine. Security was excellent and staff were very friendly and helpful. Resident ginger cat was very sweet .	
Jun 20 2009 	We came for the name and stayed for the value	As Vancouverites, this place jumped out at us online. Great budget accommodations in a nice neighbourhood, close to three tube stations. Kitchen facilities in your room make it easy to pick up a meal at a local grocery or even Harrods Food Floor. Very clean and well-maintained. We asked for a lower floor room on the advice of friends who told us about the steep stairs. The Prince Edward pub across the square is warm and lively with good food.	
May 21 2009 	Not too bad at all	Me and my wife stayed here for three nights in April, and found it to be a really fine place to stay, considering the price. Great location very central for West London, really close to Hyde park, tube station just around the corner etc.The only problem we had with the place was the kitchen. It was really poorly stocked, you get pots and pans but no spoons to stir a sauce with, you don't even get a bread knife. When I asked at the reception if they had a bread knife I could use so that I could slice some bread for breakfast, they said they had one, went to look for it and then said that they couldn't find it. 'Couldn't I just use a normal knife?'A bit of a joke really. So it's a good place to stay and make your own breakfast - but just be certain to buy sliced bread!!!!	
May 12 2009 	awesome place	Vancouver studios is like home away from home. Very cozy and comfortable. I love having access to a kitchen and the grocery store is just minutes away. This saves on spending money for meals. My only complaint was the size of the bathroom especially the shower which is very small and one who is larger might find this a problem. However very good water pressure. Be sure and ask for a room on a lower floor as the stairs are a problem to negotiate with lots of luggage. I loved the location, more residential and quiet, however good access to Bayswater and Queensway station. I would definitely stay here again. Very close to Notting Hill and Portobello Road. So anyone who wishes this location this hotel is a gem.	
May 7 2009 	Super!	Very good location, just a short walk to Bayswater &amp; Queensway tube stations giving easy access to different parts of London.If you like you can treat this as a room with a decent sized fridge (always a plus with me to keep my milk &amp; fizzy drinks cold). I found the toaster &amp; kettle sufficient for my needs but the 2 ring hotplate and microwave would be handy for some keener to do their own cooking.I was given a double room on the ground floor (that's 1st floor to USA readers) so didn't have to contend with the stairs and found it a good size but then it's designed for 2.I found the manager as far from Basil Fawlty as is possible and despite one minor lack of communication between a subordinate and him was very happy with the staff in general.Each room had an electronic safe which I really like to have as I'm unhappy leaving my valuables behind or taking them everywhere I go. The shower is good but it along with the rest of the bathroom is very small.Whilst waiting for my room to be ready for me to check into (I was hours before the earliest check-in time and only had around 15 minutes to wait) I met one of the hotel cats and a welcome experience that was too, shame I didn't meet their other one.Thoroughly recommended - I shall make a point of booking there should I return to London.	
Apr 17 2009 	Very pleased!	I stayed at the Vancouver Studios for 7 days while switching flats in london. Although the rooms are quiet small they cater for everything needed including a small kitchen. The service was very very good as I was also able to place my huge bags (8 pieces!) in their office during the whole time for a small fee. Lhe location is very central for tourists as its just a 5min Taxi ride or 20min stroll from the Paddington Express and has several tube stations from different tube lines in its vincinity plus the hyde park and the good restaurants/bars from Westbourne Grove/ Notting Hill.In short: For someone knowing the sometimes disgusting hotel standard of London in this price range this is a very good hotel.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great Stay	I stayed here for 4 nights in March. It's the best hotel I have stayed at in London. Nice quiet location. About 3 blocks (or 5 min) from Bayswater tube station. It's not a bad walk at all. Was very easy to find with directions I got off google maps. The room was clean. I had a standard single which was small but has everything you need. The mini-fridge was nice to put drinks and snacks into. As other reviews said, there is no lift, but the walk up the stairs wasn't all that bad. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Clean rooms modern bathrooms - a gem	I stayed for a weekend during the first week of March. The rooms are not too small by London standards and the kitchenettes are really handy and efficient. The shower was great (nice pressure). Perfect for short city stay!	
Mar 30 2009 	A Special Place	I stayed at the Vancouver Studios for almost two weeks this last March and I could say this a great choice to be in London either for business or leisure. The hotel is absolutely charming and all the members of staff, from the front desk to cleaning, are very helpful and polite. I felt very welcome all the time and the price is very good. The rooms are clean well equipped with a full kitchen, fridge, microwave, tv, dvd, and complimentary wi-fi and the bathroom has very modern features, the shower is very good, although a little bit small. The only thing that is really troublesome, as mentioned by several reviews here (btw, I picked the hotel based on the very good notes about it posted here and they proved to be very reliable as always) are the stairs. It was difficult to go upstairs with the lugagge. In addition, the area is quite, but also vibrant due to the restaurants, markets and services available nearby, and the Bayswater and Queensway underground and bus services will take you easily where you want to go all over London. The nearness of Kensington Gardens is also a plus. All in all, a very pleasant stay in a very special place, to which I would definitley return.	
Mar 29 2009 	nice hotel clean plush good value	I stayed 3 nights in this hotel. I found it to be very clean, good location about 5-7 minutes from the Bayswater tube station, near lots of restaurants and shops. hotel staff was friendly. The room was very clean and included a kitchenette. I would recommend this hotel to others and would stay here again.	
Mar 23 2009 	quiet decent neighbourhood 	Quiet &amp; decent residential neighbourhood but also close to tube stations (3 mins to Bayswater &amp; extra 3 mins to Queensway), with diff kinds of eateries &amp; supermkt on Queensway &amp; Westbourne Grove.i stayed in a single ensuite room (#33) for 7 days, the rm was a bit small but clean. Kitchen facilities are provided within the rm (electric stove, electric kettle, microwave, fridge, sink, cooking utensils, plates &amp; cutlery). Excellent when u're tired of dining outside and want to enjoy a quiet meal or just want to reheat your muffin.i thought to myself, if i were to station in London, i would love to live in that area too. (But i guess it must be expensive since it's a decent residential area?)	
Mar 21 2009 	Quiet and Cute	My husband and I stayed here for a week in London. It's a quiet, convenient place to stay. The uncomfortable mattress would be my only big complaint. We wanted a place where we could keep and make food. This worked out very well. It is close to the Bayswater tube station and is a quick ride from there to all of the essential tourist sites. The neighborhood is filled with tourists and Queensway St. is very busy and kind of turned me off. If you are looking to &quot;blend in with the locals&quot;, I would recommend a different neighborhood or avoiding that street altogether.The stairwells are quite narrow and steep, so if you have trouble getting up stairs (especially with luggage) request a room on the ground or first floor. I would recommend this hotel to friends, but I would probably stay in a different part of town next time just by personal preference. Overall, we had an awesome time and this hotel worked out great for us! The staff were very friendly :)	
Jan 30 2009 	Perfect place to stay in London	I stayed in the Vancouver studios &quot;garden apartment&quot; with four family members this past Christmas. We couldn't hope to find a better place! The apartment was absolutely perfect for us. The three bedrooms are on the lower level--technically below ground, but each room has plenty of windows and light from the interior patios. There is a master bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and two smaller bedrooms, one with a full-size bed and one with twin bunk beds. There is also a full-size bathroom downstairs--plenty of space for five adults. The beds were very comfortable, and the bathrooms were immaculate. Upstairs was a cozy living room with two couches, a TV and DVD-player (note that American DVDs won't play in Europe, but the hotel has a DVD library you can use), and a small table with chairs. The kitchen was superb, with a dishwasher, full stove, refrigerator, washer/dryer combo, and plenty of plates, silverware, pots, etc. We controlled our own heat in the apartment, so we could be as toasty as we wanted on cold London nights. The apartment overlooks a charming interior courtyard which we would have spent more time in had it not been freezing outside. And Zeus, a lovely orange tabby who lives in the courtyard, paid us plenty of visits. The hotel staff could not have been more friendly and accomodating throughout our stay. The sitting room in the main hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas, which made us feel as comfortable as if we'd all been at home together.The Bayswater area is full of shops, pubs, and restaurants, like most places in central London, including some excellent Middle Eastern dining. The hotel is a short walk from two tube stations--we had no difficulty getting around, and never had to take a cab. From now on I'll always stay in Vancouver Studios when I'm in London!	
Jan 4 2009 	Perfect Choice for an Affordable London Trip	My secret for a wonderful and affordable trip to London - Vancouver Studios! After first staying here in 2002, I returned in November 2007, March 2008, and December 2008. All rooms have a mini-kitchenette as well as bathroom and a table to eat at. I have enjoyed a smaller single studio, a larger single studio as well as different twin studios. If you like to travel light, the hotel has a washer and dryer on site - and at a much cheaper cost than a checked bag fee! Vancouver Studios incorporates several homey touches ranging from an inviting lounge to a free book lending library, a reasonably priced DVD library and even a house cat. The hotel is within a 5 minute walk to two tube stations (Central, District and Circle lines) as well as a brief walk to Bayswater, Kensington Gardens and Notting Hill. There are 4 grocery stores within a 5-10 minute walk for those who choose to take advantage of the kitchenette and each room has a listing of staff restaurant favorites to eat at or for takeaway. The hotel has 24 hour security so I always feel safe. Yes, some of the rooms are up multiple flights of stairs, but if you are not fit or have mobility concerns, there are rooms on the ground and first floors (just ask when you book). Vancouver Studios is a real gem.	
Dec 31 2008 	Highly recommended!	We stayed at Vancouver Studios for four days at Easter and enjoyed it so much that we booked a week there for Christmas. I can't imagine a nicer hotel for Christmas - very cosy and homey, and the staff are wonderful - really friendly and helpful. We even got chocolates and a bottle of champagne on Christmas Day! At Easter we had a twin studio that was very small, but this time we booked a balcony studio and didn't regret it. It was roomy, stylish, and immaculate, and had a very comfortable king-size bed, a small, but beautiful bathroom with lots of hot water, a modern kitchenette and all the other facilities you need to make you feel at home, including free internet. The location is great - on a fairly quiet street in lively Bayswater, near two tube stations and loads of shops, restaurants and services of all kinds. We will definitely stay there again!	
Nov 19 2008 	just great!	i spent 5 days in this small hotel. i found it very nice and clean. Warm atmosphere and smart front office people. the lounge is a very relaxing place. My room was a single one: not too big but clean and fully equipped. Showers just renovated are really good only weak point was the my room was located on third floor. without lift and with 2 luggages it has been a little bit hard to reach.	
Nov 19 2008 	Right Place right price	Fantastico! Perfect place, Look No Lift! same floor are high, but it's time to do exercise. I was for Job and they are Curtesy and kind, they help in everything you need, they give you adaptor (deposit 5P), FREE WI FI, free Pc station, No breakfast but tee facility with biscuit in room. Good shower! rooms are spaciosus, ambient warm, people are very kind they trust you, they help you! This is right place where you can spend your money. I hope that they keep like that also in the featurs. Close to Bayswater station and also you can stop in Queensway, so you are close to city center of London and Hyde Park. Giovanni Greco	
Nov 12 2008 	wonderful surprise	This is a little gem perfectly placed to wander Batswater, Notting Hill and Portobello Rd. Everything from the friedly welcome by the 'hostess with the mostest' at reception to the pretty room for one with comfy bed, dvd player and flat screen [that had good reception] modern cooking facilities and shower room/loo made this hotel a joy to stay in.I can't understand the moans about the stairs - this is a beautiful historic house - knocking it about to put a lift in would be madness and I'm no spring chicken.I will return!	
Nov 4 2008 	Cozy and clean digs in Bayswater	Overall was quite pleased with my stay. The room was small but comfortable, it was kept nicely cleaned throughout my stay, and the kitchenette was very convenient. I only used the microwave, fridge, toaster and electric kettle, but they all came in handy. Loved that super-quick electric kettle! Bathroom facilities were quite small, but they were new, modern, and clean, and worked fine.Staff were friendly and helpful. There's someone at the desk 24/7, as you have to buzz at the front door in order to enter, and you have to leave your key at the desk whenever you leave the building. I thought that would be a pain, but it really wasn't.The only downsides were: the stairs! OMG the stairs! My room was on the fourth floor, which to Americans is the fifth floor. The last two flights of stairs are very steep and very narrow, and quite daunting even if you haven't spent the day walking all over the city sightseeing! So be sure to request a room on the lower floor if you don't think you can handle it. You have been warned!The second downside was that it could be a bit noisy, but that's true of most hotels, I think. I brought my travel white noise machine and that drowned out street and neighbor noise well enough for me to sleep comfortably.And third, the digital tv reception was awful. I couldn't even get the regular BBC channels! But why are you watching telly? There are much more interesting things to do in London than that!Very convenient to Bayswater and Queensway tube stations, and to a few bus routes. Nearby thoroughfares Queensway and Westbourne Grove have plenty of restaurants, shops, and services (post office, banks, currency exchange, etc.) to meet any immediate needs you might have. I felt safe walking in the neighborhood, even alone at night, as there was always plenty of street traffic about.If you bring your laptop or PDA the wifi in the hotel is free and reliable (just make sure they give you the right password when you check in--I was told the wrong thing at first). Also available on site is the use of a washer and dryer (detergent and softener included) for a fee. I did one load of laundry while I was there, and was satisfied with it.I'd consider staying there again as long as I had a room on a lower floor. I'm getting too old for stairs!	
Sep 26 2008 	Great Location - Custom Service	I stayed in Unit #8 of Vancouver Studios in early September and truly enjoyed the location, staff, layout of the unit and condition of the unit. Unit #8 has 3 bedrooms downstairs (master bedroom, a room with bunk beds and a room with a twin) a living room upstairs (flat screen &amp; dvd player) along with a full kitchen (also a washer/dryer in one discretely enclosed cupboard in the corner of the kitchen). The unit opens up to a nice side portion of the cottage garden which lies behind Vancouver Studios. The table in the garder served as a nice place to email as i did receive wireless access there in addition to inside the unit, but also to enjoy meals we prepared from the kitchen. Be sure to get to know Zeus the cat who resides in garden as she definitely loves to receive attention. The staff were always most kind and attentive. The unit was thoroughly cleaned each day. Five minutes away is Baywsater (circle line) tube stop and another five is Queensway (central line) making access the tube incredibly easy. Hyde Park is about 10 minutes away for an early morning run, or an place to relax in the afternoon. There's a M&amp;S market in Whitleys just down the street for any food you may need for the kitchen. Overall we truly enjoyed the condition and custom friendly feel of Vancouver Studios and would no doubt stay here again. I was happy to not have to walk the narrow steep stairs to the higher floors however.	
Sep 18 2008	Loved loved loved it!	I stayed at Vancouver Studios for 2 nights in June and absolutely loved it! I am a frequent traveler to London and always book somewhere with a kitchenette as to save money on food. This was my first time at Vancouver Studios and it is my new favorite hotel! I was supposed to spend both nights in a single room, but on the first day my mother's flight got canceled and she needed somewhere to spend the night. I phoned Vancouver Studios from Heathrow to see if they had any doubles to accommodate my mom. They didn't, BUT they put us in their 3 bedroom flat for the same price as a double! It was absolutely beautiful, with a lovely modern kitchen (with delicious tea and biscuits provided), a nice living room, three great bedrooms and two bathrooms. What a treat! You enter through a garden door, and essentially have a personal private garden, truly an oasis in the middle of the city. I would definitely recommend it if you are traveling with a larger group or family.On the second night I was on the opposite end of the spectrum, in a small single room. While it was certainly small, it had everything I could possibly need. The bed was incredibly comfortable and had a nice flat screen TV mounted on the wall, plus a DVD player (DVDs are available to take for the night from reception!). The little kitchen is well appointed, and the bath was very nice. Another wonderful night!Location is superb, within 5 minutes from two tube stations, Bayswater (Circle-District) and Queensway (Central), and in a nice neighborhood with plenty of restaurants and both a large Tesco and M&amp;S to buy food for your studio. The common sitting room is a plus, a very comfortable place to relax and use the internet terminal they provide. The staff were so friendly and greeted me by name the whole brief time I was there. It really impressed me that they were to gracious in accommodating me and my stranded mother, I can hardly recommend the place highly enough!	
Jun 13 2008 	Loved Vancouver Studios!	This hotel is clean, friendly, comfortable, and centrally located. You can't do better for the price in London!	
Jun 3 2008 	Perfect!	The moment we open a door of our room in a hotel can be the starting point of a hell's trip or the opening of the heaven's door. At Vancouver Studios that exact moment will stay in our memories forever. Great, great surprise!The room was on the fisrt floor (I asked for a room on a lower floor, after reading some reviews here). Very clean, with a big window, a table with two chairs, a functional kitchen, with new equipments like a silver stylish microwave, a sink, stove, a short but quite large fridge working very well, useful pots and knives, forks, spoons, glasses, cups, etc.The bathroom was bright and clean, with a modern new sink and a perfect shower with hot pressure water.Also, we had Lcd tv, DVD (good selection of films at the reception - we only had time to watch &quot;Notting Hill&quot;...inspiring) cable with an excellent variety of channels and good speed free Internet access.They offer tea, coffee, milk, chocolate sachets and cookies restoring it everyday, so you can prepare it at anytime. The staff is wonderful, very, very friendly, we just felt at home with them.One of our biggest concerns, the distance from the hotel to the subway, was finished right on the arrival. Bayswater Tube Station is ridiculously close, really a short walk (and this staion has the circle line wich we used a lot). Just a little more steps towards Hyde Park and you will find another station, Queensway (with central line) wich increases the possibilities of going and coming with less transfers.The surrounding is calm, there are good pubs around, drugstores, Tescos, a nice Shopping Center (Whiteleys) right at the corner with a nice Marks and Spencer market, Gap, Zara, HMV, good restaurants, etc. And Notting Hill is just a walk from there.Resuming, if you want an excellent place to stay in London, don't think twice, Vancouver Studios is GREAT! Whenever we go to London, and we will cause we loved the city, our place to saty will be Vancouver Studios.Tip: I'm very grateful for those who told me to ask for a lower floor, cause there is no lift, so that is the hint #1. If you are a couple, try the room we had, # 15, very nice room.Soon I will post some photos.	
May 12 2008 	Great Base to see London	The 3 of us (husband, self and 8-year-old son) came to the Vancouver Studios while my husband completed the business portion of a short trip to England. This place was very convenient for all of our needs, the underground station was around the corner, lots of bustling small shops, pubs and restaurants, and of course Kensington Gardens. The place itself was on a fairly quiet street and had just what we needed to make things comfortable: the kitchen was clean and usable (we shopped a little and ate breakfast each morning before setting out), the laundry facilities were nice to have, the bed was good and the linens were clean, and the bathroom was small but tidy (my only real complaint about the room is the tiny shower, that and the sisal flooring could use a little sprucing up). The staff was very nice. We would stay again!	
May 12 2008 	Convenient place to stay	Stayed here for three nights in April. It's best to requested a 1st floor rear room (2nd floor to us Americans). No help with the luggage and no elevator. Room was small (as expected) and clean. &quot;Kiitchen&quot; was tiny but we didn't cook in so it didn't matter. We used the fridge to keep a few cold drinks. Location was convenient being just 2 blocks to Bayswater tube station which serves Circle and District lines with access to most everywhere you want to go in the city. NIce bakery about a block away on Queensway to get breakfast and there were several restaurants nearby for dinner. Queensway is very commercial and touristy with over 20 souvenier shops in a 2 block area. We would stay here again if only because of the convenience and price and, as was our case, we didn't spend a lot of time in the room. WiFi Internet access was free and connection was good.	
Feb 5 2008 	Love it!	|'ve stayed at this hotel twice, so it's about time I write a proper review. Though most things have been said in previous entered reviews, I like to add a few things.My first stay was in the week of christmas in 2006. Together with a friend we had a twinroom for about 4 nights. We got a really good deal via a website that I can't remember right now, and payed 120 euro per night!! As I payed almost that exact amount for a single room on another visit, I'd say this is certainly a good deal!When you enter the hotel the first thing you notice is the smell! They have done a lot of things to give the place a warm and comfortable atmosphere. Lot's of details. And if that's your thing, this is your hotel, don't expect a modern hightech hotel with elevators etc. (yes the stairs are narrow, but really not exceptional giving that it is an old building).The first nice thing we discovered in our room, was a bottle of champagne! It was a present because they wouldn't clean the rooms on christmasday. We loved the room, if I had to say one bad thing, is that it was quite cold, and the little heater couldn't help that.Someone has already described this room accurately, and placed pictures, so I'm gonna leave at this.My second visit was in december 2007 for just one night. The room I got was nr. 27 and it was lovely! As you can see on the pictures it had a romantic theme that I loved very much.The bed was nice, roomtemperature comfortable, plenty of tea/coffee, clean kitchenette and clean bathroom. Yes the showers are very tiny, one needs to concider if you're somewhat larger. All in all I loved this room very very much, and wished I could have stayed longer.This time I ordered a breakfast. For 5 pound you'll get 2 pastries, 2 yoghurts, juice and 2 pieces of fruit. Not bad for that price, from the looks of it the staff doesn't make any profit from this and really sees it as an extra service.The staff is always very nice. This time I had to reschedule my reservation to another date, and when I emailed them this, it was no problem at all. They always have a smile on their face, and are very helpfull and up for a chat. The rooms are ready very early -as someone else stated- which is something I found to be exceptional compared to other hotels that let you wait till 3 or 4 in the afternoon.One last thing, about the area, cause I see people writing about not liking it too much; to me it's my favourite area of London. And I am a single young woman travelling alone a lot, so I hope that accounts for something:) It's in a very quiet neighbourhood, near to Westbourn grove and Whiteley's shopping centre. Queensway really isn't too bad, its multicultural and if you're not used to that it may &quot;shock&quot; you, but all in all I've never seen anything that might be a reason to be scared.And last but not least, it's near Hydepark, what more do you want!I've already recommended this hotel to lots of people and will continue doing that!	
Dec 12 2007 	A cozy place to stay	I stayed at Vancouver Studios from November 29–December 4, and it was a great experience. I was traveling solo, and the setup and location of this hotel couldn't have been more convenient. It was also nicely priced at £79 per night for the large single room (I stayed in room 33). First the location - it's within a five minute or so walk of the Bayswater and Queensway tube stops. Between the two tubes, you can access the Circle, District and Central tube lines. Prince's Square is a relatively quiet street off the busy Queensway, which offers lots of restaurants and shops, including Boots, Tesco, and the Whiteleys shopping mall with a Marks &amp; Spencer. On the minus side, it was also loaded with a ridiculous number of souvenir shops and quite a few low end stores. I wasn't crazy about the Queensway atmosphere, but it offered a lot of conveniences and I felt very safe walking alone at night in the area. The hotel itself feels very homey. The lobby is more like a living room, with a couch, fireplace, and computer for accessing the internet (50p for 20 minutes). There was a Christmas tree set up in the corner of the room, which added even more charm to this already lovely space. There were lots of antiques and interesting items throughtout the hotel, and I especially enjoyed seeing the deer head wearing a hat every time I climbed the stairs to the third floor.I arrived around 9:45 in the morning, and they said that my room would be ready by 11:00. I left my bags in the luggage room and checked by emails before heading out for some coffee. When I returned, my room was ready, and I hefted my bag up to the third floor. The stairs were pretty narrow, and the third floor stairway was mighty steep - I was glad that I only had to haul my bag up once and down once!I had reserved the large single room, and was glad that I had not gone for the smaller room which was available for £69 per night. The room was long and rather narrow, but did not feel too small for just one person. The room was set up into two areas - upon entering, the half-bath was just ahead of the front door. Through a separate door on the right was the bedroom, containing a twin bed, small table and chair, kitchenette, and shower stall. The closet was tiny, but had 7 or 8 hangers. The in-room safe was at the bottom of the closet, and there was a shelf on top. The kitchenette was great - two burners on the stove, kettle, microwave, refrigerator, toaster, dishes, cutlery, glasses, the works! The shower contained a nice shampoo and shower gel, although it was odd to look out at the kitchenette while showering. They did not provide bar soap for the shower, or a facecloth.The room was very clean, and was kept that way throughout my stay - towels were always replaced, my dishes were washed, and the coffee service replenished. The walls were the only thing that looked a little grimy - they could've done with a bit of a wipe-down, as there were some dirty fingerprints and such in several places. The bed was a bit on the soft side for me, but I can sleep on pretty much anything. The duvet was quite comfortable, and I appreciated having the extra pillow.The TV was mounted on the wall, and there was also a DVD player. You can rent DVDs from downstairs for only £1 each, and they have a nice selection to choose from. The first time I tried to use the DVD player, it didn't work. However, it was replaced with a new one the same day that I brought it to reception's attention, so I was able to watch &quot;Notting Hill&quot; before heading there the next morning.The only thing that the room lacked was an iron; however, there was one available in the laundry room downstairs. Knowing that I'd have to walk downstairs and then back up three flights of steps made me lower my standards about acceptable wrinkles, so I used my wrinkle release spray and skipped the laundry room.The front desk staff were all very pleasant and friendly; a couple of them were especially sweet, and made me feel right at home. I requested wake-up calls on three of the mornings, and they were all made promptly. They also answered emails that I had sent before my trip quickly and accurately. I had only a couple of small quibbles about the place, neither of which would stop me from recommending it or staying again, although they could be issues for some people. The luggage room isn't locked, so you leave your things at your own risk. I walked in and rummaged through my bag after it had been stored, and no one seemed to notice. Also, as the stairs are quite steep, it would have been helpful to either have a lift available or have someone nearby to assist with luggage. Anyone with difficulty walking up stairs would do well to request a room on one of the lower floors.I found the hotel to be a very good value, especially as I was able to bring groceries back to my room. The atmosphere was very comfortable, and I'm sure that I will stay here again. I highly recommend it.	
Nov 5 2007 	Highly recommended	When looking for an inexpensive, centrally located Hotel, Vancouver Studios is a good choice. We stayed for 2 nights and enjoyed the fact that our studio (on the first floor, facing the yard) was quiet and had a small pantry so we could make our own breakfasts and heat up dinner (supermarkets are just around the corner). The pantry even had wine glasses! The bathroom was modern and very clean. There is an extensive DVD collection for guests to use. We booked through Expedia and were happy to find out that the Hotel had honored our request for a Twin, non-smoking room. The staff was very helpful and friendly. It was no problem to get our checkout time extended by an extra hour and we got tea while waiting for our airport shuttle. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 2 2007 	A little worn but still so very warm!	I've been staying at this property for years and though it is beginning to show a little wear and tear, I still love it. The staff makes all the difference in the world and manager Damian (recently returned to VS from an extended holiday) is working hard to return the property to it's former glory. That said, it is still so very charming and friendly, very clean, incredibly convenient, well-located, safe, secure, has free wi-fi throughout and you can't beat the price! I have recommended Vancouver Studios to friends and family for years and will continue to do so.	
May 3 2007 	Update Needed	I was moved here by Best Western as they had over booked the hotel I wanted to stay in this is normal for them, but I have to say I was very surprised by what I found, the staff were very nice and helpful.The room albeit small was clean and tidy, I even had a DVD and freeview.My only problems with the room were the size of the bathroom facilities, the sink was only a hand sink and I found shaving very difficult, and the furniture needs renewing.	
Apr 22 2007 	Lovely hotel	I was desperate for a place in central London for a week and not having any luck. Then I called Vancouver Studios. For £75, a very good rate for the area, I was given a twin room on the ground floor. At the end of the week, I spent two more nights on the first floor in number 12 which was even nicer. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. The rooms have Ingenious kitchenettes, great showers and Wi-fi. Plus there were all these considerate little touches such as packages of shortbread in the room, trays of chocolates in the lobby, a lovely garden in back with two resident cats. The hotel is next to a square, which is locked. The receptionist will give you a key, and it's a lovely place to spend an hour or so. I met several of the locals there The area is full of good, inexpensive (by London standards) restaurants.	
Mar 9 2007	Good Value and Location	The hotel has studios with kitchenettes. It is in an excellent location (on a side street off Queensway, near the Bayswater Underground station). We were two people in a small studio. The studio was somewhat cramped, but quiet. Good value (for London) at 89 GBP per night. Staff was friendly and helpful.	
Oct 28 2006 	Stayed on Two London Trips	I recommend this hotel b/c it is clean, inexpensive and conveniently located. I stayed here on two different trips to London - March '04 and New Years weekend Dec '05. It's a great option for those wanting to save some money.The staff was very friendly and helpful during both visits. The fact that I stayed here twice says it all. In trip 1 (two nights), our two rooms were both upgraded to the bigger suites without being asked. Clean, big rooms with big, clean bathrooms and nice street views (but not loud).Trip 2 (two nights) was a small double for two of us but still fine. The room was very cold but the staff gave us a space heater upon request which worked great. The bathroom was very small; toilet/sink in separate room from shower. Biscuits, coffee/tea and fridge, etc. in each room is very nice.The hotel is about a ten minute walk from Bayswater tube station. The beds were comfortable in both rooms.	
Sep 12 2006 	I hope this helps	We have recently stayed at this hotel and although the staff were extremely helpful under difficult circumstances, we feel that there are some things which should be outlined to help people make their decision to stay here.I realise there are many small hotels in London and the catering facilities at this hotel would be useful to some people. The rooms are scattered in little groups up long and complicated winding stairways. Some even have a rope banister to help you pull yourself up the stairs. We were in a room in a four poster bedroom and I just felt that the covering over the bed could have done with a good clean. There were crumbs in the drawers of the steel chest of drawers so my husband would not even unpack. There was an overpowering smell from the in-house laundry - which at least made one feel that the sheets were clean. The final straw for my husband were the piles of black bin bags in the corridors outside the bedrooms, I am just not sure if they held clean or dirty sheets. It is a basically clean, cheapish hotel with a little kitchen in each room - and I am sure it would be just perfect for some people especially if they have children who would like familiar food. It is very central for the parks, shops and Bayswater Road. As I said when I started this review the staff could not have been more helpful but must have been stressed by the number of people coming to ask to change rooms.It may be just the hotel for you, it just wasn't for me.	
Aug 22 2006	Nice stay	My mum &amp; I stayed at Vancouver Studios for five days at the end of July 2006. It took me weeks to choose the Hotel as I compared prices and reviews of almost all Hotels in London for subjects like cleanliness. For me it was the long awaited return to a beloved city, but for my mum it should be the first visit and I wanted it to be as perfect as possible ;-) Vancouver Studios won because of the positive reviews, the chance to stay in a larger room than a mousehole &amp; the kitchenette which we thought to be helpful. Finally we arrived there at about 11 am and were able to move in by 1 pm. We had room no. 18 on 1st floor of the left building, which was a large twin room (110 pounds/per night). The window faced the backyard, so it was quite´quiet at night (except one night where some guests??Staff?? had a barbeque outside). The room was very nice and modern furbished and very clean. The bathroom is not that large, but facilities are clean and work, hot water&amp;good water pressure always available. Big fridge which we filled with a lot of water and stuff, as it was very hot those days in London (by the way, also a fan was at the room... ), microwave, hotplate &amp; accessories, tea/coffee maker. Beds were extremely soft, good quilts. Daily maid service worked efficiently, new towels and some free goodies as tea, coffee,hot chocolate&amp; cookies for breakfast were provided at a daily basis. Digital TV, DVD Player. DVDs can be rent downstairs from a library standing at the cosy living room. There you can also use an Internet computer (fee). Outside is a little garden. The stairways inside are very narrow and there are plenty of stairs, so we were happy to stay on 1st floor. No lift. On the ground floor, we learned by random, is another large twin room, which has in addition to the standard furniture a sofa in it. But as it is laid next to the stairs &amp; people often return late at night after a pub visit or musical, it can be noisy. So I would definitely recommend room no.18. Staff was always very friendly and helpful. 24hour reception. Free W-Lan. The hotel is laid in a safe tourist area in Bayswater. The big mall Whitelely, including e.g. Marks&amp;Spencers &amp; Odeon Cinemas, can be found just down the road. It is a leisure - at most - 7 minutes walk to Bayswater Underground station which is surrounded by McDonalds, Tesco Express, Pizza Hut, Italian restaurants. Some greek &amp; chinese restaurants to be found on the way to the station. (Circle&amp; district lines) All in all we enjoyed the stay at Vancouver Studios very much. I can recommend it for both, tourists &amp; business guests. Last but not least: We had the London Pass with Travel Options Zone 1-6 and enjoyed the discounts and many free entrances to sights like The Tower of London or Hampton Court Palace. You can safe a lot of money with it! Well, if you visit London within the next months, say hallo from me ;-)	
Apr 4 2006	Comfortable clean friendly	This is a very pleasant little hotel in the heart of Bayswater. We stayed in Room #12 which faced the street from the first (second, to us) floor. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and the room (a bed-sit, really) was adequate to all our needs. A two-burner hob, a microwave, small fridge - all very clean - made it possible for us to make breakfast every morning. Yes, the bathroom was small, but the hot water was abundant and the water pressure was great. Free wi-fi is quite a bonus. When I was in London in January, and staying in a different hotel, I payed 10 GBP per day for the service. (Coincidentally, that hotel was Kensington Park, the hotel your previous reviewer moved to from The Vancouver Studios - I found Vancouver Studios superior on every count and less expensive.) Not all the rooms are created equally, so I would suggest asking to see other rooms of your first impression is not satisfactory. The staff there seem to want to please. Oh, and Bayswater Tube is very close. I would return to VS without hestitation. Comfortable, cozy, and convenient. No lift - those with mobility issues need to know this and plan accordingly.	
Mar 18 2006	To positive?	I stayed here in February 2006 due to the good reviews in Tripadvisor. The location is OK, I walked from Paddington Station. The staff was great. The room on first floor overlooking the garden gave a nice first impression. The shower and toilet were located in the two smallest uncomfortable rooms I have seen. There was a kitchen unit with a noisy fridge. There was a cold draught from the window, so I had to sleep with my feet against the window. When I cooked a microwave meal, my wardrobe smelled of Thai curry for the rest of the stay. I asked for a room change and was offered another room higher up. The corridor maze and the climb scared me. I have been trained in HSSE and was worried about several things: The cooker in the kitchen, the smoke detector (?) in the tiny hall, next to the power shower and fumes from the kitchen, the narrow staircase and the maze of corridors, did not see any other fire exits than the main entrance? I have visited London for the last 30 years and stayed in 40 hotels. I am sorry, but I was very disappointed here. I was so worried; I used the Internet machine and booked a stay at Kensington Park instead.Moen Norway	
Jan 23 2006	Quaint home in London	I stayed for 3 nights, while on a business trip. The hotel is an old Georgian house type of building, in a block of rowed houses. It has a very home-like feeling, the staff were very friendly and helpful. What I loved the most was the chance to get a feeling from being at home while not at home. I could prepare coffee and toast while getting ready to go out. My room had an appropriate size for 1 person, considering London´s sized rooms -although the shower was indeed small. Being a woman, I missed having a full size mirror in the room. The hotel has a lovely &quot;drawing room&quot; where you can relax while feeling inside a &quot;Sense and Sensibility&quot; film set. The Vancouver provides wireless LAN access in all the building -for free. My room had a DVD player, and I could rent a DVD from their library for 1 Pound. this was great for one of the nights I decided to stay in.The hotel is a few hundreds meters away from kensington Gardens, near the Princes Dianna Memorial -a lovely park for a walk. There is a lively area teeming with restaurants, pubs only 200 m away. I felt very safe returning there, even late at night. There is also a shopping center, with supermarket Marks and Spencer -the best in the area. There is also a Tesco Metro just in front of Bayswater Underground station, which is 200 m away. You can also take bus 23 that takes you directly to Picadilly circus. AVOID changing money in the exchange house in front of Bayswater Underground. The exchange rate s---- and they charge 2.5 Pounds commission. Instead, choose to change money at the post office, in front of the shopping center or anywhere else in the city, where the rate is the best you can find and they charge NO commission.I would definitely stay there again and I would recommend this to my friends.	
Jan 21 2006	Rare gem at Vancouver Studios	Hi, I stayed at Vancouver Studios in London over the New Year holiday in London, England. This property is superb especially fo rthe price. It is centrally located in Bayswater and less than a five minute walk to Bayswater tube or a 15 minute walk to Paddington.The staff is very nice and helpful. The room was impeccably clean and the treat was the Power shower...ahh Each room has a different theme. I stayed the nautical room. There is a lounge for the guests with internet access(charge) and books and dvd's and even records to play.i would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 14 2005 	Nice Place To Stay	I stayed at the Vancouver Studios when on business in London as a result of the previous reviews.I found it very friendly and homely while avoiding B &amp; B feel. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was clean and while it wasn't huge, it was a decent size for London.I'd definitely stay again as it's ideally placed five minutes walk away from Bayswater Tube and with a shopping centre close by.I was on the fourth floor and there were plenty of stairs to climb to get to it. Not a problem for me but if you've got any difficultly on with modility I'd suggest you ask for a room on the lower floor.A great find for the price!	
Dec 4 2005 	Good value	Vancouver Studios is within a 5 minute walk from Bayswater Tube station just off the main street. The rooms are small, clean and more than adequate. Staff is very helpfull and friendly. I stayed on the top floor and there are no lifts, just a very narrow and steep staircase - not for those with heavy luggage. Wireless internet access is available at no charge downstairs in the very small lounge. It is &quot;cosy&quot; but better than some of the other places that I've stayed in London. Bayswater is a nice areas and there is a modern shopping mall within 3 minutes walk from the studios. Will definately use it again.	
Nov 17 2005	Great place	This is a great place to stay. It's super clean, has a great shower (although small... but then again, we're from North America) and very comfortable beds with great duvets.It was also very quiet. We stayed in a large twin studio (Room 14) that looked over the garden. We were able to open the window and get fresh air without worrying about noise or getting robbed. It's located in a nice neighbourhood - close to a good pub,a fabulous Indian Restaurant and Marks and Spencer.It's a short walk to the Bayswater tube station, 10-15 minute walk to Paddington Station and 5 minutes to Hyde Park. We appreciatd our little kitchen and the friendly staff... in particular Lorraine. There is a very nice lounge with a lovely fireplace. The lounge was a nice place to sit, drink a glass of wine and read in front of the cozy fire. For the best rates, book directly with them at [---------------------]. It's not a 5 star hotel, but a great place to stay in London where prices are astronomical.	
Aug 16 2005	Excellent Location	Helpful staff, excellent location close to restaurants and 2 tube stations, with minmarkets and a Marks&amp;Spencer just around the corner, Portobello market a nice 10-15 mins walk, housecat for those of you who (like me) need a daily cat fix, practical kitchenette...very good by London standards for that price. I would definitely go back. Just one pointer: the building has no lifts and its staircase is narrow, so do ask for a ground- or first-floor studio if you have problems climbing up the stairs and bear this in mind when planning your luggage!	
Jul 12 2005	Good but not great experience	I stayed at this hotel in late June to early July. I knew it was a 3 star hotel, and since it was a single room I had reserved, my expectations weren't high. I was a single female, travelling alone for the first time abroad from Canada. I have travelled extensively in the US, but I found the hotel staff here to be very indifferent(except for a couple of really nice afternoon staff). Hardly a smile. I don't expect to be gushed over, but a little friendliness would be nice. It's attitude you would expect from a large chain of hotels. The rooms were tiny, as was the bathroom(especially the sink, half the size of a normal North American one)but I was expecting that. The room, though, was very clean. The bed was really comfortable, and the kitchnette was very useful. There was a small closet with a safe, but no real luggage room. No problem, i found a way to place them. I had no problem with the rooms, just the service. On the Vancouver Studios website, it states that all rooms have an Alarm Clock. This was not the case. I did not have an alarm clock in my room. It was fine, I just requested wake up calls every morning, but when I casually mentioned this to the fellow at reception when I was on my way out one morning, all he said was &quot;oh there isn't one?&quot;. Then nothing...he turned away. I just walked out. I thought my toilet was broken(wouldn't flush), so I went to reception and she came immediately up and fixed it(or so I thought). But when she left it didn't flush again. I figured out later on my own, that the toilet took 4 or 5 tries sometimes more to get it to flush(what a pain). Because of the cold reception, I was hesitant to complain. They forgot to replace my towels on 2 occasions. The lights weren't working one morning, I went to reception to let them know(around 9:30am) the person there said it would be fixed by the time I came back. When I came back at around 6:00pm, it wasn't fixed. When I went back to reception the person there(a different one) didn't know anything about it. I was leaving again and she told me it would be repaired when I came back. I came back to the hotel around 11pm, still not fixed. There was a new person at reception who gave me note, saying the fuse had been tripped and that I had to go in my closet and flip it back up. So I went back to my room, fumbled in the dark and flipped the switched in the fuse box, which I didn't even know was there. (I guess no one had the time in 14 hours to do it) If you do decide to book here, there is no lift. Carrying luggage up stairs was hard. You might want to request a first floor room. I had one on the second floor, the climb up the stairs was still hard. If an alarm clock is important to you, request one for your room. Also, there are a few website that states that each room comes with a DVD. That is not the case, as i did not have one. You should request a room with one if you like. I liked the room, it was small but comfortable, but service is important to me, and I'm not sure if I will go back.	
Jun 26 2005	Very good deal: clean well kept and friendly	I was a guest of this hotel in June, trusting the Tripadvisers reports. I bought a package (flight + hotel) with Lastminute.Overall, this hotel offers a rather good price/quality ratio. I found the hotel personnel genuinely friendly and helpful. The room was not not an unforgettable place, but was clean, well kept and with a reasonable size. After all you could not possibly ask more for a 3 star hotel in London. In my view, it was a rather good deal.The position is excellent if you want to tour London. Bayswater is a lively area, which offers lots of shopd and reasonably priced restaurants and is well connected via Underground.	
Jun 5 2005 	Great find in a great neighbourhood	Of the 3 hotels I've stayed at in London (all good, I attribute this to much research on tripadvisor), this was my favorite. The neighbourhood was great: food markets and shopping center nearby, 2 tube stops convenient, and many restaurants. Also within walking distance of Paddington (a bit of a trek but doable). Rooms were tiny (as is the norm in London) but with comfortable beds, and great showers (small but good water pressure, and good soap provided). Window overlooked residences so it was fairly quiet. There is a small kitchenette, I did not cook but bought prepared food and stored it in the fridge, very convenient. The hotel decor is cute and a bit quirky which I appreciated, and there is an internet kiosk (fee) and a garden. Staff were professional and gracious. My main problem with the hotel were the innumerable stairs...a cardio workout...it didn't bother me on a daily basis too much but getting luggage back and forth was a pain. Also beware there is more than one staircase, confusion about this had me desperately running up and down around the staircases thinking my room had disappeared. Like I said the layout is somewhat quirky.	
Mar 28 2005	I will (and have already)return!	My husband and I stayed at the Vancouver Studios in January 2005 for 5 nights. We specifically booked one of the larger studios (having suffered from claustrophobia in previous London hotel rooms!!) at around 90 pounds and found it very suitable for our needs and excellent value. We had been travelling for a long time, so having a small kitchenette where we could make our own breakfast, and heat up some food from Marks and Spencers supermarket just down the road,was ideal for us. So was the laundry in the basement (although the drier needs more than one coupon). My husband then flew home, and for variousreasons over the next few weeks, I visited London for a few days each time. And each time I stayed at Vancouver Studios, which became my home away from home. I stayed in smaller rooms when on my own, and I would definitely recommend asking for rooms on the lower floors. I had one room on the fourth floor, and it just about killed me dragging my 20kg plus suitcase up the tiny stairs! That said, I did book the room at short notice, and when I came back just three days later, they had found me a lovely little room (I will attach a photo) on the first floor.I found the Vancouver Studios rooms are excellent by a London standard, though as one reviewer noted, the showers are quite small. The location of the hotel can't be beaten though - only a few minutes walk from the Queensway and Bayswater tube stations, or the Notting Hill station in the other direction, and with dozens of restaurants and cafes only a minute or so away, the Mall nearby (where on the second floor there is an internet service at only 1 pound an hour) for shops, cinemas and food, and Hyde Park and Kensington Palace within easy walking distance.It is not luxurious, but it has everything you need, and is charmingly decorated (the lounge area is lovely, and in the summer a relaxing drink in the courtyard at the end of a day of shopping or sightseeing would be very pleasant), and the staff are pleasant and helpful.I have already recommended this hotel to family and friends, and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 23 2005	Best hotel in 20 years of visiting London	In all the years I've visited London I've never been back to a hotel twice - always been disappointed (and in some cases scared!) The staff at Vancouver were pleasant and helpful. The area is very convenient for the tube, shops and restaurants. My room was lovely, leading to a walled in garden, and the kitchenette was very handy for making breakfast. The only drawback is the lack of a lift - very steep stairs on 4 floors. I was fortunate not to have to worry about this but would check availability of rooms prior to future bookings. A very pleasant stay.	
Dec 14 2004	good value for money	I recently stayed at the Vancouver Studio Apartments, and found my stay enjoyable. I stayed in a single room, and even though I am only 5 feet 2 inches tall, I could barely move around in the shower. The room was clean, the shower pressure and temperature was also great, but there is little room for storage of a suitcase. However, If you are like me and spend little time in my room, these was a small issue to overcome. THe trade off is having a clean safe room in a great location.The kitchen was adequately supplied, and I was able to prepare some small meals such as soup and salads without too much bother. It was also nice to have a quick breakfast in the morning rather than face the hotel continental breakfast crowd as I have in the past. Marks and Spencer is 5 minutes away with a greeat selection of prepared food items that can be microwaved.You can't beat the location! 2 tube stops within 5 minutes, and plenty of food options. BEWARE OF THE STEPS THOUGH! As other reviewers have stated, the steps to the rooms are quite steep ( 57 steps to my room), and if you have any mobility or heart/respitory issues, I would definitely not reccomend this hotel. IF you don't mind climbing the stairs after a long day out and about, then I would definitely reccommend it. As this place is basically an old house, you can hear the doors closing and slamming, and footsteps in the halls. ( not a pleasant thing at 4AM ). Otherwise, it is a great basic clean place to stay in a great location.	
Dec 10 2004	Good value... but tiny rooms!!	We stayed three nights at the Vancouver Studios. The hotel is centrally located near lots of restaurants and just a short walk to Bayswater &amp; Queensway tube stations. We booked a double room with private bath for 75 pounds per night. It was truly a good value for London. However, the room was extremely small. There is no room for storage and barely any room to move around! Often, I felt claustrophobic inside the room!! Our room was on the fourth floor and there was no lift. We had to carry our luggage up extremly narrow stairways- there are no bellmen to help. Although my boyfriend and I are both young and in good shape... walking up those stairs a few times a day proved to be tedious and annoying, especially after shopping or a night out drinking at the pubs. If you have any physical limitations or handicaps, I would not recommend this hotel. Overall, our room was extremely clean and the staff was friendly. Oh, and our shower had great pressure!! I would recommend for the location, cleanliness, and price.. but just don't expect too much.	
Dec 4 2004	Very cozy and homey	Just returned a few days ago from London, having stayed at the Vancouver Studios for 7 nites and enjoyed it so very much. We were very pleased with the room, although of course very small but typical of Europe unless you are REALLY spending big bucks. However was totally impressed with how cozy it was, extremely clean, the beds and bedding were WONDERFUL, shower was great, water pressure was almost extreme until you got used to it. We had room #14 which was above the garden area and even in late November, it was a pleasure to look out at it. The kitchenette was very adequate and everything was quite new. And being pet lovers, we very much enjoyed the companionship in the evening in the room off the garden with the sofas, reading material, fireplace glowing and Panther, the resident cat on the arm of the sofa. Very much like home and would highly recommend it to anyone. And have always enjoyed the Bayswater area, handy and so ethnic. Very enjoyable. Mary Jayne Hallifax and daughters from Michigan	
Nov 30 2004	Climbing Mount Vancouver	Stayed 4 nights at the Vancouver Studios, November 25 - 29, 2004. The location of the hotel is a real plus. Just steps away from the Whiteley's Shopping Centre, Queensway, and an easy walk to Notting Hill and the Portobello Road area. Great public transportation links and almost always easy to get a taxi. The staff was friend and the decor of the hotel was better than most other places I have stayed at in this price range. I will echo other reviewers comments about the kitchen. It really isn't useable as a real kitchen. We had a small microwave with a tempermental timer, a refrigerator, an electric kettle and a two-burner cook top. Very limited pots/pans and dishes. But, it was a treat to have a fridge and made getting sandwiches or sausage rolls for a late-night snack an option, as well as a cold beverage when you wanted one. The biggest drawback is the hotel's lack on an elevator (lift). We were on the 4th floor and we counted 96 steps to the top of &quot;Mount Vancouver&quot; as we began to call it. I was glad I packed small bags but I can't imagine anyone who has any kind of mobility (or vertigo) wanting to stay on the 4th floor. The bathroom shower stall was very small. (Of course, I am a healthy 250 lbs, so I had more of an issue than my wife). On the plus side, the shower had the best water pressure and tempature control I have ever had in a London hotel. It took a minute to figure it out (one knob is temperature, the other is pressure) but once that was sorted out it was fine.  We had a good sized closet with plenty of hangers provided. The TV was a disappointment, offering only the standard 5 BBC/ITV channels (and our remote didn't work). As others have commented, there is no alarm clock or radio provided. The hotel doesn't gouge you on telephone charges, direct-dial local calls are charged at 20p - useful for making restaurant reservations. The double bed was the size of an american &quot;full&quot; and took a bit getting used to from having a queen-sized at home. In all, it was a good value. It isn't the nicest place I've ever stayed in London, but it certainly is good for the neighborhood.	
Nov 26 2004	Great place!		
Nov 9 2004	Good but nothing special		
Oct 9 2004	Truly a Fabulous Hotel		
Oct 5 2004	Very Comportable Place		
Sep 28 2004	Loved it for the money!!!		
Jul 27 2004	Value for money - and nice to boot!		
Jun 26 2004	Great location great price		
Apr 29 2004	Great hotel		
Mar 1 2004	Great stay at the Vancouver Studios		
Jan 1 2004	A very good hotel overall		
Sep 14 2009 	?????????		
Mar 30 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Apr 22 2007 	simplemente perfecto!		
