Jun 20 2009 	Unique Experience	Stayed for 3 nights at Fleming's Mayfair, 13 Half Moon Street Apartments at the conclusion of our central europe vacation. London was our final destination before heading home. I had chosen an apartment stay in London because it's much better value than London's overpriced hotels. It also offered us access to our own washer-dryer inside the apartment. After 2 weeks of sightseeing in Europe we desperately needed to wash our clothes. Moreover I chose Fleming's 13 Half Moon Street Apartments because it has a superb Mayfair location. All -n-all, the apartment was nice and for 3 days it met our needs. It was moderately luxurious, it was affordable, it had a perfect little kitchen, a comfortable king bed and a fairly modern bath with tiny shower stall and 1/2 bath off the LR. For 2 people it's perfect.However, a couple of complaints need mentioning. When I first arrived, the first apartment we were taken to had a very small double bed. Better suited for 1 person. When I first made the reservation 6-months prior, I had requested an apartment with a king bed---alll documented and acknowledged. When I intitally complained, the hotel floor manager immediately switched us to the correct apartment, while telling us how fortunate this was that the 2nd apartment was still available. Hmmm. No biggie, but certainly a questionable beginning. Nonetheless we got the right apartment and that's what counts. The apartment's washer/dryer was something out of the 19th century. The washer is soooooo slow, while the dryer isn't really a dryer, it's a tumbler. It took all day and all night to wash and tumble and by morning the next day, my clothes were still wet. When I complained, the hotel staff again apologized and offered to dry my clothes at no extra charge. I was able to clean enought until I got home which was better than nothing. Once that situation was rectified, our overall stay at the apartment improved. Also, something else worth mentioning. I noticed whenever we turned on the faucets to wash our hands it would take twenty seconds or so before water would come out. (Perhaps we Americans are too spoiled). Anyway, according to the hotel staff, plumbing in London is in desperate need for a major makeover. Perhaps we Americans forget how old London really is. Oddly enough, we didn't have that problem anywhere else in Europe. Hmmm. Maybe that's what makes it charming.Lastly, we had two TV's, one in the LR and one in the bedroom. Both were small HD TV's. However, twice I had to have service on the bedroom TV because it continued to malfunction. Funny, but the hotel only offers just a few channels anyway, making it really not worth watching. (Sometimes after a long day of sightseeing, we like to come back in the late afternoon and watch CNN, catch up on what's going on at home). Good televisions in Europe's better hotels are also very available, but not at this hotel/ apartment for some odd reason. However, we didn't come to London to watch television. Still, it seems to me that would be something that should be a given.Would I stay at this apartment hotel again? Oh absolutely! I loved the accomodations especially the location. It was comfortable, quiet and charming.	
Jan 2 2009 	very enjoyable stay	after reading the last review on TA of this hotel, I was a little anxious about our planned stay. I think to an extent it is all about expectations. yes, the floor boards creaked, and yes, there were trucks outside in the morning that were removing trash that woke us up, and yes, aspects of the apartment were not perfect (a couch was a bit threadbare) but our family of four (2 adults and 2 kids ages 10 and 13) thought it was perfect. it was large, clean, well appointed, the beds were comfortable, the bathrooms were large, tons of hot water, the staff was fabulous. we also stayed in unit 602 and unlike the prior review we did not think we were choosing the Ritz or Four Seasons. for the price and 3 bedrooms i was very happy with the value. the concierge made us excellent dinner reservations for our first night, arranged for a car to pick us up at the train station and take us to Heathrow and, best of all, landed us 4 tickets to see a sold out Oliver (not cheap, but well worth it) which was among the best theatrical events I have ever experienced (front row!). The location is wonderful, just steps to the Green Park tube stop. After 4 busy days running around Paris, this apartment was perfect. the kids were able to spread out a bit and we were able to do so as well. the staff was helpful and very responsive. the stovetop did not auto light and we had to use a match to light it up, but unlike the prior review, this did not seem like too much of a hardship. the tv's were working as was the washer/dryer (although it was difficult to figure out how to use it!)all in all, it more then met our expectations. considering that for the price we paid we got 3 bedrooms, a kitchen, dining room, living room, all of which added up to a very cozy place to stay, all for the same price for one hotel room at a higher end hotel (but much less than the price for a single room at the high end Ritz or Dorchester). my wife and I did stay at the Dorchester 3 years ago and while it was a lot of fun and very posh, i would not trade this apartment and its value for our stay at the Dorchester (i.e, i would not take my kids to the Dorchester, but would go back there with my wife).	
Jul 5 2007 	Please avoid it at all cost!	We took our two young boys and our grown niece to London during mid June 2007 and stayed at the 13 Half Moon Street Apartments in London Mayfair for 10 nights. This is a three bedroom serviced apartment that is affiliated with the Flemings Mayfair Hotel right next door. We were in the Sanford suite, aka room 602. We paid more than 500GBP per night and it was not worth one penny of it.First of all, every floor board creaked in the apartment so badly that you knew exactly where each family member was in the two-storey apartment. That also goes for being awoken everytime our niece went to the bathroom in the middle of the night or when our upstairs neighbour walked about in his flat! But that is just the beginning of it. Our washing machine was broken and water kept leaking out of it., this was eventually replaced. Three of the range on our stove did not light up because it would notspark and we were given a gas gun and told to spark it manually. None of the TVs in our three bedrooms worked. The TV in the living room eventually broke down as well. The telephone lines failed and the internet also crashed. We were told that these were all because of faulty lines caused by the flood in other parts of UK, but I highly doubted it as people living acorss from us were getting crystal clear TV reception! On top of all this, there was no cold water in the faucets of our bathroom upstairs, not a drop of cold water in the bathtub or in the sink. This was fixed and a tiny streamof cold water could flow out. Then the dining table felt like it was going to collaspe at any minute wobbling left and right everytime we had dinner. So we took turns to cut our meal to avoid the table from totally collasping on us. Being on the first floor right of Half Moon Street, you were awoken every morning bright and VERY early by delivery trucks and garbage collectors! I never slept past 7am and this was supposed to be a holiday!Now, to top it all off, the ultimate insult is yet to come. I went tothe Flemings Mayfair hotel (that managed these apartments) to complain about all these defects asking for them to be fixed in one go so we could get a semi-normal life. I was subsequently contacted by the Guest Relations Manager who bluntly asked me to &quot;come down and negotiate what compensation I wanted.&quot; It made me feel like I filed the complaint because I wanted a few dollars in return. It was the ultimate insult and it was done in bad taste. I refused the offer telling the lady that not everything can be measured in monetary terms! For the rest of our stay we were still left with a tiny stream of cold water running out of our facets, none of the TVs were fixed and we still took turns to cut our food! Yet iIn the end, we paid every penny on the bill, for dignity sake.13 Half Moon Street apartments advertised itself to be a top grade serivce apartment. Nothing can be further from the turth. The worst part was really the insensitive manner in which our compliant was handled. Please, if you need a serviced apartment in London, do not choose 13 Half Moon Street Apartments.Christine Wong	
Jun 10 2004	A Wonderful Hotel	Ah, polished antiques, chintz, mirrors, fireplaces, the air of quiet sophistication...this is the Flemings Mayfair and 13 Half Moon Street Apartments. My sister and I stayed in a two bedroom, two bath apartment for 5 nights when we were in London. It was a wonderful experience. The apartment was beautiful. The service was fabulous--fresh fruit, teas, bread, and other goodies in the kitchen and fresh flowers in the living room. The bathrooms were immaculate every day. It is not inexpensive, although we got a pretty good rate through Orbitz, but it was so nice to be in luxurious surroundings. The staff was wonderful, especially the conceirge service. It is in a great location, near Green Park. We loved staying there and it made our trip to England very special. 	
