Nov 14 2009 	Poor value but good location	Much like other reviews I've seen here, I'll reiterate the same messages:Negatives1) Poor value for money2) Better rooms in London for cheaper3) Very thin walls between rooms4) Loud traffic noise if your room faces the street5) Demanding and unfriendly reception and breakfast staff6) Don't believe the website photos (too good to be true)7) Poor shower facilities - damp and uncleanPositives1) Great location - Close to transport and Central London2) Showers were hotRecommendation during summer months:The much cheaper, cleaner and friendlier University College London accommodation residences nearby, but they are only open during the holidays.	
Jul 31 2009 	BED BUGS! There are better hostels out there!	Langland Hotel (aka Bed Bug Hotel) was disgusting! I have never stayed in a worse place. I went with my sister and a friend; we and stayed in a triple room with a private bathroom on the first floor. The bathroom smelled like a porter potty and we had to leave the fan on constantly to filter out the urine smell. Their bed had BED BUGS and I was the unfortunate recipient of numerous bug bites all over my arms, back and shoulders. It horrified me and when we notified the staff, we were NOT moved immediately. Instead we had to wait another day for a vacancy and slept on a cot instead. When we asked about compensation, we were given the run around. Our money has never refunded, not even for the night we slept on a cot. I've stayed at hostels half the price that were nicer. I can't find enough words to describe how horrible our experience was!	
Jun 6 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE	My partner and i spent two nights at this hotel and were disgusted by alnost every aspect. The staff were very unwelcoming and the room was a disgrace. the wallpaper was hanging off the wall. It was very hot and noisy as there was no double glazing or air con. The bathroom, which was shared by the whole floor, was so appallingly dirty my partner couldn't bring herself to wash in it. Overall a very bad experience.	
May 25 2009 	Alright and relatively cheap for London but try to find something else for same price...	The reception staff is friendly but they never answered my reservation request. Looks like the system jammed...Paid 75 per night so not expensive for London but maybe you can find another hotel in the same price range that will be cleaner and less noisy. Didn't look like they had vacuumed the room. Old mattress and noise 24/24 because of street traffic (on a not-so-busy street) and people talking (or yelling) in other rooms (you can hear them!). One part of the wall was falling apart!The two common bathrooms look like they are only washed once a day, including the wet floor where people come in with their street shoes...Pretty central locationFull breakfast is OK but the plates didn't look that clean.	
May 18 2009 	Don't stay at this hotel pay more 	I chose this hotel because it was very close to the venue I was going to on the Saturday. Big mistake. I had to pay the full amount for the room as soon as I got there without even seeing the room. When I got there it was nothing like the picture on the website. I was down in the basement with the tiniest window which had next to no light. The walls were brick painted over but the paint was chipping off &amp; bubbling. There was a double bed &amp; although the sheets were clean there was a feeling of dirtyness about the room. I was next to the communal toilet-nice.There was a bathroom with bath &amp; sink-no plug. The wardrobe area was just partof the brick room, so I left my clothes in my case. There was tea &amp; coffee making facilities &amp; a small TV, but the reception was poor. The breakfast was ok but as I never have much breakfast I paid for a cooked breakfast which I didn't want... Its too late for me, I only stayed 2 days &amp; couldn't wait to go home..but don't go there unless you are desperate or at least check the room BEFORE parting with your money	
May 6 2009 	Not worth any price to stay here	Extremely DIRTY hotel. Sheets were not changed in the 3 days we stayed there. The bathroom was not cleaned the entire 3 days either. Carpets were not vacuumed. Beds were made and that was all. Price included an English breakfast which was not worth it. The same people who cook breakfast are the same people who suppoosedly clean the rooms. HORRIBLE 3 day experience.	
Mar 30 2009 	Dirty poor value no facilities - avoid at all costs	This is the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in, and that includes several youth and backpackers' hostels in south east asia. The room clearly hadn't been vacuumed for several months, and we kept our shoes on at all times, even in the bedroom. The towel that I took out of the wardrobe to use was wet, and the room also stank of cigarette smoke. There is one toilet on every other floor, and the bathrooms were also dirty.The owners were not friendly, and we felt that we were being watched all the time.The location is good, but this in no way makes up for the cost (£40 each, with 3 in a room) or the dirt. We didn't risk the breakfast, preferring to take our chances on Euston station. I like to support independent businesses where I can, but a Travelodge would have been infinitely better - do not stay here!	
Mar 23 2009 	Don't Take Your Shoes Off	Truly dire. So filthy you wouldn't want to put your feet on the carpets. I suspect 'pets' were provided judging by the mouse traps on view. 1 toilet for 2 floors of rooms - an absolute disgrace	
Feb 22 2009 	Avoid	Ended up here when given shoe box in Cavendish Hotel. Langland is in a good location but that is being exploited. Rooms grubby and smelly, ensuite tiny and mouldy but reading other reviews we were lucky to have one! Very noisy as next to reception who chatted all night and doors banging so didn't get much sleep. For this price there must be better hotels in london.	
Nov 17 2008 	Dismal	I'm afraid I had an entirley underwhelming experience at the Langland. I stayed for one night and will not be staying there again.The sole good point is that the hotel is conveniently located on Gower Street.Sadly the place is run-down and shabby; in dire need of a complete overhaul. The first room I was given had a double and single bed crammed into it with virtually no spare floor space. The room was damp, the single glazed window overlooking the busy main road was filthy, as was the sink in the room. The en-suite I had ordered was not available, and the unconcerned shrug of the receptionist when I pointed this out was disappointing. My alternative room was in the basement and was again bleakly appointed and shabby, but at least was quiet.Breakfast was edible but with limited choice and quality.I payed £75 for my experience, which admittedly is cheap for London, however, there are so many more similar places that do this type of lodgings much better, and as such, I can not possibly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 11 2008 	Total Rip Off	Made reservation over the phone for a double en suite for a set price, when we arrived we were given a shared bathroom double room and told if we wanted an en suite it would be an extra £20 even though I had an email with a confirmed price!We were basically forced to hand over the extra money as the room and shared bathroom we were given was appauling.	
Sep 22 2008	basic but great..	Stayed here in september 08.If you want a hotel to just use as a homebase then this is the hotel for you.Basic but good.Freindly staff,always happy to help.Breakfast good and had plenty of it. I will use this hotel again as it was priced in my range and very close to all the sights.	
Aug 26 2008 	Basic	I stayed with one other friend and as we are both mid 20's females, found the staff to be a little creepy. Room was very basic, located in basement with large window and damp on walls. Beds comfy and clean, but would only recommend to people staying 2-3 nights at most. Location good and would stay here again for weekend break.	
Aug 21 2008 	Beware - choose with caution	I went with some trepidation after reading the reviews about how dirty the hotel was. But on arrival it wasn't so bad. The biggest problem I had was with the booking which I had done online by card but the irritating 'receptionist' wouldn't allow me to use the same card for payment as his machine &quot;wouldn't authorise it&quot; despite the fact I had just used it to pay over £100 on theatre tickets!! The hotel is grubby and the rooms are cramped but if you are there just to use it as a place to sleep it's fine. The breakfast was adequate but again in a very tiny room in the basement. But the city certainly never sleeps in Gower Street and as I had a room at the front facing Gower Street it was very noisy all night &amp; we didn't get much sleep. I only stayed one night with my son and wouldn't have wanted to stay any longer. I was glad to get out.	
Jun 21 2008 	Did not enjoy this	For the price I suppose it was ok, but we should have paid more for something better.Rooms too small, walls very thin, not an enjoyable experience. Glad it was only one night.	
May 24 2008	Don't stay here	I booked in the Langland because of a last minute trip to London. I arrived after 10.00 pm and it was only because of the lateness of the day that I decided to stay. The room was dirty and smelly, as were the shared facities. Never the less I put my head down and got to sleep. The following morning the breakfast continued to attain the previous standards. Sour milk and mouldy bread bread were on offer as an integral part of the breakfast. I was glad to get out - never to return.	
May 20 2008 	Dirtiest hotel I've ever stayed in	This is the filthiest hotel I have ever seen. When we walked through the front door, an enormous mountain of dirty laundry faced us. Our room, which was directly off of the &quot;reception area,&quot; was unspeakably revolting. The bedspread had numerous stains (some still damp), the glass next to the coffee maker was cloudy and spotty, and there was a large, round hole in the wall under the window. The bathroom was a tiny cell that contained some kind of makeshift shower. No phone room; in fact, the only phone available for guests' use was in a corridor on the first floor. It, too, was filthy. Breakfast is served in a cheerless basement room. Filthy tables, filthy plates, filthy cutlery. Our meal consisted of undercooked bacon, undertoasted white bread, and pale beans. The staff was even worse than the accommodations. Rude, unaccommodating, and thoroughly disinterested in the business of running a hotel. The only thing in this hotel's favor is its proximity to the British Museum.	
May 8 2008 	really run down	What a shame the owners have chosen to make no investment in this hotel. It is tired, shabby and run down. It needs a make-over. If all you want is a bed and you like a trip down the corridor to the loo and to use a rusting shower, this will be your bag. But not for me. The only things going for it are its location (very central) and price: although you will find other comparables in Gower Street which offer clean, well appointed rooms.	
May 6 2008 	So-so accommodation	I had very little time to book a hotel because my 91 year old father was having some passport problems and so most of the other budget hotels were booked and Dad wanted us all(icluding me and my 2 sons in their 20's) to stay together in a &quot;quad&quot; or &quot;family suite&quot; and be near Kings Cross Station. Hence we booked a quad room--2 single and one queen-sized bed all in the same room.It is a vey old building and clearly has seen better days.Our furnishings seemed almost as old as the hotel.Pros. Excellent &quot;full English breakfast&quot; (coffee, juice, variety of cereals, egg, bacon, beans, one sauasage, a half tomato-cooked, and toast with 3 types of jam) comes with the accomodation. There is a bus stop right across the street. Clean towel daily. Reasonably central location with lots of nearbye pubs, lower cost restaurants, internet cafe, etc. Staff pleasant and eager to be helpful. One sink and a very small TV with 3 channels in room. Also coffee, tea, and electric jug in room.Cons. We had a first floor main street side room and it was VERY NOISY 24/7. Room heating too hot and couldn't be adjusted--hence left window open and more noise came in from the street. No elevator and had to take a flight of stairs to get to shared shower/toilet. Dad had to take 2 flights of stairs to get to the breakfast room which is in the basement. There were 3 beds in our quad and no seating except the bed--crowded with the 4 of us in the room. The sink would back up several times a day with lots of gurgling. The cleanliness of the toilet/shower was totally dependent on who had just used it--some guests were pigs and left the floor wet and toilet unflushed, etc. Although there is a bus stop across the street it is a oneway street and meant that it was difficult to get back or started depending on your plans for the day--a consideration if you cannot walk long distances. We were staying in London to see the city and not stay in the hotel and so this suited our purposes. It was a place to sleep and clean up.What are now my preferences for my next trip,if I was taking Dad again? I would hope for a hotel on two way street to get about easier by bus. I would specify a non-street side room. I would like the toilet to be on the same floor if I was sharing it. It might be nicer to be near a tube station.Some further advice--buy an Oyster Card at Heathrow and use if for all your bus and tube travel. Convenient and thrifty.	
Mar 17 2008 	Avoid at ALL costs.	Have just come back from a couple of days in London &amp; I so wish I had taken the time to research this slum on here first. Anyone checking this place out should REALLY take heed of the reviews on here. Looked ok on the website; reasonably priced budget hotel I thought. On arrival we discovered it was anything but. All the complaints that are listed on here are true: Curtains (not laundered in years) hanging off rails, mouldy rotten surrounds in bathroom, breakfast cold and tasteless, radiators on full with no controls, housekeeping standards that are extremely lax.It is places like this that make foreign visitors think that we live in squalor and still eat rubbish. Find the extra few pounds for somewhere else because this hotel (I use the word hotel VERY loosely) is a false economy.I will NEVER mention this estalishment to anyone in a positive light.	
Feb 14 2008 	gud location but bad hotel	We stayed in this hotel for night and i am so glad we hadnt booked for longer! We were given a room at the front of the hotel which seemed ok resonbaly clean! Must admit they need to change the curtains they were nearly falling off! The room was very warm and we couldnt open the window ! my partner had to be up early due to being there for business but it was the main road the buses were none stop and even the windows rattled when they went past! In the ned we only had very little sleep! we thought a gud breakfast we perk us up havent not been able to sleep how wrong we was! it was stone cold in the end we just had coffee! this hotel has great location very close to tube station and local shops ! But if ur looking 4 a decent night sleep to view the city dont go!	
Jan 24 2008 	Don´t go	The place is dirty and shabby. Very few bathrooms for too many rooms. Breakfast room is too small, and service is so so slowly.And be careful with your credit card: We had made a reservation for two rooms, for four nights (5 people). One of us could only arrive the next day of our arrival, so we asked on our arrival if it was possible to take just one room for the first day. The man at the reception told us there was no problem, and so we did. But when we checked out, they wanted to charge two rooms since the first night. After arguing a little bit with the receptionist, he accepted to reduce the bill. But then, surprise: they have charged the rest on my credit card. --I can´t believe it--.	
Jan 14 2008	Left a bad taste in the mouth	I'll start with a positive, because it's downhill from here on - very good location. 3 tube stations very nearby, and a short walk to OxfordSt and Soho.My experience at the Langland was fine until the morning where I used one of the shared bathrooms. What followed was one of the most horrific experiences I can think of. I brushed my teeth in the basin and reached for the hand towel to dry my mouth and hands only to discover that the towel had been soiled with human waste. One can only imagine the kind of animal that had done this and I still feel sick at the thought of it. STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!!!!	
Jan 5 2008 	It does what it says on the tin!!!	I booked this hotel so I could go to the British museum for my birthday, I then read the reviews. Not good!!! My husband and I went anyway with no expectations. When we arrived we needed all the strength we'd got just to get the door open but not to worry we were then given our room key which was on the top floor (which felt like miles away, when we arrived at our room we opened the door to find someone elses belongings so we had to go all the way back to reception. They resolved the matter by giving us another room on the same floor. It was vary spacious and basic. Reception was very helpful.We knew what to expect so we didn't feel disapointed with anything even the cold coffee and uncooked eggs for breakfast! It was an ok stay and I think if your not looking for luxury and you have an idea what it's like you won't be too disapointed!	
Nov 23 2007 	Pick another hotel!!	The positives:1. Great London location (just pick another hotel there!)2. Subway stop located nearbyThe negatives:1. DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY2. Dirty bathroom (mold)3. Our reservation was &quot;lost&quot;4. Underneath the carpet, the floorboards were rotting.	
Oct 21 2007 	Cheap but definately not cheerful.	Stayed here for 2 nights in October. I booked a triple room with what appeared to be very reasonable rates for a London hotel. However , I was to discover why this hotel was cheap. We were allocated a room at the front of the hotel which was supposed to be a triple room, I've never seen a room so small for three people it whould have been barely adequate as a single room. The doulble bed and single bed were squashed up against the wall leaving approximately 1.5 feet of floor space between the wardrobe, dressing table and sink, impossible for more than one person at a time to stand. The room was very hot so had to leave the window open all the time but because of this the room was very noisy as Gower Street is very busy day and night. A fan was provided but this kind of defeated the object as this was also noisy. The room was reasonably clean apart from the net curtains which were filthy and the main curtains were torn and did not close properly, one fell down on our last day. The double bed was not actually a double but was a three quarter bed. I asked for another room but was informed that no other room was available. Breakfast on the first day was okay but on the second day it was a complete shambles. No table was available so we had to wait a long time for one. When we eventually did get seated there were no cups, glasses, cutlery, fruit juice, coffee or tea. Although poached eggs were on the menu they said they where unavailable I think they just couldn't be bothered to make them. Had the english breakfast but it wasn't very good. Badly presented, not much of it and not cooked very well. My opinion is that this hotel is cheap because it is so bad. I would advise anybody to either pay a bit more or look else where as there has got to be better hotels than this. I speak from experience as I have stayed in many hotels and worked in hotels for many years and believe that they could do much better than this.I don't know how they managed to be awarded two stars, I've stayed in hotels that had no stars that were better than the Langland. The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is good but there are other budget hotels in this area and hopefully they are better.	
Oct 16 2007 	Enjoyed the Langland	My partner and I selected the Langland Hotel for our stay in London, partially because many other hotels were already booked and partially because the room charge was a bargain. We booked our room through the hotel's website and selected a double ensuite. Our reservation was accepted and guaranteed within about one hour. The hotel's location is great: It's near the British Museum, Soho, public transit, and the Euston train station. The neighborhood is pleasant and quiet. The room was fairly basic--a little worn--but clean. The bathroom was small, but functional and modern. The hotel provided daily turnover service with fresh towels and general cleaning. Hotel staff were very pleasant and friendly. Breakfasts in the dining room (included) were excellent and the servers were friendly. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Oct 15 2007 	Price was ok but extremely noisy	My only real complaint is how noisy the hotel is. If you get a room by Gower Street you will hear traffic all night and it is loud. The fight night I stayed here I slept through my alarm (presumably drowned out by traffic), and the second night I was scared of missing my early flight next morning so I didn't even sleep. Front desk did not place a wake-up call even though I asked and confirmed it separately.Otherwise, the staff is courteous and the rooms are reasonably clean. The rooms are small, but this is London after all. The hotel is located a couple minutes from the Goode St Tube station which was convenient. There are an assortment of cafes and stores nearby and it is a reasonably busy area so I felt safe walking around at night.Basically, I would recommend this place if you are just looking for a place to sleep. It is not romantic and no in-suite bathroom would be a pain otherwise. However, as long as you get a room that does not face the main street I believe that it is pretty good value to stay in such a central location.	
Sep 5 2007 	They charged a night in my card after cancelling the reservation	My experience with the Langland Hotel can’t be worse. I booked double a room there by using the Book Online on its web site. My plans changed and I quickly cancelled the booking by email. I had no answer, so I repeated my cancellation in letters sent to their mail addresses. Some days later I noticed that they had charged the amount of one night in my card. I’ve been making phone callings and writing lots of letters and faxes since then claiming a refund without success. When I call them, they ask me to explain the issue by mail, but their answer never comes, so I have to start again… I’m afraid they are used to this behaviour and I’m not their first customer tricked. I won’t trust them again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Quiet small rooms but central	Myself and 2 friends stayed at Langlands Hotel. We got a triple room which was very small but was clean enough. We were situated at the front of the hotel which was very noisy because of the traffic on the street infront of the hotel. So if you are staying there it would be advisable to request a room at the back of the hotel. We got a lovely breakfast each morning which was included in the price. The hotel itself is very central and it is near a few tube stations. We had to share a bathroom which I didn't realise at the time when booking but this was fine as the bathroom was clean enough. A couple of times we were waiting a while to use the bathroom but that was to be expected. We found the staff very friendly also.	
Jul 25 2007 	Tiny rooms but the helpful staff made up for it	Although the rooms were small, the friendly and helpful staff made up for it. They helped us find laundry facilities in the neighborhood, arranged transportation to Victoria Station for us and were always smiling. You can't get much better for the money!!	
Jul 7 2007 	Stay away from this hotel !!!	If you want to have a nice stay in London, keep away from this hotel. I have stayed in many hotels all over the world, this is one of the worst ever experienced - including during my packpacker time. The rooms are dirty, and the sanitary facilities doesn't function, and are so dirty you hardly want to take a shower. The wallpaper in the rooms are hanging down and are yellow with dirt, and there were big holes in the bed linen. The so called breakfast was so bad it was difficult to swallow, and the service stopped before annonced time because the staff was having private conversations, so several guests had to leave in anger without having got any breakfast at all. The staff was in general quite impolite. This hotel should change its manager. My wife and I have had good experinces in other low cost hotels in Gower street before, but this one was terrible. So, if you want to visit London and have nice memories of this wonderful city, stay away from Langland Hotel on Gower street.	
Jun 26 2007 	May want to go somewhere else	Some serious issues with this hotel which is unfortunate due to its prime location. I am 5 1/2 months pregnant and reserved a room at Langland Hotel with a good bed for my back well in advance. When I showed up, they gave me a room with a mattress thinner than a mattress pad. They would not provide an additional mattress or switch rooms, despite the horrible condition my back was in after 1 night of sleeping there.In addition, they never responded to email, which is costly when you have to make reservations by phone from the US.	
Jun 7 2007 	this hotel is one of our favourites	We've stayed at the Langland three times in the last three years. We like the hotel a lot, The accomodations are simple and sometimes don't come with a private bathroom. The bathroom is often in the hall and shared, but the rooms are adequate and clear. However, several rooms come with their own bathroom - they cost a little more money but are nicer since it is more convenient. I generally had a triple and would share a room with two of my kids - we often used a hall bathroom which was okay,I loved the location on Gower street - it was near the Museum, the theatre, and walking distance to so many things.Plus, it is a safe area.The people at the hotel have generally been very helpful.But it's definitely a budget hotel in that the furnishings are simple - clean but plain. It felt a little more like a nice student dorm room which was okay with me since I was travelling with my teenagers. And I appreciated that it was clean.We would come back again, as we have for the past three summers!!	
Apr 28 2007 	Inexpensive good location nice people	My first stay at the Langland was in October, 2004. I found it by chance after the hotel I had booked was a dissapointmen. The Langland was and is just what I needed. I got a small room on the ground floor, facing Gower Street. Yes, there is a lot of traffic but for the price, that didn't matter. Since then I have stayed there in 2005, October, 2006 and just this last April, 2007. Since my October, 2006 and my April stay, the ownership changed and my reservation for April was lost,. However, Sam the new manager, gave me my same room, #13, at the same rate even though it is now a double. I use the bathroom on the landing, which like the room is always clean. Breakfast was filling and well prepared. To get to anywhere all you have to to is walk across the street where several buses stop and go to almost everywhere in London. (Get an &quot;Oyster&quot; card to save on buses and the Underground&quot;)For me, the budget senior traveler,the Langland is the only place to stay in London.	
Apr 14 2007	They should have paid me for my stay And I wouldn't stay there again if they did	Where do I begin....The staff said yes to everything, but did/knew nothing, when we complained about the toilet running in our room, they said they would fix it. When we came back to our room after a day of sightseeing, it was still broken. When I enquired as to why itwasn't fixed they said they are not allowed to enter the room when weare not there. When you ran the sink faucet, the water bubbled up from the shower drain. The second night after a full day of sight seeing we came back at nine pm to a gas smell in the room. We told the staff. They first said yes they smelled something, changed our room, not ensuite, then when the smell started to permeate the entireground floor of the hotel, the staff said that there was no smell. Then the staff opened the doors to the hotel, when I confronted him about this so that he would acknowledge the smell he said &quot;there is no smell, I just want some fresh air&quot;. We were not sure if it was sewage or kitchen gas so we left the hotel and travelled up and down Gower St. looking for other accommodations. The Stauton Hotel just down the road saved us.	
Mar 21 2007	Be Warned	Having read the other reviews on this website, I was extremely dissapointed with this hotel. I did make a very large error of paying for the room up front, before I'd even seen it, and instantly realised the mistake I'd made.The whole place appears to be rotting, despite looking quite nice from the outside. The rooms are shabby, very noisey, and the matress was very lumpy. Also during the night I suffered itching from the sheets.I'd have probably got a better night's sleep in my car!I have stayed in many budget hotels, including some fairly ropey ones in Eastern Europe. However, this is by far and away the worst I have ever stayed in.Only plus point was the location.One to be avoided!!	
Mar 16 2007 	Tired but clean	We booked this hotel after seeing the reviews on this site. It was ideally situated - just 15 mins from Euston Station where we arrived and 5 mins from the British Museum. The road its on - Gower Street is exceptionally busy and we were very pleased to get a room facing the garden (which by the way looked nothing like the website picture - it was a mud patch with some white plastic chairs outside our window). Our room was a triple en-suite on the ground floor - the sheets and covers were spotless as were the nice towels (changed every day) but the room was looking tired and dated. There was 1 double wardrobe and a small bedside cabinet with a grotty kettle on it with 1 small drawer and that was it - we ended up keeping stuff in our suitcases. The en-suite was a plastic pod in the corner of the room - the loo seat was loose, the tap leaked and the shower curtain was slightly mouldy. It was quite a noisy room being right next to the reception and main door but it wasnt really a problem. However the beds were very comfortable. It was extremely warm in the room and we ended up having to sleep with the window open.The dinning room downstairs was newly decorated in light blue and cream with white crockery - very clean and fresh and the breakfast was really nice - we had 12 slices of toast and there was only 3 of us! Very pleased with that. One word of warning - we asked the guy at reception to book us a taxi to take us to the theatre - I presume it was one of his cousins in a mini cab (albeit a mercedes!) and charged us £12 - getting a London cab back after 11pm only cost £6.40! There are good bus stops just outside the hotel and one of the tour buses stops there too - Googe St underground is just 5 mins walk away on Totteham Court Road which runs parallel to Gower Street.All in all despite a few problems it was a clean budget hotel.	
Jan 26 2007	almost like home	I stayed at The Langland for three weeks for an extrordinarily cheap rate and was not expecting much considering the area it is in. You can walk to anywhere within inner London from this convenient corner of Bloomsbury. Set amongst a row of georgian townhouses on not so busy Gower st., my shoebox with its paper thin walls was cosy with an extremely comfortable bed with two big feather pillows ,a fluffy white towel and a view over the garden at the back. The thin walls served as a vacant bathroom alarm system ( most handily) and on only two occaisions did I have problems with oiks making alot of noise late at night. I became very fond of the &quot;kids&quot; that staffed the place, working very long hours and doing a great job. Always friendly and helpful. The same can't be said of the senior staff , who could do with some lessons in being personable or at least pretend to be polite. A terrific hotel, great value for money and a place I would consider staying in again	
Jan 10 2007 	Very nice and cozy hotel in the center	I was very excited and surprised! Low price and very comfortable hotel. Nice breakfast (delicious toasts and scrambled eggs). Staff is very friendly, espesially Anne-Lisse! But it was a little bit moisy because our windows were faced on a road with big traffic and bus line. But we used to it on the seconf night. Also was quite chilly in room, but ok - refreshing! The hotel is quiet and friendly. Nice guest room. And very close to all attraction! Bust stop is right infront and tube station is close also. I would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 13 2006 	What a bargain!! Will definitely stay again!	Didn't expect much considering i was only paying £30 for a single room (shared bathroom) but was very pleasantly surprised!!Reminded me of a typical guesthouse run in the lake district or something like that- pine bed, flowery curtains and so on- but very clean and well kept. Staff were all competant english speakers- much better than ive experienced in larger 4* hotels, and their reception area full of guidebooks for tourists. ( I am not a tourist though I might add. )Area very safe and also well kept, great access to tube stations and buses running outside all night.Communal bathroom area (shower, sink and toilet) was cleaned almost immediately after i stepped out of it, ready for the next person. no mould, mildew etc.was advised on the website i booked from, that towels were only provided at a cost but this wasnt the case- a clean large towel was on my bed as i arrived.Room also contained large wardrobe, tea/coffee, desk, colour tv, sink &amp; mirror. bed very clean, 2 pillows, comfortable nights sleep.The only thing that i didnt like was the fact i didnt have a courtyard view room, so the noise from the road was very loud as the window was HUGE! apart from that though, would definitely stay again. but bring ear plugs next time :-)	
Nov 23 2006 	My back hurts and I'm freezing...	This was not my first time at the Langland Hotel so I shouldn't have been surprised but this last visit was rough. My room was quiet enough (in the back) but the temperture was inadequate; I found out from the staff that the heat is on a on-off rotating schedule. It sounds like the staff can't adjust the heat themselves. They were using portable heating units in the office and the dining room so I know they were cold too. And just how old do matteresses have to be before the management decides to purchase new ones? I was in a room with two beds and both were so old, worn out and thin that I could feel every spring and could not find a comfortable position. Saying all that, the location and price can't be beat, the staff is young and helpful, the common bathrooms clean for the amount of people who use them, and the breakfast is filling. Your stay at the Langland will depend on how much value you want for your money or how much cold you can stand...	
Nov 20 2006 	Great value for money	A budget hotel with a really perfect location - near the British museum and Covent Garden. Bus stop right across the street, the tube just two blocks away. Both rooms and bathrooms are clean and in good conditions. Although bit small, they are fine. Washbasin is provided. Beds OK. The walls are thin and you could be disturbed if unlucky with other guests (but not our case). The staff was helpful. We stayed for 3 nights and were very satisfied.	
Oct 19 2006 	Good location.	Like springs in your back? Sleep here. Like awful plumbing smells? Take a room on the top floor. Breakfast good. Common bathrooms OK. Run by eastern european staff - not a &quot;family run&quot; hotel.	
Sep 27 2006 	Above average...Quite expensive but you pay for the location	Room was in a good state. The hotel is situated very close to Goodge Tube station (Northern line)(2 mins walk) and Tottenham Court Road station(6-7 mins walk).I was given a ground floor room on Gower street which was quite noisy during the night because of engineering works and busses passing but it was not difficult to sleep.Advantages:-Good and safe location-Staff...Wonderful persons whose kindness I will never forget. They are from Eastern Europe. Beautiful young women who will solve any problem.They are also very flexible for the payment and they don't oblige you to pay cash. They are really sweet and it's easy to fall in love with them because they try to help you in any possible way.-Bathroom was always clean and several times it was cleaned during the day. It was flawless-Bed linen and blanket were really white!No hair no stains...Only problems to point out: -Single rooms (Shared bathrooms) are 4 x 2,5 meters so it's a little bit small. But I mean you only have to sleep here...London is elsewhere -Shared bathroom on the ground floor is not in a convenient position given that you have to pass in front of reception if you were going out of my room.You know privacy....Anyway you can go upstairs....-I didn't have breakfast there because it was quite smelly and went somewhere else. Minor or non-existent matters-Wood bars under carpet are a little noisy-Not so many channels on the TV(4-5)I would go back there because price was good compared to what it offered and to London prices of course.	
Jul 29 2006 	Friendly Langland Hotel	Just came back from a 5-day stay and then another 2-day stay at the Langland Hotel.It's not a luxurious place, but I found it great value for the money. The staff is incredibly friendly, cheerful, and helpful -- I'd say that they're the greatest asset. Breakfast: The fry-up that they give for breakfast isn't huge, but I thought it was just enough, and quite tasty. For those who don't want mounds of bacon and sausage, there's cereal. Bathrooms: I never had to wait for a bathroom.Wireless connection: For the first part of my stay, I managed to obtain a wireless connection through the hotel next door (The Academy). (I wasn't &quot;poaching&quot; since I paid for the connection.) However, the signal was only strong enough when I was in the part of the hotel adjoining that other hotel.Location is very convenient -- just a few blocks' walk to the Northern Line of the tube, with the commercial districts of Bloomsbury and Soho close by. I walked from the tube station late at night several times and felt very safe there.My only caveat is the following: I stayed in two different rooms, one facing Gower St and one overlooking the courtyard. I was at the Langland during an intense heatwave, so I absolutely couldn't have the windows closed, and Gower St is very noisy, with traffic and buses going all night long. Earplugs helped, but in future I'm going to request a courtyard room if at all possible.I'll definitely stay at the Langland in future, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to my friends.	
Jun 24 2006	very convenient clean friendly staff	I stayed twice last summer, once for 3 wks, once for 3 days. The staff is very friendly, helpful, very clean. Location is great, easy to get around London, however Gower street is very busy and noisy. The only drawback is the rooms are very small and very limited closet and drawer space. I did have to wait for the shower but they were clean and spacious. I enjoyed my stay and it was a good value for the money. I would definitely go back. It looks exactly like the pictures in the advertisement.	
Jan 26 2006	Great budget hotel clean rooms friendly staff		
Jan 15 2006	Very nice		
Jan 12 2006	cheap and cheerfull		
Jan 9 2006 	Location fair all else weak.		
Oct 14 2005	Great Budget Hotel		
Sep 30 2005 	Am I being unreasonable?		
Jul 7 2005	Nice and clean hotel with good prices		
Oct 16 2009 	Ubicacion excelente		
Sep 8 2009 	Sensación de dejadez y pesadumbre.		
Jul 3 2009 	voleurs		
May 6 2009 	Cuchitril limpio y muy bien situado		
Mar 1 2009 	vu le prix nos savions !!!!!!!!!!		
Feb 15 2009 	Mejor de lo que me esperaba		
Nov 5 2008 	decente e centrale		
Aug 26 2008 	Me robaron la cartera		
Aug 14 2008 	??????????????????		
Jan 3 2008 	horrible		
Jun 2 2007 	VEDERE LONDRA PER LA TERZA VOLTA		
