	Not only will I not stay here again .. I'll avoid any holiday inn!	My heart sank as I entered the dingy reception come bar. it was costing us £150 a night. and I expected more. we entered the dinning room - with its stained carpet and formika tables .. and one of the poorest steraks I'v eaver eaten (at £18!). the lack of attention and love was summed up in the serriously chippped cgalls candlestick in the table whic no one bothered to light. The room was fine - comfortable and quiet .. and why wouldn't it be for that price! breakfast the first day was fine - on the sunday awful - tavles piled with dirty crockery. litte food on the buffett - they were even out of butter - in the hotel accoring to the waitress. the final touch was the £7.00 per hour (or 5 minutes) to use one of the cmputers at reception to do on line check in. The hotel manager on duty and the receptionist both said oh those computers have nothing to do with us!!! such poorl trained and unresponsivive staff make one dispair, AVOID THIS HOTEL IF YOU CAN	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Experience will definitely go back!	From the day we arrived, up until the day we left (which was 10 days later) we received nothing but great service from the staff at Brent Cross. The hotel was perfect for our needs, and I can honestly say great value. Loved the pillow menu! Ordered from room service a few times, and was never dissapointed. Also ate in the restuarant which was just as good. Also loved having Brent Cross shopping centre accross the road - what a lovely centre!All in all a lovely holiday!	
Sep 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel!	Excellent service. Room comfortable and clean. Good location for central London courtesy car to the tube station.Liked comfortable room best. Good breakfast.Alcohol in the hotel expensive.	
Sep 27 2009 	I wouldnt stay here again unless no other alternative	We stayed here for two nights in september.We live in suffolk,so booking and info was gathered online.However,on arrival our quoted room rate for 2 nights went from 160pounds to 190 pounds! this was VAT apparently.We booked a room for myself and my husband and my 12 year old daughter.We got a room with a sofabed.There were no pillows or bedding provided for sofaved and on phoning reception,we were told that bedding isnt provided for the sofabed!! we clearly booked this room for 3 people stating one was a 12 year old girl.A sheet duely appeared for the sofabed to cover the bare mattress.This was unacceptable.Breakfast is notincluded in this fee,breakfast was 14.50 per person! way too much considering room price.There was no minibar as quoted only an empty fridge with a note saying guests can store their own food in it.I t wasnt even cold! the decor of the room looks in need of upgrading,pictures on the walls had tattered frames,some wallpaper was peeling in places,and the bathroom suite was worn and tired looking.If the room was 50 pounds a night i wouldnt feel so disgruntled.There wasnt enough towelling for three people either.On a positive note,housekeeping was excellent and friendly.I think this hotel is overpriced and the rooms are in need of a good refurb.Communal areas are well kept and attractive.The hotel is situated on a very busy motorway with a footbridge over to brent cross shopping centre.I personally found it a bit dangerous making my way from hotel to bus stop,a couple of hidden corners where you cant see traffic thats turning off the motorway.i was dissappointed with the stay overall to be honest.I doubt ill stay again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Bargain family break in a good quality hotel in London	We stayed here family of four two adults and two kids aged 7 + 8 for two nights, three days to let the kids have a sample of London and get to grips with the Tube again! The hotel is a bit out of the way at Brent Cross (and I was a bit worried when some friends said that &quot;oh thats a rough area be careful) however, it was that good we will be booking again for later this year.The hotel was easy to find and we left our car in the carpark for the duration of our stay and made use of the free shuttle to the tube station - nice 15 mins tube journey into centre of London giving us time to chat with the kids and plan our route etc. The londoners we met were extremely chatty and friendly giving us tips and even giving up seats on the tube - nothing like what I expected (standoffish and not interested).After full days out sightseeing on our return to Brent X tube station, we rang the shuttle number and they arrived within five minutes to transport us back to the hotel. Staff were friendly, breakfast was nice and filling to set us up for a busy day and it was fantastic value for money.We saw all the usual sights, Buck Palace, Natural History Museum, Trafalgar Square, Big Ben etc etc but our kids really enjoyed the Duck Tours which was an amphibious tank which goes straight from land to water down slipway. Rubbish guide but the actual journey was enjoyable and different. Dont go on this expecting to learn anything about London! only to sing happy birthday to anyone whose birthday it was within the last month! We also enjoyed the Hunterian Museum at Holborn - free to get in and we were there a good couple of hours looking at exhibits in jars, weird and wonderful things. The kids really liked it there and they got pencils and an activity book to fill in about the different items to find etc. Very interesting and made you say &quot;oh my god look at that&quot; time and time again! Donations were very welcomed and we thought it was well worth putting something in. All in all we had a fantastic family break and really enjoyed London and the Holiday Inn at Brent X and will be returning within the next few months to do the things we missed out on first time around.	
Sep 19 2009 	Standard Holiday Inn	There is much to say about this hotel, it is a bog standard Holiday inn, nothing wrong with, nothing special about it, The room was clean and well equipped, Staff were friendly, food and drink was OK , again a standard holiday menu and price, The hotel is located across a busy road from the Brent cross shopping center witch makes it a good location for shoppers, despite being next o a busy inter junction there wasn't any problems with noise.The tube station is a 10 minute walk away for they provide a shuttle bus(by request only)Over all this hotel is perfectly fine for a good nights sleep if you want to be near the shopping center of wembly, but don't expect a luxury stay	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent perfect hotel for events at Wembley	Stayed here as part of a trip to Wembley to see U2. The hotel was excellent. Very comfortable room and public areas. Staff were incredibly helpful, advising on the best way to get to the stadium (its a 2 minute walk to the bus stop for the 182 which takes you to Wembley). The included buffet breakfast was also very good, excellent selection refreshed regularly.The hotel is opposite Brent Cross Shopping Centre whih is easily accessible via the footbridge.The hotel offers a shuttle service to and from Brent Cross Underground. We didn't realise this on arrival and the 10 min walk with luggage is tricky especially across busy roads etc, so make sure that you take advantage of this service if you're arriving by tube.Although the hotel is excellent and perfect for Wembley or other North London venues, I think that its a little far out if you're looking to do the traditional London sights. The tube journey into central London is about 15-20 mins.	
Aug 15 2009 	A perfect base to explore London from!	Stayed at the holiday inn Brent cross for one night as we were going to the U2 gig at Wembley, and it could not have been better. Straight off the M1 and drove straight there! adiquate parking, and a warm welcome on reception. Hotel very clean and tidy, staff could not do enough for us. Even provided easy directions to the bus stops, and bus' needed to get to and fro to Wembley. Relaxed bar area, and very good dining room where we enjoyed a massive breakfast that you help yourself to, and there was a huge range from cereals to fruit, and cold meats to the full English!On check out ask if we could leave the car in the car park while we popped over to the Brent Cross shopping centre, and it was no trouble! The only thing you should be aware of is too cut down on wastage, if you want shower gels, shower caps Tooth paste etc, they are not in the room, but a quick call to reception and they will send up whatever you need ( think this is just to stop everyone filling their suitcases with the complimentry bathroom products!)all in all a great base to explore London from! would use this hotel again!	
Aug 8 2009 	Perfectly adequate and good value place to stay	If you don't mind dwelling in the inner London suburbs marooned amidst arterial road flyovers and interchanges then this place is well recommended.Compared with the totally extortionate prices of most London hotels, it's excelent value for what you get.Those who demand utter perfection ought perhaps to seek it - at a price - elsewhere.Only slight gripe was their 'extras' policy, but suppose they need to maximise guest revenue from supplements if nothing else.That said, £15 a day for internet access and £5 a day for car parking is a bit steep.Otherwise, though, a thoroughly pleasant place, with very willing and friendly staff.An alternative to the noxious tube is a leisurely bus ride to the not-so-leisurely Oxford Circus [189?] from nearby Claremont Road - at least one can observe at close quarters inner north London and its inhabitants.And couldn't be handier for the M1 / North Circular / Brent Cross shopping malls.	
Aug 3 2009 	A dated hotel that needs refurbishment	Having stayed at other Holiday Inn's, this establishment certainly falls below the standard they set themselves. The staff was friendly and polite at check-in. We had booked a double room with a sofabed as we had two young kids. The room was set-up as requested, however the first shock was the quality of the sofa bed, the matress was waffer thin and you could feel the springs and metal support beams. The bathroom looked dated and the bathtub/shower had limescale and the taps had what looked like stains. We rang reception and complained, the duty manager arrived to inspect promptly. He checked the batroom and said the stains were due to the industrial chemicals they use for cleaning so even if he got the cleaner to clean it again it would look the same. He acknowledged that the bathrooms were about 10 years old and did need changing. As for the sofabeds well according to him they were all the same. He could not offer an alternative room as the hotel was full. Thankfully we were there for just one night, the next morning we went down for breakfast. The quality was poor, given that they charge about £11 per adult, I expected better. Again the chairs were ripped and the dishes were not quite clean. The carpet on the floor had seen better days.This hotel desperately needs a refurbishment, in its current state I would certainly not class it as a 4 star hotel. I cant say I will be staying here again.	
Aug 2 2009 	Excellent service from hotel staff. Good price for a London hotel	The staff in this hotel were very friendly and extremely accomodating. They went out of their way to help us and answer and query you throw at them! Nothing was a problem. The room was clean and a reasonable price for the location. If i had to give a negative comment on the room it would be that it had advertised a mini bar in the room description, but it just had an empty fridge which you could use to put your own stuff in (only Executive ooms have a stocked fridge) ....probably a good job as we'd have only drank the contents on returning from our night out!! Plenty of parking spaces and next door to Brent Cross shopping centre. Over all very impressed and will definitely when staying in London again.	
Jun 7 2009 	Fantastic hotel with very helpful staff	I have just returned from this hotel following a weekend in London with my Husband and our 20-month-old twins. We had read previous reviews regarding this hotel's location although found central London to be VERY accessible via the free shuttle service to Brent Cross tube station. (Leicester Square approx 20 mins away by tube) Upon arrival, we were greeted by the incredibly friendly and helpful reception staff and found all the hotel staff to be the same way - nothing was too much trouble. We had requested two cots in our room (as we have twins) and only one had been organised by the hotel. However, this was very quickly rectified and organised by Voltek (not sure of the spelling, sorry!) on reception.Our room itself was a good size (particularly for London accommodation) and was clean and well stocked with accessories, although there was no shower gel in our dispenser(a minor quibble). It had everything we needed, and the mini-bar was empty for our own use (there is a tesco round the corner so this was actually quite useful for us).During our stay, we ordered room service which was prompt with delivery and absolutely delicious! Couldn't find the Pizza Hut mentioned by previous reviews, though! Room service prices were typical for a London Holiday Inn (pizza and chips came to approx £15.00). Meanwhile, breakfast staff and the drivers of the hotel's courtesy shuttle were very helpful and attentive throughout our stay, and were extremely accomodating of our (occasionally noisy!) twins.On the subject of breakfast, the choice provided was comprehensive (cereals, fruit, toast, english cooked breakfast, cheese and meats, yoghurts..the list goes on!) and the chef could be regularly seen topping up items, checking things are still hot, and re-stocking food. Brent Cross shopping centre is a short walk away, but we had limited time so didn't manage to get there during our stay.We would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it for consideration if you want to stay in a very good quality hotel very near to the 'London Sites!'. Great for couples, families or business trips alike.	
Jun 6 2009 	Outstanding!	We stayed there in April this year for a friends Wedding celebration, and I have to say we were extremely impressed with the venue &amp; services. The cleanliness of the hotel exceded what we had expected, all the staff were exceptionally friendly and really went the extra mile to make our stay perfect. The wedding was a great success, well planned and very organised, we had a wonderful time and the food was amazing! A big thanks to all the team in Brent Cross!	
May 17 2009 	Reasonable hotel for the price.	Had to book early as we had guest relations from overseas and wanted 2 days in visiting in London, without having to pay centre prices.Could have got a better deal, had we have waited, for Holiday Inn's 2 day breaks.Clean, tidy and reception staff very helpful.There is a free shuttle mini-bus which will take and collect you from Brent Cross Tube Station.Rooms usual Holiday Inn standard. Breakfast buffet style with plenty of choice.It seem all hotels are charging (Extra) for the priveledge of parking a car these days and I find it annoying to say the least (£5 per day), its another way of 'squeezing an extra 5'erout of the customer.	
May 11 2009 	good value rooms need bit of loving care	stayed here at the weekend as could not get into my usual hotels in central london , well at a decent price anyway even the travelodges and premier inns were getting on for £80 saw this hotel and looked quite new bit out of the way , but has free shuttle to tube and 25 mins into west end was fine .hotel communal areas were all modern clean and fine , staff seemed very helpful and eager to please esp breakfast staff . our room was a bit worn and tired , but very clean and comfortable , bed was fine and comfy , bathroom clean and tidy . the only rough thing was state of the ill fitting carpet and stains all over it , this was the only bad point all in all though for the price less than £60 inc breakfast i would stay here again	
May 4 2009 	Far But Satisfied	Stayed over the easter weenend and over now, during Bank Holiday weekend. Prices are consider very cheap with breakfast and they also provide a shuttle to and from the Brent Cross station. Staff are great and helpful, breakast was alright. Negative point is that the hotel is very far from the Airport, about an hour and half, so be prepared to pull yr luggage. There is a big shopping centre across the road and although it looks like there is not much people in it, Just pop in and you will see how crowded it is. Would come back to stay for sure.	
Apr 17 2009 	How do I rate this hotel?!?	Where to begin? This is such a tough hotel to give a rating to. If you look at my other reviews you will see that I have stayed in a few Holiday Inns right round the world and its because of this that reviewing Brent Cross is tricky. You see, if I was to rate it against the others I would pan it as the worst HI I'd ever stayed in. If however I review it on price alone it would easily get 5/5. We stayed in the HI Brent cross for a family trip to London over the easter weekend. Last year we stayed in Camden but got such a good deal we chose to stay further out. Ok, lets start with the negatives. The staff are not the best...and are a bit hit and miss. We had no hot water one morning and saw a review of the room left from the previous visitor who complained of the same so it wasn't a one off. Despite having the normal pillow menu on the bed, when we attempted to get a couple of extra pillows they never turned up...I phoned again and was told they were out of all pillows?!?! The next day I asked @ 7pm if they had any spare that day and was told they would send them up. 3 and 1/2 hours later with the family all asleep they were delivered by the shuttle driver who drives to the tube station and back...I guess they don't have many staff! The breakfast was also the worst of any HI I've stayed in....the choice was poor and the quality even worse. I kept checking to see if the &quot;express&quot; name had dropped off from under the hotel sign as it clearly is more in line with the chains budget hotels than their mid range ones.So it was an awful visit, Camden Towns HI was far better and we would clearly never stay @ Brent Cross again.....errrrrrrr, well not quite. You see what has made this report so difficult to write is that for my family of 4 to stay in this London hotel WITH breakfast for everyone included AND free shuttle to the local tube station it cost me £37 per night!!! Thats £111 for 3 nights for 4 with breakfast IN LONDON!! Thats a stunning deal. Camden was more than that per night. So thats the problem...reviewed as a Holiday Inn it falls far far too short. Reviewed as a very cheap london hotel, with clean modern rooms in a purpose built hotel.....well, its second to none.Hmmmmmm, I'll give it a 3 out of 5. Its up to you which is more important.	
Mar 16 2009 	good value for london	stayed here to go for a show took the car as the trains were disrupted takes about 35 mins to central london including free shuttle bus to station sometime the wait for this is considerable as the driver waits for a full bus however it is quick it takes ten fifteen minutes to walk the rooms are clean and adequate the staff are very helpful the restaurant and lounge are quite small i can imagine you might have to wait for breakfast if u are in london till late the shuttle runs until at least 11pm the hotel is not cheap but good value for london it is also well located at end of m1 ive certainly staye din much worse in london	
Dec 10 2008 	OK if the price is right	Not a bad place if you can get it at £59 B&amp;B which is their weekend promotional rate. A couple of things you should know:- Firstly, its a long way from everything except Brent Cross Shopping centre, unless you have a car you will need to use the hotel shuttle to get to/from the station and it usually stops at 11pm. They have a restaurant (breakfast was fine) and a bar but the prices are very hefty - e.g £7 for a large glass of wine. We ate in Central London every evening because we were there anyway, journey takes about 30 minutes on the Northern Line.Noise was an issue. I am a light sleeper and can't get back to sleep if woken in the night. Despite requesting a quiet room at the time of booking our room, #203, seemed to get continuous noises from some kind of service area. Reception claimed not to know the cause when I phoned them at 1.30am, nevertheless the noise quietened down straight away. Then it started up again at 4am and, after another call to reception, mysteriously quietened down again! I had to insist on a move to another room which was really quite a struggle and frankly a pain in the neck. Our next room, #611, was much quieter until 5.50am on our third night when the fire alarm sounded. So, two nights sleep ruined out of three which is not very relaxing.Overall the hotel is nicely decorated and furnished but the bathrooms could do with a bit of work. The lighting is not adequate for shaving, presumably not great for make-up either. The shower rail is wrongly positioned so that in avoiding the grab rail you end up with the curtain clinging to you as you wash - not nice. Why not install a bowed shower rail or a proper walk-in stall - the bath is so small and shallow it is virtually useless anyway? We were allocated one wash cloth between us in both rooms, did they expect us to share? My partner was enjoying a nice mug of tea in our room until I pointed out the huge crack running right through it - not very hygienic.Some of these points are fairly minor, overall it was not a bad stay but there is certainly room for improvement.	
Nov 5 2008 	great for a weekend break	we stayed at the hotel for 4 nights as we booked direct with the website and got a great deal. we stayed on a b+b basis and thought the hotel was very good in terms of location and close by to the tube station.we visited brent cross shopping centre the 1st day we were there and found a few things to buy...nothing different from the normal shopping centres, in all honesty, however, nice to browse around !!!!most of our time was spent in the City and we loved it....there is a free shuttle which takes you to the brent cross tube station...we decided to walk it there as we were there during half terms and loads of kids were around..we didnt want to interrupt families trying to get onto the shuttle..it sits 7 people, so we tohught the walk would be better...its only a ten minute walk and when you have filled up on breakfast, i think it is a good idea to walk....if you are a leisure traveller, rather than travelling on business, make sure you travel after 10am ish....as it is cheaper on the trains..otherwise you will be charged the premium amounts which the office workers are charged....we visited hamleys, science museum, did the london bus tour and also visited Ripley's believe it or not museum...we had a fab time (my wife and I) and would definitely be looking to do it again...I am a priority club rewards holder so I had points added onto my reward card for the stay...i encourage you to sign up for this as its free and allows you some excellent benefits for room rates if you provide your e-mail address....hotel wise..i think the room was great for the price we paid....breakfast was excellent too...lots of choice for everyone..the one thing you need to be considerate about is the time you come down for breakfast, especially at the weekend...it seems everyone comes for breakfast around 9am ish.....we did the same and had to wait for about 20 minutes as tavbles were not available....next to the lifts, there are a number of leaflets about various things to see and do in the city and the surrounding areas...If this is a first time for you in london, I would suggest you do the london bus tour as it allows you to visit all the majot sites..you can get off and get back on the bus at any time during 24 hours...speak to the guys and they can explain further..we caught the bus from Leicester Square and it was great fun...all in all, a fab time was to be had and we are looking forward to visiting again (this was the 4th time we have stayed in the hotel in the last 5 years)	
Aug 10 2008 	Fab location for weekend in London	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in a family double room. We drove down from Yorkshire and the hotel is ideally situated at the end of the M1 so is very easy to find. Check in was easy and no problems at all. The parking is very cheap at just £5 per 24 hours and secure. Our room was lovely and clean although basic but no less than we expected. The staff in the hotel are helpful and friendly. They provide a shuttle service to the tube station and return back to the hotel. It stipulates times in the hotel but is was basically on demand and was a fabulous service, free of charge a bonus. Overall the hotel is a nice clean, pleasnat place to stay and I would recommend it to any family visiting London.	
Jul 23 2008 	Unexpectedly good cheap accomodation in London	We stay in London at least once a month but needed to be in the Brent Cross area this time so booked the Holiday Inn at Brent Cross. We lived in London for many years and have driven past it umpteen times but had never stayed there.We were very pleasantly surprised. For those of you who this may be a first visit for, this hotel is very easily reached by car. It is at the bottom of the M1, and in the middle of the North Circular. So any major road that takes you into London and onto the M25 will mean you can easily reach it. It is about a 5 to 10 minute walk to the tube station, and the hotel run a free shuttle service to the tube station where they are happy to pick you up and drop you off - very handy if you have lots of luggage.It is opposite Brent Cross shopping centre - for the shopaholics out there you will love it! And for those of you who want to venture into Central London there is the choice of the tube, or a bus from fairly close to the front of the hotel.Parking was no problem at the hotel and there were lots of spaces including lots of disabled spaces (in fact disabled access at the hotel for those needing it seemed very good indeed). There were several people serving at the reception desk and as the party in front of us had just arrived from somewhere via Heathrow the staff were explaining to them about transport links into London and all sorts of useful things I would love to know if I was a tourist just arriving in London for the first time.Our room was on the 7th floor (there are several lifts!!) and was perfectly clean and adequate. There was more storage space than we sometimes see in these hotels, and there was a mini bar - although ours was empty! However, we did appreciate being able to use it as a fridge for our cold drinks. Toiletries are provided, but I would suggest that if you don't like using cheap economy ones that you do take your own. Our room had both a shower and a bath. There is a hairdryer, it is situated and wired into a drawer and although it had a long lead it didn't quite reach as far as either of the big mirrors! And although it worked to dry my hair, there was no nozzle or anything and I think next time I would pack my own - for the simple reason I could stand near a mirror when I dry my hair! There were plenty of tea, coffee and hot chocolate drinks provided, and when I asked for more milk at reception they said a housekeeper would bring some up, and sure enough, ten minutes later I had the equivalent of a small dairy farm in my room. Well, I may exagerate slightly there, but there was plenty of milk!The bed was large and comfy. An extra pillow or two would have been nice, and I am sure if I had asked they would have been provided. We had a 5 year old with us and the bed settee was already made up and he was very impressed with his 'transfomer settee'. The room also had air conditioning which worked well.We had paid to have breakfast included, and when we first got downstairs it was a struggle to find a table as several had not been cleared. Breakfast was more than adquate, it is a buffet, but they could top up the empty dishes a bit faster. I got bacon, hubby was two minutes behind me and didn't, but as soon as he had finished lots of bacon appeared. We wanted to find a local park and the reception staff were really helpful pointing us in the right direction to a big park about 5 minutes walk away with swings and slides etc for our little one. The staff we encountered were all very very friendly and helpful, and overall we were impressed with this Holiday Inn and would not hesitate to stay here again. Whether you are in the UK and want a trip to London or a tourist travelling overseas to London, and you don't want to stay in the centre of Town but want to be 20 minutes or so away by tube - this place is for you.One final word, remember I mentioned this is on the North Circular? We thought 'oh dear, traffic noise'. Well the double glazing meant we were in a silent world and we did not hear any of it. And the views of the sunset over Brent Cross were wonderful. Not as good as I have seen elsewhere in the world, but I never though I would be on here enthusing about Brent Cross sunsets, yet here I am. Go see for yourself!	
Jul 20 2008 	Ideal hotel for a visit to London	My wife and I have just returned from one of our many stays in the Holiday Inn at Brent Cross. The hotel is perfectly placed for a visit to London as it is right at the end of the M1 and only 20 mins from the city centre by tube.The tube station is only a 5 min walk away but the hotel provides a free shuttle to and from the station if you require it.Most Holiday Inns are of an acceptable standard but the staff can make a big difference to the quality of your stay. The staff at Brent Cross have always been helpful and pleasant. Breakfast is usually good but the quality and quantity can vary a bit, however it has never been poor. The rooms are always very clean and we have never been troubled by noise.We have never tried the evening meals but friends of ours said they had a good meal at a reasonable price on their previous stay.We went to London to see Spamalot and visit the Tate gallery.Spamalot was brilliant, and will even appeal to those who never &quot;got&quot; Monty Python.While in London we had a meal at Lee Ho Fooks in Soho, made famous by the Warren Zevon song. I have not read a good review of this restaurant but the food we had was very good - I , of course, had a big dish of beef chow mein.Colin Grainger 20/07/08	
Jul 12 2008 	Good value stay	Stayed at the Holiday Inn as part of a theatre break. An excellent hotel for a car driver as it is located at the end of the M1 with plenty of very reasonable parking. The shuttle bus makes travel into central London easy. The facilities in the hotel were good and the staff very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable with two double beds and a spacious bathroom. I would certainly use this hotel again as it is very good value for money.	
Jun 17 2008 	good value for money	We have just spent a week in this hotel. This Holiday Inn is the best value for money hotel I have ever experienced. The hotel is spotless. The staff are helpful ,friendly and go the extra mile kind of people. Although the allocation of the hotel is not very central the attitude of the staff and cleanliness of the hotel more than made up for the distance to the city. There is a shuttle to the tube. The hotel is across the road from a shopping mall and close to a bus station as well.	
Feb 17 2008 	Relaxing and a bargain	We stayed at this hotel for a weeked trip to London. The bargain rate made the whole trip possible and we found the hotel to be very comfortable indeed with attentive and courteous staff. The breakfast was excellent and our requests for a quiet, high level room were met. The location is the only draw back but we were transported between the hotel and tube station each time in the courtesy car.	
Dec 6 2007 	Worth Considering	This Holiday Inn is modern, clean and well equipped. I have stayed there several times as the location is convenient and there is free parking. One draw back is that it is a ten minute walk to the nearest underground station and not a pleasant walk at that. However there is a courtesy bus which operates more or less on demand. There is not much in the way of night life around the hotel and plenty of people seem to eat and drink in the hotel. the food is average and prices are expensive. I bought a bottle of Magners Cider and this cost me £4.60 - about double the price in a pub. I have alsways found the staff pleasant and helpful. Often the hotel price is favourable when those in London are expensive,	
Nov 17 2007 	Good Hotel - great value	Stayed for 1 night with our 2 children. We booked a room with 2 double beds. The check in was excellent - very quick and efficient &amp; friendly. You don't get offered any help with your luggage but since we were only staying for 1 night it was no problem.The room was fine - large enough for the 2 double beds and space to walk around. The beds were good with firm matresses and spotless linen,The bathroom was small but acceptable - the stainless steel taps and plugs could have been more shiny but they were clean. The shower worked well with plenty of hot water.The breakfast was superb - first class friendly service and for this type of hotel an excellent selection of breakfast items. The staff could not have done more for us and the children.Checkout was very efficient - but beware they charge you to park your car in the car park overnight (£5) which you are not notified of in advance. Would not hestiate to stay there again.	
Sep 23 2007 	Oh dear!	Well, I booked one night in an executive room at the Holiday Inn Brent Cross....I got there and, firstly I can see why people have moaned before about the rude reception staff. They all seemed too occupied to be interested in the person they checked in. However, I was helped by one member of receiption staff who, I must say, was exptemely nice nad very helpful.The room...well...If they call this an executive room (and the plaque on the door proudly boasts so), its definately some with the bare minimum off effort. The room was small to say the least! Some of the room lights weren't working (but the nice receptionist did come and fiz that for me), the bathroom sink was cracked and....this make me laugh more than anything....They don't allow you to put any of your own drink o rfood in the mini bar and refused to empty the minibar incase I put my own stuff in there. Anyway...moving on....bathroom was clean, nice towels, very comfy king bed I must say. More disappointment followed when me and my partner went ot have dinner downstairs. The restaurant had full beam lights on and no music or atmosphere at all. The menu was overpriced AND the waiter informed us as soon as we sat down that the water that was on the tables (which had been out all evening and was warm), was £3.50 a bottle! We nearly chocked! After spending a couple of minutes laughing at how bad this evening was turning out to be we then had the waiter come over and point out that all basically all the starters were not available. At this point we decided to jsut get up and walk!We went to reception to ask for a near hotel...the man told us that if we liked italian the shuttle car could take us to the nearest tube where we shoudl get on the tube for one stop and get off and eat somewhere around there!Well...we decided this was turning into a monumental disaster so we went to Tescos (just over the raod) and bought some wine and nibbles and ate them in the room. Just a heads up....they don't charge for an ice bucket.....well they do if you ask them to bring it to your room (£2.50 to get in an elivator and come 3 floors up! Nice work if you can get it!).All in all....This was a rubbish evening! I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone! And I'd hate to see what they call an 'standard' room! My advice is stay ANYWHERE but here!	
Sep 6 2007 	Rude receptionist	Arrived at hotel to be told by receptionist that we did not have a booking (whilst we knew the booking had definitely been made). It took a prolonged period of time for him to sort this out. He was rude and sarcastic in manner. It was after 10pm and I asked him were there any shops nearby (as I wanted to get a soft drink). I was told sarcastically &quot;madame there is a shopping centre right in front of you&quot; - which, I should add, was closed. I found him to be extremely patronising and offensive in that he treated me like I had no intelligence.The room was fine, but I definitely would never stay here again due to the experience with this very rude receptionist.	
Sep 3 2007	No problem	Never had a problem at this hotel, but never had breakfast either so can't comment on that.It's worth getting a high floor, views are not that great even then, rooms are nice and large, clean and well equiped.We always drive down, park at the hotel and catch the bus into London, it stops just around the corner and goes as far as Oxford Circus.	
Aug 27 2007 	Poor quality and standard	We have just returned from a weekend stay at this hotel. For the past 3 years for the rugby final we have been staying at this hotelThis year the standards were very disappointing. Broken lift, extremely poor service at breakfast time--waited 15 minutes to be seated, lack of cleared and clean tables. Then waited additonal 10-15 minutes for the bacon to be cooked in the kitchen. Also no fried eggs. The coffee was overbrewed and not drinkable. Usually although self service the watier/ess comes around and asks do you want another drink but they did not have the time to clean the tables and manage the people waiting to be seated never mind customer service. It is such a shame because the location of this hotel is great especially with the shuttle service to the tube station but very poor experience this year.	
Jul 19 2007 	Handy place to stay in London especially with a car	A clean hotel, very easy to get to from the Motorway, with a shuttle to the nearest tube station. There`s an easy walk to the shopping mall across the road, and right next door, there`s a large Borders bookstore, this is a great place to while away a few hours in the evening ! The food in the restaurant was excellent and well presented. I`ve attached photos of the views from each direction of the hotel.. rooms overlooking the shopping mall have good views of all the hustle and bustle of being in London, and the sound insulation is excellent .. so you can relax and watch London go by. Rooms at the back do not have such a good view, but even so, dont let this put you off this hotel, which makes a good place to stay if visiting London with a car.	
Jul 11 2007	Great Value - No Thrills Hotel	Stayed at this holidaY Inn at Easter.This is a great hotel especially if you have a car.There is a car park all around the hotel which is rare in London!It is just off the M1 motorway.Without a car the hotel has a free minibus service to the local tube station so you cdan get anywhere..Our room was at the back of the hotel overlooking waste groundbut it was a clean sunny room.It had 2 double beds with nice modern white bed linen and a nice clean bathroom.We have stayed here several times before and get the best deals out of the Mail on Sunday.The reception staff have always been very helpful .IT is a fairly cheap hotel with no extra like a gym but we are happy with that.	
Jun 10 2007 	Overpriced !	Firstly I would have rated my experience above average had I not payed so much for the room £122.50 !I choose this hotel as it was the closest one to a training course I was attending and had there been other options I would have gone elsewhere.Although this hotel is only 3 * it is a very nice one but not worth the money. I was impressed with the standard of the rooms but lots of strange noises throughout the night.Reception staff were pleasant but a bit slow off the mark when I requested a new pillow - holiday inn offer a choice of 5 so i thought id be very comfortable - WRONG. The softest pillow was like sleeping on a brick it was really awful I barely slept.Breakfast food was nice but service was appaling I was ignored by waitresses they seemed intent on serving all the men and it took me 10 minutes to get a cup of tea &amp; I had to ask for this.Also had to pay £5 to park my car which I was not impressed with as already cost me a bomb to stay the night !	
Apr 19 2007 	Just Awful !	I don't think I've ever had the misfortune to stay in such a depressing and tired hotel. I was greeted by a receptionist with a face like thunder who made no attempt to engage in eye contact or conversation.My room was in need of a good clean and redecorating, overlooking a derelict petrol station.The air conditioning is very loud and there was a lack of hot water in the evening. The restaurant is best avoided, souless with poor quality food and service.If you do stay here use the courtesy bus from the tube station to the hotel, this isn't the sort of area you want to walk alone especially after dark.	
Apr 13 2007 	Great value! Great Breakfast	Our entire family (wife and 3 kids) just stayed at the Brent Cross Holiday Inn during a short vacation stay in London on our way home from Africa to the States. The hotel is about 45 minutes from Heathrow via taxi cab and although websites state the cost at 40 pounds it is more like 50-55 pounds one way. The hotel is just a 5 minute shuttle ride from the tube station. You can walk there if you like, but I do not recommend it, especially with children. You basically need to run across a freeway to get to the correct pathway and it was quite nerve racking the one time we tried it. But the shuttle is free and easily available. From the Brent Cross Tube station you can get anywhere in London Central. Most of the major tourist areas (museums, theaters, restaurants, etc.) are about a 20-25 minute tube ride and it really is easy to get around anywhere in London that way. The hotel breakfast buffet is fantastic. Nothing like a Holiday Inn continental breakfast here in the US. Eggs, potatoes, bacon, sausage, lots of fruit, juice, bread choices and cereal are all abundant. Great food and a good price for a hotel, kids under 12 eat free which is wonderful. If you don't mind being a little bit outside of Central London and using the Tube quite a bit, I highly recommend this friendly, clean and fair priced hotel. It's listed as 2 stars, but definitely the food quality, room quality and service make it a 3-4 star in my mind.	
Jan 20 2007 	nice location	This hotel used to be the garden court and having booked it now as the Holiday Inn Brent Cross things are even better. Whats great is this is an out of centre lcoation but with west style shopping at your door step. Of course its opposite the great Brent Cross covered shopping centre but now its also right next to a brand new retail park. The hotel is great for a no thrills base. The usual holiday style junction restauarnt with no other facilities. But golders green and hendon have a ton of pubs to hang out in of an evening. I booked with www.milesfaster.co.uk and that went as well as my stay. All in all a happy camper.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Hotel on the outskirst of central London	This is a great hotel situated about 20mins from Central London via the tube.We wanted a hotel that was central to Wembley Arena and easy access into London. This hotel was perfect. Wembley was 10 mins via a taxi which cost £16.00 each way.The hotel runs a shuttle bus back and for the nearest underground station which is Brent Cross.The staff at this hotel are extremely helpful and friendly. We were coming back from Central London late (shuttle bus stops at 23:00) and they organised a taxi to collect us from the tube. Part of our package was a 3 course meal which again was very nice. Another bonus is that the restaurant opens at 1700 so is perfect if you want to catch an evening show in the Westend.A useful note - if you arrive at Brent Cross tube station ring the hotel to come and collect you. We did not know about this service and the walk to the hotel is via several dual carriage ways. Not easy when you are carrying luggage.I would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Jan 3 2007 	Great value - good food	We stayed at the hotel with the intent of taking the underground into London for the sight seeing. The hotel has a car that took the guests from the hotel to the underground station &amp; back again - it ran every 15 minutes or so &amp; you could always call to get a pick up during operating hours (they close early on holidays &amp; aren't running all night). It was a fairly short ride into downtown London and for any frugal traveler looking for a decent hotel, I'd recommend it. The hotel staff isn't that friendly, but the bar staff was quite nice. With the hotel staff, you get the impression they don't listen to your requests at all - I got that impression after multiple requests for the same things... We booked a nonsmoking room about 6 months in advance &amp; when we arrived, our room was a smoking room with nothing else available (but the smoking room didn't have any noticeable smells).We requested the feather pillows for 2 nights (there is actually a &quot;pillow menu&quot; to select from) and ended up finally getting a normal pillow delivered to the room, oh well.Don't order the ham &amp; cheese sandwich from the room service, it wasn't anything special, but the rest of it was pretty darn good!! Very surprised at the quality of the hotel food. Here's a hint - they hide the hair dryer in the dresser!! It's not in the bathroom.	
Dec 19 2006	Room not checked.	I am a gold card member as well but I just went ahead and booked an executive room without waiting for an upgrade. Not really worth the extra money in my opinion. First problem was on checking in when for some reason they had my home address wrong and had no idea of my priority number. Eventually got that sorted out by telephone to some guy in the states (I presume) who was very efficient and soon sorted it out.Next problem was the room. No dressing gowns or slippers and the safe did not work. The desk light had no shade and could not be used because of the brightness. It was all sorted out by a couple of very pleasant staff but surely the room should have been checked beforehand? There is not really much, if any, in the way of function rooms and on the night we arrived a party had taken up most of the restaurant/bar area along with some pretty loud music. Quite enjoyed it later (especially my niece!) but to be told you may not be able to have dinner in the restaurant because of said party was a bit off I thought. Again, it turned out ok but only after I rearranged some of the furniture so we could sit down. Bar staff were very efficient.Breakfast compared to other H.I. was poor. Quite a small serving area and no fried eggs. You could of course order them but after 20 minutes we tired of waiting. Sausages were very good however, try them, you won't be disappointed.Check out was fine if a little slow. Never used the mini bar but it is one of those that activate if you even look at it and we got charged for 2 items we had not taken. Receptionist was not phased and soon sorted it out. Car parking is safe and plenty of it and the area is pretty safe. Footbridge across to the shopping centre which has a pizza hut amongst other eateries. Did not see any pubs close by but hey, its only a few minutes from the big city!	
Oct 28 2006 	One of the best Holiday Inns around!!!	Stayed here for 3 nights in the King Bed, Executive Room. Had complimentary items in the room such as chocolate, water, etc... and extras such as robes and slippers. The breakfast was great, the eggs and bacon was well cooked. The service was excellent. The only thing I can think of that the hotel had opportunities to improve is the shuttle service. One driver was great. He helped us with sightseeing questions and never let anyone wait if you arrived. But other different drivers stuck to the schedule and made you wait. At times they were late and that meant waiting as well. Overall, excellent experience. Compared to other hotels, the value we paid was well worth it. London hotels in general are expensive and I can justify paying for the cost for this hotel. Would stay here again if I came back to London.	
Aug 9 2006 	Excellent for families as well.	My family (2 adults + 2 children), stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks during last July. The hotel is very clean with plenty of free car parking. The rooms are well equipped with Sat TV, mini bar, hairdryer etc. Just opposite the hotel a splendid shopping center is found with plenty of free and covered car parking. Breakfast is quite good as well. Hotel offers minibus service to the nearby underground train station every 20 minutes, free of charge. It’s location is excellent if you consider visiting places other than London Oxford street shops. Booking thro’ Internet is easy and you get better prices.	
Jun 29 2006	Excellent Value	I've been meaning to write a review on this hotel for a while now! We picked the the Holiday Inn Brent Cross quite simply because it was the only thing I was willing to pay for in London! As I'm sure everyone agrees with, London is an extortionatly expensive place to stay!I reserved the hotel over the Intercontinental Hotels Groups website and got an excellent rate of 57 GBP per night. (Excellent when I saw the placard in their lobby which said 'rack rate £180 per night!') For this we were given a lovely comfortable queen size bed (for the same price I could have also reserved two doubles or a sofa bed and a double - very handy for families). The room was very spacious and bright and had excellent double glazed windows which kept out every sound from outside. This was especially good as it was on quite a busy road. The tricky part was to get the lights to work as they give you two keycards, one slots into a little machine on the wall inside the door and when you put it in you can then turn on the lights. However, don't take it back out again as the lights are on a timer. I found this out after removing the card and getting half way across the room before being plunged into darkness! A bit unusual! The bathroom was very clean and was well stocked with fresh towels every day. We had a nice big screen tv with all the terrestrial channels and a few radio stations. The room has a mini bar but it is very expensive, even by mini bar standards. The best part about this hotel is its location. It is a tube journey to London but a short and pleasant one. The tube station is a 10 minute walk away and along the way there is a gigantic Tesco store! The journey to London takes about 20 minutes and the staff at the rail station are lovely. You can buy a day pass for about £7 which allows you to hop on and off any tube or bus you like which is really excellent value for travelling around London all day! The hotel also has a shuttle service which will drop you to and from the tube station from about 8 am til 11 pm for free. We came home from a concert in Kentish Town at about midnight and the area is so quiet and safe.Right across the road from the Hotel is the Brent Cross shopping centre. It has an excellent food court and a really good selection of shops. There is also a retail park beside the hotel. All in all I think in terms of price and location you cannot beat this hotel. It is great to have a wander around Brent Cross shopping centre and then return to your hotel room and sleep in a lovely comfortable bed and know that you haven't paid so much money for it! If you are really stuck up on spending your holiday in London central and can spend the cash to do so, go ahead. But for people who like to spend more on souvenirs than a place to sleep and still get a beautiful hotel room, this is the place for you! I can't wait to go back in September!	
May 26 2006	SAFE and CLEAN	This location is pretty accessible via The Tube from Central London. The rooms are clean and very roomy, unlike some of the 5 Stars in the City. There is shuttle service from the Brent Cross Station, make sure you have a calling card or cell phone handy. The staff are very nice and accommodating. The food in their restaurant is pretty good, but VERY pricey, you can get better deals in the City if you know where to look and are willing to look. Beds and pillows are clean and fluffy. The power shower will literally blast the dirt off of you, no need for soap. You can adjust the room temperature to you liking. Internet is available for a small fee. Shopping is close by, but be very careful of the road way. I will always return to this location for all my trips to London. Lots of free parking. 24 hour room service. Full bar.	
May 2 2006	Average- OK if you get a good rate.	I booked this hotel on a Spring Sale rate £59 B+B. I am a Priority Club Gold member but did not get an upgrade as i often do at other H. Inns. There are only 8 executive rooms in this hotel and i was told that they were all booked up for my 3 night stay. I was given a standard room with 2 double beds, a voucher for a free glass of wine and a bottle of mineral water in the room instead. The room was small and had a view of a disused petrol station. ( Views on the other side of the hotel are of a busy main road) The beds were soft. I tried both; neither were comfortable for me as i like a firm bed.The hotel was very busy and the breakfast staff tried really hard to keep everything well stocked but couldn't keep up so guests were having to wait for things or keep asking staff. The food was average H.I. fayre. I ate in the restaurant in the evening and the food was better. The hotel shuttle is a 6 seater people carrier. Both times i called the H.I for the shuttle,from the tube station, it came very quickly. However on check out day i had to wait in a queue with others as they had no driver and the receptionist had to finish dealing with a long line of people checking out before doubling as the shuttle driver. I missed 2 trains home as i had to wait an hour for the shuttle. I would have ordered a taxi if i had know but i was told that the shuttle would 'leave soon'. When i finally got the shuttle i was told that 'they had not employed the shuttle driver or a relief as they were saving money'!I would not stay at this H.I. again as the tube journey was longer than i expected to central London, 25 mins. The overall experience also was not one that would encourage me to return.On a more positive note the nearby Brent Cross shopping centre was very good and easy to walk to.	
Apr 30 2006	nice hotel nice location....average food	We stayed at the hotel in the middle of april this year. The location is excellent if approaching via the M1 as one avoids the London orbital. The hotel is easily accessible, staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms were spacious and clean. The shuttle service to the tube was a plus, though necessary due to the distance from the tube station. The free parking at the hotel was a definite plus. The food wasnt something to write home about and the breakfast spread was decidedly mediocre.I would stay here again simply because of the price and easy accesbility to central london.	
Mar 13 2006 	Hernia Repair? Use this hotel!!!	If you are having your hernia repaired at the British hernia Centre or just intend to stay overnight in London, I highly recommend this hotel.It is in an excellent location, one minute from Junction 1 of the M1, and only 20 mins from central london by tube. The room we had was a twin, all of which have two double beds. The room was clean and the food was of a great standard for a 3 star, the room service menu was surprisingly extensive. The hotel runs a FREE taxi service to and from the hernia clinic and to and from the tube station which runs all day. Our taxi was stuck in traffic, so the manager ran us down to the clinic in his own car! Top service.If you're having an op, reserve a twin bedded room, you won't regret having your own space, away from the wife's elbows, when your looking for a comfy, painfree position to collapse into.JTNotts.	
Feb 4 2006	Good hotel and great value	I hope this is helpfull to all. My wife and I stayed here in June 2000 and again in 2003. The hotel is very good value for money. The rooms are very nice, the breakfast is excellent with a fine selection to choose from. Just a short walk across a footbridge in front of the hotel is a very good shopping centre (mall) with a fine selection of shops (this was one of the first large purpose built shopping centres built in London). The hotel has a courtesy shuttle to the tube (underground) station , which is about 3 mins drive. The journey time into central london is approx 20 mins. When you return just phone the hotel and they will send the shuttle to pick you up. If you have a cell phone just phone the hotel when you are at Golders Green station,saves a wait at Brent cross station. Directions from (1) Heathrow. Take the tube to Leicester and change to NORTHERN line to the northbound train marked EDGEWARE and get of at BRENT CROSS. From (2) Luton airport take GREENLINE bus to London and get of at BRENT CROSS shopping centre ( if you have a mobile phone so you can phone hotel for shuttle and tell them you are the opposite side of carriageway) or walk the short distance to the shopping centre and call hotel from there . If you have children and/or a lot of luggage, take the busal the way to Victoria Tube station and find your way from there ( go into the tube station and go to the CIRCLE line and take a trainn to EMBANKMENT and change to NORTHERN line and take a northbound train marked EDGEWARE) and get off at BRENT CROSS staion. Enjoy	
Aug 28 2005 	Really good hotel!	Stayed here for 2 nights and we were very pleasantly surprised st what we found. Plenty of parking space, relatively easy to find, friendly staff, efficient service and excellent food in the hotel restaurant (this was actually one of the best meals we have had believe it or not) although a little pricey we thought, there was a reasonable wine list and nice atmosphere. Room service failed to turn up but when alerted they delivered promptly, apologised and reduced the bill. Breakfast was huge and very nice.Would definately recommend this hotel with the only negative being that the bathroom although sufficient looked a bit tired and could do with updating.	
Aug 14 2005 	Average expeience most of the time	I travel to London a lot from the North of England on business and normally stay at This hotel as it is conveniently placed at the bottom of the M1. I usually have about 5 nights a month here and yes the staff are friendly and the rooms are clean,spacious and air-conditioned. The food can be well below average and on the whole for some reason I find the quality of Room Service food to be better than that in the restaurant. The London Tube 'shuttle' is very good when leaving the hotel but they can be very tardy when you need to be collected from the station and returned to the hotel.Previous reviews highlighted problems when attempting to get to the Brent cross Shopping Centrre/Mall - at busy times of day this can be a problem on foot as you are crossing a feeder road to the notorious London North Circular - avoid peak times and you should be OK. There are a good range of shops when you get there but foodwise if you take my advice get a taxi to Highgate or the tube to Belsize Park. There are many good value ,good quality restuarants there.	
Nov 7 2004	Nice hotel	Nice hotel in Northern London. Good for those arriving at London Luton airport. We've been there for a night on 6th of November 2004.There is a big shopping mall right across the street. Well, &quot;right across the street&quot; is unfortunately a disadvantage of the hotel. I mean, to get there by walk is quite an achievement. I know that there is the M1 Motorway nearby, but still it's REALLY hard to get from the hotel to the mall or tube station by walk. Fortunately the hotel offers free shuttle from the front door to the tube station of Brent Cross (and from tube to the hotel). Very nice of them.The rooms are quite nice, medium size, rather big bathroom. Clean and bright. Staff is very helpful, food could be better but it's not bad.Great place if you are there for an event at Wembley Stadium (which should be ready in 2007 :)).Overall - good choice.	
May 20 2004	Great place to stay	I spent a week at the Holiday Inn - Brent Cross and I have nothing but good things to say about the rooms and the friendly staff. I've stayed in central London on other occasions, but decided to stay in Brent Cross because the room rate was better. I expected to give up quaility for the better room rate, but imagine my surprise when I walked into a very nice room and was welcomed by very helpful staff. Finding my way to central london was easy with the tube station within a short drive, courtesy of the hotel shuttle and there is a mall (brent cross shopping center) within walking distance. The breakfast was excellent although the eggs tended to be alittle runny. Otherwise the food was good. Hey, if you want pizza, just walk across the way to the shopping center for some Pizza hut or Marks and Spencer(grocery store) for sandwiches and wine or other snacks.I will most likely stay there on return trips. You truly get more for your buck(or pound).	
Oct 31 2009 	???????????????????		
Jul 5 2009 	?????????????		
