Sep 9 2009 	Comfy stay	My husband's brother came to visit, so we wanted to stay in London for a few days. I used a travel search engine and got a good deal. The studio was clean, we slept on a queen bed with a prestinely, white, down comforter. There was a small flat screen in our bedroom, a wardrobe and full size blow dryer. The kitchette had the basics, a pot, pan, and plenty of dishes and flatware. The refrigerator did not get very cold, so that wasunfortunate. The living room area was nice, there was a 28&quot; flat screen, a pull out sofa, and a table to sit and eat. The bathroom was nice as well with a full tub, but another downfall was the water didn't get very hot. Overall we had a nice stay. Had we known better we would have stayed nearer to central London since the tube ride was over 20 minutes getting here and there.	
Oct 25 2008 	Hmmmm	The staff who checked us in put us in a handicapped room!!! We are pretty sure we do not look handicapped!!!! There is strings hanging from the ceiling eveywhere. We acidentally pull one of the string thinking that is is for the light. The alarm went on. Still the staff did not realize they put us in the wrong room and did not offer us to change the room. When we come back at night, we found out that the room is absolutely cold, the fridge in the room does not work. We call the duty manager. He apologized and offered us a change of room immediately. He told us that the first room that we had was for handicapped and the fridge was out of order for a long time already. (Suddenly I thought why did that lady staff offer me this kind of room in the first place) He helped us moving the big lugguage, arranging the taxi to the airport in the morning. Thank you.In the hotel website, it says &quot;airport shuttle&quot;. If you travel with big bags, this hotel might not be convenient for you as it means you have to pull your big bags outside ie. few mins walk to the nearest big hotels. Hopabus does not come right in front of the place like other big airport hotels nearby.	
Sep 23 2008 	Awful Substandard Apartment	I booked this directly on the website and was sent photographs of the one bed apartment that they had reserved for me. I can only say that the photographs are a complete and utter misrepresentation of the standard of the accommodation at Berkely Park. The apartment was extremely poor, shabby and smelt horrendous which they had tried to mask with lots of cheap air freshener!. The sofa was covered in stains. On complaining to the reception they were unable to offer me an alternative and I chose to check-out immediately with a full refund. I queried the photos that were emailed to me and the receptionist said that this is what is advised by their head office! I would strongly recommend anyone thinking of booking into the Berkely Park to seriously reconsider. Had I seen some of the reviews on this site I would not have done so. Glad to say I managed to secure a booking in an alternative hotel which was at a far higher standard. Although having to move in the evening while on a business trip was very inconvenient.	
Jun 20 2007 	Best apartment hotel I know	I stayed here for 3 weeks while doing business in the area and I can only recommend this place. Staff were incredibly friendly and helpful and the apartment was clean and to a very good standard. The convenience of Berkeley Park Apartments cannot be matched in my opinion.	
Apr 18 2005	Wouldn't recommend to anyone.	Firstly this is the same hotel as Berkeley Park Apartments, located in Hayes Middlesex... so all the reviews on the other page hold the same for this page too!Secondly I have to agree with the reviews on the other page, this is one of the worst nights that I have had in a hotel in my life. I was guaranteed an early check-in by the Front Office Manager, only to find out when I got there, that I couldn't check-in before the normal time... bearing in mind there is nothing to do in the area, I had to go back into central London.Once I eventually got my room, I had to carry my luggage up three flights of stairs as there is no lift in these newly built blocks, and no porter to help with them. The room was adequate, but wasn't very clean and the majority of the appliances in the apartment did not function correctly.I also noticed that they have changed their name to Berkeley Park Executive Suites... posher sounding name for more money, but not the service you would expect from &quot;Executive Suites&quot;.My advice would be to read the reviews on this page and the other, and book yourself in to another hotel - at least you'll pay for what you get!	
