Jun 10 2009 	Excellent hotel well worth a visit	We stayed here for one night on the 25th May (bank holiday Monday) and we were very pleasantly surprised by how nice and cosy the rooms are, they are also very clean and are a good size, the hotel is located close to a couple of tube stations so getting in and around London was easyThe hotel bar was good and the bar staff were very welcoming despite getting back to the bar after 11pm, feeling slightly worse for wear after celebrating a successful play-off day at Wembley!We would definitely recommend staying at this great litte hotel / pub, it was great value for the price we paid too...	
Jun 9 2009 	cosy	Stayed at the Red Lion on a quick visit .Very comfortable and cosy.Nice bar and good restaurant.Would highly recommend it.Very handy for Heathrow.An hour by tube to central London.	
Apr 27 2009 	Great hotelGood rooms	I can recommend this hotel,rooms clean and well maintained ,with free internet access,fridge and iron.Bathroom clean and modern and a lot of towelsI did not eat in the restaurant,it looked expensive ,breakfast twelve pounds . would stay here again if I am in the area.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great hotel great location	The Red Lion is situated mid way between Hillingdon &amp; Uxbridge. At the junction of Royal Lane &amp; Hillingdon Road. The LU stations are close by and Uxbridge being the nearer.. about a 25 min walk. Hillingdon about 2 miles away. The M25 &amp; M40 junctions are close by. The tube into the city was about 30mins. A great location, especially for Heathrow &amp; Wembley Stadium.The hotel reception is at the rear of the 'traditional' pub and there is ample car parking. I stayed the one night for a business meeting the next day and the Red Lion exceeded my expectations. Staff were very courteous and the room was clean, compact and had the little extra's associated with the 'bigger chain' hotels.. room safe, trouser press, coffee making, biscuits, toiletries etc. The room was very clean &amp; tidy although the view was not spectacular, just a small courtyard.I booked online with the hotel at a rate of £75 B&amp;B single occupancy. £84 a double room. I'm not sure if those prices apply in the week. Evening meal was A la Carte and also 3 course fixed menu for £17.95. It was excellent value, good quality and taken in the spacious restaurant. Breakfast was served until 10am and again was excellent quality with cereals, juices and a diverse cooked breakfast menu. The traditional English breakfast was served with toast &amp; tea/coffee.The hotel has a well stocked bar (pub) and various ales were on tap.Would I recommend this hotel to my friends &amp; family? - Yes I would.Would I stay here again if in the area? - Most definitely	
Oct 16 2007 	Charming pub/hotel near London	I often stay at the Red Lion in Hillingdon near Uxbridge on business as it is near to my employers UK head office (tube connections to central London from Hillingdon &amp; Uxbridge) Lovely old fashioned bar serving good quality bar meals and the fabled Fullers London ales. Great rooms especially if you choose or or upgraded to the large rooms in the old part of the building which have four posters &amp; fireplaces. Seperate restaurant with excellent dinner and breakfast served. If you are visiting London and don't mind a ride in on the tube this is a quiet and comfortable place to stay with a bar that is frequented by friendly locals. Also fairly close to Heathrow airport	
Jan 22 2006	Great hotel for business and convenient for North London/Wembley	I have stayed at The Red Lion on a number of occassions after becoming increasingly frustrated with other hotels in the area, particularly those around Heathrow.The hotel is an extended pub, and as such has a nice homely feel to it. The food is excellent and the service is first class. Rooms are good with a great choice of TV channels (including Sky Sports 1,2 and 3) and all rooms have high speed internet access either wired or in some cases wireless.An excellent hotel at a far lower rate than the over-priced hotels in Heathrow. I stay mostly on business but will certainly look to use when the new Wembley stadium opens, as it is only a 20 minute drive from the hotel. Nearby Uxbridge is a short distance away (walking distance if brave enough!) with it's own tube station.	
