Nov 15 2009 	Decent enough hotel great location	I tend to stay here when I travel down to London a few times a year, either by myself or with friends / family. Its a reasonable hotel, friendly staff and a fantastic location. I tend to use hotelclub for booking here, as they're the cheapest and include breakfast.Its only a few minutes walk from the Lambeth North tube station and I feel safe walking to and from the hotel when I am on my own.The breakfast is hot or cold buffet style, its obviously busier at the weekends but they top up the food often.Theres the usual tea/coffee making facilities in the room, which is topped up daily. There are shower caps in the bathroom as well as soap, shampoo/shower gel dispensers.There are two lifts, one broke whilst I was there but it was soon fixed by an engineer.	
Nov 15 2009 	Could do better - a lot better!	We stayed on a Friday and Saturday night. The mattress was the sort I thought I'd left behind in scruffy bedsits 30 years ago. The extractor fan in the bathroom ran 24/7 and the staff didn't seem interested. We found the room small and the furnishings cheap. And if you don't understand how the breakfast 'system' works, you end up with a cold plateful of food. Having said that, plus points are that it is easy to find and very close to the Tube. And the pub directly opposite does really excellent food.	
Oct 25 2009 	Good value but need firmer beds	Stayed here in October, overnight due to an earlier course start in London. The room was spacious &amp; clean. Its in a great location only a short walk from the tube &amp; waterloo station. Breakfast was plentiful &amp; varied with pleasant staff available to help. THe only problems I had were the window to my room was ajar &amp; I was unable to pull it shut easily I ended up climbing into the drawer top to be able to reach &amp; slam it shut. Also the bed was far too soft for me, as I like a reasonably firm bed. On the plus side the power shower was amazing.	
Oct 20 2009 	close to centre	Had trip to Theatre booked and this hotel was only a few stops on underground. Very Conveniant.Room good and Clean.Breakfast Ok, Too many People.	
Oct 19 2009 	Clean convenient close to tube station.	The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from the tube station and easy to find. Handily situated with a couple of pubs nearby so you can have a drink later on without chasing back across the tubes line before it closed. The rooms are nice and clean although a bit small but you're not living in them are you.The bed was really comfy. Breakfast was great but bit chaotic with not enough tables available for the amount of people who wanted breakfast at the same time. But it was ok you just join other people. Saying please and thank you to the staff can go a long way in getting a smile. We felt a bit sorry for the guy when we collected our cases on the last day when he said that we were the ONLY people to say please and thank you when collecting them. Manners cost nothing. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 12 2009	An Actual Bargain in London!	I had the pleasure of spending 4 nights at this chain hotel during a recent European tour with a student travel group. The price of the hotel was part of the tour package so of course, my opinion of the value is a bit skewed. But as far as the facilities themselves, I was pleasantly surprised. On previous London group tours I usually found myself in accomodations akin to &quot;The Royal Windsor Arms&quot; in &quot;National Lampoon's European Vacation&quot;. This Days Inn was the usual cookiecutter American-style building, but featured modest-sized clean rooms, a fantastic breakfast and wonder of wonders, an ice machine. Rooms were clean, bathrooms maintained and the TV worked perfectly. The staff was accessible and helpful. The location is just one block from Lambeth North Underground station and a short stroll away from the free War Museum.The only minor criticism is the lack of A/C but that is par for the course in Europe. At least an electric fan is available in each room.	
Oct 2 2009 	Clean comfortable and friendly	My wife and I stayed at this hotel on a weekend coach trip from Yorkshire. Often on these trips the hotels leave a lot to be desired, but not this one. Check in was quick and easy, the rooms are of reasonable size with large, comfortable beds and a good bathroom. There wasn't a bath, but the shower was very good. There was a modern television with Freeview and some Sky channels. We didn't dine at the hotel but those who did said the food was excellent. Breakfast, though not lavish, was varied, with a good selection of cereals and croissants as well as the usual &quot;English&quot; breakfast. Staff were friendly and efficient. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel as a very good three star and possibly near four star.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great location - shame about the noise	This is a good place to stay if you have no problem sleeping. Light sleepers will have a problem. Traffic &amp; emergency service sirens sound very loudly throughout the night!. The location is great to walk into London or use public transport.The staff are very friendly and efficient and the rooms clean and tidy.We had lunch at the Italian (Riverside 2) just down the road in Kennington Road &amp; dinner at the Imperial Tandoori just next door at 48 Kennington Road - both great value for money with well cooked food.	
Sep 15 2009 	comfortable but small	We stayed at Days Inn Waterloo for 2 nights 9th and 10th September.The Hotel is so easy to find, virtually opposite Lambeth North tube station.The reception desk is always manned and when we arrived at 12.30 our rooms were ready.The staff were ok but not over friendly, only once did we get a &quot;hello&quot;, but they accomodated our every question and needs.Breakfast is good with a choice of hot buffet or cold continental.Although the breakfast area is quite small and on both mornings tables were a lottery.The room itself was very small, but we were only sleeping there so on that basis I did not mind.The bathroom had no bath but a very small shower, toilet and sink.Our bed was broken, but we only found out on the last day when we were sat on the end corner and the bed collapsed, upon inspection the leg underneath did not screw into the base .Opposite the hotel was the Imperial War Museum, which was handy on our last morning to kill some time before our coach home bur beware it does not open till 10.The hotel is ideal for siteseeing and is only 10 mins walk from the Southbank and London Eye.Others have said the noise levels at night were loud with police car sirens going all time of night, to be honest we did not notice it that much, but then again you are in London so it is to be expected.There is no air con but a fan was provided.Would I stay here again...Yes	
Sep 9 2009 	Very well placed	Excellent hotel for a short break in the city. Room was basic but comfortable, staff were very helpful and ameanable. Breakfast was provided with the price and was certainly up to standard with a huge selection. The only slight downside to breakfast was that there were not enough dining tables and you had to wait for a table to come free. This would be fine except for the fact that the scandinavian diners did not understand the consept of queing and would bypass the english waiting and go and sit in a table that was being cleared. Many angry britsImperial war museum over the road is not to be missed	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent hotel	Had a lovely stay at this hotel, friendly service, clean and good size room with everything we needed, though a fridge would have been handy, a couple of minutes walk from the tube, would definately stay here again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Good position good rates and good parking!	Well appointed and suprisingly good quality for the money we paid. Rooms were a little cramped but perhaps I have been spoiled elsewhere. Breakfast good, facilities good and position excellent.	
Sep 3 2009 	Good Hotel OK Location Friendly Staff Really Good Breakfast	Stayed here with my girlfriend for a 3 day city break at the end of August. The hotel is very well designed and maximised the use of space. The rooms are clean and cosy with room to hang you're clothes, a desk, a nice flat screen tv and a decent toilet/shower room. I will say this, the hotel is located perfectly for seeing the sights DURING THE DAY. The Lambeth North tube station is right outside but this area seemed a bit dodgy at night and we did not feel comfortable walking any of the streets nearby so if you are planning on travelling into the city at night or returning to the hotel use a taxi. The breakfast was excellent and the hotel has a great atmosphere with shops and pubs nearby.	
Aug 15 2009 	Good location not the brightest staff	We stayed here for 2 nights in August. We arrived very late due to our flight and checked-in at 2am. Room was small as is typical in many European hotels but clean and comfortable. It's in a pretty good location. only 10mins walk to big ben, 20mins walk to Buckingham palace and 30mins walk to the London bridge. There is a station for the underground located about a block away, but it's 4 Pounds a person at the exchange rate was about $8CAD each so we just walked instead.The room has no a/c but did have a small fan which worked well, but don't open your window as there is a huge amount of police activity in the area. Seems like a safe area, I think there must be a police headquarters near by because sirens are always zooming by every 15-20mins. On our last day I had to return to Canada early (6am) but my girlfriend was remaining in London to visit friends for another week. I told the front desk I was leaving but NOT checking out as my girlfriend would be there another few hours sleeping until her friend came to pick her up at which time she would check out. Our friend called the hotel asking for my girlfriend that morning but the staff told them there was no one there by that name or under my name for some reason. A bit confused our friend called several other hotels with similar names and naturally was told we weren't there either. She called back and the hotel insisted they had never heard of us. In the end our friend showed up at the address to the hotel we had given her and waited outside for 2hrs (she couldn't park anywhere in the area without getting ticketed) finally my girlfriend who had been waiting in the lobby to hear from her friend for 2 hrs discovered her waiting in the parking lot. They confronted the hotel staff about the issue and they said they were sorry but as they couldn't say who had answered the phone that was that and just shrugged the incident off. Aside from the poor customer care by the front desk, the hotel is a decent choice. Although it won't be my first choice now next time we visit.	
Aug 12 2009 	Just don't expect to sleep.....	If you'd like to gain that authentic prison living experience then please stop here! Three dull buildings with row up-on row of small windows give this hotel that typical prison look. Once inside, it gets no better. The in room live action entertainment taking place in the streets outside, included for me nightly appearances of the police helicopter hovering just out of eye sight, but must have directly outside above my 5th floor room, various sirens at all hours, continuous thunderous traffic noise, screaming and shouting locals late in to the night/early hours of the morning, all something to be marvelled. I thought you only got experiences this realistic at Disney..! Food... A none starter.... transport cafe style plastic moulded tables and seating, no atmosphere, a combined dining/bar/reception area just awful... Breakfast served from cheap plastic combo plates, juice and coffee from a push button machine all self-service and nothing on offer that didn't visibly look like it had just spend 10 mins either in the microwave or fryer beforehand or was served from a vast catering pack of some sort. The room was tiny, but did what it said on the tin I suppose; after all I wanted to SLEEP there! Struggled in the shower for a guy of normal proportions as it was so small, who knows how over-sized people would get on? Room was carpeted, but covering in stain patches, so keep you shoes on! Bathroom was OK, but all look very tired and in need of a desperate refit. Heating seems to be on full blast, I’d say at almost sauna levels causing you to need to keep the window open despite the continuous commotion outside, as there is no air-con. As this was a business trip, the ability to work from a desk was important, but unfortunately no real desk space provided, just a part of a pre-moulded unit with a rather un-comfy chair, no WiFi, no Ethernet, even my personal 3G let me down as I couldn't get a signal (although as much as I want to, can't blame the hotel for that). My best advice to anyone other than those looking as I said for that authentic Prison like experience... never stay there, ever. If you had no choice like me (due to my usual hotel being fully booked) then insist in a room which is facing the rear of the hotel as they are a little quieter I understand from the girl on reception who said I was too late to get one of those... Best of luck!	
Aug 11 2009 	GREAT LOCATION - COULD NOT COMPLAIN	i stayed here for 2 nights while on a weekend trip to london. The hotel is in a great location, just 2 mins walk from Lambeth underground station and 10mins walk from waterloo station. We flew into gatwick and got the gatwick express to victoria and changed line to go to waterloo, only cost £6.50, much better than £100 to get a taxi - ridiculous! we had a speedy check in. rooms are not huge (more like an onsuite bedroom) but they were all clean and tidy. they have a buffet style breakfast, very nice i must say. the staff were helpful when we asked for any information (ie underground ect). the hotel is literally a 10min walk from the london eye / big ben, you could not ask for a better location. it is situated facing a police station which can be noisy but once ur window is closed you wont have a problem. i would definetly visit this hotel again for a weekend away to london!!	
Aug 3 2009 	terrible customer care	arrived on Friday 31/7/09 room fine, location good. Eat in the hotel on first night by 9pm on 1st we had both been floored with food poisoning. Next morning we contacted reception for assistance, ie call a doctor. We were told that they would phone an ambulance to take us to hospital, they refused to call a Doctor as this would involve a large charge and the hotel would not pay. We did not want to go to hospital but wanted advice from a Doctor, we were too ill to argue and could not even remember the name immodium. The reception staff claimed to have done a visit to local shops but none sold this medicine. We were both unfit to travel but had a train jouirney home, obviously we wished to stay in our room as long as possible but were hounded out. Cleaning staff came into the room on three occasions between 9.45 and 10.30 to make sure we were leaving, I do believe they would have physically removed us at 11am.Having given us both a bad bout of food poisoning (dont eat the chicken tika) they did nothing to help us with our onward travel or to accommodate us in our discomfort, they were only interested in getting rid of us.	
Jun 13 2009 	An American hotel in London	This was a pretty decent hotel for the money. We got a great deal through Expedia (about $100 a night for a double room w/ bathroom). The hotel is reminiscent of a United States budget hotel. However, in London, that gave us some nice amenities such as a larger than average room, roomy bathroom, and an ice machine (rare in Europe!). The amenities were above par - comfortable bed, nice tv, fan in the room, blow dryer, nice shower, etc. The location of the hotel isn't spectacular. It is on the southbank, near the Lambeth north tube stop. The only tube line that travels to that station is the Bakerloo, one of my least favorite lines to use. The waterloo station is a bit farther away but gives you access to the Bakerloo and Northern lines. One plus of being on the southbank however is the fact that things (for the most part) are cheaper. Instead of eating the hotel's pricey 7 pound/person breakfast, I would recommend finding something to eat locally. There is a great bakery called Gregg's by the waterloo station. One downside of the hotel was the staff. Though we only had to interact with them a handful of times, their English was poor and they were not friendly. The internet was good but a bit costly. Overall, if you can get a good price, this hotel is worth it.	
Jun 2 2009 	Decent value good location	Only stayed one night, but found the room to be clean and spacious - plenty of room for my sister and I. Staff were helpful and it is literally a few minutes from an underground station. Breakfast was basic, but good value. My only real complaint was the noise from outside during the night.	
Jun 1 2009 	Worth every penny.	We spent 4 nights at this hotel and were very happy with the service and facilities offered. The purpose of the holiday was to see a couple of shows and take in the usual tourist sights. Perhaps the biggest plus point of this hotel was its superb location - 3 or 4 mins walk fron a tube station. This made getting around London quick and very easy. If you do go get a daily travel card, this allows you unlimited tube travel for £5 a day. There was some traffic noise but we never had a disturbed sleep while there.Within 2 or 3 mins walk there are all the shops you will need, grocers, chemist, fast food, bank, resturants. All the major sights are no more than 15 mins away. The location is great.The staff were very helpful, polite and cheery. The rooms were very clean if a little small but we have been in smaller.During our stay we were blessed with fantastic weather and the room was rather warm, however a fan was supplied free of charge to keep us cool.We got our room for £68 a night from a discount site so shop around.In short - great location, great base to see everything from and great value.	
May 21 2009	Clean Modern Central Location Comfortable Beds!	Very good hotel for our Canadian family. The location is a less than 10 minute walk to the London Eye, Bus tours, and the House of Parliament. Modern hotel with a bar in the lobby, and decent priced internet. Would recommend to travelers that are wanting to see London. Also, it is quite close to Lambert Underground (5 min walk). Small rooms compared to Canadian hotel rooms, but a decent size for London.	
May 13 2009 	Average Hotel Excellent Location	I've been in London for just 2 days after a business trip to Reading and, obviously, I wanted to see everything. Therefore, I found this hotel very suitable because it was just 10 minutes of slow walk away from Thames and the London Eye. You can then easily reach Big Ben and Westminster Abbey.The rooms are extremely small, with tiny windows, offering no outside view, but they are very clean and they even have coffee makers. The breakfast is quite average (more suitable for a 2 stars hotel) and the breakfast room as well (not very clean) and you need to be there early to get a table, otherwise you might need to wait for the others to finish eating. We paid around 130 GBP, which I understand is a quite good price for London and, in spite of all the things I disliked I would get back there, but not for more than 3-4 days.	
May 12 2009 	Good hotel-Great location	As a group of four adults on a city break we found this hotel great value for money and in a great location. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the london eye and is opposite lambeth north underground and also about a mile from the theatre.The war museum is also across from the hotel and really worth a look.We found the staff always friendly and helpful. Breakfast was great with a wide choice..yes it was a small dining area but dosent take long to clear and get a table. The bar was small but more than adequate for the hotel and prices were resonable compared to some other bars. We never had dinner in the hotel so cant comment on that. The rooms were fine in size but have little clothes hanging space..this didnt bother us though. Rooms were cleaned daily.Over all a great budget hotel in a central location	
Mar 25 2009	Ok Place	The Days Inn Waterloo was a decent hotel for the price. It is convinently located to the tube station which is very nice. The staff was nice. Not overly helpful but friendly non the less. The breakfast was great. A wide variety of foods. Eggs, ham, tomatoes, potatoes, breads, cereals, fruits and beverages. It was a crowded area with a lot of people, but the staff worked well in clearing tables and restocking food as needed. The rooms are comfortable but small. There is not a lot of room to hang clothes but there is some drawer space. The bathroom was large considering the size of the room. The hot water took a while to get there and the water pressure is a little low for my personal taste. It did take a few days to figure out how to work the temperature for the shower. Our room had 2 twin beds. It was comfortabe but small. It is located near a police station so it was a little loud some night but it really didn't bother me. I was on the 5th floor and could see the top of the London Eye from my window. There is a hotel bar and also 2 pubs within walking distance. Right down the street is a little bakery with wonderful pastries and doughnuts and a bunch of other stuff. I went there for breakfast one morning when I didn't want to deal with the hotel crowd. There is also a pharmacy and a couple of convience stores located right down the street. The Imperial War Meusum is also located right near the hotel. It is free to visit the muesum so I would recomend checking it out. There are computer at the hotel and you can pay for internet usage. This was a decent hotel. I would stay there again.	
Mar 13 2009 	Shabby	Stayed on 10th March - was meant to stay for two nights but left after one. Staff were friendly,room was clean enough but small. There was insufficient hanging space for clothes and the bathroom was grubby.Had a nice surprise in the morning though - when the sun came streaming through the moth holes in the curtains!!Corridors were a disgrace - carpets ware old, almost threadbare and were so loose they were rucked/rumpled throughout.They (the carpets) were also dirty and stained and there was wallpaper peeling off along the corridors.Location is great for the tube but it is very noisy overnight with Police sirens going off frequently.Breakfast was ok but the dining area is small and crowded.Not to be recommended unless they do a major refurb.	
Mar 5 2009 	Reasonable cost good location	We stayed on the Saturday night of Feb 28, I booked 6 days earlier using Hotel Click and got a room including breakfast for £75 which was good because the hotel's own website wanted £99 for room only. As has been said before the hotel is within easy reach of the West End only a few minutes on the tube or you can walk, we did it twice and it took around 30 minutes to Trafalgar Square and we’re no spring chickens I’m 61 my wife 59 so if you’re younger and fitter you’d probably knock a few minutes off that.Our first impression of the Hotel was a happy, friendly and helpful receptionist then up to our room (413) which was comfortable, spotlessly clean with tea/coffee making facilities, although it did seem in a 1970s/80s time warp, indeed the TV remote button numbers were all worn off. There’s no A/C so I suspect the rooms would be very hot during the summer months, or is that days, and opening the windows would only make the noise problem worse The carpets in the corridors were showing signs of terminal wear as were some of the wall coverings. Comments made previously about noise are fully justified, our room was on the front of the hotel and traffic noise throughout the night was quite bad, I don’t know but I suspect rooms on the back of the hotel would be quieter, one of the problems is that the hotel is on a busy road junction so any emergency vehicles entering the junction on an emergency callout use their sirens through it but not much fun at 3 in the morning, I don’t think the noise is directly related to the police station opposite. Breakfast was supposed to be a continental breakfast but we had a choice of cereals, fruit juice, tea, coffee or drinking chocolate, as well as sausage, bacon, scrambled egg and cooked tomato all were nicely cooked, cold fare was also available altogether a very nice breakfast. The dinner menu is fairly simple but competitively priced at little more than pub food prices but we didn’t try it so I can’t comment further. The problem in London sometimes is that if you go to a show, by the time you return to the area that your hotel is in the pubs are either shut or will be within ten minutes. The hotel does have a bar and also show, Sky Sports TV so if you choose you can have a drink or two before going to your roomThe Imperial War Museum just across the road is well worth a visit, even if you don’t think it’ll interest you, we went in to pass half an hour and finished up staying for nearly 3 hours and still didn’t see everything that was on offer, and it’s free admission.Summing up I think this hotel is good value being as close as it is to central London, I’ve stayed further out in a worse hotel with poorer facilities and paid more, if I do another weekend break I will probably use it again, my only fear is that they will throw some money at it to update it and increase their prices which would make it less attractive to me.	
Jan 20 2009 	More Than What We Wanted	I stayed here for 15 nights with 13 members from my college studying abroad for winter intersession. This hotel was AWFUL. They advertise for laundry, WiFi, a business center, a conference room and breakfast (which were all reasons we chose to stay here). Laundry cost me over 80 pounds for 4 days worth of clothes, WiFi is 20 pounds a week, the &quot;business center&quot; consists of two computers on a table in the lobby and it costs to print pages, the 'conference room' was more like a room off the side to the lobby with barely enough room for 10 people and there were two tables in it. Breakfast was not good, and they were really strict about taking food out of the area.The staff was very unpersonable and had no knowledge on London or the surround area and how to get to certain locations. The maids stole money from our room, went through our stuff, barely made the beds and listened to our iPods. They also would come in at 9 in the morning without knocking.This hotel is the worst one I've ever stayed in. London is an amazing city and this hotel is not even worth five pounds a night (I wish we stayed next door at the hostel above THE STEAM ENGINE!)	
Jan 11 2009 	So and so	Just came back from a little vacation in London. I spent three days in Hotel Days Inn. The location is very good, few steps from tube station (Lambeth north) and bus stops, walking distance to Westminster and London eye. The hotel is just in front of a police station, so it could be a little noisy sometimes. The service in the hotel is poor, they have NO porter!!!! So be advised: you have to bring your lugagge by yourself!!!!! The breakfast was not that bed, but not very variegate. Definitively for what we paid is quite a good deal, considering the average prices in London, but don't expect something more than a simple three stars hotel!	
Oct 29 2008 	Good Value	Stayed at this hotel on a Saturday night in late October - 2 adults, 1 child, paying £83 incl breakfast.Convenient, central-ish location, a short stroll from Lambeth North underground station on the Bakerloo line, in a surprisingly pleasant looking area. As others have said, the hotel is opposite Kennington police station and there is the occasional noise from sirens, although it didn't really bother us.The hotel is fairly nondescript to look at - sort of 1970s concrete block. However, the public areas were clean and tidy if a little frayed at the edges in places.All the staff we encountered were polite and friendly.Check in was efficient. There was a problem with the room size for our booking (via agency) as we had been allocated a double room. This was quickly changed and we were allocated a triple room - 401, right at the end of the building. The maid was up within minutes to make up the sofa bed. The other beds were 2 singles. All were comfy, with plenty of pillows.You have to put your room card in a slot by the door to get power to the room.The room was large, clean and with tea/coffee making facilties, small TV with terrestrial channels and pay movies. There was a freestanding fan and an electric radiator. The window was single glazed, although like I said, the street noise didn't particularly concern us. The bathroom was large and clean, but with a bit of a poky shower cubicle - there is no tub. The water took ages to get hot. Reception advised us that we needed to run the tap for up to 10 minutes!! However, once the water arrived, it remained hot throughout the stay. There were plenty of towels and soap/shower gel dispensers on the wall.Like others have noted, breakfast was busy. We went down at 08.00 and the place was heaving. We managed to get a seat on one of the sofas and had breakfast on our lap - no big deal. There were plenty of items to choose from, from the hot and cold buffet.In summary, this hotel offers good value for money accommodation for a central hotel - we would definitely stay there again when we next visit London.	
Oct 15 2008 	Brilliant for a 3 star 	A great 3* hotel - not quite sure why it's not 4*!Hotel Room - a very decent size for a double hotel room in London. Compared to a lot of rooms in London, these are good! Bathroom was small but perfectly adequate with a good power shower. TV, coffee facilities, etc. all fine.Reception - staff were all very helpful and friendly.Breakfast - was brilliant as we were only expecting a continental and were met with a big buffet of full English along with pastries, fruit, cereal, toast, teacakes, etc. Nice!!Location - is great, literally only 3 minute walk from Lambeth North train station, or 10-15 minute walk from Waterloo, Houses of Parliament, Westminster, Big Ben, etcAll in all a great hotel and at a good price. We would definately stay here again.	
Aug 19 2008 	good budget option	if you want somewhere cheap, central and clean this place is a good optionThe noise from the street is not as bad as other reviews say - and really I think the only way to find somewhere quieter is to stay somewhere that's not quite so central, it was just normal city centre noise levels.Lambeth is not the best of areas but also not the worst and its so convenient - with bus stops and tube stop really near the hotel. Very near waterloo tooStayed there because I wanted somewhere cheap and clean and not too expensive taxi wise from central london and was pleased with what I foundOh almost forgot - efficient staff too	
Aug 11 2008	OK for one night	OK for one night. Room (on front) very hot as window opened only 2 inches and no air-con. Police cars and ambulances based nearby with siren noise 24/7 . May be worth trying for one of the few rooms on the rear.Room and bathroom size adequate, very clean and recently re-painted.Staff very helpful and very polite. Good value continental and cooked buffet breakfast (£6.95) but do get there early (circa 7.30am) to beat the rush as dining room and servery are on the small size.Nearby Italian restaurant &quot;Cotto&quot; was good.Tube station nearby and buses outside.	
Jul 18 2008 	It was OK!	I needed to stay near Watereloo for train connections and most hotels were priced totally over the top for a mid week overnight stay. The Days Inn at Waterloo was £110 for a double room for single occupancy including breakfast so it seemed cheap!! Days Hotel is a 10 minute walk from Waterloo Station and is opposite Lambeth North Tube station. Area is OK by day, I used taxis by night. A few small shops and bars in close proximity but there is an outside seating area at the hotel with uncomfortable picnic benches instead of chairs. The bar had reasonable prices and the breakfast was adequate enough with not very good machine coffee. On arrival they mixed up my room as I requested a higher floor with a quiet room but was give a ground floor room on the main road. This was quickly sorted and I received a long narrow twin bedded room on the 4th floor. It was basic with single beds, no air conditioning and a basic yet functional bathroom. It was just 3* which is what the hotel advertises itself as. I slept with the fan on all night and the windows open and in fairness, even though there were sirens etc is was not disruptive. The carpets and decor in the corridors are a bit grim and need replacing but it was clean. There is nothing much else to add really and this is not the sort of hotel I would normally book for business or leisure. However, it served the purpose, was cheapish for London, was convenient for Waterloo station and had reasonable facilities. Would I stay there again, probably not unless I was desperate but it seemed full of business and leisure travellers so it must be doing something right.	
May 3 2008 	Efficient staff and clean but no air con and noise from police station opposite	Stayed here one night on business. Near the tube and some reasonably priced restaurants nearby.Good and efficient reception and room was clean and spacious, albeit with limited storage. Found the bed very comfortable.There is no air conditioning, which would normally not bother me as I prefer to open a window. However if you do open the window, it is extremely noisy - traffic noise, plus the sirens from the large police station opposite. There was no way of controlling the temperature in the room otherwise and it was boiling hot.This resulted in very little sleep.	
Apr 4 2008	We'd stay here again!	We chose the Days Inn Waterloo as part of a British Airways flight/hotel package purchased in June 2007, and it was an excellent decision and value. I'd read the previous reviews about a crowded breakfast scene and it was easy to get around that - either come later or earlier. We had no trouble at 7 or at 9:30, and the food was consistently plentiful and tasty.The room was small but arranged very well and it was clean and comfortable and beautifully maintained. We were on the 5th floor and had a perfect view of the Eye, and though we could hear some sirens we mostly didn't notice because we already live in a city (Washington, DC). Really, the noise wasn't a big deal at all. In addition to the Tube stop there are multiple bus lines you can access within blocks, so we found this location to be extremely convenient. We would have liked to have more eateries nearby within walking distance, but the Tandoori place down the street was yummy. We will definitely stay here again the next time we come!	
Mar 22 2008 	Waterloo Sunset	We were visiting London to go to The Old Vic theatre so I booked Days as part of the package because it was the closest hotel and also because I got a good deal. Although the official book-in time was 2PM, we arrived at 11AM to at least leave our bags off, instead we were given our room right away -----which was nice.The room was just fine for what we required, it was clean (and cleaned every day) comfortable and warm. The small bathroom was clean and fresh towels were provided each day.The buffet breakfast was great value IMO, although as has been pointed out, it could get a little bit crowded at times, but if you timed it right, the high-school students had already eaten and were waiting around reception for their coaches to arrive (Hi krissy :-)) The hotel is in a good location with Lambeth North tube station just up the street (£4 from here to Heathrow) and also a good bus service (159) which will take you past Westminster, Whitehall, Trafalgar Square, Piccadilly and Regent Street, ending at Marble Arch. The road outside the hotel has shops, cafés, restaurants, chemists and there are two pubs within 200yards. Kennington Road nick is just across the street and there are major hospitals nearby so there can be a lot of siren noise, but hey, you're in the centre of a major city, it's normal. The Imperial War Museum is across the street and is well worth a visit and the London Eye is about ten minutes walk.I enjoyed my four-day stay at Days and I would definitely stay there again.PS. Spacey and Goldblum were awesome!!	
Mar 12 2008	A decent budget hotel	I am a teacher and 4 of my colleagues and I accompanied a group of 27 high school students for a week trip in England. We stayed at the Days Hotel for 6 nights. Even though our group was large, the check-in was efficient. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The location of the hotel was good and it was only a 2 minute walk to Lambeth North tube station. We even had a view of the London Eye from our room which was especially pretty at night. I recommend asking for a room facing the London Eye!The buffet breakfast was well stocked and very tasty. The choices included eggs, bacon, sausages, beans, grilled tomatoes, freshly baked pastries, croissants, and rolls, a variety of cheeses, yogurt, fresh fruit, and cereal. There was also a coffee/hot chocolate machine and juice and milk available. The breakfast room was busy but we always found a seat. The breakfast was definitely worth it!My one complaint about the hotel was the shower. The water in the shower was never hot enough (it was just lukewarm), and the drain seemed clogged.However, the staff was accommodating and even let us use another room to shower one morning when there was no hot water.This was a great place to stay with teenagers, and it seems to be a popular place amongst tour groups,which might not be good if you are looking for an absolutely quiet hotel experience.Overall, the Days Waterloo was a clean, well-situated no-frills hotel.	
Mar 9 2008 	Good location but average	Days Inn Waterloo is as the name suggests within walking distance of the Waterloo International Station and therefore London Eye, Parliament etc.It's all just a bit average and I booked this on several occasions as I didn't want to pay over the odds for the nearby Novotel. I'll not bother in future as there seem to be better rates available these days.The room was clean but with only a shower and no bath. The beds are always too soft for me. The restaurant has a very limited menu and on my last visit I opted for the steak. I'm still chewing! With one beer and breakfast added to my room only rate it all came to £141. There's much better value out there but if your stuck and need to be in that area the Days Inn Waterloo would be adequate.	
Feb 2 2008 	Fine good value	Booked this hotel for a one night midweek stay and it was fine. Very clean, good room, great hot buffet breakfast. All this at a price of £118, for 2 double rooms, £29.50 each (breakfast included) booked through all hotels.com, did find the same hotel more expensive on other websites so make sure you shop around! By far the chaepest we found and really good value would definately use it again.	
Jan 26 2008 	Good location	A reasonably priced hotel, it's London, and it's clean, safe, and the staff were very helpful.The location is good, ten minutes walk and you're at the London eye, or take the tube.A minus point is the hectic breakfast area, not that it's so small just they have coach loads sometimes and they need to eat at the same time.I'd go back there, yes there are sirens from the police, but not so bad, that you can't sleep.	
Nov 24 2007 	Light sleeper?! .....Take earplugs!	We booked our stay at the same time as booking Theatre tickets so our weekend only cost us £200, so it was abit of a bargain!The hotel was nice and clean and the staff were friendly. Its in a great location, a minutes walk from the nearest tube and the Imperial War Museum.... and parking was only £10 a night (compared with £1 an hour at some others....)Breakfast was extremely busy, so unless you go earlier or later be prepared to stand around a bit, either waiting for a table or for food to be cooked. (no mushrooms though :( )The rooms were clean and tidy, not much wardrobe space though and the only thing was the hotel is right opposite a busy police station, the windows do not contain any noise so if you are a light sleeper take earplugs, like i did, and it was fine!All in all we had a lovely weekend and would stop here again, but i wouldn't pay walk in prices.	
Oct 21 2007	Good old Days Inn	Read the previous reviews with some trepidation but the room was fine and nice and clean. Got the Days as part of a theatre package and wouldn't have thought of it otherwise but we were pleasantly surprised. Breakfast area was too small and could be chaotic and there was hardly any hanging space for clothes in the hotel room but apart from that we were happy . Could be noisy at night. Hotel is near a police station and there's always a siren going off when you least expect it. Good access to Westminster Bridge, London Eye, Houses of Parliament.	
Oct 3 2007 	Don't be misled by the 'Waterloo' tag	The hotel itself is perfectly fine, not the most welcoming from the outside but inside the rooms are good, breakfast is good if standard fayre.There is no air conditioning but there was a fan in my room which was useful and welcoming. The staff are professional and helpful, and checkin/out was trouble free and speedy.The hotel is in a good location, just across the road from the Imperial War Museum (great museum) and within easy walking distance of Lambeth North Underground station. It is also easy enough to get to all the sights in Westminster. However, I was not that impressed by its 'Waterloo' tag - the station is a good 20-30 minute walk or one stop on London's hellishly pricey Underground. Hopefully hotels won't be going down the Ryanair route of misleading locations.	
Sep 25 2007	Good Value Accommodation	Great value hotel booked via a theatre package operator. Location very good, near to Lambeth Tube station. Breakfast OK but very busy as the hotel was full - not enough tables. Room spotless, but was a little noisy as already mentioned. Private Car Park was a bonus and very reasonable rates. Indian Restaurant next door very good. Would stay again, taking our children next time!!	
Sep 17 2007 	okay	Location was ok for Waterloo (our reason for booking), but the road it's on is very noisy. There's no aircon, and it's too noisy to keep the windows open.Wouldn't stay here unless I needed to be in that area especially.	
Sep 15 2007 	very good hotel for reasonable price	Although building does not look very nice from the outside...Very good accomodation near Waterloo station for reasonable price with very good service too. Clean and comfortable rooms (with small windows).Nearest tube is Lambeth just down the road, but just few minutes more and you are at Waterloo and London Eye...Imperial War Museum is just accross the road.Would not mind at all to stay again here when in London.	
Aug 20 2007 	Good budget hotel	This a good budget hotel in a good loaction. It's a 5 to 10 minute walk from the London Eye. However, it is positioned immediately accress from Kennington Police station so it can get a bit noisy with all the sirens! The rooms were clean, bathrooms clean but dated. We stayed in August and found the rooms really hot (may have been because we were on the 4th floor). Luckily there was a fan provided. Breakfast was limited, but tasty. Fresh hot criossants, eggs, bacon, cereal etc. Staff were helpful. No room service at all - which isnt good when its late and you're tired and hungry after a long journey. Also, food in the bar stops about 9.30 pm.	
Aug 8 2007 	Good Place to Stay	Arrived at 10pm &amp; Checked-In within 2 minutesRoom was Good (Bathroom was clean / Shower was excellent)Fan provided in room.(Temperature was 28 to 30 deg C outside)Easy to find from Lambeth North Tube Station, thus making travel into Central London very easy.Breakfast was good with a range of cereals &amp; fruits/bread as well as a cooked English Style Buffet Breakfast.Noise could be heard from the street - but then again you are in a Capital City.Overall I would recommend this hotel for anyone staying in London for a few days/weekend.	
Aug 7 2007 	An Average Hotel	I stayed there for six days in late July this year. The room was not very big but of a reasonable size. It was quite clean except that I found some stains on the bedsheet and a lot of dirt in the fan of the bathroom. Great that there was a coffee-making machine. Yes it's pretty noisy as it's right opposite Kennington Police Station but it wasn't a problem to me as I always fall asleep easily. Staff were helpful and polite.It's not air-conditioned but there's a small fan in the room. Fortunately during my stay the weather was quite cool but I figure that if you stay there in a hot summer, you'll feel like staying in an oven.The breakfast was quite good...a lot of food to choose. Newspapers were also provided for guests.It's close to a tube station and Waterloo Station so it's quite convenient. Howvever, the street's very quiet in the evening so don't return to the hotel too late.	
Jul 24 2007	Noisy neighborhood	This hotel is about a 10-15 minute walk from the Waterloo train station. Our room was very small, but adequate, clean, decent bed, etc. The major problem is that we were there on a Friday night and the street noise was a big problem. It was a warm night so we had to open the window and the cars, trucks, police sirens were going on all night long.	
Jul 11 2007 	Not great!	We spent an overnight stay at this hotel. It was very much as we expected with the 'standard' decor and facilities. Everything was very clean etc but we were put in the TINIEST room I have ever stayed in, A small triangular room in the 'bend' of the corridor. I suppose this was as the hotel was completely full and we were only staying for the one night.We were not around long enough to comment on the staff except to say they were 'efficient' - all except for one point with which we were not at all impressed. We pre-arranged car parking but on arrival they had failed to reserve us a parking place in their limited car park, leaving us to park some distance away! This caused us great inconvenience and some worry about the safety of our vehicle and did a lot to mar the enjoyment of our stay.	
May 3 2007	Very Good Hotel	Rooms spotless,although quite narrow but sufficient for a 2 night stay. Staff very friendly &amp; helpful. We stayed the weekend of the London Marathon, and on the Sunday we were leaving, there was no room to leave our cases in the designated area. The staff went out of their way to assist us and let us put our luggage in their office space ,although it was an ordinary working day for them.Would definitely stay there again very handy for the London Eye and the tube station.	
Apr 17 2007	Good value ok rooms basic business class hotel	The rooms and restaurant are reasonable value for money. Rooms are clean, neat, quite and well proportioned. Room décor is ‘standard’. This is one of my favourite hotels to stay in when I visit the South Bank of London. Its about 1 mile south of Waterloo Station. Staff are pleasant. I negotiated a small discount on the advertised rate.	
Mar 31 2007	Tolerable but only just	In the middle of nowhere, very small rooms, and rather cold in the winter. Breakfast is rather sparse, and finishes strictly at 10am so don't delay. But the rooms are clean and the prices are not bad for London.	
Mar 15 2007 	Great surprise!	I stayed in this hotel last year and forgot to write a review, I was so surprised at how nice it was for the money.Rooms though not very large were spotless and comfortable. food was nice and the location is great! dont hesitate to go if u are unsure,for a budget hotel its just perfect and right beside the police station so its a really safe area, just two min walk to tube and lots of convenient shops nearby.	
Mar 14 2007 	Great value	I spent six nights at the Waterloo Days Inn and my experience was very positive. I found the staff to be friendly and accommodating, and the hotel to be clean (even a computer in the lobby with free internet). I had read the reviews that said there was a lot of road noise, and sirens from the adjacent police station. I requested a room away from the police station and invested in a cheap pair of earplugs and I slept like a baby. The rooms are very small by American standards, but I found mine to be functional. The bathroom was modern and the shower was just large enough and provided lots of hot water. I had a hot breakfast every morning (bacon, sausage and eggs). There were plenty of rolls, croissants, cereal, fresh fruit, cheese and yogurt to accommodate your tastes. The nearest tube station is Lambreth North (approximately 150m from hotel) on the Bakerloo Line which is about a 10 minute ride to central London. By the way I would definitely suggest getting an Oyster card rather than a multi or single-day pass. You should be able to get one of these at any of the tube stations, and basically it's a prepaid card that can be used for the tube, buses and/or trains. You will never be charged more than a single day pass per day, and any remaining money you have on the card can be refunded at the Heathrow Airport tube office. Also, as my friend found out on a previous trip they will not refund you for a lost multi-day pass. With the Oyster you can at least get a new card. There are a couple of small convenience stores located near the Days Inn and a nice Thai restaurant just east of the tube station. I would also recommend the London Pass (1,2,3 or 7 days). London is super expensive for American's right now, but this is a great way to check out all the cool touristy things and not have to pay all those expensive entrance fees, although all of the Museum's are free! I got mine through ---.com and they also have an area for coach and train trips. I went on a coach tour to Windsor, Stonhenge and Bath and it was a LOT of fun. They send you a booklet with great recommendations for reasonably priced restaurants, which was a must for someone on a budget. Speaking of Museum's the British War Museum is just across the street, and they have a fantastic WWI trench simulation and a Holocaust section that is very powerful. If you want to stay in a place that is in a quiet section of London, and offers a decent home base, I would recommend the Waterloo Days Inn.	
Mar 4 2007 	Great Value	We stayed in the Days Inn for one night in February as we were catching the early Eurostar train to Brussels on the Saturday morning. We did not really know what to expect having read some of the earlier reports on Trip Advisor. However we were pleasantly surprised. The staff on the desk were polite, helpful and very quick at booking us in. The room was fine. We did not need to unpack our case for one night so had no problem with wardrobe space etc and did not think the room was too small. Have been in smaller rooms!!!! The room was very clean as was the bathroom.We had booked in for bed and breakfast, at a very good rate, and because we would be leaving very early on Saturday the hotel said they would do us a packed breakfast which consisted of two croissants, jam and butter, two apples, two oranges, two cakes and two cartons of apple juice (2 people) which we really appreciated.All in all for the amount of money we paid for the room the service was very, very good.Also we left our car at the hotel (£10 per night) and picked it up on Monday night on our return. Again the staff were courteous and helpful. Would recommend this hotel for a short stay especially if getting early train from Waterloo and we walked to the station and back on our return which was not far at all.	
Feb 5 2007	great hotel!	great location one minute from lambeth north underground station, you can be at most major attractions quickly and easily. the room was very clean and we got clean sheets and towels daily. best bit was probably breakfast which was served til 11 at weekend and 10 during the week, lots of choice from fruit and cereal, yoghurts, pastries and a full english. all in all very good value for money would definitely stay again.	
Feb 3 2007 	Very disappointing	The worst hotel we have stayed in, either in the UK or other countries. The room was far too small for two people. There was just 15cm of hanging space for clothes. The lifts broke down, there is no central heating and the traffic noise made sleep impossible - sirens 24 hours a day. The bed was uncomfortable. The maid took away one set of towels and didn't replace them and the shower was dirty on arrival. On the plus side, the location is good for tourist spots.	
Dec 3 2006 	Clean but nothing special.	The bright side: the rooms and towels were clean, and the hotel offers very easy access to the Tube. The down side: nonchalant staff and pretty overpriced. Let me clarify, though: by overpriced, I mean it in the universal sense. For London, I must admit the hotel is only slightly overpriced.	
Jul 24 2006 	If you don't need to be near Waterloo station....	...I'd choose otherwise. Wasn't very impressed with this hotel at all to be honest. Stayed here during Royal Ascot week for easy access to Waterloo Station which was handy however for 2 nights it cost me £219.00 and there was no air conditioning, the room was poky and the room service food was terrible. The staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful and there is a separate ironing room which is a great idea. All in all though if you don't need to be near Waterloo I'd choose somewhere else. You can pay these prices more centrally and get a much bigger and better room with aircon.	
Jul 18 2006 	Excellent for easy Eurostar connections	Stayed here unexpectedly with my Mother lastnight whilst making sure she made her connection to Eurostar. Usually stay in larger and more expensive chains but this was excellent for what it was.Twin comfortable beds, clean, perfectly adequate shower and toilet, coffee and tea tray with nice big new cups. Ice machine in lobby. Large freestanding fan in room which was very quiet. Plenty of towels. Needs more pillows but these can be asked for.Staff helpful and polite.Breakfast not to busy and enough choice with everything stocked regularly. £5.95 if not included in room price.Windows open, hotel as awhole very quiet.Main road outside was only downside as very noisy till late and many police sirens most of the night.Possible to walk to Waterloo when not too hot but cab, which can be booked from hotel, is only about £6.00For rest of London tubes and buses in easy reach or walking.Would use again.	
Nov 28 2005	Location 	I booked the Days Inn Waterloo on the back of staying at other Days Inns in London. I was delighted with the location 3 mins walk from Lambeth North Tube Station. 4 stops to Oxford Circus. How handy is that!! The area is quiet but I was able to have a nice meal with my wife in a decent Thai restaurant over the road from the hotel. The rooms where small but clean and comfortable and so was the bathroom. However, it was clean and the powershower was good also. The breakfast that is a buffet style breakfast was excellent. Only slight issue I would have was the police sirens going off from the police station at anytime at night, but hey, its London!. Could be New York or anywhere. All in all a very pleasent experience. Staff where friendly and the atmosphere was very relaxed. If you are looking for great value in a convenient location but don't fancy paying 5-star prices then I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Nov 22 2005	very clean safe modern	I stayed here with my son, and we loved it. The room was super clean, modern new furniture, large enough, large enough bathroom, fairly convenient (bus #59 takes forever, but there is a tube stop a few blocks away). We usually stay at the County Hall Travel Inn, but I thought the room was much better at the Days Inn.	
Oct 28 2005 	Not too Bad	I originally stayed here on a business trip. I found it well located and clean. The staff were efficient and polite. I decided that the location was ideal for a family visit to London. The parking is limited but if you get there early enough you get 24hours for £10. The room was roomy and clean and had all you need in a room (TV, hair drier, coffee and tea facilities). The ensuite was a bit scruffy but clean. And toiletries forgoten can be requested free from reception. The restuarant is simple and clean with a meal for all pallets. The bar is limited but there are nice pubs close by.  The real winner is the location you can walk to the london eye in 10 mins utes and an hour walk will take you round Trafalgar square, Palace of Westminster, Lambeth Palace, Horse Guards etc. So for a good clean central hotel I recommend it. I had my wife and 2 kids and our 1 night dinner bed and breakfast cost £190 including parking and bar.	
Sep 16 2005 	look around a bit more	To sum up my rating, I would not stay here again. I have detailed my observations below. While the size of the room was small, you really can't expect much more from a hotel in a major city, so that wasn't even a consideration in this review.Bad:- The bed was extremely bouncy. If you're sleeping alone it may be ok, but it still wasn't very comfortable. But, if you intend on sleeping with someone else in the bed who moves around at all during the night, you too will be awoken (unless you decide to sleep in shifts). This is a serious issue if you are considering this hotel since you're just going to be spending the night there. It's difficult to enjoy your days when you've had very little sleep.- The drain in the bathroom sink made a gurgling noise for a long time after water ran down it, and a sewer stench would emanate from it when it did so.- The person at the front desk I dealt with (twice) was rude and unhelpful on both occasions. I can't say anything about the staff as a whole, since I unfortunately wound up with the same person for both of my interactions.- A police station is situated right across the street from the hotel. Thus, many sirens both day and night, so bring your earplugs.- While Wireless internet is available at the hotel, you have to pay for it. Expect to spend 5 pounds for 1 hour, 10 pounds (?) for 4 hours, or 35 pounds for a week of access. As an added bonus, the service was down at least three times during my stay for over 30 minutes each time (and that was just when I was using the service)- The shower is extremely small. I only comment on this because it is possible to stay in a hotel in a big city at a reasonable price and have a large shower. We stayed in a hotel in the historic district in Paris on this trip for a similar price that had a lovely shower. In the shower in this hotel, if you drop the soap - good luck being able to contort yourself to pick it up. The shampoo/soap dispenser in the shower doesn't help matters in this regard.Good:- The hotel is rather close to the Lambeth North station. This was very convenient for trips into the city for sightseeing.- The room was relatively clean.Tip: If you don't want to spend 6 pounds per person for breakfast, there is a nice little bakery not more than 30 yards from the hotel that is rather inexpensive. This was our source for breakfast for most of our stay.	
Sep 13 2005 	nice hotel shame about the noise	This is a nice hotel, but my night's stay was spoiled by traffic noise that woke me up at 6.15am. I had asked for a quiet room and I was placed at the eastern side of the hotel, some distance back from Lambeth Bridge Road. If you are at all sensitive to noise, try to insist on being placed on the side of the hotel facing away from Lambeth Bridge Road - the other side of the hotel isn't noise free either, but it should be quieter.The room and shower room (no bath) were very good for the price I paid (£79 a night through Laterooms) or even the rack rate (£99). For some reason I was given a quad, even though I was a single traveller. Breakfast was okay (£5.95), the usual sort of buffet breakfast, but the breakfast area was over-crowded and some people had to have their breakfasts on low tables in the lobby area adjacent.Nontheless, the quality of the room means I'd definitely have given the hotel 4/5 if it weren't for the noise.	
Aug 26 2005	good value	The breakfast is of good value (not included in my room rate). Room is small but clean. Front desk is professional but don't expect especially warm service.This hotel has a great location. It is close to the War Museum and the tube. The neighborhood is not boring; rather you find grocery stores and at least 8 ethnic restaurant. We walked to the London Eye by going through the Waterloo Station (about 15 minutes away).One problem is that there are noisy ventilation facilities at the back. Either get a higher level or close the window. A police station is to the front so do expect siren.Overall this is good for those who get out from the Waterloo Station though the station is not really pedestrian friendly.	
Jul 5 2005	Good for the money	If you are looking for frills do not stay here. For a clean, decent sized hotel on a budget, this is your place.	
May 27 2005	Good value	Booked one night at this hotel for its convenient location to the Old Vic Theatre (15 minute walk away). The room was an unusual shape but pleasant. Long and narrow, the 2 single beds were face each other, instead of along side each other. Never the less, the room look recently redecorated and furnished and clean. The bathroom was a reasonable size (no bath, just a shower cubicle). Breakfast was good, plenty of choice and tables to choose from. Staff were all friendly and attentive. I would stay here again, but only for 1-2 nights, not a longer stay, as there was only a small wardrobe and no drawers for your belongings.	
May 17 2005 	Best Value in Town	I stay in this hotel once a month as it offers the best value in town. You get a lot more for your money and a lot more than the other budget hotels in and around london.Will continue to stay here until i get a better hotel for the money i pay (i'll let you know when i do). Stay once and you'll see the difference.	
May 7 2005	Awful welcome excellent stay.	I was on a 2-day stopover in London, while flying between Marseille and Canada, and before leaving, I booked two nights at the Days Hotel London Waterloo. It was an internet booking made through the Days Inn website, and seemed to be a good deal at 48 GPB/night. Arriving at 1 pm to check-in, having come directly to the hotel from Gatwick after an exhausting flight, I wanted to grab a quick shower and head off sightseeing. I ended up having to wait for almost two hours before a room was free, despite the fact I had contacted the hotel notifying the staff of my arrival time. The woman who dealt with me was excessively rude and abrasive to the point that I seriously considered going elsewhere. Luckily, my room was ready before my patience wore out.Once in my room I was very glad I had decided to stay. Everything from the bedspread to the bathroom fixtures looked new and while not huge, the room was larger than I had expected. No bath, but an excellent shower, and everything was very clean and of good quality. My room faced a busy intersection and as a result was at times quite noisy. Also, the hotel is very close to a police station so I was a little bothered by the occasional siren. Overall, though, I quickly got used to the noise.The location is convenient if you are arriving or departing from Waterloo rail station. If not, the area is not very interesting. Just a 5-minute walk along a busy road to the underground, though, so you can still have easy access to the best of central London.While the quality of service at the hotel was terrible, the room was excellent and the area convenient, if a little removed from the main shopping / sightseeing / restaurant areas of the city. I would definetly stay here again as long as I could get a comparable rate, and I'll make sure to arrive after 3 pm or prepare myself for another fight with the staff at the front desk.	
Mar 28 2005	Boring neighborhood		
Mar 4 2005 	Not very good		
Mar 3 2005	Not bad price Not great service		
Jan 7 2005	Excellent deal!		
Jan 5 2005	Basic basic basic!!!		
Dec 6 2004	Great buy		
Oct 31 2004	great value		
Sep 26 2004	Great Hotel		
Jun 16 2004	Brilliant		
Jan 20 2004	perfection		
Oct 6 2009 	????????		
Sep 11 2009 	Muy buen hotel en una buena zona		
Apr 20 2009 	Positivamente sorpresa ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Mar 27 2009 	Con todo cerca!		
Mar 21 2009	Einfach super!		
Mar 18 2009 	Costa quanto vale		
Jan 3 2009	Buyant et fade		
Dec 1 2008 	Hotel mit gutem Frühstück ab 6:30		
Jul 31 2008 	Bruyant et moche		
Mar 25 2008 	Da consigiare		
Mar 22 2008 	Un hotel interesante		
Feb 7 2008	Moyen moyen !!!		
Feb 2 2008	Loin de l'eurostar ...		
Jul 31 2007 	Hotel essenziale		
Nov 16 2006 	Hotel trés correct		
