	Very basic but charming and helpful staff	I wanted somewhere inexpensive to stay while I dealt with queries from the editor of a book of mine that will be published next year. For my purposes the hotel was fine, and I must put in a special word of praise for the receptionists. They were most anxious to be helpful, and were very welcoming. I notice that one of the adverse reviews complained about the absence of IT facilities. I needed IT facilities, and a receptionist explained how to get to an internet cafe ten minutes walk away - which served my needs perfectly. The room and shower-room were indeed small, but the bed I occupied was firm, and I slept well. Whether unusually or not, I had no noise problem at all. I missed the kettle and tea arrangements which are normal now in guest houses and hotels, and wasn't altogether convinced that the drinks machine was a substitute. But the tea was a respectable tea-bag, not powdered stuff, and I had no complaints about the quality of he drink. I suppose the coffee was instant, which is sad. The breakfast was very basic, but I don't normally eat much breakfast. Someone referred to bread slices: this is a libel. The rolls are good Italian-style rolls. My practice was to eat one with the tea and secreted the other in the paper napkin provided to eat later with cheese in Tavistock Square. I would not recommend the place for my wife, who is somewhat disabled and needs a lift. I would certainly mention it to any fellow-academic with a cheerful disposition who needed somewhere convenient to stay while using London libraries. Many of your visitors are evidently miserable fuss-pots.	
Nov 20 2009 	Value for money	its very nice hotel.close to all major city attractions .Stairs are not good.But quite reasonable for this price .	
Oct 9 2009 	very basic very friendly staff	I stayed there 2 days . The room, hotel and breakfast is very basic! but you cannot expect a lot if you don't pay a lot... i dont recommend for families.This is students accomodation only. one plus of this hotel is very friendly staff! welcoming and very helpful.	
Sep 30 2009		the room was too small for 4 persons, small bathroom, did`nt work ,the shower i mean. The staff my gosh:( but bsides all that, the hotel is located near the subway, Near to the park, shops, bars and resturants near by..just 4min walking to the subway,	
Jun 25 2009 	Good for somewhere to sleep and that's it	We stayed here for 3 nights. I have never seen a bathroom so tiny! There are no lifts, continental breakfast consists of juice and 2 bread rolls, you have to pay to get anything else, which isn't much better. We didn't bother going again. The only parking we could find was a ten minute walk away in a multi-storey carpark, (very expensive!). Staff were very friendly. If you plan on staying in your room a bit more than just somewhere to sleep, this will be a bit too claustrophobic. Good place to be for local restaurants and easy walk to Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens.	
Apr 8 2009 	OMG - the staircase from hell....	I knew when I couldn't fit the suitcase up the stairs there was going to be a problem with the room size. We booked a Triple Room as my wife and I were sharing with our 4 year old. He loved the top bunk, but my wife was not impressed with the bottom single bunk and my 1' wide single bed with wire under mattress springs.... creak creak creak all night everytime someone moved! :)I understand we weren't paying for the Mayfair, and the location was absolutely brilliant but these owners are slum lords! I pity the poor buggers in there if there ever was a fire.... it would be impossible to escape from in time.Anyway, you get what you pay for here. Nothing but location...	
Jan 14 2009	One up from a Hostel	It was clean (a bit outdated), but safe for two 22 year old females traveling by themselves. The location was great, only two minute walk to the tube. Mainly, we were safe and it was clean. Sure the bathroom was the size of a restroom stall, but for the budget we were on it was great-- especially when you just need a place to put your bags and sleep at night. If you plan on spending time in your room, then this is not the place. I would definitely rather stay here then in a hostel any day!	
Dec 20 2008 	Just awfull !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This is defenitely not a hotel!!!!Maybe a hostel and not a good one!!!!First of all we booked a double room to end up with a room with one bed and a bed up to another-I dont know how to say that in english,sorry.....The one bed was in teribble condition... We put blankets so to get sleep!!The bathroom,well what is that? Have you been to a ship before? Well is 100 % worst!! You just cant imagine. 2 people in the same bathroom this is not possible,just to give you an example!!We try to get some sleep but was not posibble!! The walls like paper and the hotel full of young people that were shouting and jumb on the floors all night!! We telephone the receptionist ,but only after 1 hout the problem solved-in a way....The hotel has no heat!!! Do you believe that in London???? We were lucky enough that the weekend we went was not such cold!!!The breacfast?? Well that is a joke!! Juice or coffe ,you have to choose and just a slice of bread with butter and jam. For everything else you had to pay... And I can imagine how delicius would it be... Anyway,so much noise in the breakfast with all these childrens,we just couldnt stand!!The only good is the area.. I love Bayswater!!! its my 4d time going in this area..Trust me!!!Find another hotel if you want to take some sleep!!!	
Oct 28 2008 	Incredible. Please. This is not a hotel!	Definitely Lords Hotel is NOT a hotel. Maybe quite a few years ago...The building is old and tired. A considerable reform is badly needed. It seems like they are about to close and they are getting the last pounds they can before they collapse.Welcome: my double room was transformed in a six beds room (three bunks in the middle) with no place even to sit. They apologized because they were full, but I had made and paid the reservation two months in advance. After much complaining, they changed me the following night to a third class boat room with a submarine bathroom. But double room, at least...Breakfast was basic: orange juice or orange powdered water?? Old bread bums and cheap coffee. If you desired some luxury you had to pay for it (this includes milk... or cereals).Of course no lift. From the breakfast room to my boat room: Four high stores. We had to hire two &quot;sherpas&quot; to help us up.Summarizing: It´s a ratther cheap place but some teenage hostels deserve more stars and recognition, and at least you know where you are going. This is pure cheating.Something positive: Location near Hyde Park and Queensway.	
Oct 5 2008 	Quite nice	Me and my boyfriend stayed here for 4 nights in June. I booked it in advance and read a whole lot of reviews, some good and some bad, but overall good. I have to say that I really enjoyed my stay here. The staff were nice and the room was clean. The bathroom was cleaned every day, the sheets were clean (not changed, of course). They do not change the towels every day, but I agree with that, plus it's environmentally friendly. I don't change towels in my house every day, but you can have them changed if you want to at an extra cost (1/2 pounds, I think). I slept very well. The room is tiny and so is the bathroom, but I'd rather have that than share one, and considering the price, I would say it's a pretty good bargain. We paid extra to have an English breakfast and to be honest, I could not eat everything as it was too much. But my boyfriend did, so... Continental breakfast consists of two bread rolls (one of them whole wheat, which is great for us ladies), jam and butter, milk and coffee and orange squash (more cordial, but ok). You can have more things at an extra cost. We only went to the hotel to sleep and shower so it was perfect for us. That was the second time in London and the first time I also stayed in Bayswater. It's a lovely area, near Queensway and Bayswater tube station (5 min walk), Hyde Park, Portobello market and lots of restaurants. They also have outlet adaptors and hairdryers on request, which is great. I also needed a fridge to store my insulin, as I'm a diabetic and they provided that as well, no problem. Overall, if you're looking for a budget hotel, but insist on having a good place to rest, cleanliness and location , Lords Hotel is the place to stay.I'm going back this November and I've already booked there again.Sofia AraújoPortugal	
Sep 11 2008 	Basic but good value	If you are looking for cheap accommodation in a convenient location Lords will suit you. Its one up from a hostel. Fairly clean, the rooms are serviced daily, don't leave your towel on the floor or its a 1 pound charge (they supply you with a new one). The bathroom was tiny but better to have that than shared facilities. The rooms are dated with a jumble of bunks and single beds. I liked it as Bayswater is a handy location, the tube is nearby as is a bus stop for the hop on hop off bus and Hyde Park. Don't get excited about the 'continental breakfast' as it is just two dinner rolls with jam, coffee or tea and cordial ('squash'). We managed to find a pub around the corner, the Black Lion with a 4.95 pounds full breakfast with coffee. Tescos and Spar are near there as well so you can buy supplies there. There's no bar fridge or tea or coffee making facilities but there was a tv and a phone. I also liked the fact that it was a secure building (we stayed in the building separate to the main building where you check-in). Staff were friendly.	
Sep 11 2008 	One of the cleanest and cheapest hotels at central London	Very convenient place to reach, nice and warm staff, clean room and sheets which is a surprise for me in London! We stayed in a triple room, although the room was tiny, it was designed very well. We even had a balcony where I felt like I was in a movie!!!The bathroom was very small, but at least we had it inside the room, and it was clean. Breakfast includes two nice breads and jams, coffee or tea and juice. It was Ok for that price. I suggest this hotel to the ones who want to stay at central London with a very cheap price. Sema, Turkey	
Aug 21 2008 	great ultra cheap place in the most expensive capital of the world	a very basic but brilliantly affordable place in the heart of london, close to beautiful hyde park, museums, happening portobello, what more could you ask and for £60 a night with your own shower. it is tired, but they are doing a great job with good staff at an incredible price. don't know how they do it, but they've been going for nearly 40 years, so the equation must work.	
Aug 11 2008 	The cleaning "ladies" steal	I thought it was a good place to stay for cheap money. But that was until i found out that the people who clean the rooms steal. Im 100% sure that an item was stolen after they/ that person had been there. Its a very cheap hotel, and the owners hire cheap labour who are not trusthworthy. If you want to keep you things safe...dont stay at this hotel!!	
Aug 8 2008 	Avoid at all costs!!!!	Cheap, tatty, grimy, sleazy with the tiniest bathroom imaginable. It is like something out of Dickens - &quot;Bleak House&quot; is apt. The only saving feature is the location. This place was the absolute pits - and the low point of our visit to the UK.There is a spirit of meaness the proprietors convey - basic services, freely provided by other establishments are available at a cost.Very disappointing	
Jul 11 2008 	Worth the money. I liked it.	Booked the Lords Hotel less than 24 hours before i arrived for £50 for one night. Was the only hotel room in London I could find. Easy to get the bus from Oxford St and just a 5 min walk from the bus stop. Or just 2 mins from Bayswater tube. My room had bright wallpaper which I would rip off if I owned the hotel. It was not a huge problem. The room was small but very clear, I had a balcony, lovely view of the quiet street en-suite. Very small ensuite, the smallest I had ever seen but everything worked and I was happy.The area itself is great. Lords is on a quiet street but right next to Queensway and Westbourne Grove which have lots of restaurants, bars and shops. It looks a lot further on the map from anything then it actually is.Bed was comfy, I slept really well, no external or internal noise. Not the most luxurious hotel I have ever stayed in but for £50 a night it was great for me for a stopover.	
Jun 15 2008	Glad i chose Lords Hotel	Personally, I enjoyed my stay at the Lords Hotel. It's located near Bayswater tube station and close to the Whiteleys shopping centre (inside the shopping centre there's H&amp;M, M&amp;S, Muji, Books Etc...), it has many restaurants, cafes, pubs and supermarkets near to it, and i don't even have to travel very far for dinner and shopping.The price i paid to stay at the Lords Hotel for 8 days and 7 nights, twin room with breakfast, cost me about 400 pounds for 2 person(200 pounds each), which was well within my budget. Breakfast was rather boring, with just 2 small loaves of bread with butter/jam, and tea/coffee/orange squash, i managed to survive by buying orange juice/milk/fruits/yoghurt from the nearby Tesco to supplement my breakfast. Their staff are friendly and efficient. I arrived at Heathrow at about 6am and when i reached the hotel, it was only 8am, fortunately, they had available rooms for me to check in early, so i ended up checking in at an early hour rather than having to wait until 2pm.First, they gave me a double room, when i realised that, i went to the reception again and told them i needed a twin room, and without any complaints, they just changed it for me. Thr room was a mite spartan-like, but no problem for me, as i brought my own traveller size electric jug and hairdryer. If i wanted hot beverages at night, i could have them, and if i wanted to blow-dry my hair, i had it right by my side. Basically, i would say that the Lords Hotel is for someone who just want to have a good night's rest after a long day of sightseeing and travelling. It's also an excellent hotel to stay at for someone who has a tight budget but don't like to stay in a hostel and share showers and toilets with strangers.Though the bathroom is small, and you'd often knock your elbows against the walls, at least i didn't have to share it with strangers, is what matters the most to me.If i'm going to London again, i'll definitely stay at Lords Hotel again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Clean and good value.	This hotel is really cheap for being London. I didn´t expect much when i booked this hotel but i was positively surprised. it´s nothing fancy but a clean, safe hotel with friendly staff. We were two people and got a big room with three beds. I have never seen a bathroom so small as the one in our room but it was in our room for not lots of money and it was clean. The included breakfast is not that great, it´s coffe and breadrolls but you can get more stuff for a cheap price. I read somewere that the closest subwaystation is Queensway whitch is wrong, it´s Bayswater. They are only one minut apart but i had some trouble finding the hotel because of that, but if you know it, it´s easy. Next time i go to London and are not planning to spend to much time on the hotel i will definetly stay here again.	
Mar 21 2008 	Great Location very Friendly bit noisy in the morning	We stay at Lords Hotel mid-march 2008, not in the main building, at 100 meters, no problem, much better. No elevators, very cramped stairs to reach our room at the 4th floor. The room was clean, not brand new but ok. Very small bathroom. The neighborhood is very quiet. The problem is inside. From 7h30am, you ear shower's noise, water sounds. Breakfast until 9h30am with bread, butter and jam. Avoid the orange juice, it's not a juice. Add £4 and ask the eggs and bacon. TIP: to avoid students groups have you breakfast from 9h. Location is great, 15min to Portobello market, Notting Hill and nice restaurants around (chinese, greek, japanese). Transports: bus stop around to Oxford street or the Tube Circle line stop Bayswater. TIP: use the Central line stop Queensway, more convenient to go downtown and no Circle lines delays.	
Jan 21 2008 	Shabby but good location	On the time of our arrival, we were told that the hotel was overbooked and that we had to move to another hotel for the first night. This was the first negative experience. When we returned the next day, we got a room a the top floor, fifth i think. Of course no elevator, only an extremely typically narrow british staircase. The room was small, with two singlebeds, the floor leaned extremely, ant the bathroom was no larger than a little cupboard. The shower had almost no water. The dining area looked new, but the breakfast not much to talk about. The staff was ok. The hotel is located nearby everything; Hyde Park, shopping malls, restaurants and only a few minutes away from the nearest underground station. At the time of our stay, the hotel was filled with swedish students on a schooltrip, and there was noise all night through, neighbourhood itself wasnt to quiet either.	
Nov 24 2007 	IN A VERY NICE AREA and value for monay	I stayed at Lord's hotel for 5 nights on february 2007.If you CONSIDER THE PRICE and that we are talking about London it is a VERY GOOD DEAL!!!the hotel is clean enough but indeed old,if it wasn't so old i believe that IT WOULD COST DOUBLE ,because is in a great location!All the disadvantages i can recall comes from the fact that it is old.The room was good,pleasent and big,the furniture were nice and there was a tapestry on the wall from the 70's which i found very cute even though it was outmoded and old.The bathroom had HOT WATER all the time,it was small and even though it was clean it smelled a bit bad i think from the pipes or something like that.What i liked most was the location:NEAR 3 UNDERGROUND LINES,5 min.from bayswater(yellow&amp;green)and 10 from Queensway(redline)Bayswater is A REALLY SAFE AREA with nice buildings and a lot of hotels which are more more more expencive than lords hotel.SO lords hotel is a GREAT DEAL that OFFERS THE GREAT LOCATION AND THE CLEANNESS!	
Sep 30 2007	not a hotel*not a hotel*a [--] hole.*i cried	Went for a nice weekend, to see Ricky Gervais at Royal Albert Hall, and picked hotel due to location. It was like a CRAP b&amp;b in Blackppool. The reception was in diff building, and was about 5 mins away. Our bit was just rooms, no reception, no mothing, not even a drink machine. Just a room in a building. The room next door had about 5 travellers in, shouting, slamming doors all nite. Room was smallest i have ever seen, matress so thin, could feel the bed frame. The bathroom was the a plastic cubical fitted into corner of room, sort of like a airplane loo(same size). i had taken lots of fancy clothes, never got to wear them, no access to an iron. Its basically a hostel, and shouldnt be called a hotel.We had booked and paid for 2 nites, just left after 1st nite and paid full wack somewhere else.DO NOT GO UNLESS U ARE A YOUNG TRAVELLER . IT WAS A SHOCK TO ME, AND DIDNT THINK PLACES LIKE THAT EXSISITED.IT SEEMED TO BE GROUPS OF YOUNG TRAVELLERS OR SCHOOL TRIPS TO LONDON.	
Aug 22 2007 	Cheap bit tatty but clean	First impressions were that it was a grim place. Shabby carpets on the stairs and paintwork which left a lot to be desired.But the room was clean, the bedding spotless and the towels also clean.The graffiti on the bunk beds in the room was a little disarming.I found the room quite airless despite opening the window as wide as possible and the pillows were like rocks.But if you are looking for somewhere cheap to stay in London for a couple of nights, then this isn't too bad.And there are some pretty good shops and a decent cinema in the Whiteleys Centre nearby.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great value for the price!	I have to say that after reading some of the reviews, I was a little worried but I really didn't need to. We arrived on sunday at about 3 in the afternoon and he lady at the reception was really nice and answered all our questions. We were on the first floor in the main building (no lifts). We were a little surprised to end up in a room for 5 persons when it was only the two of us but the receptionist was fast in reassuring us that we wouldn't share. Yes, the bathroom is small but the water is hot is the pression is good too. They didn't change the towels but it was explained on a paper on the bathroom door. The room was very clean and we had extra blankets (even if we didn't need them).The only down sides are that the walls are very thin and you could hear the people next door. also, the breakfast consisted only of 2 little breads with jam and tea or coffe. But for the price paid, it was really reasonable!I would totally come back to this hotel!	
Jul 16 2007 	Excellent for a budget hotel in London!	Im just back from 5 days staying at Lords. Its a great budget hotel in London! 2 mins walk (well lit with a few pubs so it feels a safe enough walk) from Bayswater Tube station which runs the circle line. Plenty of restaurants nearby and a convenience store within 2 mins walk. Hotel is clean and tidy. The hotel has 2 buildings, one with reception and some rooms, the rest of the rooms are in another biulding 30 seconds walk from the first. CCTV in both buildings. The second building (where i stayed) has a card lock on the front door so thats quite safe. Not sure about the reception buiding, but ours didnt have a lift. We were on the top floor so it was a bit of work getting up to it with luggage, but sure once it was up, it wasnt going down til it was time to leave! I didnt mind! Room was a good size for the two of us. Comfy beds, colour tv, large window, small ensuite and towels. Towels arent changed every day unless you request it and there is a £1 charge if you do. But we survived quite happy on one towel each! Soap is supplied but not shampoo, etc... no tea/coffee making facilities but paying £40 a night I wasnt climbing the walls at lack of services! I think some people are expecting the Hilton where ever they go, but for £40 a night, get real! As I said, the bathroom was very small, but lovely powerful shower with hot water. Extra blankets are provided, but we used them to boost the pillow height (home comfort!) Wardrobe and hangers, extra radiator though we didnt need it and loads of sockets for phone chargers, hair dryers, straighteners, etc...! Bring your own hair dryer! We spent £180 for 4 nights for twin room. Thats fantastic! Breakfast was included in that, but because it was in the other building, we didnt bother with it. No great financial loss was felt by doing that! I would definately go back!	
Jul 14 2007 	NOT SO BAD FOR A BUDGET TRAVELLER HOTEL	I stayed at Lords Hotel last March with my 9 years old son and a friend of mine with her son. I must say that after reading the reviews we were very worried about our staying there. Anyway, we wanted to try...Of course it depends on what you are looking for, but our experience wasn't so bad at all. It is true that the bathroom is incredibly small and the rooms are not huge and well furnished, and it is also true that breakfast is not the best, but the location is unbeatable. About 5 minutes walking distance from the tube and even less from the bus stop. Moreover our rooms were clean (unusual for budget hotels in London). Considering their rate, I would say this is a bargain. This was not my first visit to London and I've stayed in worse places (dirties, unsafe and not centrally located) paying more.I would stay at Lords Hotel again in the future and I would recommend it to people wishing to visit London on a budget.	
Jun 10 2007 	Lords is not a HOTEL but a very very bad HOSTEL	We have just returned from 4 days at Lords Hotel, Bayswater, London.It is the most terrible place I ever stayed. 5 (five) beds in a very small room, - but not one single chair. Ande the bathroom......also terrible.	
May 31 2007 	Just for the position	I stayed at Lords Hotel in Bayswater London for one week..unfortunately! I payed 500 euros for a really small single room: it was about 2,5 x 4 metres. The bed was fit in the wall and the window and it was really noisy, as the wood pavement, the moquette was quite dirty and the forniture was very old. The desk had a broken glass top and all drawers were removed. You couldn't see television as people in the next room were walking or moving in their bedroom. The wardrobe had no doors.The bathroom was not a bathroom..it was a portable toilet ! I mean that in a very small area, similar to a shower one, you got a WC, a dwarf sink and a shower. And when you washed yourself you would obviously get all the &quot;bathroom&quot; completely wet! and what to say about the poor quality breakfast? Only two old and gummy rolls, some marmalade or jam and a glass of orange juice. A croissant? £ 1.20 ! A glass of coffee or milk? £ 1.00..Thieves!And what about security? Fire doors were woody and covered with very inflammable paint...is it safe?Receptonists and waiters never help you, neither if you travel alone and you are bringin a 25 kilos baggage! Stairs are very steep and tight. Be careful not to fall down!Also pay attention to your room telephones, because you couldn't sleep during all the night if there are school classes there for a school trip. The'll make it ring all night long!Something good about Lord's Hotel? the position 200 metres to bayswater tube station , close to hyde park and 4 kilometres to marble Arch. 400 metres to Queensway station. Served by Central, Disrict ad Circle llnes.	
May 19 2007 	Good service good value	Stayed at the Lords for three nights with a friend for some fun and sightseeing. After reading the reviews here we were a bit worried, but decided to try the hotel anyway. We're glad that we did. Yes, the rooms aren't the prettiest and they do look worn down. Yes, the toilets may be the smallest on the planet.BUT: The price is below average in London, you have your own toilet, the sheets (and the room) are clean, you can lock your window (something that's not possible in many hotels in London that are supposed to be better than this one). On the negative side, the walls are like paper so voices from corridors and other rooms may disturb.The staff was great! Extremely friendly and helpful. I will stay here again and would recommend to budget travellers.I've paid more for worse hotels in London.	
Mar 25 2007 	very very ugly room	My first impression from the room wasn't that bad, but when I opened the door to the bath room.. The bath room was so ugly: every where was mould and it smelled very ugly. the bath room is also very very small and when you shower the whole room gets wet...We also got only one towel per person for the whole stay of 4 days. When I asked at the reception for a little towel more, they told us it costs £1 for each extra towel and they won't change the towels except for extra money...Afterwards we told them that the bath was very mouldy, but when they came to have a look at the bath, they only laughed and said that it wasn't mould, but it was for certain, you could even smell it.For the breakfast you only get 2 rolls, 2 pieces of butter and 2 of jam. You can also choose between orange juice, coffee and tea. The orange juice is very ugly and the tea is too strong. For other things like croissants, toast, milk, cheese, bacon or cappuccino you have to pay extra. You also have to pay extra £3.00 per piece of luggage to deposit it in the luggage room, in the lounge it is for free.For safe deposit boxes you have to pay £1.00/day.There is one more little detail: The hotel has 3 different houses which are about one street away from each other.I will never stay again in that hotel because it was too dirty for my taste.	
Nov 25 2006 	frozen in london	very basic single room last decorated in the seventies. A plug in radiator was provided but there was nowhere to plug it in !. So a very cold night indeed. No soap in the very small bathroom either. no tea/coffee or water in room but tea/coffee drinks machine downstairs or buy your own in sainsbury's nearby. But that;s what you get when you pay rock bottom prices...you don't pay for the ritz and you don't get the ritz ! It's near marvellous moroccan and iranian restaurants and ok pubs and busy queensway If you want to stay in london and don't want to stay in a hotel room for long then this sort of hotel is fine..take a jumper in winter though !	
Nov 6 2006 	Budget Travelers - best choice	I read so many good and bad reviews that i didnt know what to believe....but I decided to go anyway. I went with my boyfriend and stayed there for 5 days..We had a great time! If you dont have a lot of money but you dont want to stay in a hostel, you dont care about luxury and you just want a place to sleep, this hotel is the perfect choice!! It's near to great shops and the metro station. It has a very small bathroom though (hot water of course). You have only one towel per person and the cleaning lady just peaks up your trashes everyday. The breakfast is bread and marmelade and a cup of coffee or juice. Sometimes there is a lot of noise because the walls are not so thick and many children stay at the hotel (school excursions).. Try the Tour de London which also includes a cruise at Thames. Take from the inspector the ticket for the musseum of Madame Tussauds which is cheaper and you dont have to wait in the line. Also select one of the choices...with 3GBP you can have tea. Go at the Crypt (Trafagal Square) which is a typical english place for &quot;tea time&quot;.. try the apple cramble!Ino from Greece	
Oct 22 2006 	Very friendly	My family and I really enjoyed our stay at Lords Hotel. The location is great, near to Notting Hill, Hyde Park and you are in Oxford Street in about 15 minutes with the underground.The staff in the reception and breakfast room is really friendly and polite. The room was simple but clean and warm. The bathroom is small but convenient. The breakfast included two pieces of bread, marmelade, butter, tea or coffee, juice. You can have more if you pay a supplement.This breakfast was enough for us, we didn't need to buy extra food.The area of Bayswater is very nice, lot of shops and restaurants.London is a very expensive city, we wanted a simple and nice place to stay, to sleep, have our breakfast and Lords Hotel was a good place for us.	
Sep 18 2006	Lords Hotel	We have been to London before on the cheap-side, always finding clean and simple accomodations. But LORDS HOTEL at Bayswater tube sta, was filthy, it stunk like pee, it was diplapidated, furniture broken, grafitti filled and poorly run and felt like a true fire trap. Paid $$ in advance for so-called English Breakfast . . a boiled egg smaller than the egg-cup itself . . AVOID THIS PLACE! The bad news is, it was actually recommended by easyjet site! I'd say, AVOID USING EASYJET hotel bookings.	
Sep 9 2006	Very clean ensuit room	I stayed at Lords Hotel just for one night:Very cheap single room (ensuit) just £ 40, breakfast included (2 rolls, butter&amp;mermelade, orange juice and coffee) Don't expect too much for that little money! Breakfast from 7.30 to 9.30Small room (it smelled a lot to cigarretes) but very confortable bed and clean linen. Nice covers. I saw an extra blanket and there was an electrical heaterTV, telephone and hairdryer. No kettle in the room (No tea/coffee facilities)Tiny toilet/ shower BUT spotless, VERY CLEAN shower and hot water.Only one towel (bath towel only, no hand towel)It needs more ventilation, fresh air and the carpet must be replaced ASAPExcellent location in CENTRAL LONDOL (Bayswater) : tube, shops, restaurants, safety area...Friendly and helpful staffFor GBP 40, you can get a confortable and clean bed (ensuite) if you don't mind a tiny room, cigarretes's smell (I don't smoke) and very simple breakfast. I would stay again if I have to travel for 1 or 2 nights only	
Aug 19 2006 	Lousy	When I read the reviews they were contradictory. So I tough that some people were picky. Don't get confused: It is worse than any bad expectation. Filthy carpets, the washroom was a jock, you have to get out for drying yourself. No ventilation. Breakfast ? A hard bun and a cup of coffee. You are always surrounded by a feeling of cheapness and stinginess. Lets put in this way: We traveled through 10 countries in Europe and this hotel was by far the worse and the most expensive. In our way back we stayed in the near-by Notting Hill Comfort Inn. Same price far better	
Aug 9 2006 	Good starting point	Stayed for 5 days. The downs: 1. The bathroom was very small and stuffy. 2. There was one towel for each of us3. No glass in the bathroom for toothbrushing. 4. Cleaning amounted to emptying the waste paperbasket in the bathroom and nothing else5. Breakfast : 2 buns, butter and jam and 1 cup of coffeeAdvice: take ekstra towels (or pay £2 for a clean towel)as they don't change towels during your stay.The ups:1. Location is good as a starting point. 2. Walking distance to the underground and buses.3. The staff were helpfull and polite.All things taken into consideration, it was ok, and we would stay there again.	
Jun 11 2006	if you're able to eat the roll stones are no problems with you.	1.cold, hard roll and butter for breakfast2.the bath room isn't larger than the toilets in the railway stations3.the wall and the floor of the room are thin enough for you to know what exactly your neighbors are doing4.there are two things they do for you: a. to keep your key of the room when you are out b. to clean the trash can of the bathroom everyday	
Feb 23 2006	Fair stay	I was there with a schoolgroup. Lords Hotel has fine rooms for us. Clean and nice. The service in the reception was quick and kind.Only the breakfast is boring. Same thing every morning - just bread, butter and jam.	
Feb 1 2006	Great for me!...	Really lovely, warm, cosy single room - perfect for my overnight stay as I was travelling alone. Booked over the internet with ease, and efficient &amp; friendly service from staff at reception. Room and en-suite bathroom were both very clean and tidy, room also had TV, telephone &amp; hairdryer. New bed linen &amp; towels were provided. Will definitely book here again. Easy to get to - only a 5-minute walk from 24-hour bus service into London's West End/Oxford Street (buses are every 8-15 mins throughout the day). Highly recommended.	
Jan 30 2006	Well well....	After reading all the reviews on Lords, I was not surprised at all when we arrived. We were given a room in the annex - top floor, which meant that we spent long and tiring minutes taking our suitcases upstairs. The room was clean and big: we asked for a double room but there were actually five beds in it. The bathroom was very small and each morning we had to wait ten minutes for hot water. And worst of all: the room was very very cold, we were freezing for three days. Actually, this was what bothered me the most, otherwise the location was great and breakfast was not as bad as some people suggested. Nothing special, just two buns, jam and butter. So for 30 pounds a night for a double room, it is worth a try. But maybe you had better go in the summer.	
Jan 1 2006	Great location clean room and certainly worth the money	Since this was a budget hotel we didn't expect much of it. But we were surprised by the very clean room. The room was very English with regard to the wallpaper but cosy. The shower was very small but the water was hot!! Very good beds, good blankets and a good heating. Besides that, the hotel is located very well, about 7 minutes walking from the tube, while walking you'll pass shops and restaurants. Very nice staff at the reception. The only bad thing is the breakfast, I'd say go out for that. But for this less money I would stay here again for sure.	
Aug 12 2005	Not bad!	Stayed at Lords Hotel three nights and it was better than I expected. Nice and clean, very small bathroom though...We'd reservated a double-room but got a 5-bed room, so there was plenty of space. The breakfast is not recommended. (Eat your breakfast at Patisserie Francaise on 127 Queensway instead!!! Very nice place!)Service was OK.Lords Hotel is good for the budget traveller. Notice! It is a one-star hotel and nothing else!	
May 16 2005	Good choice for budget traveller		
May 10 2005	shocking loud and dirty		
Mar 31 2005	Clean with a good price tag		
Mar 16 2005	Great for a budget traveller!		
Jan 8 2005	Student Budget Hostel Type Accomodation		
Dec 1 2004	Last review		
Nov 20 2004	sleepover good		
Jul 15 2004	THIS HOTEL WAS JSUT OK		
Jun 7 2004	Ok for a budget traveller		
Dec 11 2003	Expect not too much		
Oct 4 2009	Hygiene miserabel Zimmer sehr eng Lage ideal		
Sep 20 2009	für Klassen- oder Gruppenreisen bestens geeignet		
Aug 22 2009 	sicuramente c'è di meglio....		
Aug 18 2009 	Assez bien		
Jul 15 2009	Une auberge et non un hotel		
Jul 6 2009 	Mamma mia che esperieza nell'inferno		
Jun 18 2009 	Okay aber sehr bescheiden!		
May 27 2009 	para dormir y ducharte apretado		
May 10 2009	Für Anspruchslose zur Übernachtung bedingt tauglich		
Apr 19 2009 	Week end Pâques entre amis		
Mar 9 2009 	Mucho mejor de lo que esperaba!		
Nov 23 2008 	Ad un prezzo così basso: che ti aspettavi???		
Nov 12 2008 	Propre facilement accessible et pas cher		
Sep 16 2008 	Bien placé et pas cher		
Mar 27 2008 	Lords Hotel: Non vale più di quel che costa!		
Jan 31 2008 	Lords hotel vu par deux étudiants ...		
Jun 18 2007 	Pésimooooooo la peor plaza de nunca! evítala!		
May 30 2007 	No podeis pedir mas por este precio		
Mar 5 2007 	sucio y asqueroso!!!!		
Feb 19 2007 	Excellent pour petit budget		
Jan 22 2007 	Un asco!!		
