Nov 24 2009	Relaxed Friendly and Good Value	Stayed at So Quartier for 3 nights in a 2 bedroomed apartment.Easy to find. Very warm welcome on arrival. Check-in was fast and efficient. Reception staff and night staff were very friendly, especially the General Manager on check-in who was very welcoming and friendly, and the female member of staff (think she was Polish) showed us to the apartment and she was also very friendly, helpful and pleasant.The apartment was large, lovely bathroom, clean and spacious. Excellent value for £170.00 a night with laterooms. All amenities were provided ie. Television, DVD player, fully equipped kitchen with microwave, en suite bathroom and lounge area.Furnishings were fine and modern mainly IKEA. Bins emptied daily and bathroom cleaned and serviced.Kilburn area was fine just 2mins walk from the Overground Kilburn High Road Station, and just 5mins walk to Kilburn Park Underground on the Bakerloo Line to Central London and the West End in 15mins.Tesco Express underneath the apartment block had an excellent selection of food, snacks, meals, drinks, wines and beers. All local shops on Kilburn High Street were within walking distance.Given the price and space of the apartment I would recommend staying here opposed to extortionate prices in Central London and the West End.Apartment 112 was very quiet towards the back of the block, just some noise from passing trains, but nothing to complain about.Thank you for a nice stay.	
Nov 16 2009 	Felt like home	ApartmentThe apartment was very nice, clean and spaceous. It was very warm and cozy although it was snowing heavily. The decoration was lovely and the kitchen was new, well equipped and very practical. The stuff was more than helpfull. Generally speaking, it felt like home and and all that for about 68 pounds per night /per room cause I got a special offer. Up to 90 euros pn/pr I stay there anytime without doing any more hotel searching.LocationIt is not very far from the center and the tube station is nearby but you have to use two lines for most of the popular destinations and if you want to go out for a drink late at night then you will need to take a taxi on your way back.	
Jul 27 2009 	Oh So Bad!	Travelling from Australia, we arrived in a London heatwave to find no aircon and traffic noise that was constant. The apartment was an oven and only after a day of sweltering did the manager offer us a fan. There were no bowls, one frying pan, no microwave dishes, no tea/coffee/sugar/milk and no towels in bathroom. Only after 4 requests did we get the towels. No information supplied on how to use TV and equipment, No emergency numbers or safety info, restaurant guide, maps etc. Shower drains can't cope causing a major flood in the bathroom creating a very dangerous floor. Furnishings ok. Garbage left in corridor and not pleasant in heat. Staff not terribly enthusiastic about helping us with information. We've stayed in other apartments around the world and this is the worst.	
Apr 16 2009 	Not too bad	This is an &quot;alright&quot; place to stay, a little bit run down but clean and the staff were &quot;mixed&quot; in their english and service. We didn't have any issues with the lady on reception mentioned elsewhere here (she's Polish BTW) she always smiled and was helpful. Rooms were quite large and reasonably tidy and clean, be careful which room you get though because the ones facing the High Rd are noisy, very noisy!	
Jan 17 2009	Total Dump	We got a one bedroom with SO Quartier. It was very difficult to find, as the entrance is an unmarked office on a side street. We thought it was okay at first then quickly realised that it was a total dump. The light in the hall was out, the carpet seemed unpadded, the apartment smelled dirty (and they can attempted to cover it up with bad air freshener), there were stains on the walls, sexually provocative photographs for decor, no phone line connected to the phone, locks that were not very secure, and worst of all the sheets were dirty. The one nice thing I can say about the room itself is that the bathroom was nice. Otherwise, the whole place was pretty seedy and seemed like it should charge by the hour. The staff were friendly but seemed to think us unreasonable for not liking the apartment. We left the night we checked in and moved to a place several times nicer for the same price.	
Oct 11 2009 	Lage Grösse und Service gut -- Betten schlecht 		
Aug 14 2009 	super		
Jul 7 2009 	No es un estableciemiento de 4 estrellas		
May 27 2009 	La primera noche overbooking. Nos llevaron a un 3* a 40min. Alucinante!		
