	No Wildlife Spotted but Stay Away!	Sure wish I had found these reviews before booking. We just got back yesterday after spending six nights at this motel. We felt like ditching it as soon as we got there but just managed to spend alot of time away from it. We had a 4th floor (no elevator) triple room with three beds squeezed in, one picture on the wall. One bare lightbulb fixture lit the whole room, no glasses, no shampoo, no chest of drawers, you can't dial out on the phone and there was no phone book (or even bible) shower stall only with water that barely had enough force to rinse hair. Breakfast consisted of cold cereal, toast/jam/butter, hard boiled eggs, cheese, beverages. Be sure not to wear your pajama bottoms down to the breakfast lounge. Lobby consisted of one small sofa about 20' from the reception desk and you must bring your own computer down there to access internet. At least location was okay in terms of catching bus/tube, restaurants nearby, walk to Kensington/Hyde Park and even Piccadilly Square. Surely you can find something better........ there were lots of motels on the same block and one over (hostel is right next door) around this same area whose lobbies looked much better. Wasn't even that inexpensive.	
Nov 10 2009 	Stolen in Palace Court Hotel	The familyroom was small, as well as the breakfastroom. Some people was not be able to have breakfast. At the last day we leave the suitcase at the reception for a few houres. BIG MISTAKE !! When we came back, suitcase was gone!! Stolen!! Good advice? Avoid this place!!	
Oct 18 2009 	Bedbugs!!	3 of us stayed in this hotel, we each came home with approx 200 bites from bedbugs. It has been awful, we still have bad scarring 2 months later. We have had to fumegate all our 3 households, as we found we had taken the bugs home. It has been both costly and time consuming. I dont think 1 bed bug could have managed this, i think there must have been a true infestation.We have had no response from the hotel at all, but the online booking agent refunded our stay but only after we had to take photograph of all our bites. On top of this the hotel had old carpets etc lying in the corridors and in front of the fire exits, I am wondering if those were from bed-bugs infested rooms. YUCK!! dont stay here!	
Oct 11 2009 	Avoid this place at all costs	Terrible, terible hotel - Booked through lastminute as just needed a bed for the night at a good rate and this was the cheapest (although still £55). Room (B4) was tiny, filthy and noisy - I got to listen to the water pipes all night. The 'shared facilities' means that you stay in the basement and the toilet is three floors above you. No lampshades, a broken mirror, no plug in the sink, stains on the carpet and a telly that couldn't pick up any stations! I don't know when they got their 2 stars but I'm guessing the hotel hasn't been cleaned since.Next time, I'll pay the extra £20 for a 'top secret' 4 Star.	
Sep 14 2009 	i love this hotel at any case...!!!	first the staff wrer very helpfull and very nice serving thier customer veri good breackfast what more i say i can't finshed very reasonble price good location we travel alot i will go evry time to this hotel whenever i come to london..thank you for your all guys...	
Sep 5 2009 	Never under any circumstances stay here	Where to begin - nothing like the pictures and information on their website, rude, ignorant, unhelpful and unfriendly staff, strangers to the concept of customer care. No indication beforehand we would be expected to use debit card to provide £20 room deposit (I think, wasn't explained, wouldn't give me the key without it) on top of already having paid for the room, wouldn't accept cash, no explanation. Dingy dirty room with curious 'mezzanine' arrangement on which the double bed was located, I'm 5ft 1 and still constantly banged my head it was so near the ceiling, steep stairs with unsecured rail on one side, difficult to negotiate for some (hotel notified beforehand we had a disabled member of the family). Single bed very hard and uncomfortable. Shower unusable it was so hot, impossible to control the temperature. Toilet didn't flush properly. Saw a mouse run across the room in the evening. Very basic inadequate fire escape and safety information in the room, certainly less than is legally necessary. Mattresses blocking the fire exits next to the 'dining' room in the basement. Generally shabby and unkempt, I could go on, just don't whatever you do stay here, it's an accident waiting to happen and nasty with it.	
Aug 4 2009 	Bring your marigolds	Stayed here for 1 night with 4 friends; we got a quad room which was tiny and had a sort of upstairs extension built on; I couldn't stand up straight up straight.Brief inspection showed room was dirty and dated; beds hadn't been changed and mine had crumbs in it. Not a good sign. Limescale all over shower screen and the shower itself was grotty with a dead spider in a web peeking on me as I had a shower. Breakfast was rubbish; would recommend a McDonald's which is a 5 minute walk away.For 1 night it was bearable as we only needed a kip for the night but please spent a bit extra and get a clean room.	
Jul 18 2009 	If you can't find anything cheaper ...	If you really want somewhere just to sleep and are not fussy, go for it! Had a triple room with not much room. Sheets clean but was glad I brought my own antibacterial wipes (after reading reviews!) to clean the bathroom before I would let my daughters use it. Not suitable for romantic getaway. Generally very basic - don't expect too much. Worst thing = lady in charge of breakfast. She spoke to guests like they were school children, proper school ma'am! Brekky is from 7.30-9.30. We arrived at 9.00 only to be told (sorry, ordered) to wait outside coz there were no tables free. She then said we could sit at separate tables. When I said we wanted to sit together, she said that was not a good idea because breakfast finishes at 9.30!! I told her &quot;breakfast finishes when we've had breakfast&quot; which produced a shrug of shoulders. There was also a family of four waiting who agreed with me. We went earlier (8.00) on the other mornings and watched, completely fascinated, how she told guests to hurry up with breakfast coz other guests were waiting!! Whose problem is that?! We were also told to hurry up and go . My reaction? Get another coffee and tell the kids to get more juice. Breakfast itself is plentiful - no complaints there. You get cereal, tea, coffee, orange juice, milk and water, toast and jam, boiled egg, and cheese.	
Jul 11 2009	There really is a mouse and it is still there!	Despite some of the horrible reviews, we decided to still stay and check the hotel out. There was 8 of us and we shared two rooms. At first it was &quot;cute&quot; in its own way. We felt like we were in a dolly house. There was no room for anything so we felt congested. However on the second to last day we saw a mouse run straight across the room! and went back under the bed. We told the receptionist to which we got a &quot;ok we call someone&quot;. The next morning one of our members awoke to find rat CRAP under her pillow. Breakfast was not bad however since we stayed there for a week we got turned off of boiled eggs.. (there is noo change! same breakfast every morning!).There was internet which is a plus. Very good area.	
May 11 2009 	A mouse ate my cookies	The room was tiny. There was only space for the bed.The shower head and toilet flush didn´t work properly. There was an unpleasant smell of mold and dust in the room. Our bedsheets were not changed for the three nights we stayed at the hotel. But the worse was that I woke up with the sound of a mouse eating my cookies after ripping the plastic bag.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good Deal	If you want to stay close to Bayswater cool area, this is perfect. Close, clean, nice staff and at good price. Rooms are a very small, but are you going to stay in your room?	
Mar 11 2009 	terrible!!!!!	even did not get to go to the hotel because the manager is terrible! rude and incompetent person! don't stay in this hotel!	
Mar 7 2009 	You get better than you pay for!	This is a very cheap hotel, what can you expect for the price?the room was lovely, and we had ensuite. The staff are friendly to you, if you take the time to be friendly to them too! it's a two-way street! You have to remember that they are foreign and a lot of people are ignorant towards them so they tend to stay quiet!the room was relatively clean, and the breakfast was better than expected! I've paid more for rooms where i've received a bread roll passed off as a 'continental breakfast'. Here, we got a choice of cereal, toast with jams, boiled eggs and cheese also juice and tea/coffee.i stayed with my two young children and my mother and they helped us in every way that they could. We had a place downstairs to store our buggy, as we were on the 4th floor but hey, we got plenty of exercise in the few days we were there!	
Jan 30 2009 	Cheap but not cheerful	Needed a cheap stay in London overnight, so I found a double ensuite room through Lastminute for £29. For that sort of money you can't complain - park benches cost more - but it wasn't something I would do again in a hurry. Reception guy was perfectly friendly and trustworthy (why do so many people think that hotels in London are cloning credit cards?) and the hotel was clean and warm - if a bit moth eaten. The room somehow managed to be both clean and grubby. No dirt or mysterious stains, but just a felt a bit 'used' - like sitting on a warm toilet seat.It was a pretty charmless affair - one 100w bulb hanging from the ceiling, cheap furniture, limited storage/hanging space - but the linen was very clean, the telly worked properly and there was tea/coffee facilities. The bathroom was also clean - but stank of drains and boiled cabbage. Didn't feel inclined to take a shower. Breakfast was basic but pretty good and plenty of it if you wanted. Budget travellers could probably 'carb-up' until lunchtime. For £29 it was a borderline bargain - but to pay (say)anything over £60 for a single room here - let's say you'd do well to shop around and find something better. Definitely not somewhere you'd stay longer than you absolutely had to - which for me was one night.	
Nov 25 2008 	Never stay here	Terrible. terrible. terrible.Our booking were at the Leisure Inn, but they said that theyhad problems with the electricity so we had to go to this &quot;hotel&quot;.They told us that Leisure inn was fully booked, thats was the reasonwe had to stay at Palace Court, The staff were terrible, the room wasdirty, there were something crawling at the floor, the lamps wereout of order, The staff answered us, &quot;what shall I do about it&quot;, whenwe asked for a new lamp. The toilett and shower were dirty, smelling like crap. It was really a terrible staying. Never, neverstay att Leisure Inn or Palace Court.	
Sep 15 2008	value for money friendly hotel	We are 2 girls from Germany, hotel is hard to find but that is not hotels fault, received big room for 2 of us. good reception. nice worm and clean rooms. recommended for short stay overs for in London.	
Sep 12 2008 	cost effective and friendly hotel	We are 4 groups of girls from Australia stayed for 5 nights in this hotel and we didn’t faced any problems mentioned in the other reviews. As we travel in peak time our room rate was very high but compared to other awful hotels in London this is far better. I need to comment that reception guys are very friendly not only to us to any friendly guest came to the hotel. (if you nice enough to them) but other staff (housekeeping and breakfast ) not friendly compared to them. As we booked online and pay instantly reception staff they never ask my credit card and only request £20 deposit for the room and for key and this normal procedure of all hotels. Hotel is hard to find and that is not hotel fault. And i am wondering about other reviews of card frauds, and if they found that why they didn’t informed to police?? Very funny!!! Finally I would like to say that this cost effective and friendly hotel for shot stay in London..	
Aug 31 2008 	Disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!	booked through lastminute, and the bloke on the desk kept asking for our credit card because the booking went through. Thank god i knew what he was upto and i showed him my printout, to which he stuttered. ABSOLUTELY SCANDALOUS. Now the room, DREADFUL. toilet stunk of sewage, the room was filthy, and you can hear a rat scratching against the wall at 5am. if this dont put you off then dont know what will except i did catch the reception in the morning on a pornsite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 10 2008 	descent hotel	I am from USA, came to London for Business meeting for five nights. When i am searching a place to stay found this hotel with bit high room price. Me also very concern concerned about some of the reviews such as card cloning. However after my stay in that descent hotel realised that some of the reviews are 100% false. Because the reservation or staff members they can’t access to our card details (if we booked through lastminte.com) I am more than happy with every aspect of the hotel. It is notable that staff is respectable and friendly. Rooms are relatively small but what else we expect heart of London. And me also I like to recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 14 2008 	Terrible fraudulent hotel	Visited London for a few days with a friend, and was stupid enough to book a room here without doing any prior investigation.Room was very small, and the bathroom was a separate room which had to be reached by crossing a public stairway. The pricing is awful given the overall state of the room, and I've stayed in royal hotels in big cities over the world for the same amount of money.Staff charged an additional 10 pound fine for checking out 15 minutes late.As an added bonus, when I got back home my credit card limit was reached, because of a large amount of fraudulent transactions. Given this place was the only place I used my card in London, and the location of all the fraudulent transactions was London, this ought to make one wonder.Only stay here if you like to be duped and maltreated.	
Jun 27 2008 	Smelly	Was given the basement room, which smelled mouldy. Box room 3x3m + shower room which smelled even mouldier. Tried to open window to improve conditions, but the window was very hard to open and also, due to staircase outside, it was not really reassuring to keep it open. Also everybody who walked past on the pavement could see the entire room, so we had to keep the curtains closed at all times. One double bed that was propped against the wall to fit. Very hard mattress, and room not really suitable for a parent and child (which we stated when we booked). Several spiders in the shower room, and even one dead on the ceiling of the bedroom. Breakfast was very basic and the little staff we saw were not really friendly; obviously we stopped them doing their job if we asked them something. The reception staff kept changing; I never saw the same man behind the desk twice. This hotel is obviously just there to make money; not to make guests feel wellcome.	
Mar 13 2008 	Cheap clean friendly!	My friend and I (both 21) came down to london for two nights, and were a bit concerned about some of the reviews. However after our stay we were more than happy with every aspect of the hotel. Everything was clean and in working order (the shower took 5 minutes to warm up, but there are worse crimes in the world) and the reception staff were friendly and helpful.This hotel is ideal for people who are on a tight budget or are looking for a quick stop-over (ie travellers from Aussie or the US).The hotel is a little difficult to find as the block, not the road, is called Princes Square, though it is no more than two minutes walk from bayswater station and plenty of shops. There is a night bus that stops by bayswater station too.All-in-all very pleased. If I was to book again, I would probably book a travellodge (or similar) well in advance as looking back it would have been cheaper, however I would still recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 7 2008 	Never stay here	Since I had the misfortune to visit this filthy place one thing has been very noticeable. My credit card statement has been growing. The staff have cloned my card and been spend £300+ at pizza hut (which is a scam) £240 at a tyre and exhaust place and various other things. Luckily my bank has stopped my card and reimbursed me. The staff are theives and crimainals that I will be reporting to the police.PLEASE FIND A PARK BENCH YOU WILL BE SAFER AND MORE COMFORTABLE.YOU HAVE GOT TO BE MAD TO STAY HERESean Derby	
Jan 10 2008 	Worth to stay	I have stayed in this hotel more than a month. It is right rooms are not big, but I am sure that, around that area no one can stay in a better hotel for that price. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Thanks to all for that experience.	
Dec 7 2007	Budget Hotel - Clean and not too bad	I was very hesitant about staying here after reading these reviews and almost cancelled. I booked via Last minute.com for a short stay of 2 days In November 2007 before reading any reviews. It would have cost one night's stay &amp; £20 to cancel so I decided to see what it was like.Positive aspects:Friendly &amp; helpful staff on reception (manned late at night)Clean &amp; recently carpetedAbout 10 mins walk from Bayswater Tube StationTea/Coffee making in the roomSmall heater which warmed up the room wellClean towels/toiletriesRoom was very clean and tidyGood wardrobe &amp; cupboard spaceRoom was serviced each dayNegative aspects:Poor paintworkWindow catch was broken on one side so did not shut properlyNo plug in the sinkNo pressure from the water in the shower (I had to stand close to the wall as the water ran down)No lift (if you have lots of luggage)Noise travels easily (very noisy neighbours on my floor (4th)which woke me up lots of times)Limited choice of breakfastYou will be asked for a £20 deposit for your room key (refunded when you leave) otherwise you will not be checked in. This seemed rather extortionate!Very small (I had a single room) box-like room on the 4th floor.Overall, I was relieved it was a clean &amp; tidy room and well situated in a quiet location (once I managed to find the hotel) and ok for a short stay. Do not expect luxury (it is only 2 star after all). I do not think I would stay there again for £70 a night though.	
Nov 21 2007 	Terrible place	We used booking.com which we won’t use again.Location: Very good easy to get aroundBuilding: Unlooked after. You need to be experienced on Mountaineering to get to your room. Room: Very small, haven’t been hovered for a long time. If you drop anything underneath the bed, you will be amazed what you will find there. Keep plastic bags with you all the time, you might throw up anytime. No lampshade but there was any need for, because it blew up in the middle of the evening. Probably wiring is too old. Bed size was fine mattress was terrible. Sockets are located in unreachable corners. There is a TV in the room with no visible channels. There is phone in the room, do not bother using it. We phoned reception no one has answered. We phoned them using our mobile. They answered outside line. We ask for a hair dryer, they said they have it but we had to go 4 floors downstairs to get it. Ok, I don’t mind, I went downstairs; I found two of tem sitting at reception chatting on the net.Bathroom: You need to pump 10 times to flash the toilet. When you open and close the shower door, which is broken, it feels like underground going through the bedroom. When you turn on the shower you might be able to wet yourself but definitely not a shower. There is no strainer in the sink. If u drop you earring, it’s gone. Light did not work above the mirror; I didn’t understand why it was there.Breakfast: Personally I have no complains for breakfast. It was fair enough.Check-out: It was the only pleasure of my stay Only good thing about my stay, my girlfriend was with me.Owners of this place has no knwlodge in this sector.	
Sep 22 2007 	An absolute Hell Hole!	Do not stay at this hotel!! I read some reviews on the internet and because of my circumstances convinced myself it would be ok.How wrong I was! The room was filthy, dried blood stains on the douvan, no shower door on the shower, no lampshade (apparently this is hotel policy for all rooms!!!!), the walls were filthy, and the filth on a carpet meant I didn't dare put my bare feet down on and it. It felt like a prison cell. There is no sound proofing so you heared every single door slam in the whole hotel all night. After being intimaded by four drunken men in the room next to me at 4am in the morning when they tried hammering my door in and throwing things at my walls, the reception refused to do anything about it and would not call the police, I left after the first night. I had booked for 5 nights. They have so far refused to pay me my money back for the four nights I did not stay!! I am still battling with them over it.Even if you are on a budject as I was - do not take the risk of ignoring the reviews on this site and staying at this hotel.	
Aug 31 2007 	Bad Bad Bad!	It all seemed ok...but it started with a friend, who's reservation didn't come trhough although he had telephoned and faxed it like they asked.The website is out of date, availability isn't correct, their excuse was that they had just bought the hotel but didn't have the website's password??!!Then we we were put in a room with 3 beds while we reserved 4...then I had to actually show the man that they're were really only 3 beds...The manager came (2 hours later!) Put an extra bed in the room, we were sort of able to walk in the room. TV &amp; Telephone were broken. The second night we found bugs on our pillow...The window couldn't be shut completely. The fire alarm didn't work so why bother going outside for a smoke. Sharing the bathroom went well and we had some nice quiet Italians next to us. The service was terrible it seemed you had to ask and tell everything 4 times before someone would BELIEVE you?! Friends of ours had a rat in the room. We didn't try the breakfast, there was a great Greek on the corner who we did trust preparing our food...The only thing true about the hotel on their website...it's nearby everything.Next time we will spent more money!	
Aug 28 2007 	Filthy room/no clean towels or sheets for a week dont book here!	Before leaving this review, I contacted management, and they did not respond. This was my third and final stay at this hotel. The last visit ended me in a basement room, with trash piled up outside the window preventing me from opening the window due to the stench and possible rodents. The location is perfect for me, but there are dozens of hotels in this area that I'm sure do not share these same practices. On my current and final stay at this hotel, house keeping arrived one morning, and attempted to enter the room. I loudly/clearly announced that they would need to return later. She attempted to enter the room anyway, turning the key and pushing on the door. I was not decent, and quickly double locked the door, and again announced she would need to return, and that I was not dressed. She continued to turn the key and push on the door. She advised me my room was her last room. I asked her to leave clean towels outside the door at least. She informed me &quot;management said no more clean towels, and this was not her problem&quot;. I was shocked by this statement, and she in fact did not leave clean towels outside the door. For the five days that I stayed at this hotel, the sheets were not changed once, the bed was not made properly (mattress exposed), and the floor was not vacuumed. My luggage was lost, and management refused to check my tracking number with their laptop, that was given to me by the airlines. Two days without clean cloths, or a clean room, so far not a great vacation. The rooms are the size of small closets, and are extremely outdated. I could live with this, but rude service and a filthy room is not acceptable. I was hoping to not have to leave this review, but when I sent this very same message to hotel management, and recvd. no response, I felt others should be forwarned. Nice location, but be prepared for trash outside your window and more of a &quot;camping&quot; experience then a clean hotel room stay.	
Aug 10 2007 	Bedbugs!!!!!	After a sleepless night on the plane - nothing could possibly wake me up. Was I ever wrong! I woke up with bedbites at 1:00 a.m........bedbugs!!!!!! Horrible! The rest of my European vacation was a dream - but this place was a nightmare! Still wondering (and hoping!) there are no repercussions from bedbugs!!!! At 1:30 I was moved to another room with 6 beds ( I only needed one!) - and no bathroom. When I went to a communal bath down the hall - no toilet paper! I thought I was in the Third World - not London England! Do yourself a favor - do not stay here!!	
Jul 6 2007 	Terrible Experience	This hotel was recommended by a friend of a friend, completely for its affordability, but it was a terrible experience. No lightbulbs. No towels. Smelled bad. Poor service. Very dirty.Great location, but don't stay here.	
Feb 12 2007 	Worst hotel ever!	This has to be the worst hotel I ever stayed at! When we arrived at the hotel I started to think I made a big mistake booking here, we needed a hotel on that street as friends were staying in a hotel on the same street &amp; there hotel was fully book but this was not. I know why now! We booked a double room &amp; were giving a twin room with 3 beds in it &amp; no T.V. We complained &amp; were giving a double room but this was not a double room! It's was a single room with a double bed which was crammed in with no room to move! I then saw a pest control box on the floor which isn't a good sign, after staying in this hell hole my girlfriend had bites all over her body which must be fleas. All this for £60 a night, what a nightmare!! I wouldn't let my dog sleep in this hotel, dirty carpets dirty showers &amp; no customer service. This hotel should not be open to the public, I've stayed in lots of hotels over the world but this is the worst!!	
Nov 24 2006 	A mouse in the room and it isn't all...	Good location... and that's all. We booked via internet and fixed the price breakfast-included, but once arrived the receptionist asked us for £2 extra per person per day for the eggs in the breakfast which we didn't want (we are italians and do not eat salty food in the morning) but we could not refuse to pay for it! The room we booked had to be a double but they gave us a small room made even smaller by a pile of some 6 or 7 mattresses: our room was used as a deposit!. The shared bathroom was among the dirtiest I have ever seen, camping toilets included. Finally, waking up on our last day in London (fortunately) we saw a mouse near the door... he saw us too, my girl cried aloud, he moved its nose like if he was sniffing the air and then escaped passing below the door (there were a few cm of space). That is the Palace court: even the mouse felt uncomfy there. I frankly ask myself how it can still be open, I wish I had time to inform the appropriate authority but had a flight in matter of hours and had to go.	
Aug 29 2006 	great location...	This hotel was ok, but I wish I had spent a bit more to get a nicer place.It was reasonably clean and the service was friendly enough, but it wasn't great. The ensuite hotel rooms were small even by London standards.The best thing about this hotel is its location. Convenient access to the tubes, a 6-pound taxi ride to Padding Station and the Heathrow Express, and lots of accessible (in terms of being a tourist) shops and eateries.	
Feb 13 2006 	Good clean budget 2 star hotel	Booked a double room for £40 at the Palace Court Hotel. The hotel was clean, no frills in an ideal location. Ideal for a short stay in London with a limited budget.	
Jun 17 2004	Keep looking	My friend and I were sent here in May '04 when the Mabledon Court hotel lost our reservation. I think they are owned by the same people. I've stayed in six hotels in London and this place is substandard. The room was a good size, but it smelled so bad. Like a wet dog. The bedding was stained and ripped and the stuffing in the pillows was coming out. The shower had no water pressure-just a drizzle. The breakfast was ok-cereal and hard boiled eggs. A couple of the men at the front desk were really nice. The others were not. I don't recommend this hotel because for 84 US dollars you can find someplace nicer.	
Jun 11 2004	welcome to the muppets hotel	well to say it was a ordeal was un understament, firstly i booked a double-room, the room we were given a was a room with 2 singles, room was at the back of the hotel and most nights we were kept up till around 2am with all the drunks hanging around on the baconies of the homeless hostel next door. when ordering breakfast you were order one thing and they would bring you something else alltogether,and this happened nearly every single day, no point asking the staff all you get is don`t know. I felf like i was surrounded by complete and utter muppets. will never stay there again.	
Jan 15 2004	Car towed-beware	We parked in front of our hotel and overslept (past the 8:30 no parking time posted on the pole outside). Our car was towed at 8:38 a.m. despite the fact that their rule is they clamp your wheels for four hours and give you that time to pay and have the clamp removed. They would have had to clamp the car 4 hours before it was in violation. We were due at the airport and I became physically ill. It nearly ruined our trip. In haste we also lost a valuable roll of film, probably in the taxi to retrieve our car. If anyone in the U.K. can help me with information on who to contact at the Cab Company or if we lost the film at the Palace Court Hotel we would forget the trauma of the tow altogether. Please send me help if you can.	
Dec 10 2003	not bad for the price	Got a late deal (£30 for a single room). Room was very small, but clean (although there were a couple of cobwebs in the corner). Had good view over the adjacent square, and no traffic noise. Walls quite thin, could hear conversation next door at times. Shower wasn't particularly hot, but bathroom was spotless - obviously newly decorated. Didn't have time for breakfast, but it smelled good.	
Nov 21 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio		
Nov 20 2009 	Colazione che "irrita"		
Oct 19 2009 	esta bien relacion calidad-precio.lo mejor la ubicacion.		
Sep 5 2009 	Simple mais trés correct		
Aug 6 2009 	Troppo costoso!!		
Jul 14 2009 	à éviter!		
May 13 2009 	Al hotel le sobre el Palace en el nombre		
May 9 2009	Pas génial		
Nov 3 2008	Stanza lillipuziana....(small small room 3mX3m)		
Oct 1 2008 	qualité-prix correct		
Sep 29 2008 	Horrible hôtel		
Jul 17 2008 	à ne pas recommander		
May 17 2007 	Mini-Zimmer kein Service		
May 4 2007 	Stinkender Abfluß mieses Frühstück		
Oct 27 2006	había pulgas		
Sep 8 2006 	Cheap OK / Pas cher ça va		
