Oct 31 2009 	Dirty and undriendly	I stayed here for a few nights and regretted it. The room was dirty; the tv did not work and even more importantly the staff were the unfriendliest I have ever met. The female ;olich girl who works in the breakfast room could not crack a smile and did not know the meaning of customer service. Don't stay here - there are plenty of other hotels in Earls Court	
Oct 28 2009 	Convenient location @ affordable prices	We have stayed at this hotel on numerous occasions over the last 14 years - yes it’s a budget hotel - but this is central London - what else do you expect for £85 per night for a double room including breakfast &amp; only £8 a day for parking? The Hotel is getting a little bit shabby admittedly but the bedding &amp; towels are clean, I’ve never had a problem with a room and the breakfast is always enjoyable. I have no problem recommending this hotel to a friend (just not a posh one) &amp; as a little extra advice ask for room 19 or 21 just for that little bit of extra space ...	
Jul 16 2009 	Quaint and cosy	The location of the Beaver Hotel cannot be beat. About 100m down the road is the Earl’s Court strip.. full of about 30 (INCREDIBLE) restaurants, definitely visit Masala Zone if you stay here, it is the best Indian on Earth I guarantee you! The tube station is also located about halfway down this strip, so anytime we needed to go anywhere, it was just a 100m walk and a tube ride away. Travel cost us about £20 the whole 8 days we were there (including getting to Heathrow and back!)The room itself was very basic.. very London, quaint and comfy though. Decent bed and bathroom, can’t really complain for the price. Breakfast was funny, you could have a bit of bacon, a shriveled little sausage, eggs however you like them, and toast. They make it to order as you arrive in the dining room each morning. It was nice to have that kind of service instead of a germy buffet, and I have no complaints about hot food on a cold English morning! You could also take as many croissants and flavoured yoghurts as you like.Staff were friendly enough and helpful when we asked for directions. Another advantage is the massive Tesco directly across the road from the street the hotel is on. Plenty of variety and cheap snacks can be had from there.. just a shame we didn’t have a kitchen to cook in, that would have been great.When it comes to my stay at the Beaver, I have only one regret: that I could only stay for one week. London is an incredible city and if I could afford to go back, I would jump on a plane this second :)	
Jul 15 2009 	Excellent value for budget travel	The good: Earl's Court shops within 5 minutes walking, supermarket 5 minutes walking, quiet location. The bad: rooms are quite simple, so don't expect anything fancy. The breakfast was basic (they said full English, what we got was two pieces of toast, one piece of bacon, one sausage ;-) )	
Jul 13 2009 	Well located and very friendly	We stayed at the Beaver on a Saturday night in July. We drove into London and the hotel could not be easier to get to; it's just off the A4. They have a car park at the rear. All the staff were really friendly and helpful; the manager even came around the dining room during breakfast and said hello to everyone. The hotel is a short walk from Earls Court tube station which took us straight into Leicester Square. Room are a little old fashioned but everything was clean. We will definately stay here again on our next trip to London.	
Apr 10 2009 	Works well for London	As far as London hotels go, you need to fork over a lot of money for something nice. So for the 50 GBP we payed per night here it was alright. The walls were thin though. I only found that problematic in the morning when everyone is getting up and slamming their doors. We had to use the bathroom down the hall, but that wasn't as annoying as experience as I thought it would be. I have to say that the staff were all very nice. The wireless internet wouldn't work for us (our fault, not theirs) so without our even asking they ran a cable into the lounge and cleared a desk so we could just plug into the internet. Very thoughtful of them! It was definitely small, but manageable. Overall a good experience.	
Mar 15 2009 	As far as London hotels go no complainants!	The Beaver was clean, friendly, comfortable, and decently priced for London accommodation. We stayed in a 3 bedroom with bath and enjoyed our 4 day stay very much. The location is great, just a block away from the Earls Court tube stop. The breakfast was fantastic, very filling. After long days of sightseeing, it was a great place to come crash. A wonderful hotel for families, backpackers, and everyone in-between to take in London.	
Aug 28 2008 	We went anyway!!!	It was going to be a night out in London with my wife and bring the car instead of the a train ride. Did not look at any hotel forum prior to booking the Beaver Hotel. After reading the negative comments I was filled with trepidation. I had paid in advance so was committed.I judge a hotel by it's cleanliness and its plumbing. All I want is a clean bed and a hot shower, I got both.I'd read the reports on the breakfast so my expectations were fulfilled, It's all true what the say.We had stripped our bed at home and virtually brought it with us in the boot of the car along with my tool kit. Thankfully it all stayed in the car. £8 for the car parking is so small an amount as to be worthless, I think they could have given me that!!The building standards years ago were different to today. The plasterboard stud-walls offer no sound barrier therefore the hotel is noisy.	
May 30 2008 	Not Recommended!	Booked this hotel back in Feb 2008 for a one night stay in May 2008. Got to the hotel and the receptionist had no record of our booking!! But told us that he had managed to find us a double room! we got to the room on the third floor and found it a bit of a mucky hole with stains on the carpet and a fusty smell to the room! They don't go over the top with breakfasts either!! Glad it was for only one night !!	
Apr 24 2008 	hotel from hell	After looking on their website, all looked ok, and we assumed at the price we paid it would meet some minimum standards - BUT oh dear!!! The initial room we were given on the first floor was small, stank and had dirty, tatty bedspreads, on further inspection of the mattresses we found them to be heavily stained with urine. We immediately complained to the man in reception, who apologized profusely and offered us a better room on the ground floor - room number 27. This room was slightly bigger (and I mean slight), but once again, old,shabby furnishings and decor, smelled of smoke, looked unlaundered and lo and behold on inspection of the mattresses we found them to be equally as bad as our first room.Money had already been taken from my account for the first night and we were eager to get on with our short visit to London and get out of the hotel, so it seemed pointless complaining again as this seemed to be one of their 'better' rooms in an old, shabby hotel - so we decided to grin and bear it, with the help of a large amount of alcohol we managed to sleep on top of the beds with the bedspreads removed and to show what a classy joint it was, the bathroom didn't even have a toilet roll holder, the roll was on the floor (no expense spared obviously).For some reason our beds were not made the next day? Laughing about it now, but I would not wish my worse enemy a stay in a hotel like this. Looking forward to the full English breakfast, my mouth dropped open at being presented with one small skinny sausage and one thin slice of bacon - which England did this breakfast come from???	
Mar 5 2008 	what a dirty hole	well i went down london with my brother on a spare of the moment thing and we got off the bus at victoria station and it was evening so we didnt want to look round for a hotel all night so we went to hotels stop at station and they suggested the beaver hotel at 60 english pound for a twin room so i thought it must be ok 60 quid got given a peice of paper as our booking form and payed 60 quid there and then whenm we got to earls court it took a while to find it and when we did well what a sight but we payed so we went in got one key card between 2 of us i asked if we could have another one and he said i dont know where it is i think the last people in the room took it so straight away i asked so someone could get in to the room with the lost key he said no it will be ok i will find it so we payed the other 60 pound for the other night and went to the room up the stairs went in the room and it was a thin walk way with a sink and 2 dirty looking beds with stains all over the floor white and brown dont ask me what they was i would not like to know but i was not gonna let it ruin my weekend i slept on top of the covers in some jeans and t-shirt got up next day for brekkie went down sat sown said full english and got a tiny peice of bacon a mini sausage and scrambled egg and toast well i went to mc donalds it was crap i plea to people DO NOT STAY THERE ITS A DIRTY HOLE	
Feb 26 2008	Great Value Hotel/B 	The Beaver Hotel in Earls Court is really good value for London at £85 per room including a small but adequate English breakfast.It is very clean and the staff are really friendly. We would have liked to see a Tea/Coffee tray in the room but there is a 24 hour Tesco a very short walk from the hotel.We walked there to get a drink after a concert at Earls Court which is an equally short walk from the Beaver in the opposite direction. If you want a basic clean comfortable hotel/B &amp; B at a reasonable price then you can't really go wrong at the Beaver Hotel.	
Feb 10 2008 	There's something better than stay here	After looking really last minute for a nice B&amp;B a friend recommended us the Beaver with the words &quot;I liked it&quot;. So ist was a spontanous decision, particulary all other hotels were already full booked. First I have to say: the website looks better than in reality.If you have no requirements than the Beaver is enough for you. Having a adress for getting a little sleep, a warm shower and a unpretentious breakfast - than it will be enogh. Otherwise: no way.The rooms and the bathroom are small but tidy if you oversight the dirty cutains, the nasty carpet and coverlets and the need of renovation (especially in the bathroom).Our triple room was in the ground floor opposite the reception. Not hearing anything form there or the stairway but extremly from the obove room. We could sing every song of MTV music clips listening to the TV from above. But after a complaint at the reception it was tolerable, though with earplugs. But getting restorable sleep in those beds feeling every spring of the mattress was impossible.The breakfast includes tea or coffee, cornflakes/muesli with milk or yoghurt (great choice of different flavours in packages), toast with light salted butter and two sorts of marmelade. If you want you can get two eggs in any form (boiled, scrambled or fried) or sausages and ham. They even have a choice of fruits: apples and tangerines! - If you are not an athlet or a greedy pig it will be enough and it is good enough for a breakfast.The personal was very friendly and really helpful and the calm location next to the Underground &quot;Earls Court&quot; for being in the city center in about 10 minutes is the only advantage. Unfortunatley these facts do not balance the uncomfortable beds and comfortless, loveless atmosphere.	
Sep 6 2007 	Clean but pricey	The staff are very friendly at the Beaver hotel but the cost of staying here was too much.We stayed in a double en-suite room which was nice. The room was quite spacey and so was the bathroom.We had no problems at all with the room - though the hairdryer didn't work in the bathroom.All in all - I would recommend this hotel if you were only staying for one night as it is expensive.	
May 13 2007 	Pretty Decent	I found this place pretty decent. Through lastminute.com it was 30 pounds a night for a non-ensuite single, which i think is about as cheap as you can get this in London for. I found my bed comfortable and the room clean. The window opened fine and you could get a lot of air. My room had no tv but I would respond to others' comments that if your hotel room tv in England is not cable, it will generally only get about 3 channels. The sausage at each day's breakfast tasted slightly funny to me. Yogurts and fruit are self-service at breakfast so you could just about have 2 if you wanted- I enjoyed having 2 yogurts one day. There is a gigantic supermarket about 6 or 7 minutes walk away- Tescos. It is a LONG walk from the tube, especially if you want to come out of tube on the Earls Court Road exit, and you will notice the walk if you're lugging heavy luggage or running late (or both). If you suffer from hay fever (I don't) you will pass a ton of trees on way to hotel (I did swallow a lot of pollen running to make plane my last day and was coughing like mad for about 15 minutes). There are a lot of hotels you'll pass on the way from the tube that are closer, one of which (Great Northern something I think) had the same price rooms (temporarily) posted out front as Beaver cost me. There was 1 receptionist, a pregnant woman, who seemed to get very slightly hysterical no matter what I asked her and another receptionist, a young man, who was always on the phone, especially at night, so I didnt feel comfortable interrupting to ask non-urgent questions, and one very nice and professional middle-aged woman receptionist. I was on the 2nd floor (American use 3rd), the lift always worked with practically no wait. Room phone was very good, you could phone London numbers with no surcharges at all, costing the same or less as a payphone would, phone books were in my bottom desk drawer. There was never any wait for the loo down the hall. I should mention there was some kind of rumbling noise most mornings at roughly the same hours breakfast was served, 7am to 9am, which made it a bit hard to sleep for me. In terms of people talking and doors banging I found this a very quiet hotel, which I valued highly. If you have a choice of rooms, see if there is a banging fire door nearby- I had a choice between 2 rooms (I asked) and was able to avoid the banging fire door near rooms 14 and 15 on 2nd floor, by taking room 15.	
Feb 14 2007 	Smokey	We booked the hotel through last minute.com. We didn't pay much but we got the rank smoking room on the top floor-which stank even though we left the windows open all weekend. The bedding also smelt of smoke and so did we by default. The beds were really uncomfy. Didn't bother with breakfast, based on our room we doubted it would be up to much. As we were checking out we walked past a room with an open door-it looked lovely, normal room unlike our hideous one! Likely to have been because we booked through last min so check you are not getting the smoking rooms if you are going. even if you are a smoker-they're AWFUL.	
Nov 26 2006 	Ruined our weekend	Awful! On arrival the hotel looked grubby compared to others we had passed. The reception was dowdy and gloomy with an ugly reception counter with sliding glass. We were given a room on the 3rd floor which smelt damp and mouldy. The carpet was wet by the bathroom. No tea/coffee making facilities. The bed linen, especially the pillows were grubby. The radiator and walls were dirty and splattered. The shower was set too low (I'm not tall) and barely trickled. The lounge/dining room area when we returned from the show was full of employees smoking. We took drinks to our room. We were woken at 5.00 am by employees laughing, joking and banging around. The breakfast was NOT an English breakfast. Small (the size of my little finger) sausage, ham/bacon? two eggs and quarter of tomato. When we checked out we were 'disturbing' the receptionist speaking french, and no questionnaire was offered. We have stayed in some very poor countries and never experienced anything like it! It really ruined our weekend visit to see a show.	
Oct 16 2006 	Typical for London	This is what I would consider a typical B&amp;B/hotel for London. Smaller rooms and smaller beds compared to US hotels, but adequate. Breakfast was a couple of eggs, a piece of bacon, a piece of sausage, toast, coffee or tea, and was enough to get you started in the morning. Staff was very friendly. Only a few TV stations. 5-10 minute walk to Earls Court subway station.Just a word of caution though...the elevator. It has a posted weight limit of 630kgs (about 1300 pounds), but I don't think that is very accurate since the 5 of us don't weigh anywhere near that much and we &quot;broke&quot; it one morning heading back from breakfast. We were all stuck in the elevator for about 10 minutes while the staff turned off part of the power to the elevator (but thankfully not the lights inside) and tried to find the key to open the door. We were still at the basement level when this occurred, so it was nothing major, but I don't think I would have liked it at any other floor.	
Aug 7 2006 	its a hostel	I booked this hotel because it was an average price for london and near where my relatives were staying for the trip. Had I known what terrible room conditions and unfriendly staff this hotel had, I would never have stayed here. Room was very small, bedding was old and pillows looked very dirty. rust around bathtub. It was hot in london and when I asked for a fan to help with the unventilated room I was told that all fans had gone out to other quests. I asked for a fan every day--for 3 dyas and I was always told &quot;no.&quot; television is tiny tiny with only 3 stations.Not worth your money.	
May 22 2006	If you like cigarette burns...	...you'll love this hotel. Everything in our room had at least 2 cigarette burns, including our blankets and sheets. The room was dirty and I did not want to unpack a single item from my luggage. In fact, I felt like i had to remove my comforter with gloves because I didn't know what was on it. I am not one to worry about the decorating in a hotel; however, the pepto bismol pink wall color made me slightly nauseous. The bathroom shower was growing things. The hotel staff (including the owner) were EXTREMELY unhelpful. They couldn't even tell us the best underground station to use when going to the London Eye. Overall, we felt extremely uncomfortable in this hotel.	
Apr 7 2006	Good value hotel in great location	We stayed at the Beaver Hotel for several days in early April. The room was clean and adequate and I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to friends.Pros: 1) Excellent location near Earl's Court Tube.2) The price was good for London at only 55 pounds per night including breakfast.3) The staff were very helpful and friendly (for the most part - see &quot;Cons&quot; below).4) We had no problems with our reservations or payment.Cons: 1) The full English breakfast was the worst I've ever had in London, but again, adequate.2) We accidentally rang the doorbell after 11pm one night as we were coming in and the man who had checked us in earlier that day - and who had been very personable - turned into a bit of a Psycho and was visibly very upset with us making the noise - even after we explained that it was an accident. (We avoided him from then on.)3) No tea-making facilities in the rooms (but it is available until midnight in the basement).Overall, a good, relatively cheap place to stay in a city where you can sometimes pay a lot for downright scary, dirty rooms.	
Jan 31 2006 	The Beaver did not disappoint!	I wanted a cheap and clean hotel near to Earls Court tube and the famous Troubadour cafe and music club on the Old Brompton Road. The Beaver did not disappoint,My room was basic but quite comfortable. The staff were helpful and the breakfast room welcoming, with newspapers available. The food was fine.I would definitely recommend this hotel though it needs some internal re-decoration and should do itself justice by adopting a more attractive name.	
Dec 23 2005	Great Hotel Good Value	There were 3 of us girls in a triple room on the ground floor and our room was ready when we arrived at noon. The room was very spacious with 3 single beds. There was some storage for your clothes but if you're staying for more than a couple of days, you may as well leave your clothes in your suitcase as there isn't a great deal of storage space.We were given two keys (cards) which operated the front door as well as the door to our room, so no problem with coming back late.The beds were a little hard and we had to ask for extra pillows but this wasn't a problem at all. The top bed-spreads were a little stained but the sheets and pillowcases were immaculately clean.The room had a TV and the channels all worked fine.The bathroom was a decent size and was very clean. There was a bath/shower and the shower was very powerful - just what you need after walking around London all day! There is also a hairdryer in the bathroom but it wasn't very powerful so best to take your own. There are complimantary toiletries and ample supply of towels.Room was cleaned and beds made every day.Breakfast consisted of cereal, cooked breakfast (not very big but consisted of egg - scrambled, fried or poached - sausage, bacon and tomato), as much toast as you want with butter, jam and marmalade, tea or coffee, yoghurt and fruit. It might not look like a lot but when you add it all together it's very filling and sets you up for the day nicely. Breakfast is served in the dining room in the basement where there is also tea and coffee available up until midnight.There is no bar but there is a vending machine which has cans of beer, lager, small bottles of spirits and another which has canned soft drinks.All of the staff were very helpful and friendly, especially the lady on reception.The location of the hotel is ideal. Only a 5 minute walk from Earls Court tube station. It is on a lovely tree-lined street and we felt very safe walking back there late at night. The hotel also has a large car park at the rear (which we didn't need to use as we didn't travel by car). The fee for parking in the hotel car park is paid upfront and you put a sticker on your windscreen. It's ideal to have this car park in this part of London where parking is at a premium.Overall, we were very pleased with our choice of hotel and would highly recommend it to others. It only cost us £180 for the three of us for 2 nights during Christmas week. Very good value for money.We are already planning on returning there next year, maybe for a West End show.	
Jul 28 2005	What I expected	Having lived and worked at a hotel a few doors down from this hotel over a decade ago I did not expect much, and I was right, the room was as small as I remembered the rooms from the other hotel. I had a single ensuite and it suited me fine for 2 days as I was hardly there. I had to go out as the room was so HOT and I couldn't open any windows, that's my only major complaint. The room smelt quite musty but that must be the norm in those type of buildings, the previously mentioned hotel smelt the same, and the fact the windows don't open wouldn't help. The breakfast was fine and at least it was included in the exhorbitant (but normal London) room rate. I wouldn't expect much more from a budget hotel in London.	
Jul 13 2005	OK if you don't have too high expectations	I had read these reviews and booked a room with no private facilities for three nights and then again following week for eight nights. I wouldn't have done that if I knew there are no showers in the common bathroom! The idea of waiting the bath to be ready and someone knocking impatiently on the door was so unpleasant I changed for an ensuite room (it was ok, they had that kind of rooms available). I must say I felt quite uneasy to pay 54 pounds a night for such a small, simple room. But what can you do? The problem is not Beaver Hotel, the problem is the standard and rates London hotels in general. I spent a couple of hours in an internet cafe trying desperately to find a cheaper alternative with the standard (never non-ensuites again) but didn't make it.There is no reason for you to avoid this particular hotel if you have decided to come to London and not sleep in a dormitory or something. The rooms are small and simple but clean (the plankets and the wallpaper in the room were quite spotty and therefore ugly, though), the Earls Court area is ok and this particular street is quiet. In my opinion the breakfast was good (eggs and becon and toast, but also yoghurts and fruits). The staff is nice and helpful. There is a comfortable lounge to use and free tea available. In my first room the television didn't work, but in the second one it did. The shower worked as well as they ever do in England. The second time I must have had the same room as the previous writer - for some reason, no toilet paper holder! I don't know if you appreciate this little detail or not but in the breakfast room there was old posters with pictures on Earls court area. As a friend of local history I liked them.	
May 1 2005	Pretty good value for money	I stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in April. I had a single ensuite room for £54/night. The location of the hotel is good near the underground and in a walking distance to many shops, restaurants, museums and parks. The staff was friendly and spoke good English. The room was tidy and the size was OK. The bed was a bit on the hard side and there was some street noise but these things didn´t affect my beauty sleep. The bathroom was clean and the shower was OK. For some reason there was no holder for the toilet paper roll. The breakfast was monotonous (mainly bacon, eggs, tiny sausages and toast) but it was included in the room price. All in all pretty good value for money.	
Nov 14 2004	Liked it very much	I stayed at the Beaver Hotel last month for 4 nights. Its a nice hotel, 5 minutes walk from Earls Court underground and the shops on Earls Court Road.I had a single basic room, which was small but very clean and value for money. Shared en-suite facilities for the basic room were nice.Breakfast was served downstairs, staff were very efficent and friendly.There is a small lounge area with Satellite tv, nice to chill out there after a long day shopping!Am alread planning another stay here in January.	
Mar 16 2004	Reasonable and a great value.	Hotel Beaver is in one of those converted Victorian-style houses in Kensington &amp; Chelsea. It's just a stone's throw from a central Underground station (Earls Court), and a block from various shopping, services, and restaurants on Earls Court Road. Very convenient location, especially for the price. The single room I had was pretty small, but had television, en-suite facilities, and a phone. Don't show up with a lot of luggage unless you get a bigger room! I'd definitely stay here again.	
Dec 15 2003	Basic but adequate.	Very affordable accommodation, albeit having fairly basic rooms. Telephone and all the other commodities were supplied, although the reception on the television was aweful. The most important thing about the rooms, which overcomes their basic qualities was the fact that they were perfectly clean.Services within the hotel were good, breakfast was avalible in a nice dining room on the sub-floor. Staff were very nice and helpful, overall a nice place to stay if you don't mind the simplicity.	
Nov 19 2003	Quite reasonable	Safty enough. Room are relatively small. Facilities are common, but clean. Free for tea or coffee. Breakfast is not bad. Reasonable price (38 GBP)I would recommend this pretty small hotel to young travellers.	
Nov 13 2009 	wähh		
Jul 25 2009 	Super B		
Jul 15 2008 	Hôtel tranquille		
Feb 22 2008 	Bof...		
Nov 10 2006	Günstig gut und Top-Service		
Apr 26 2006	buena opcion a buen precio		
