Oct 29 2009 	Fantastic. Should be upgraded to 5 star status.	I booked the Executive suite for 2 nights as a surprise for my sister's birthday. We were upgraded to the Royal suite. The suite was huge with large windows overlooking Hyde Park and views of the city. That was an experience of a lifetime. The Room and views were fantastic. We had a lovely dinner at the Thai Restaurant. The staff and service were excellent. I will recommend the Lancaster London to my friends and will be booking another weekend package.Vendetta Lewis	
Oct 2 2009 	Pleased I followed the recommendations	We were looking for a decent hotel, centrally located and at a reasonable price. The Lancaster fitted all our requirements and more. It is clean and while the rooms could be more spacious we were out most of the time and this is London after all. The service was great and the location fantastic being 50m from the entrance to Hyde park and 30m from Lancaster Gate underground. Paddington train station was less than 10 minutes walking. Also Oxford St was a 10 minute walk away. We found nice places to eat between the hotel and Paddington station. Overall we were very impressed and would definately go abck there.	
Jul 29 2009 	£100 a night and no toilet in the room	When I booked I presumed that there would be an ensuite bathroom. There was a shower in the corner of the room and a sink but the toilet was across the landing - rubbish. No lift. Pillows were rock hard as well. For the price I would much prefer to stay in a travel lodge type hotel where at least you can be sure of what you are getting.	
Jul 11 2009 	Great location clean room and outstanding value	We found this quaint little place near The British Museum, located on a very quiet street midway between the beautifully tranquil Russell Square and Bloomsbury Square (neither one more than 100 yards from the front door). Location in Bloomsbury is outstanding, a few blocks from the Russell Square underground (Piccadilly line, direct underground to/from Heathrow). The hotel has no elevator and tight stairs, but we managed easily. Shower in our room was adequate, toilet was shared by a few rooms, but was always spotless and available. Room is small but adequate (we were there only to sleep). No air conditioning, but they do provide a fan and in-room coffee/tea. Continental breakfasts were ample and quite good. Front desk staff very polite, efficient and helpful. Certainly lacking some of the amenities one might expect of a luxury hotel (such as high speed wireless internet ), but cannot beat the value. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great room helpful staff - enjoyed the stay!	They did not have any garden rooms available, but my sister and I were given a first floor (one level above street) street-facing room. We did not have an issue with street noise beyond normal city sounds. There were one men's and one women's toilet for sharing by about three rooms - I never saw anyone else coming or going from those closest to our room, and they were always clean. The room was a bit more spacious than I expected, with a lovely little coffee/tea service station. The staff was extremely accommodating (they even found us a complimentary mending kit at a sister hotel and brought it over!) and there were no hidden charges upon check out. Internet was expensive (and not wifi), so we went without that.Though the weather in London was pretty perfect (just around 70F most days, I think), the room did get very warm the first day/night. THEN we figured out how to open the huge windows, and did so each time we returned to the room, and the temperature was fine for the rest of the trip.Overall, the Lancaster was a great deal in a great location, and I would stay there again. Really perfect location, two blocks over from busy Bloomsbury St, and an easy walk into the heart of the West End.	
Jun 19 2009 	Room was fine but no loo..?	Stayed at the Lancaster for one night with work. Booked a standard double room. Just assumed this would have a bathoom too however when I got in the room, it had a shower and sink but no toilet. There were seperate mens and ladies loo's up the corridor. Very weird seens as the rooms were nice and the shower and sink were modern, why wouldnt they just put a toilet in too?? I didnt have a problem - and as work was paying it was fine - when asked reception they said they do have some rooms with full en-suites so might be worth checking before you book if you want your own toilet!!	
May 8 2009 	Are they having cash flow problems?	I was treated as if I were a flight risk. On check-in, credit card was run and closed out for full 4-day stay. Asked about local calls. Staff could not tell me estimated charges and recommended I buy a phone card. Tried to call with phone card, but room phone was &quot;blocked.&quot; Was asked to pay 20 Pound deposit up front to unblock phone. Was asked to pay for breakfast in advance. &quot;Recently remodeled,&quot; but no Internet. No lifts. Rooms were nicely equipped, but stuffy and overheated - no fans or ventilation system. provided.. Good breakfast and convenient to Underground.	
Apr 1 2009 	An excellent stay	From the doorman to reception, restaurant and housekeeping the staff were extremely friendly and effiicient. Breakfast was excellent and attention to detail was paramount. Couldn't fault. Look forward to returning.	
Mar 6 2009 	Tiny dated bedrooms	Great on-site parking, check-in fine. Hotel bedrooms are very dated and rather bland in decor can't even say minimalistic - just bland. Bathrooms exceptionally tiny and very dated. Waited a long time for an elevator they could do with more.	
Jan 20 2009 	Not even a 3 Star Hotel.	Booked 2 Standard Rooms for a new year's Eve stay to have a quality time. The hotel building from outside loks amazing with its high rising tower. The reception and lobby area is grandand very beautifully decorated. Gives an impression of a hotel for older rich people and politicians. We had to wait half an hour to actually get our keycard because the hotel did not recieve any confirmations from travelocity.co.uk. Luckily we had the print outs of reservations but it still took well long to finally get checked in. The staff are just about to satisfactory standards. The room we were given was on a high floor with great views of whatever was outside. The room decor was very very old fashioned. The beds were not secured to floor. They were so light that they would slide away if you stood next to them. Not comfortable at all. The bathroom was adaquate and very basic. No real feeling of a 4 star based hotel. No coffee or tea facilities either in the room. The hotel has good connection with all travel modes.The check out took really long. Overall we spent £300 per room for Standard!!! Got absolutely no value to the money. I would not stay here again just because the rooms, their decoe, amenities and overall quality is dissapointing.	
Jan 10 2009 	Excellent budget accomodation- my new London crash pad	I stayed at this hotel on a Friday night , using it as a crash pad after a night out. The hotel was the cheapest I found and at £45 for a single and continental breakfast ,I thought it was a bargain (booked on hotel website for cheapest rate) and was dubious as to what I'd find. I was aware that there was no toilet in the room and I hoped that this the only reason the the room was so cheap. The staff were polite, the room spotless and in good order with plenty towels, hairdryer and toiletries and even magazines to read. The toilet facilities were immaculate and there were plenty available for use. The continental breakfast was excellent with good quality produce and endless hot toast and tea. Also as a single female resident I felt very safe in the intimate surroundings.I will definitely use this hotel again and don't be put off by toilets not being in some of the rooms it really isn't a problem!	
Oct 7 2008 	Surpassed our expectations of a budget hotel	This little Bloomsbury hotel, is ideally located 5 walking minutes from the British Museum and is set in the middle of a very quiet street that ends in two small parks. We pre-purchased underground pass for the whole stay, and found we didn't really need it. Entry to underground is located near by. We do like walking and are not very picky - in fact if you are looking for a safe, quiet hotel where you can relax after a whole day's exploration, this is an excellent choice. We have walked to Tower of London, the City hall, Westminster, etc without using pass, unless at the end of the day, when we were exhausted. When we arrived, we had fresh lilies in our room for our welcome.Granted, the toilets are outside of the room, but I never had to wait for any of them (we were on the second floor, our room was facing the garden). It's a charming hotel. It's not contemporary, but if you're looking for a 5 star hotel, you are obviously in the wrong place. The staff was very very friendly. I think they were all students. The breakfast is a big plus and although very small choice, it was really appreciated (food is rather expensive in London). We had a laugh about the shower in our room (since it is not partitioned off from the rest of the sleeping area, but we enjoyed the 12' ceilings, old style fireplace and Georgian interior design. Would we stay there again? - without a hesitation.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Find	For the price paid, it was perfect. Located in a very nice quiet location near Russell Square, with only a short 5-10 min walk into SoHo. On arrival, the staff were very friendly and helpful. We did have to drag our bags up the stairs, but it's not THAT MUCH of a problem, really. The room was very comfortable and quiet, with a nice leafy view of a rear courtyard and garden. The fact that there was no toilet in the actual room was not a problem either, as it was only one door down the hallway, and you can't hear anyone go there anyway. We paid around 60 pounds total per night $120 AUD, for a central, clean, quiet, and friendly hotel. You can't get much better than that in London. Will definitely be back.	
Aug 18 2008 	recommended but book what you require.	really pleased with our stay. we were on a budget, and booked a cheap room, with shared toilet. but on arrival, we were given room 2 , one of their best rooms. large clean well appointed room, overlooking garden, with bath shower and toilet...the hotel is in good order and very well placed to walk to all of central london sites. v nice hotel, but make sure you realise some rooms have shared toilets.....	
May 12 2008 	Great hotel wonderful location ... with a few buts ...	I have booked three nights at the hotel for my weekend in London. I booked before I read the reviews just because the location and rates were wonderful. I arrived at the hotel at noon and check in was fast and simple. My room was number 5 in the lower ground floor and was quite issolated from all the other rooms. There are no elevators in this hotel so I had to drag my suitcase down the stairs but it wasn't that bad. Having booked the hotel prior to reading the reviews I was ready for the fact the loo was outside the room but to my surprise I got a room with both shower and bath and a loo :) The room was big and spacious with a queen size bed, TV, work area, there was a ventilator, ironing board and coffee/tea making facilities. It was a great treat for a solo budget traveler and the location made it even more wonderful ! Althought in general everything was great , there are two spoilers that bothered me a bit . The first one was the strange noise I kept hearing which I figured out to be the noise of the tube on the Piccadily line that apparently passes right under the hotel :) but still it wasn't that bad as I didn't spend the day in the room and I was so tired at night that it didn't really bother my sleep. The one thing that did annoy me more than that was the fact that the hotel doesn't have a luggage room. This was especially annoying since my flight back was at 22:30 and the hotel staff weren't really keen on helping me , they could only appologise and say it was &quot;company policy&quot; so I found myself dragging my bags to Euston station (in case you would like to use this option it costs 6.5 Pounds per bag).In general I really liked my stay, since I'm a budget traveler this room was very good in comparison with other hotels I've stayed in around London even with the two small &quot;surprises&quot; I've mentioned before.	
Apr 24 2008 	Absolutely Wonderful Location!	When my boyfriend and I arrived at the hotel, we already knew that there were no toilets in the rooms. It was directly down the hall and we NEVER had to wait to use it. The shower was a little weird and there is very little privacy. Traveling with anyone else would make for an ackward situation. The location is absolutely wonderful as it is right by the Russell Square Tube station and not far from Holburn tube station. When traveling here however, make sure you give the taxi driver the address for there are TWO Lancaster Hotels in London. He took us to the Royal Lancaster first and then to our hotel. Just make sure you're clear! The staff were friendly though not very knowledgable of &quot;tourist&quot; activities. They have brochures in the lobby of London tours and things but you have to call to book yourself and they charge your for the local phone call. There are no lifts and we had to haul our luggage up only 1 flight of stairs and there was no bell-boy. There is no available internet but WiFi cafes all over nearby. Take advantage of the breakfast too! It was a great value and very good. We did not travel to London to hang out all day in our hotel room. The time we did spend there was quite pleasant. We would definately stay here again.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great disappointment	I made a booking at this hotel through a travel site and do not recall to have gotten a clear explanation (and went back to the reservation site before writing this review) that the toilet was in the hallway. Had I known, I would not have booked this hotel. I had also requested &quot;twin beds&quot; as I was with a friend.We had to sleep on a full bed as the hotel does not have rooms with twin beds (they proposed a rolling small bed which we refused as we would not have had enough room).Furthermore, the shower/bassin are in the room. Yes, in the room, you shower next to the bed! My friend and I had NO PRIVACY at all! Great disappointment, as the hotel is a very nice building decorated with taste. The hotel is part of Bloomsbury Townhouse Collection, I must say no effort whtsoever was made to try to solve my problem. They have several other hotels in the same street and not once anyone said that they were going to check for availability of a room with PRIVATE full bathroom in another property. They just said &quot;sorry&quot;, but as we all know, that doesn't solve the problem - or make you feel better.	
Mar 11 2008 	Excellent hotel	Noting the comments on this website, we booked an en suite room, which DOES have a toilet in the room. It was also in the back, overlooking the garden, and was extremely quiet and comfortable. The room is a very good size, as is the bathroom, and clean. The location really cannot be beat: halfway between the Holborn and Russell Square stations, 10 minute walk to Covent Garden, 10 minute walk to Soho, right next to the British Museum. We were very pleased with this hotel and would most definitely stay here on a return trip to London.	
Nov 15 2007 	Disgraceful	Arrived at The Lancaster yesterday evening. Waited 10 minutes while the (lone) receptionist dealt with another guest, only to discover that the hotel had &quot;inadvertently&quot; cancelled my booking, and now had no rooms available. Waited another 15 minutes while they sorted out another room at their sister hotel, The Grange Strathmore. Supposedly 15 minutes away, their driver took an hour to find it, and when I got there the place was frankly a dump. I'd never use either hotel again.	
Oct 27 2007 	My new hotel in London	This is a very nice property. Yes, the toilets are down the hall but then I saved a LOT of money - every comparable property with a toilet in the room was at least 30% more expensive. There was shower and sink and so it was not that often I had to leave the room to use the facilities. The staff were friendly and very helpful, the breakfast above average and the location AMAZING. This is my new hotel in London.	
Oct 19 2007 	Good for couples	Definately great location for travellers using the tube. At first got a shock as we had heavy luggages and there was no lift... but the concierge carried our suitcases up 3 floors! D room was big and very clean. Its true no toilet in the room but 1 loo is shared between 3 rooms and it was always very clean. We never encountered anyone using the loo. The area is not noisy so we had a good night sleep. The breakfast is also suffiecient and the staff were always friendly. I would definately use this budget hotel again when I am in London.	
Sep 29 2007	disappointed	Just back from visit to London and stayed here with my 12 year old daughter. Was very disappointed to discover no toilet facilities in room and no mention whatsoever of this on website, would not have booked if I'd realised. Obviously I could not allow my daughter to go to bathroom on her own so had to accompany her every time as you never know whats about! The idea of the shower in room is also bizzare unless you're sharing with your partner. Also even though room was clean on our arrival a pile of dirty, wet tiles were left on bedroom floor, I informed staff but they didn't seem too bothered. Location is good but thats the only thing going for this hotel, corridors smell damp and musty and rooms are only adequate.	
Sep 19 2007 	I would recommend	I would recommend this hotel. The location is great as it is within walking distance of the Russell Square Tube Station, as well as Covent Garden, The British Museum and the British Library. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and the continental breakfast was more than sufficient. The rooms were very spacious for England and very clean. The shower and sink are located in the room with no type of partition separating them from the rest of the room so I wouldn't recommend this set-up or hotel if you are going to be sharing a room with someone you do not wish to see in the shower. The toilet (half bathroom) is down the hallway but they are kept clean and I never encountered another guest when I went to use the toilet. I would recommend the room I stayed in, room 206, as it had a semi-private stairway to the lobby and no one other guest seemed to used the toilet across the hall. Also, it overlooks the backyard.	
Sep 7 2007 	No loos in bedroom	I booked via expedia and the fact the toilets were outside the rooms wasnt very clear from website. On saying that - you would find it hard to find a hotel at this price and location and in fact the toilets were not a problem. As the last review says - the shared toilet is very clean and i never encountered anyone else on the corridor never mind the loo.	
May 12 2007 	No loos in bedrooms!	It seems harder to find cheap 3-4-star deals in London this year and we had to look quite a bit before finding this hotel on Expedia, We chose it for its Russell Square location (Tube station, numerous good shops and eateries close by, near British Museum, too, and you can walk to Oxford Street shops) and also thought it was a place we'd liked the look of on the way to the museum on our last short break. We were in fact out by a block...The Lancaster is one of a chain of hotels covering all price ranges, with several more properties in the same quiet street, and is quite basic - only a breakfast restaurant and no bar as such, though you can use such facilities at adjacent properties, though that's not quite the same as having them in-house.It's immaculately clean with friendly foreign staff but the layout with hand basin and shower in-room - but lavatories/loos/washrooms/toilets outside - is unusual. One gents' and one ladies' to every three rooms may not suit all, though it's not dissimilar to some English B&amp;Bs. If you have a room at the back, as we did, the loos are almost right outside, but it's a few metres walk for the other two. They are serviced many times a day and were always spotless, and we never had to queue, but it may be an issue for some.We also noted some loose light fittings in our room and were served sour(ing) milk the one time we stayed in for the inclusive breakfast. This was likely due to the fact that the property has no a/c and is very hot in places, including the breakfast room. We found we could keep our room passably cool in an unseasonably warm London early spring (end April) by opening up the incredibly powerful shower steam extractor vent and creating a cross draft with a cracked-open sash window (tricky, so mind your fingers) though the noise level from the extractor may bug some guests. The back rooms look out onto gardens and this is the quietest hotel we have ever stayed in in London - no sound from adjacent rooms, TVs, traffic, etc., and it was pretty full.The location and friendly staff nonetheless make this little hotel worth a look, especially if on a budget. There are several nice restaurants adjacent to the Tube and, if you turn right, and then left exiting the station you'll find a new shopping centre with Waitrose supermarket and several more nice restaurants and cafes. A 24-hour Tesco is also right opposite the station. Walking to Oxford St takes about 10-15 minutes (Tottenham Court Road end) and there are numerous bus routes and black cabs about.	
Apr 3 2007 	Good budget hotel	If location and value are what you are looking for the Lancaster is a very good option. The hotel is a block from the British Museum and also very close to two underground stops. The room was quite large with a clean comfortable queen size bed and was overall in decent shape. The only reason I do not rate this hotel higher is that strangely the room had a shower and sink but no toilet. This was never really a problem for me or my wife but I could see why it would be for some people. I didnt look closely but it appeared that there were 6 individual toilets 3 mens 3 womens shared by 9 rooms on each floor. (Neither me or my wife had an enounter with any other guest durring our stay) All in all if you are looking for a clean inexpensive, no frills room I highly recommend the Lancaster.	
Mar 9 2007	Very nice but where's the loo??	On the whole I found The Lancaster a very nice place. It was clean, tidy, the staff were very friendly and welcoming and continental breakfast was pretty good too.My room was very large indeed (especially for a single traveller) and comfortable (queen sized bed and nice sofa) and there was quite a nice view (particularly for London) looking out over the back of the hotel.However (and it's a rather large however) the room was lacking a WC and we had to share the loo with others on the floor. I'm a seasoned backpacker and am more than used to sharing. Therefore such things wouldn't usually bother me, but for the fact that I had also booked in a work colleague who expects full en-suite facilities and I wouldn't have booked it for him if I had known. I have subsequently checked the Hotel's website and it really doesn't explain that certain rooms have only semi ensuite facilities.What I don't quite understand is that the the room was so large, they could easily have installed a full ensuite bathroom and it still be far larger than usual London rooms.If you don't mind sharing a toilet with other gusts, I can thoroughly recommend the Lancaster as a very nice place to stay indeed.	
Jan 24 2007 	Regular visitor	Great location, right next door to the British museum. I thought the staff work very friendly and professional. They seem to listen to thier customers as most of the negative reviews did not apply during my stay last month. I get to stay in London on business quite alot and for the price I thought the lancaster was great value for money.	
Oct 26 2006 	OK for the price	I stayed for four nights in one of their semi-ensuite single rooms on the first floor. The rooms have sink and shower, but toilets, 6 to serve the 9 rooms, are off the corridor.The room was high-ceilinged and small, but nicely furnished and comfortable. The glaring exception is the cheap fluorescent light fixture over the sink/mirror. There was no lighting to read in bed, no way to turn off the room lighting from the bed, and no night shelf or table near the bed. Surprising they couldn’t have come up with something, given the brilliant little cupboard they designed and built for the tea fixings.Bedford Place is pretty noisy, so windows need to be closed for sleeping.Breakfast room on ground floor is very nice and a good continental breakfast is served - juice, cereals, three kinds of sliced meat, sliced cheese, croissants and a variety of rolls.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great hotel for a great price!	We booked the Lancaster Hotel direct from laterooms.com &amp; it was fantastic. EXTREMELY large, by European standards, and quite clean - this hotel fit our needs perfectly. The room had a king size bed, a desk/chair, and a nice sitting area. In addition, there was a shower &amp; sink in the room. The WC was just down the hall &amp; was extremely clean and only shared with 2 other rooms. Continental breakfast was included in the price of $110/night. A great deal. The hotel was right near Russell Square, which was nice neighborhood. We felt completely safe there. I would absolutely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 15 2006 	Charmed but basic	The Lancaster was brilliantly situated for my purposes, so from that end it was perfect. It was also cheap - £50 for one night, including breakfast - the bed was comfortable, the room clean and as the room was at the back of the building overlooking the garden, it was very quiet. BUT - had an ensuite shower only, no loo, which I was unaware of when I made the booking. I raised this at the desk and it was pointed out that 'Single basic' means no full ensuite. Hmm - more clarity in the information me thinks. It was OK I suppose, but not brilliant. Little things irritated me like the TV didn't work and I had to get someone to change the aerial, the shower tray was not as clean as perhaps I might have expected, and there was a huge cigarette burn in the duvet cover. I was surprised to see that this was listed as a 3 star hotel, as it did not have the luxuriousness, which I would have expected. Still, if you like a small hotel, with no lift in an excellent location for little money and no loo in your ensuite, then this is for you:)	
Oct 4 2006 	Got sent somewhere else		
Sep 8 2006 	wouldn't go back		
Aug 20 2006 	Great Location...clean but average hotel		
Dec 18 2005	Great for the price!		
Oct 3 2005	Great hotel.		
Sep 4 2005	My new favorite hotel in London		
Aug 4 2005	excellent hotel		
Jul 22 2005	Superb quality value for money		
May 11 2009 	Estuve a punto de salir corriendo		
Nov 23 2008 	Pour Londres : Très bien !		
Nov 2 2008 	Empfehlenswert		
Sep 21 2008 	Eine angenehme Überaschung!		
Sep 18 2007 	Hotel mediocre con intendo de lavado de cara		
May 8 2007	Un bon hôtel		
