Nov 14 2009 	Smart Hotel in Good location	Had to find a place to stay with mates, I feel I was lucky to get a room here! It was clean and tidy and though it didn't quite have the kind of character I would have liked, it ticked all the other boxes	
Nov 5 2009 	Can't say enough good things about this hotel	I've finally found my perfect hotel in London. What a great place to stay. Great shower, comfy bed, lovely duvet, individual and easy-to-use temperature control, a window that opens, cable tv and Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream in the lobby. Also what a wonderful staff. Don't let the word budget put you off. Better to call this affordable and a great value for the money. Great size room for the price - and let me tell you, I've stayed in some rooms the size of closets in London. The hotel is in the lovely upscale area of the city near Belsize Park - part of Hampstead. Tube station is a block and a half from the hotel. Literally a two minute walk. Great restaurants, shops and bakeries in the area - try the steaming hot, freshly baked breakfast pastries at Euphorium. Fifteen minutes by tube to central London. Can't sing the praises of this hotel loud enough.	
Oct 25 2009 	Good location good value	My wife and I usually stay in four-star hotels on short city breaks, but this time decided to try a no-frills option - and were delighted with it. The room was a good size and very clean. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. They were digging up the hotel car park during our stay, so we were put in a room on the other side of the building, as far away from the noise as possible and so heard nothing of that or of the traffic outside. On arrival we couldn't get the bedside lights to work and when I went to reception to see what I was doing wrong, the hotel handyman came right back up with me to sort it out. The hotel is in a good location and very close to a tube station. A supermarket is nearby. All in all we had a very pleasant stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	very good base in London	the Premier-Inn Hampstead was a perfect base for us: father &amp; 2 teenage boys traveling and exploring London. rich breakfast - good start for the whole day. very kind and helping staff,very good location in quiet area, close to tube station and bus lines to the center.nice &amp; clean room. we slept like babies!!!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great location great staff	We stayed here for a weekend in August. The hotel was clean, comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful.From Belsize Park Tube, turn right and the hotel is about 1-2 minutes up the road behind the garage.In the area there are quite a few cafes/restaurants, a chemist and a grocery store.Breakfast is a bargain atr £7.50 for a buffet breakfast - hot and cold food available, and a very generous choice of items.We used night buses and walked back to the hotel in the early hours and felt safe.All in all, a good place to stay if you want to avoid the hustle and buslte of central London.	
Aug 28 2009 	Reasonably priced - but let down by staff	We recently spent two nights at the Premier Inn London Hampstead, for convenience sake before heading off on a trip to Norway.I wanted to spend a couple of days exploring Hampstead, having only visited briefly on previous day trips to London. We got a very good rate for a double room via the hotel's own website. Premier Inn styles itself as quality standard accommodation, with the frills taken off. Our room was comfortable in terms of size, though London has experienced quite a long period of hot weather this year and we were disappointed that one of the 'frills' to have been trimmed was a bar fridge - we would have loved to keep drinks cold. Also, although air conditioned, the system was desperately inadequate. Despite ramping up the fan and putting the thermostat on the coldest possible setting, it was uncomfortably warm in the room (in our experience there is hardly anywhere in the UK that has proper air conditioning). The window was only able to be opened about 15cm and in any event Haverstock Hill is a fairly busy road so that wasn't really an option overnight. The bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom adequate.In terms of location, we found it very convenient for our purposes. It's a couple of minutes' walk downhill to the Belsize Park tube station, and about a 5-10 minute walk (mainly uphill) to the Hampstead Heath tube station and rail service. There are also lots of buses running along Haverstock Hill Road. There is a good range of shops in the immediate vicinity, including a small supermarket.The hotel houses its own Brasserie Gerard (formerly Brasserie Chez Gerard) - a moderately priced chain of French brasseries. We had a bite of lunch there when we first checked in, and also chose to pay for the full breakfast on offer on our second morning. Both were reasonable value for money.The thing that let down this hotel was its staff. We arrived at about 3.00pm on a Saturday in August, ie. a full hour after formal check-in time. We were asked to wait for about five minutes because the woman on the front desk had to contact (we assume) the cleaners to see which room was ready for us. This seemed incredible, at that time of day. We were requested to pay the full price upon checking in, and were asked whether we wanted to pay cash or card. As we had recently sold our car and were looking to use up cash we chose that option. For some inexplicable reason - despite having secured the room with our credit card at the time of booking - I was then asked to produce photo-ID! I am a UK resident, and my partner is a UK citizen, and we had provided a UK address and UK credit card at the time of booking. The staff told us they were required to verify ID. This was most unusual, in our experience.The next morning we decided to go out and explore the local area. Having only been to Hampstead briefly once before, and not being entirely sure of our bearings at the hotel, we asked directions to Hampstead village from a young receptionist. She directed us down the hill from the hotel (past the Belsize Park tube station), telling us that at the second set of lights we should turn right and follow the road - it would lead us to the village. I have a pretty good sense of direction and my instinct told me that Hampstead village was in fact the opposite direction, but hey - what would I know? She worked there; surely she knew better. Wrong. After nearly 30 minutes of walking aimlessly in a big square around what we discovered to be the Chalk Farm/Swiss Cottage area we decided we had been given a bum steer and returned to the hotel. I was really annoyed by this stage and approached the receptionist, asking her if she actually knew where Hampstead was. I told her we had just wasted 45 minutes walking in the completely wrong direction and were very annoyed. She apologised but I wondered how somebody who works in a hotel called Premier Inn London Hampstead could fail to know where Hampstead is actually located. After returning to our room and searching Google Maps we confirmed that we should have been walking in the other direction, as per my initial instincts. Within 10 minutes we were enjoying breakfast in a great cafe in the village. This is a good value accommodation option if the weather's not hot and if you are looking to be outside the throng of central London (which is about a 20-minute trip away, via tube). Hampstead feels like another world and there are loads of great cafes, bookstores, boutiques and antique stores to be enjoyed - not to mention Hampstead Heath, and lovely houses with pretty English gardens. Just be aware that some of the staff don't seem to be terribly professional or knowledgeable. I guess you get what you pay for.	
Aug 1 2009 	Lovely location great value clean functional friendly staff.	Lived in London for ten years, albeit twenty years ago. This Hotel is very reasonably priced for providing all your requirements at a good standard. Excellent relaxed location, nice bars, restaurants, supermarket, 5 minutes walk to Belsize Park (Northern Line), easy access to central London, french style restaurant, friendly staff, good security, parking available, clean, functional rooms with TV, en-suite, nice view - tree lined avenue. Avail of this Hotel and local facilities and relax - as opposed to spending big money for a central location as travelling time is six of one and half a dozen of the other.	
Jul 3 2009 	Does what it says	I had a meeting in Hampstead, and so wanted a good night's sleep - guaranteed. And that's exactly what I got. No frills, everything as expected. Having stayed at Premier Inns before, I knew just what was on offer. The room was adequate, there was air-conditioning, a TV, an en-suite, and coffee and tea were available in the room. It was located in a pleasant part of Hampstead, near the Northern Line underground. The staff were very helpful, and the hotel company cares enough to send an email to clients asking for their views on the hotel. It was cheap for a London hotel and provided me with a good night's sleep and a more-than-adequate breakfast.	
May 27 2009 	An Excellent Hotel!!	I stayed here for a meeting in the Royal Free Hospital which is just 5 mins walk fromt the hotel. Belsize Park tube station is also about 5 mins away. There are plenty of nice restaurants and a great book-shop between the hotel and the tube station. There is no shortage of pubs nearby and there is a good supermarket too. The hotel is very good. They guarantee a good night's sleep and have excellent beds in well decorated (but slightly small) rooms. The staff are friendly and helpful. The breakfast is excellent and very good value.	
May 5 2009 	Perfect location just outside the hustle and bustle	We stayed here for four nights. This hotel is located 1 1/2 blocks from the Belsize Park tube station on the Northern Line. Bus #168 also stops right across the street from the hotel on its way into town. The area around the tube station is lined with restaurants, a Boots, some coffee shops (including Starbucks), and an internet cafe. After a long, hard day of touring London, it was great to return to this quiet neighborhood for a peaceful night's sleep. Even though some nights we returned quite late after the theatre, we were never afraid; it's a very safe area. The room was large, with one bed for two adults and a full size twin bed. The breakfast buffet had plenty of choices and was a great way to start the day. My teenage son ate as if there were no tomorrow. This hotel is perfect for families who also appreciate a good night's sleep and a hearty meal.	
Feb 20 2009 	Loved it - breakfast good - although the service let the whole experience down!	We (2 adults &amp; 2 children aged 12 &amp; 14) all absolutely loved the hotel and the location. Wow! We arrived early (apologetically asked if we could dump our luggage) and were informed that our room was ready! A wonderful start. The receptionist was the most helpful, friendly and attentive receptionist we have ever had the good fortune to meet - she was the head/reception manager and we think she was called Rachel (but we may be wrong). She was wonderful. We loved our stay - relaxed, beds made up on arrival, clean, plentiful towels and 4 cups for coffee and tea. Quiet room, safe, warm and secure - perfect. It was spoilt the next day at breakfast. I went to reception to extend our stay - we had enjoyed it so much. My husband and the children went to get a table for breakfast (already paid for when booked) with me following literally moments later - (having booked and by then paid for the extra night including breakfast). My husband was organised - buffet breakfast (unlimited) - he had coffee and juice, cereal and we all tucked in - it was nice. Then after cereal, I, my husband and daughter went to get hot food. I was first in the queue of help yourself breakfast. As she was passing, the lady who appeared to be in charge of seating guests (and was in the process of doing just that), asked (in my opinion, rather aggressively), &quot;Can I help you?&quot; &quot;What room are you in?&quot; Oh my God it was so embarrasing - everybody looked at me as though I had sneaked in. She was in transit showing other guests their table and I felt that they looked at me as though I was something trodden in on their shoe. I informed her of my room number (in front of everyone - like a chastised child) and she told me to wait there, she would come back to me. I was aghast and extremely upset. I felt so humiliated. My husband then interjected and reinforced to her that I was with him - she was sceptical and rather dramatically scary. In my opinion it became a whole massively drawn out, extremely unpleasant experience. I felt totally humiliated. This was not the end of matters - I feel it got worse and in my opinion, more protracted by her approach unnecessarily. Eventually I asked the hotel to enforce their good night guarantee and that her attitude had, in my family's opinion, (and mine) totally spoiled our stay. We were given the night free. We eventually did stay another night, but as a contingency were going to go elsewhere for breakfast as it would have been unbearable with that member of staff. The receptionist on duty was lovely - Sylvia. She totally resolved the situation to our satisfaction with dignity, sensitivity and professionalism. We loved the hotel - but would think twice about breakfast in future!	
Dec 22 2008 	Great Base for Exploring London	Originally we had booked a central London Hotel, but when the Aussie dollar crashed in value against the pound we had to go looking for a cheaper alternative. And I am so glad I did. We stayed for 3 nights in November, and the location was great.To get to the hotel we booked a private car transfer with Ontime Airport Transfer. They were great, and didn't want any credit card details at all, just cash when we arrived. (Unlike the useless Dot2Dot, which I would stay well clear of))Yes the hotel rooms are VERY SMALL, but the bed was very comfy.We had breakfast every morning at the hotel for about £7.00 each and it was all you can eat. Which we did, so there was no need for lunch every day, which makes the £7.00 each really good value.At night we ate and drank across the road at The George Pub. There are plenty of other places close by to eat, but we loved the pub atmosphere.The hotel is right in front of a bus stop, or about 100 m from the Belsize Park Tube station. Around the corner, about 200 m from the hotel is a laundrette.We took the bus into Central London, (about a 20 minute trip, depending on traffic), and this is great way to see the local area. And Hampstead is a great area.On the way back from London, the bus goes via Camden Lock which is well worth a shopping visit to.On our numerous visits to London, we have stayed in 5 star luxury and one star dives, but this hotel was by far the best value one I have ever stayed in.	
Aug 5 2008 	wonderful	A really nice hotel. A little bit expencive, but it's worth it. Good surroundinga and neighborhood- nice houses, a lot of pubs, shops and restaurants- never leave you hungry. The food is perfect- always find something, even if you are a vegetarian. Hampstead- tube station- is right in 200 m, so you'll easily get enywhere you want. A wonderful service- always willing to help. Big and clean rooms- really, bed and sofa, LCD, conditioner, shower and bath, and tea and coffe, etc. I liked it really!	
Jul 12 2008	Comfortable neighbourhood hotel	Stayed for two nights at this hotel. Arrived by car, easy to find with plenty of parking £12 per night. Very pleasant locality with lots of local places to eat, can recommend the tapas bar just down the hill. Underground station very close by. Hotel room clean with a very comfortable bed, efficient air conditioning. Staff helpful and friendly. Would stay again as very convenient for travelling into London, good location and excellent value.	
Jun 23 2008 	Good Location	We stayed here for 2 nights in June. The hotel is pretty much what you'd expect from a Premier Inn, very clean &amp; functional. Our room was very small, not really a problem though, if you book into a Premier Inn its highly unlikely you'll be intending spending a huge amount of quality time in the hotel room, as a base &amp; somewhere to sleep I think they are ideal. The staff at the hotel were very polite &amp; helpful and the location was good, its in a pleasant area with quite a few nice cafe bars very close, also a good supernarket just round the corner for snacks etc, its about - 10 - 15 mins on the tube into central London, the tube station's less than 5 mins walk down the road from hotel. The only reason I have marked this hotel as average is becuase of the noise from outside, there was alot of traffic noise &amp; noisy people walking past very late at night after going out, there were also building works taking place just accross the road. it didnt bother us too much as we were out &amp; about until late &amp; didnt get up really early but if we had been with children or liked to go to sleep quite early it could have been a problem.	
May 7 2008 	Good Location and Easy Parking	What's good:Great location, couple of minutes walk to Belsize Park tube station.Easy on-site parking, £12 per day for residents, plenty of parking spaces.Lift to all floors.Rooms were quiet with little road noise. Good residential area.Lots of good family eating places nearby.What's not:Small rooms, at the bottom end of the Premier Inn scale.Housekeeping staff spoke no English and did not know what soap was.Check the price when you book as they bump-up the room rate price if there are any events on in London.They also have lower rates for some guests!!!!!!Food in adjoining Chez Gerard restaurant terrible, without doubt the worst food we didn't eat during our weeks stay. Customer at next table walked out because of quality of food. Several items on the children's menu unavailable due to changes in menu.Hotel staff said it wasn't their problem as the restaurant is not owned by Premier Inn. What a cop out.Buffet breakfast OK if you go for quantity not quality.Would we go back ? yes we would, however we would be better informed next time.	
Apr 1 2008 	Would'nt stay anywhere else in London...	Me and my wife travel down from the north of England to London about 4 times a year for long weekend breaks. This hotel is easy to find ,the staff are always friendly (big plus these days)the rooms are very clean and the beds really comfy. The rooms are very well soundproofed you never seem to hear anybody else which suits fussy me.. We leave the car at the rear carpark for £12 a day which believe me is reasonable for London. But the best thing about this hotel is the location ,its almost right opposite Belsize Park tube station which is your gateway to anywhere in London. We always buy a 24 hour pass and off we go! You can also walk to Camden Town it takes about 25 mins straight down Chalk Farm Road. You also could just stay right around the hotel as there loads of restaurants and a couple of pubs.In the past we have stayed at all the posh,pretentious hotels in central London and payed silly money ,not any more so if you want a good priced ,clean ,safe hotel in London we would recommend here..	
Feb 10 2008 	Good value stop over in London	This hotel is very good value. It is clean, in a good location, easy to find, has parking, a bar and a restaurant.The staff are helpful and the rooms and bathrooms are very clean and looked after. Breakfast was not included in our rate but there are lots of options from no beakfast to simple coffe and croissant, continental and full, cooked, breakfast all at very reasonable prices. 2 children under 16 eat free with parents so a great deal for families.They also offer 20% reduction in the restaurant for hotel guests. Easy walk /bus ride to Hamstead made it a good location for a short break in London.	
Jan 21 2008	Great value in a great alternative location to central London	We used to stay here years ago when it was the Post House. As we tend to visit London without a car these days, it generally suits us better to stay in town, but this makes a really good option if you have your car, especially if you’re coming in from the north (M1).Good for:A great nights sleep – the most comfortable bed I’ve ever slept in, so much so we checked the make (Hypnos) and went and bought one.Friendly, efficient and helpful staff.A pleasant alternative to central London – Hampstead is very pleasant and has lots of nice cafes – Giraffe is good for breakfast.Proximity to Belsize park tube station - On the Northern Line so good for Camden, Leicester Square and Covent Garden.Parking – Ample parking and at £12 per day not too hard on the pocket – outside the congestion zone too!Not so great for:Late night partying in town – a bit of a long bus ride or expensive taxi if you plan on being out till after the tubes shut down for the night.Rooms – They’re a little bland, but that’s a minor complaint as they’re very clean and reasonably well appointed.Overall – Great value in a great alternative location to central London.	
Oct 7 2007 	Great Value Great Location and a Great Nights Sleep!	I have now stayed at the Premier Travel Inn, Hampstead on two occasions.... both on business. The hotel is situated a short walk (30 seconds!) from the Belsize Park tube station (take a right out of the station up towards the hill, when you spot the BP Garage your there!). I was impressed by the welcoming feel of the hotel and had a swift friendly check in. On both occasions on staying at the hotel I have had dinner in the Resturant - Chez Gerard, which serves delicious food and has a rather large menu so you will be spoilt for choice when it comes to dinner time. I also had the breakfast every day, which was buffet style with a range of breakfast items to choose from. I found the rooms very clean and the bathroom too. My room was made up daily and tea/coffee &amp; biscuits replensished too. I had a very good nights sleep - the beds were comfortable. Both of the rooms I stayed in had air conditioning. In the future, if i plan to visit London for a weekend and if I return on business I would definately recommend staying at this Hotel. It is in a great location... and most importantly it feels safe in the evenings. If you choose not to dine at the hotel there are several resturants to choose from ranging from bistro, italian, tapas, chinese and several other establishments.	
Sep 30 2007 	Don't dismiss it - but coffee lovers must avoid	We arrived late and left early so I picked this hotel because the price was reasonable and we wouldn't be spending much time in the hotel room anyway. I also knew what to expect - no surprises. The room was a typical chain hotel room, very clean and with the usual bland refinements, but it was just fine for our small unit and we were very comfortable in our family room. All the staff that we came into contact with were very helpful, more so than some other hotels I have stayed in in London. There was a kiddies drink and activity pack in the room, which our daughter loved. The breakfast was ok, again I have had worse and at £7.50 very reasonable. They could improve the coffee. This stay was very good value for money.	
Jul 7 2007 	Great value in brilliant local London neighborhood	In May 2007 my husband and baby daughter spent a week at this hotel. In pricey London, the hotel was really good value and is refreshingly less touristy than other parts of London. Around the corner from the hotel are great local restaurants, coffee shops, and a decent grocery store. Belsize Park (Northern Line) underground/tube station is less than a five minute walk away. It takes less than 30 mins to get to Leicester Square.Downstairs in the hotel there is a Chez Gerard. It was a good place to have a drink with friends, while keeping our 6-month-old with us. (Pubs and restaurants in London generally do not allow babies in the evening.)The downsides of this hotel include their below average customer service. However, the rooms were always cleaned well, fresh towels and linens stocked. So if you're pretty undemanding, customer service shouldn't be a problem.We booked online through the hotel website, which was also great. We were able to reserve the room and pay after our stay. Which meant that we could cancel or change our reservation, without a penalty. We opted for the &quot;family room&quot; which included a double (full-sized) bed and a single (twin). There was no extra charge for this room, and there was also enough space for us to set up our Graco pack-N-play (travel cot).I would recommend trying to get a room at the back of the hotel. The rooms' windows can open and the front side of the hotel overlooks a BP petrol station. We would not hesitate to return to this hotel, providing they keep their prices and level of quality the same.	
Jun 2 2007	Great service great place	This is a great base for London if you are driving and have children. Easy to find, outside of the congestion zone, reasonable car parking rates and very near to the Belsize Park tube station for getting in and out of central London.Could actually see the London Eye in the distance from our window. Hampstead Heath and Primrose Hill district all within easy walking distance, plus shops and cafe's just around the corner.Staff were excellent, very friendly and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. Room was nice, breakfast was excellent, our kids really enjoyed their stay.Will definitely stay here again. It's in such a good position and we were treated so well that we feel no need to look elsewhere for accommodation.	
Jun 1 2007 	Good value in a decent location not far from city centre	Obviously much improved since its previous incarnation as the Holiday Inn. Has been completely refurbished with new carpets, furniture and fittings thoughout. Only slight gripe was that the family room was a little bit cramped for the four of us - certainly smaller than a new-build Travel-Inn - we had a double and single bed, with the fourth bed basically a matress squeezed into the corner.Hotel staff were very friendly and efficient. French lady in charge of the restaurant a bit eccentric but in a nice way. Didn't try the restaurant in the evening but it seemed to be very popular. Breakfast was excellent and good value - self service hot and cold buffet - £7.50 for adults, free for kids.Plenty of space in the hotel car park at £12 a night I think. Belsize Park tube 5 minute walk away - about 15mins on Northen Line to the centre of London. Plenty of eating options on Haverstock Hill - we tried the Gourmet Burger Kitchen which was fine, also a Budgens supermarket, and the Screen on the Hill cinema. Hampstead itself is a 10-15 minute walk up the hill.	
May 12 2007 	Recommended	The other reviewers have said it all. Ideal location in North London, with attached car park and a few minutes walk from Belsize Park underground. Nice rooms, helpful staff. Only problem was - two computers in lobby for internet access - One pound or two euros for ten minutes - ouch! But it didn't matter, because they were &quot;broken&quot;....Room rate very reasonable for a high quality hotel in London. Would stay there again.	
May 2 2007 	Great Location Clean	Stayed here to visit a relative in Hampstead. Hotel is in a great location to Hampstead and Belsize Park. Hotel was clean and staff was nice. For the money it's a great deal!	
Apr 22 2007 	Fantastic 3 Nights	Spent 3 nights at the Premier Travel Inn Hampstead with my girlfriend. It was an excellent hotel with class and quality all the way. The room was clean, tidy and spacious with an extra comfy bed. The staff were brilliant; polite, friendly and helpful at all times. My personal favourite part was the superb French restaurant attached to the hotel; excellent food and friendly staff. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and plan to stay there again next time I visit London	
Mar 19 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	This hotel is no longer the 'Holiday Inn' but a 'Premier Travel Inn. The entire premises have evidently been given a complete refurbishment very recently, to great effect. Our room (at the rear, facing the car park) was quiet, spacious and well-equipped. At £75 plus £7.50 for breakfast, also v.good value a) for London in general and b) for such a nice locality. It is a 2 minute walk from Belzise Park tube, 5 minute walk from Hampstead Heath public park which offers superb views over London. For those unfamiliar with the English capital, Hampstead is a wealthy, liberal area with lots of upmarket shopping and eating opportunities but still well-situated to get to the rest of the city via public transport.The breakfast was eat-all-you can, well prepared, real fresh fruit salad, traditional english plus cereal etc. Poor value for the light-eater, though there is a Budgens supermarket down the road where a light breakfast could easily be bought for less (coffee making facilities are provided in the rooms).	
Feb 24 2006 	over priced	first thing i noted was the musty smell the bath room was very small and the carpets in the hall ways bald in places. one of our beds were not made up and it took 2 phone calls to get some bedding sent up. the breakfast was good the location was good but would not stay again	
Jan 30 2006 	Great Location Tired Rooms	Stayed here for business, corridors reeked of smoke, room was freezing, windows rattled, don't stay at the front of the hotel - the petrol station is right under your windows. The carpet was stained, the deskchair had holes in the cushion, the sheets had old brown bloodstains and cigarette burns. All that said, rooms here are like russian roulette, colleague stayed on the first floor facing the back - recently done up and really quite nice. My room was so old it had a round pin plug in the corner!!!Be warned this is a cheaper hotel in London and used by company accounts - builders, security guards, stuntmen - smoking and coming back drunk and unplugging the foyer internet computer to watch --- on their own laptop!!!!The Belsize Park location is however a really smashing part of London so you may want to risk it. Breakfast is plentiful with a good mixture of hot and cold buffet and the Greek manageress is a real character.	
Oct 17 2005 	Much Improved	I have had occassion to stay here several times since I wrote my last review. We found the hotel at that time, as did others, to be less than satisfactory.I am happy to say that the hotel has improved greatly and would be happy to recomend folks to stay there.Its strength then and now is the friendliness of the staff.I look forward to staying again at this location.	
Aug 27 2005	Good Location	Wasn't quite sure what to expect with the last review, but kept an open mind. Our room was absolutely fine, I think we must have been given one of the recently refurbished rooms, which was very nice. It was quite and really clean. As said previously, no air con, but we had the use of a fan in the room to cool us down. Location is excellent, 5 minutes walk from Belsize Park. Breakfast is £15 but we went to Tootsies down the road, and got a really good quality english breakfast there for £4. Nice area, Gourmet Burger is next door to Tootsies, do try the really excellent burgers.	
Jul 2 2005	dont bother	lower floors very noisy and room smelt of cigarettes-staff offhand when asked for change of room and none was forthcoming. rooms grubby and shabby but beds ok and linen clean. in a nice area with good restaurants and belsize park tube gives quick travel to central london.overall i wouldn't bother.	
Feb 4 2005	Good for Royal Free	I stayed here for the odd night when my wife was in the nearby Royal Free Hospital.Staff were all good and accommodated me well. After a while the dining room staff recognised me and constantly enquired as to the health of my wife, which I thought was nice.Some rooms better than others. A bit hot and no aircon. Make sure you get a room at the back of the hotel. The front is very noisy and not well sound-proofed against the petrol station right in front of the hotel. I could hear every word spoken on its forecourt. Rooms at the back are very quiet.Not sure what advice I would give to tourists for this hotel: no aircon not the lap of luxury and quite expensive, although near the underground. But if you need to be near the Royal Free is makes your life a bit easier and is perfectly acceptable.	
Nov 12 2004	Can't Staff Look Happier?	I found the staff indifferent and uncommunicative. However, I was grateful that a room was available here at such last minute notice, and my room was clean, except for the carpet which needed a good steam-clean. The hotel should inject a bit of the exquisite charm of Hampstead and Belsize Park into its atmosphere - and the breakfast room is not cosy or private. How about some muffins for us North Americans, not hard pastry with a mysterious chocolate filling?	
Oct 22 2004	Pretty mediocre hotel	This hotel is actually located in Belsize Park, closer to the centre than the name suggests. This is a nice area of London. The hotel itself is unspectacular - rooms OK, but look a little worn and no aircon. The minibar was just an empty box. Shower lacking in power, half the channels on the TV didn't work. Therefore I wouldn't recommend it. Only thing I will say in its favour - the check-in staff were excellent.I think you can do much better elsewhere for this price.	
Aug 13 2003	Don't bother	If you need to stay around the Hampstead/Belsize Park area I would reccomend you choose an alternative hotel like THE HOUSE HOTEL or THE MARRIOTT HOTEL REGENTS PARK. My partner and I booked two nights at THE HOLIDAY INN as we needed to stay in this area. We booked the executive room and were disappointed to find that the room was called 'executive' because we were provided with one bathrobe. We paid £134 a night and left the next day as it was a very warm week and the hotel didn't have air conditioning. The room was hot, hot ,hot! In addition to this the rooms were incredibly tiny and grubby. We moved to The Marriott in Regents Park and paid exactly the same rate and had-air conditioning, a larger room, great room service, gym, pool and fantastic service. Don't waste your time, we did and felt inconvenienced and annoyed.	
Nov 12 2009 	Pulito e conveniente		
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent		
Jul 13 2009 	muy caro		
