	Overbooked - Disapointed	We booked a room at the Bloomsbury specifically because of it's location - walking distance to theaters, restaurants, the musuem, etc. We arrived early around 1PM and were told that our room was not ready yet, so we left our bags and went out for lunch. When we returned we were told the hotel was overbooked and there was no room for us (we were also told that other people were in the same situation as some sort of consolation that we weren't the only people they did this to). While I think this is totally unacceptable, they did the only thing they could and re-booked us at their sister hotel, the Kensington. That hotel was excellent, but it is in a completely different area of the city. While they paid for a cab to take us to the other hotel to check in, we still had to pay for our transportation to go out in the evening because we couldn't walk to the restaurant/theater. We also asked if they would compensate us for that, but they said no.The final thing that bothered me about the whole situation was that when we arrived at the other hotel they booked for us, the front desk there seemed to have no idea about our situation or that they owed the cab driver for our fare. They had to call back to the Bloomsbury to confirm our new reservation and made the cab driver wait to pay him (this was a bit uncomfortable). The Bloomsbury could have called ahead to make sure that things went more smoothly.So, they lobby looks very nice, but unfortunately we never got to see the rooms.	
Nov 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Central London	First impressions count for a lot. From the moment the doors are opened for you by 2 doormen on your arrival you know you have arrived somewhere you want to stay. Reception was friendly and efficient and offered to help with theatre bookings, dinner bookings etc. Incredibly we were offered a smoking room which we took. This turned out to be on the top floor of the hotel but the speedy lifts made light work of that.Stunning views from the window over the rooftops towards the BT Tower made me glad I am a smoker. The room was not large but was certainly adequate for our needs, after all how much time do you actually spend in your room when you are a tourist in London.The room was clean and was cleaned every day of our stay, the bathroom had heated floor and heated mirror which is a godsend for shavers!All the staff we met during our stay were friendly and approachable.The location is excellent, within 2 minutes walk you can be in the British Museum or Oxford Street.One word of caution, if you book through an agent such as Booking.com or Expedia keep your booking confirmation, you may need it. When we came to check out the hotel tried to charge us their standard rate which was £40 dearer than the rate we had got through the agent. If we had not had the agent's receipt we may have struggled.Apart from that slight niggle we had an excellent stay at The Bloomsbury and would recommend it.	
Nov 21 2009 	The Bloomsbury gets it right	We had a one night stay for a theatre trip and found The Bloomsbury excellent. We were welcomed and all the staff were polite and friendly. The room was spacious and clean. We decided to have the pre-theatre dinner in the hotel rather than hunt around for a place to eat, and were very glad that we did - the food was delicious, beautifully presented (and good value for money) and all the staff were very helpful. The breakfast buffet was a treat, and again we had excellent attention. Thank you Bloomsbury, we hope to do it again sometime.	
Nov 18 2009 	Looks beautiful but we had some problems	We stayed here for one night. We liked the style of the hotel, funky and really nicely furnished. The building is beautiful and has plenty of historic features.Our room wasn't ready when we arrived (after 3pm) which was disappointing but we were offered an upgrade to a suite (albeit a smoking room). As non-smokers we were not really keen but wanted to get into the room and also were tempted by the upgrade! Although the room was pleasant and spacious, I would not describe it as a suite as it was similar in size and amenities to a deluxe room our friends were staying in. There was a separate dressing room area and a part of the bedroom was set aside for two comfortable chairs. The bathroom was lovely with separate shower and a large bath with a tiled-in TV.Although we were happy with the room initially, later on we had problems with temperature - despite the air conditioning being set to the lowest temperature of 16 degrees celsius, the room was uncomfortably warm. Unfortunately, as well as being ineffective, the air conditioning was very noisy. Like some other hotels of this genre, the lighting was subtle (i.e. wholly inadequate) in the bedroom.Our biggest problem was with the underfloor heating in the bathroom. By the following morning the floor was so hot it was too hot to walk on. It couldn't be controlled from inside the room and had to be adjusted from a cupboard in the hallway. This did improve matters a bit but the whole room was made so unbearably hot we were glad to check out. Breakfast could only be described as chaotic. There were insufficient numbers of staff, so that they did not have time to clear tables - one long table became a dumping ground as they - and other guests - cleared away used crockery. It took nearly 15 minutes for us to get a menu and order tea/coffee. When we eventually got our breakfast (which was perfectly nice), they further let themselves down by providing an empty bottle of sauce and leaving half-used pots of jam.Overall, I would not return to this hotel. We may have been very unlucky with room and breakfast but there are much better places to stay in London in the same price bracket.	
Nov 13 2009 	Beautiful place to stay	I believe, staying at the Bloomsbury hotel has been a really good choice and not only due to its outstanding location: the decor of the rooms is quite sophisticated and even the standard doubles have a design touch, often missing in other London hotels within a similar price range. The rooms are of a decent size and appear to be recently refurbished; the common areas look nice as well. The reception staff was quite helpful, which made my stay even more enjoyable.	
Nov 13 2009 	Amazing room -decor lighting comfort!!!	We stayed overnight without breakfast, so don't know about the food BUT the room was amazing. Very comfortable bed, quiet, ultra modern lighting, furnishing and decor but still cosy. Air-conditioning kept room fresh at whatever temperature required and the bathroom was awesome with speakers from the tely relaying your favourite programme all tiled in marble and a bath with no taps - that took a while to work out where the water came from.	
Nov 7 2009 	An oasis in the London hotel desert	I was born in London well over seventy years ago but have lived in North America for 44 years. I return to the city every few years and have generally been disappointed at the low standards of hotel keeping in relation to the price.The Bloomsbury was outstandingly good, and good value.Check-in was easy after booking on the excellent website. The room was clean, and looked new, and was large by London hotel standards.The 32&quot; LCD TV worked properly (sometimes they don't) and the room was quiet.The bathroom (always a good criterion) was the most modern I have encountered in Britain, but I was unaccustomed to the taps which were, I think, German, and I would have appreciated an instruction diagram in the room brochure. Once I figured out the shower and the bathtub settings they worked perfectly.A great hotel.	
Nov 7 2009 	almost right	I am currently in one of the two rooms in the return beside the lift on the 7th floor. There is no noise from that but the floor of the room above creaks more than any I have heard in all my years of staying in hotels. The people last night didn't move around a lot but every move they did make was a creak. I coped and got to sleep but when the room started being cleaned at 10:10 this morning every move of the service was like it was happening beside me. Creak, creak, creak for 25 minutes. I'm not blaming the staff but it is annoying. The room we are in is very nice for a newly refurbished hotel but the little reading light attached to the bed doesn't work (right hand side). Does no-one notice things like the light switch is toltally recessed making it inoperative? Simple things like that should be checked each time a guest leaves. Sorry if this sounds like a bad review when I do like the place, the concenience, etc. I have stayed here many times and the Manager has even given us a special rate once due to prevoius problems so decided to give the new version a chance. few simplethings would make this place perfect.	
Nov 4 2009 	The perfect hotel the perfect/classy spot in London.	The perfect location to visit, 5 minutes walk to everything; West end Shows, Oxford street shopping, great restaurants, subway station. Excellent staff. Perfect rooms. Everything the same as the pictures on the web site.	
Nov 1 2009 	Classy	It is the small things set hotels apart - hot towels on arrival after a busy tube journey, a welcoming opened door and my favourite the heated bathroom floor. Turned out the door and within 5 mins I was looking at Egyptian mummies in the British Museum. Another small walk I was in Covent Garden. Perfect central location and will be back.	
Oct 24 2009 	Recommended place to stay in London	Stayed at the Bloomsbury Hotel on Great Russell Street, London for 2 nights over a weekend in mid October. My husband found the website and we liked the look of the hotel, and decided to book after reading the positive reviews on TripAdvisor. Firstly, the Bloomsbury is a really lovely hotel, the staff who dealt with us (ie concierge and check-in staff) were very helpful. We arrived too early to check in to our room but the staff were happy to let us drop off our bags and then return later. Rooms were a little on the small side, but this is expected in a city where space is at a premium. The furnishings were great, particularly the large flat-screen TV, and the bathroom was excellent. We didn't eat breakfast there, but there are plenty of places to eat close by which aren't as expensive. It's in a great location and very conveniently close to the Tottenham Court Rd tubestop. Only minor fault would be that the AC/heating system in the room was a little noisy during the evening when trying to sleep, but didn't disturb us too much. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Bloomsbury and would definitely return, and would also recommend it to friends.	
Oct 23 2009 	Fabulous!	It was my husband's 50th and he didn't want to go abroad just for a few days so we decided on London. We wanted to go and see We Will Rock You and be pretty central in London. The Bloomsbury was just round the corner from the Dominion Theatre so I booked it on line directly with the Hotel. They did a 'Stay &amp; Rock' package for 2 nights including pre-theatre dinner with glass of wine and tickets. The seats for the show are normally in the stalls but as it was a special birthday I asked if the tickets could be purchased in the stalls and I would pay the difference. I was advised that the tickets had been purchased as requested and that I wouldn't have to pay any extra. I was delighted. When we got to the theatre we had front stall seats, couldn't have wished for better. The Hotel is lovely but I have to say I spent more on a 3 day break there than we did going to Barcelona for 4 nights in a 5* hotel last year. However, I wouldn't have changed a thing. It was clean, the food in the Hotel was excellent, we ate in the restaurant twice and were not disappointed at all. The waiter in the restaurant in the evening was polite and helpful however the staff at breakfast seemed a bit miserable. On the first morning I was told we had to pay for breakfast but advised the waiter we already had, it wasn't a problem though and we weren't asked again. Food was very good.We only had one problem and that was on the first evening before our pre-theatre dinner I went to take a shower and the water was cold; it was also cold from the bath and the sink. I rang reception 3 times but each time the line was cut off. My husband went down to reception and was advised the Duty Manager would come and sort it out - he arrived within 5/10 minutes and sorted it out.I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and hope we will be able to afford it again one day.	
Oct 22 2009 	Excellent hotel	My partner and I stayed at the Bloomsbury Hotel for 4 nights. The service upon arrival was very efficient, and we was given af room on the 2nd floor. The room was facing a wall, but that didn't bother us. The room was not very huge, but we had space enough for everything. The bathroom was very nice with a tub and a shower. The bed was very soft and comfortable.The only &quot;bad&quot; thing about the room, was the speaker in the bathroom. First, the sound wasn't that good, and second, if you were watching tv late at night at a low volume, you could still hear it loud in the bathroom. We didn't knew if it bothered the neighbours.The room we had, was VERY silent. The only noise we could hear, were from the other rooms, like people watching TV and people talking loud. The cleaning of the room was also excellent. We had breakfast in room one morning, which was very nice. The price was the same as if you were eating in the restaurant, and the breakfast arrived to our room at the chosen time.The area around the hotel, was also fantastic. The Tottenham Court Road subway are just around the corner, and the Oxford Street, also just around the corner. We could walk the almost everywhere.I would definately recommand this hotel. It is perfect for relax, sightseeing and shopping, and if (when) we are going to London again, we would definately stay here again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Room nice 	The Bloomsbury Hotel is a lovely hotel with a great location. We were able to walk everywhere and if we needed to take the tube, the Tottenham Court Road station was around the corner. It is close to many great restaurants, coffee shops, theatres, and shopping. The room was nice, thankfully we had a view of the street. The alternative was a view of the closed courtyard and other rooms. Housekeeping was not the best, after 4 nights we had to ask for a bedding change, towels were threadbare, and bathroom amenities sparse. Also one issue with the Concierge, he sent us to the wrong address, we requested directions to Fleet Street, we soon realized he gave us directions to Fifth Street, I suppose an understandable mistake. With all that said, it is a nice hotel and we would happily stay there again.	
Oct 20 2009 	a real gem	first time staying at the Bloomsbury and have to say,we were not dissapointed.The staff were very efficient and friendly.our room(212) was very comfortable and spotless,bathroom was very large and bright.Location wise,the hotel is a few mins from Oxford st and 5 mins from Soho so walkable to many great bars and eateries.would have no hesitation in staying here again.	
Oct 19 2009 	great location	My husband and i stayed here for my Birthday weekend.The hotel is in a great location, round the corner from Oxford Street, not far from Regeant St and a few mins walk to Tottenham Court Road tube and within walking distance to Picadilly Circus.The hotel is large and nicely decorated, the majority of the staff are pleasant and polite.We stayed on the 7th floor , the room was of average size for London standards and was clean and well presented, the bathroom although small had all you would need....one small complaint was the shower, the shower head was full of limescale and dribbled water out of the head although the shower jets worked and you could have a decent shower, another small point is the shower screen isn't large enough and water does go everywhere!The air conditioning unit in my opinion is not strong enough to cope with the size of the hotel and at times felt like it was fighting a losing battle, and i don't know whether it was condensation or the unit was leaking but the floor of the bedroom was damp around the unit! However these are minor points as overall the room was what i expected for this standard of hotel and the colours and furnishings were nice!I would recommend the cafes for breakfast as we ate breakfast in our room once and i am sorry but it was very expensive and whilst a one off was a &quot;treat&quot; ,i would be disappointed if i ate breakfast at the hotel for the rest of the stay.I can recommend the indian restaurant opposite the hotel, it is a lovely Indian with great food , also the Restaurant &quot;Tas&quot; just up from the hotel, is very nice too!The hotels concierge are great if you get lost, provide you with a map and we purchased our Bus tour tickets from them which are valid for 24hrs and show you London whilst allowing you to hop on and off the bus whenever you would like! The british museum is just up the road from the hotel and is great, and free.......which believe me you appreciate as most attractions in London are expensive!!The tower is great too and St Pauls catherdral.If you need any help the concierage provide you with any help that you may need, they are a good help!Overall the hotel is of a good standard, great location and friendly staff......for London it did exceed my expectations!	
Oct 13 2009 	Disappointed	We checked into the Bloomsbury today and I'm very disappointed with the room. We decided to pay for a Deluxe Room because we wanted more space. And after reading reviews on this website, we knew that the rooms sizes varied. So when we checked in, we asked for one of the larger Deluxe rooms. The front desk clerk told me that all the Deluxe rooms were large...in other words, the request wasn't really valid. Well, we got to our room which was very nice, as other travelers have described. But our bathroom is the size of a postage stamp! It is literally smaller that 8' x 6' !!! And when we left our room to grab a bite, the inside door handle came off the door. We called to have it fixed, which they handled promptly. It would normally have only been an annoyance, but we were already feeling unhappy with the room, so this just added further disappointment. We have not been able to take a trip for several years, due to a family issue... so we were really looking forward to this experience. I'm afraid the hotel has certainly put a damper on things. I'm going to check with the front desk tomorrow and see whether there are any better Deluxe rooms available. We are here for 5 days, and twe do not look forward to using that small bathroom for that long.PLEASE NOTE - I'm having trouble clicking on the ratings. My overall rating is Poor. I was trying to select Poor for Rooms and Value, but the web page is acting funny and will only take 4 or 5 circles, so I will just submit this review as is.	
Oct 10 2009 	Decent with some problems	Firstly the location of the Hotel is fantastic, and the public areas are very open, bright and welcoming. Our room was not ready upon arrival, but we were there before the allocated check in time. The main dissapointment was our room. I had requested an upper floor room, which usually means brightness. However on this occasion we had a dark room with a window out to a wall. It was an end of corridor room, which left you with the impression of a garrett.The other main problems were lighting in the room and temprature control. The lighting in the bathroom is too dim, and we struggled with the heat in the room. Even with the air con on full, it was still too warm for what was a very sunny day in London. As we were only staying one night, and were in a hurry we didn't have time to ask for a room change, so I would hope that our room was an exception?Otherwise the furnishings etc, bed, aminities were great.	
Oct 8 2009 	central friendly clean	great hotel * central * good value * nice breakfast * thats the way i like it!	
Oct 5 2009 	great location modern decor big rooms and hepful staff	We stayed here last night for the 3rd time, 2nd since the refit, and cannot fault the hotel. The rooms are fairly big, for London, especially the bathrooms, decorated really lovely and the bed is more comfy than my room at home! Last night was the first time we have gone down to the bar which we found very comfy. It's very hotel-ish with the Zero 7 music in the background etc but perfect for what we were after. We had the steak sandwich and the duck wrap and were very happy with both. The organic beer and red wine were good too!All in all I think this hotel is a good all-rounder.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good value hotel for central London	Stayed one night here on a Saturday night. Booked through LateRooms for £135 (not including breakfast)Generally a very nice stay.Good points:Newly decorated hotel and rooms were well appointed.Staff extremely helpfulLocation Excellent, close to shops, tube, west end, Covent GardenBreakfast (which we paid an extra £15 for) was lovely, probably one of the nicest full english breakfasts I have had for a long time.Not so good points:Air conditioning on the 5th floor was very poor. A member of staff admitted that the units are not powerful enough for the number of rooms on each floor. We changed our room to the 8th floor (which has less rooms) and the AC was fine.Shower was awful, incomprehensible array of knobs, water shot out everywhere except for the shower nossle	
Sep 28 2009	Amazing Place Wonderful Staff Beautiful Hotel Just GREAT !!!!	We had a great stay at the hotel, the location is extremely good for shopping on Oxford Street, the theaters and night life. All the staff at the hotel were very friendly and welcoming, also the cleanliness of the bedrooms and public areas was excellent with great attention to details. Would highly recommend this hotel to for business travel or a luxury weekend break.	
Sep 28 2009 	Issues!	Stayed here on a friday night, after travelling straight from work, i tried to check in and the lady gave me something to sign which had my surname on but had someone elses address, email and contact number, so i said i wait for my partner to get to the hotel as he had a reservation number..Second time trying to check in and it was a different lady i explained what had happened and she still proceeded to try and check me with incorrect details, this stay was also for 2 nights and i was only staying for a night.. I asked them to call superbreaks(who i booked through) and she and another person on reception said they didnt have the number??? Fed up of waiting i decided to call them myself and managed to get things sorted- without much help from the staff! So we get to our room which wasnt what we had to book so i them had to stand back in the queue at reception and ask to move rooms, which they did for us... Having work on reception of a hotel i do not believe i recieved proper customer service at all, i dont think i heard a sorry for either members of staff for making us wait etc...Everything else was very nice in the hotel, the rooms and breakfast.. Im not sure i would stay again, i have been put of slightly.	
Sep 19 2009 	A place to go back to	My husband and I stayed two nights and we had no disappointment with this hotel which looked just like the pictures on its site. Extremely well located, quiet, luxurious. The bedroom was spacious with a big desk and a nice reading chair. I was very satisfied with two aspects that matter a lot to me: the lighting was very nice and warm, a dimmer was even connected to all the lights of the room; the bed and the pillows were very comfortable. I asked the second day for non allergenic pillows that were given to us very rapidly. All the rest goes without saying for a hotel of that range. We were just a bit surprised by some strong smell on our floor (the 3rd), maybe the new carpet?The only glitch was with one of the concierges. We asked him the last day for a cab to Saint Pancras Train Station. It is literally a 10-minute ride and it cost us 10 pounds instead of 5 because the concierge had called a private car service (a friend, a cousin, who knows?). We only found this out when the cab arrived. The concierge told us at that time that he could not call black cabs that worked by the meter. He should at least have informed us from the beginning. It is the first time I see a hotel of that category not being able to offer its customers regular cabs! Of course, we were rushed by time to catch our train, so we had to pay the 10 pounds.	
Sep 8 2009 	Very Good hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights at the end of August &amp; found this hotel to be of very high quality. Arrived at lunch time on Saturday but the room wasn't ready (which is no problem as you would not expect it to be so early in the day). The receptionist was all apologies &amp; very nicely bumped us up to a suite! We stayed as part of a package which included tickets for a show, however there was a bit of confusion over this with the concierge which ended up with us going to the theater &amp; dealing with them directly. The hotel had failed to book the tickets, however the theater rang the hotel &amp; they sorted there &amp; then immediately with no question of extra payment.The suite when we got there was immaculate - large bed, what must have been a 47&quot; TV &amp; a large sofa area for lounging. The bathroom was also outstanding with a huge tub &amp; separate walk in shower &amp; toilet. If going back I would definitely request an upgrade again &amp; pay the difference to stay in room 312!We had dinner in the restaurant 1 night which was not as good as it should have been. The 3 waiters seemed a little lost at times &amp; unsure of what they were doing. 1 in particular audibly tutted when we said we were only having 2 courses as part of the pre-theater dinner. Attitudes like that can put people off returning very easily. Food was good, and the following morning breakfast was good also with a huge selection.The bar area is small but very nicely done. The barman gives a huge welcome to everyone who walks in which is a nice touch &amp; adds a good atmosphere to the place. A good place to round an evening off in.We were checking out early (5.30am) &amp; asked the concierge the day before to book a taxi to Heathrow, unfortunatly when we got to reception the receptionist checked around &amp; found none had been booked. However he rang around several places &amp; got one within 10 minutes (this was 5.45am on a bank holiday Monday so that's no mean feat!)Overall a high quality hotel, just be sure to double check all transactions involving the concierge....	
Sep 7 2009 	Bloomsbury Hotel - Superb Stylish and Excellent Value for Money!	My husband and I stayed at The Bloomsbury Hotel on Friday 4th and Saturday 5th September, and I have to say this is one of the very best hotels that I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. From walking through the front entrance you are greeted straight away with friendly hellos and enquiries about checking in. We had a marvellous surprise waiting for us, as I had phoned ahead and said that if possible, as it was my husband's birthday, could we have a really nice standard room? Well, when we checked in we were upgraded to a suite on the 7th floor, room 703, and I have to say it was gorgeous, red velvet chairs, a huge king size bed, with a gorgeous silk cream and red bedspread on it, walk in closet area, lovely marble bathroom with huge walk in shower and bath, spotlessly clean and tidy and all new. We were thrilled with the room and the staff were all so friendly and professional as well. We had breakfast in our room on both mornings, continental being included in the price, and it was brought up to us always promptly at the requested time; the food was lovely and fresh and plentiful and always with a rose in vase on the tray.We had a drink in the hotel bar and were again treated with respect and friendliness. I'm sorry, but I really cannot fault The Bloomsbury; its in an ideal spot, so close to all amenities, yet on a quiet street, yet you are five minutes from The British Museum and all other places are close by of interest. Whilst in London, we ate at Mon Plaisir, a superb french restaurant and at The Boxwood Cafe for a late lunch, both excellent. If we had been staying longer, then we would have definitely dined at the restaurant in the hotel. I had a quick look in and it looked very modern and clean and new and I've heard that the food is very good. We had room service on Satruday night and the food that was brought up was excellent. All in all we were very impressed with this hotel and we are quite hard to please, but our weekend trip away started at The Bloomsbury Hotel and ended with excellent memories, thank you so much. Michelle Ormrod.	
Sep 5 2009 	Blooming Lovely.	Spent 3 nights at the Bloomsbury and very nice it was indeed.The hotel is in a great location with the British museum only a couple of hundred yards along the same road, and only a 10-15 minute walk down to Leicester Square, Piccadilly and Covent Garden.I stayed in a superior room which was nice and room by London standards.Nice soft Queen bed and a flat screen tv.There was a safe and hi-fi access if required.The bathroom had both a bath and shower.The staff were very friendly and helpful and when checking in i was offered a hot flannel, which is a lovely touch.In the beautiful lobby there is a computer than gives free internet access to hotel customers.My room was very quiet and always clean. Overall it was a very nice experience staying here which i would repeat again no problem.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great HotelGreat location!	Just returned from a long weekend at this fabulous hotel.This hotel is basically a 2 minute walk from the British museum and Oxford street,5 minutes from soho and theatreland. The hotel is spotless,the staff friendly and cant do enough for you and the rom was quiet.We booked breakfast when we arrived as we got a great deal for room only.We paid £15 each per night for the full english and it was really nice but all the pubs and cafes in the area do breakfasts for a much cheaper £5 per head. Hope to go back soon.Would recommend to anyone.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location nice hotel but small rooms	Just returned from a short stay in the Bloomsbury- overall a nice hotel, great location in central London, good value and friendly staff. The rooms are small however, and breakfast was expensive. All in al a good place to stay in central London.	
Aug 28 2009 	brilliant  brilliant brilliant	What a find! A fantastic hotel in central London at a mind numbing cheap price. We stayed here for two nights and will not be staying anywhere else when we go to London, which is frequently. The htel was beautifully decorated, the restaurant was delighful, the staff helpful ( i got a hot towel from reception upon arrival)the room was immaculate. Sky TV, expresso maker, breakfast in bed at no extra cost, the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in, i didn`t want to go home. The location, well, about 5 minutes walk from Oxford Circus. Book it on travel zoo and get bed and breakfast at a great rate.	
Aug 22 2009 	Good Hotel well located near to tube in quiet road.	Good Hotel well located near Tottenhan Court Road tube station so easy to get around. No Car parking and the car park opposite is £31 per day.	
Aug 20 2009 	At Great Stay at The Bloomsbury Hotel	I booked the hotel based on reviews on this site and was very happy I did. This was a birthday surprise for my girlfriend, we went to a show and had a really nice meal out.The staff were all very friendly and happy to help with any questions or advice.Our room was very well decorated and extremely comfortable. Breakfast in the morning was very tasty and although we didn't pay for the full english the continental was more than enough.The location of the hotel could not have been better for us, we walked everywhere and many of the top locations and sites are easily accessible by foot.Overall a great stay and will defiantly return to this hotel.	
Aug 17 2009 	So Glad We Stayed Here	Just returned from a four night stay and am so glad I chose this hotel after reading the reviews of it on TA.Good location ,plenty of restaurants to choose from and only 5 min walk to the British Museum and 10 min to Covent Garden.The hotel is newly refurbished very stylish, and comfortable, we had a room on the 5th floor at the front that was a good size ,comfortable bed,nice bathroom with a very good shower.But what really makes this hotel special are the staff who without exception were polite,helpful,and professional they were a real credit to the hotel.We ate in the hotel one evening and although the restaurant lacks atmosphere a little the food was excellent and the service friendly and attentive.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very good hotel overall highly recommended	Stayed there for 3 nights, the hotel was newly renovated and both service and the rooms were excellent. Completely new. Its location was very very convenient too, within walking distance to oxford street, soho and convent garden.The beds were soft and super comfortable too, the only complaint was that due to renovation works in the lobby, there was a fair bit of noise within the hotel, and even audiable from the rooms, but i guess it should be temporary and its limited to daytime only. Since I got a weekend 3N for 2N deal, it was a very good deal for its quality, on par with 5 star hotels.Will return definitely!	
Aug 9 2009 	Location Plush at a bargain price	Very roomy, recently renovated hotel with very modern bathroom including sockets for USA, European, and Englih appliances -- and a lot of them at the desk. Free Internet access and breakfast were included in my hotel charges. The breakfast was a full English breakfast-- you could order anything hot as well as enjoy the buffet of cereals, pastries, multiple fruits and fruit juices and coffee, tea, or hot chocolate. We saved a lot of not having to buy more than a snack for our lunch. The hotel is less than five minutes from the Tottenham Court Road Underground station and bus stops and five minutes from the British museum. There is an abundance of restaurants in the surrounding area. Staff were friendly and helpful. Hint: if you are flying, book via the Internet with Easy Airport cars -- it cost only 35 pounds one way which sure beat wrestling with luggage if you went by train and the underground. Public transportation is not as cheap as it used to be and if two or more people are travelling, it is worth the extra pounds to go by taxi when you have luggage.	
Aug 5 2009 	Decent clean efficient and nicely decorated	Due to a business meeting at the end of our holiday we stayed in a The Bloomsbury and were reasonably impressed. The room although a little small and lacking the mini-bar that most have was beautifully decorated and comfortable. The free broadband worked well and allowed me to get things done quickly. The staff with one exception were polite, helpful and efficient. The hotel is a few hundred metres from Tottenham Court Road station and in walking distance to many places.While we regrettably did not have time to go the restaurant we did have room service late one night. The food was freshly made and tasty so no complaints.Overall a good hotel and at the price we paid pretty good value. Their rating will remain high provided they can continue this level of service without being ridiculous on price.	
Aug 4 2009 	The Best Hotel in London	I dont normally write hotel reviews but the stanard of this hotel was excellent and warrants a review, from arrival and quick polite check in with hot towels to left luggage on departure everything was first class. The room was excellent with a queen bed and all facilities one could wish for , I cannot recommend it highly enough . To the management Thank you for making my wifes birthday treat to London so speial.	
Jul 31 2009 	Nice hotel- for the independent traveler (don't ask hotel for help)	We had a nice stay at the Bloomsbury. The hotel is situated in a nice location- close to bus and tube transportation and walking distance to most of London. The rooms were comfortable and small. Very little closet space and no dressers. Breakfast was included in our stay and it was great. My main concern/complaint was that the concierge staff and the front desk were not very helpful when it came to questions regarding London. They couldn't give us any recommendations for restaurants, no idea where the closest movie theater was located...etc. The head concierge was extremely helpful but he was the only exception. All and all a good hotel as long as you know what you want to see and do in London (and how to get there).	
Jul 28 2009 	Great location; spacious well decorated rooms	I stayed at this hotel for a week on business and loved it. It's in a really nice location -- right near the British Museum. The rooms have just been renovated and are very nicely appointed -- very modern and beautifully done. The room I had was also huge. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Fab 4 star Hotel at reasonable price in Central London	The Bloomsbury hotel is very central but situtated in a very quiet street, the hotel has been newly refurbished, on arrival at reception we were handed heated cloths to refresh our hands,&quot;great after a long journey&quot; the staff are very good and extremely helpful, rooms are clean and comfortable, We sampled the food a few times and was impressed with the standard, it was tasty and portions were good, We booked the lazy weekend which allowed you a long lye in the morning and drinks to the value of £25.00 in the bar, &quot;great cocktail choice&quot;I would recommend this hotel and intend to return very soon.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great stay and location!	Stayed here for 3 nights based on a travelzoo promotion and reviews. However, when I logged onto the hotel website, I could not get the promotion. We did not try the restaurant or bar so cannot comment. One minor issue - it took 3 inquiries to finally get a bar of hand soap on our last night. Free internet connection (but no printer to print out boarding pass). Location was good. British Museum around the block from hotel. Five min. walk to Tube stop Tottenham Court Road on Central/North line. Buy the tube day pass for L5.60 and go all over. There is a TKTS booth at Leicester Square for discount play tickets. Don’t be fooled by all the booths when you exit the tube. They are not the real TKTS booth and charge you more. Take a one hour train ride to Windsor Castle. Be prepared that all of the attractions are expensive but worth it.	
Jul 23 2009 	amazing value in an expensive city!	Many of the reviews here, even positive ones, do not give enough credit for how *under*priced this hotel is relative to the usually astronomical rates at london hotels. The main selling-points here are the fantastic location--down the street from the British Museum, about a minute's walk from the Tottenham Court Road tube station, and within comfortable walking distance of a host of other great areas/sites--and the modern, sophisticated look of the place. Standard rooms are on the small side, but still very comfortable with a great bed and nice linens. Breakfast is, indeed, a rip-off, although when we checked in we were very clearly informed about the price--if you reserve in advance it drops to 15 pounds, still a bit on the expensive side, especially when there are a lot of cheap cafes in the immediate vicinity.I would highly recommend this hotel. Don't expect incredible luxury, but expect to pay a budget price for a very comfortable experience that you would normally get at a mid-range boutique hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	Good standard of hotel in handy location	stayed here twice in July with work. The location could not be handier. Come out of Tottenham Court road tube and turn right past the Dominion TheatreThe hotel has had a refurb since it was Jury's. It's now even nicer. Rooms are on the small side unless you upgrade but are bright, modern a touch of luxury even and have everything you need inc tea/coffee.In July and August- they seem to be doing a B&amp;B deal of £120pn which is super value for the location and the standard of the food. Staff are pleasant and helpful.Will certainly use again.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice room and ok size for London	I stayed here before when it was Jurys and although the price has gone up a bit, it is all the better for its renovation. Really nicely styled room and an Ok size for London. Our room only had a shower and no bath but it was still good.Location is excellent a few mins walk from Tottenham Court tube and eaily walkable to covent garden.Reception staff were really efficient and it was a nice touch to welcome you withe hot towels.	
Jul 15 2009 	Keep returning to this lovely and central hotel	I love this hotel and have stayed here three times. It's a perfect base for a weekend in London. It's recently been refurbished and the newly redecorated rooms are very modern, clean and comfortable. The rooms are small but great. The old character of the building also adds some charm to the lobby area.The location is excellent- just off New Oxford Street, beside the tube, close to Soho and West End yet in a quiet street so you are not disturbed by noise.It's great value for what you get and for the location and there are often good offers available.I have not eaten here but have used the bar which is fine.Keep returning to this central, comfortable hotel	
Jul 13 2009 	superb hotel great location	great hotel - great location - rooms are not too small and are all newly furnished this is by far the nicest hotel for the money we have stayed at in London would deffo stay again and recommend it highlynice brekkie lots of choices - very polite staffgreat hotel!!	
Jul 13 2009 	Our experience with the Bloomsbury Hotel	We chose the Bloomsbury Hotel after reading the some good reviews on it. Booked a week stay at deluxe room which we paid higher for the comfort with amenities like bath robes and slippers. Here are our experience with hotel. The Good:Hotel is nice being recently refurbished. Friendly service at the restaurant, and concierge; especially Brian, the head concierge, who helped us with the tour &amp; show tickets. Food was pretty good at the restaurant and we visited twice since we were too tired to get out to explore on other restaurants for 2 nites.Location is okay with Tottenham station around the corner but we did not particularly like the neighborhood near this station.The Bad:There are steps to get to the lobby which we did not really like; especially if you were struggling with your big baggages. Of course, we could leave the bags on the street and go into the lobby to request concierge to pick them up but there must be someone watching the baggages while another go get the concierge.Front desk was ok but lack of smiles. We had a little disappointment during check in with the front desk guy. When we make comments about the room that reserved for us too close to the elevator (we requested a room away from elevator) and wanted to take a look at the room. He abruptly snatched back our reservation form showing an attitude problem. It was bad to have guests forming a first bad impression right at the beginning. Hotel seems to be a little under staff maybe due to the current economic situation. Concierge is very helpful but sometimes, they are not available because only one was on duty. We were told that there was no housekeeping available until after 9.00 am when we were running out of coffee and sugar in the morning. Operator did not volunteer to help unless you asked.Two days in a row, false fire alarm went off 4 times in early morning. One time in one day and 3 times in another within 1 hr. We called to check and was told they were trying to fix it. No morning call necessary for that morning. A good insurance not to oversleep.Room has free internet connection but was not wireless. Refrigerator is locked with beverages and have no space for your own beverages.Basin was leaking and we need to place a towel underneath it. Not sure if it was fixed but the towel was placed there till we left.There are many other hotels in the neighborhood to check out if you want to live in this area. It was ok to stay here if you want a newly refurbished facility.	
Jul 12 2009 	Just Perfect!	I booked a Friday night out in London as a treat for me and my girlfriend and choose this hotel to stay over for the night,I read lots of the reviews on here and decided to try it out,I'm so glad I did because we both had a lovely stay after a long day and a night out.The hotel is fantastic both inside and out and the staff were all very polite and helpful with our needs,it's also in a perfect location for all the sights/bars/restaurants around the West End,a couple of minutes walk and your right in the mix! The rooms are superb with large LCD TV's and a nice bathroom too,last but not least I'd like to mention the beds,they are so comfortable! we had a king size bed and both slept really well,I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 1 night in June 2009. The hotel was wonderful. Good service, vey modern and clean and bright. Our room was smaller than rooms we've had in other hotels, but was stil an OK size. Location wise is excellent for getting to Covent Garden and the theatres. We didn't eat at the hotel as we stayed on a room only babsis so I can't comment on the food, but there is a great little cafe just across the road which did lovely lunches and breakfast.	
Jul 6 2009 	Fantastic!	Beautiful hotel in a great location, perfect as a base for exploring London and at a reasonable price - what more do you ask for! We stayed for three nights last week and were very impressed by the cleanliness, decor and furnishings in the hotel. We had a packed schedule upon arrival in London, so much to see and do (including a day at the Tennis Championships in Wimbledon!). We ate in the restaurant twice. On both occasions the restaurant staff were extremely welcoming and friendly and the food was gorgeous! Compliments to the chef! We had a few drinks in the bar each night, the staff are very friendly and attentive. The Bar Manager, Pritan, in particular went out of his way to please us and also made us some super cocktails! Overall our experience in this hotel was fantastic! We look forward to our return in the near future!	
Jul 6 2009 	Lots of minor issues left a bad taste	Broadly speaking, there is plenty to like about this hotel - good sized; well stocked rooms and a great position for theatreland &amp; Oxford Street etc. My booking was for 2 rooms - my wife &amp; I and my brother and his wife.We booked through Expedia paying £268 for the two rooms. As it was a busy Saturday night our rooms where 2 floors apart; but no huge issue there. My brother's room however was clearly a disabled room as it had no bath and was most obviously laid out for wheelchair access. Arriving back at the hotel; the power to the room was lost which took reception around 20 minutes to solve (at midnight - inconvenient but not awful). In the morning the power was again lost 2 further times and fixed relatively quickly. They were offered a room change, but seeing as we were checking out in an hour or two; it didn't really seem worthwhile. No offer of a refund or part-refund was offered either.Around a week later, I received a bill in the post showing my card had been charged £103.50 for my room which took 2 or 3 phone calls to eventually sort out and get refunded. If I hadn't noticed this on my statement; I'm sure it wouldn't have been detected as charged incorrectly by the Hotel either.It also shows that the hotel's room rate of £90 +VAT is far less than the £134 we paid through Expedia for each room.One final point - the cost of breakfast is a complete rip off at £21. Having read some reviews on here before leaving I saw that someone was unaware of this cost when assuming that breakfast was included. The same thing would have happened to us as when checking in the front of house staff told us when breakfast was served, but not that we had to pay for it. I asked if it was included and was told it wasn't.So - hotel is good if your stay has no troubles. Just be sure to check you haven't been double charged, make sure you haven't been given a disabled access room &amp; don't bother with their breakfasts. We found a great Turkish place nearby with Mediterranean breakfasts for around £5.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great hotel very friendly and helpful staff - I will definately visit again!	We arrived at midday as we had a theatre trip arranged. We left our bags with the consierge whilst we went and had lunch in the bar. The food was exceptional and the steak bagette melted in your mouth.When we got our rooms we had one with a bath and one with a walk in shower -so I would recommend anyone that has a preference to mention this at the time of booking or check-in! Both rooms were newly decorated, clean and of a reasonable size. The bathrooms too were a good size. We didn't have dinner at the hotel but wished we had as the meal we had out was terrible and ended up coming back and having dessert and coffee back at the hotel - again the food was very good!The beds were very comfortable.We found the staff very helpful and friendly and they couldn't do enough for us.We visit London a couple of times a year and we will definately stay at this hotel from now on and we have stayed at some of the best! Overall - great location and great staff!!	
Jun 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel ! Highly recommended	Luxury hotel in a great central location at a reasonable price- what more do you want !! We stayed for one night last weekend and got a pleasant surprise by the standard of the decor and furnishings and over all experience staying in this hotel. The hotel itself has a beautiful style, im not sure how long it has been since it was renovated but I assume not long as it seems very new! We had a few drinks in the bar on Saturday night which I would recommend, the staff are very friendly and helpful (and make some great cocktails!) The only issue we really had was checking in - it was at 2:30pm and it stated check in was available from 2pm .. we were first told our room was not ready and it would be about a half hour wait, this was slightly fustrating as we were running on a tight schedule! But after about a 3 minute wait a very helpful woman on reception told us a room was available for us. This made a very big difference to our experience and we appreciated her finding us a room so quickly. Location wise it is walking distance from all the Bars in Soho, most Theatres and Covent Garden etc.I would stay here again without a doubt !	
Jun 29 2009 	Very Pleasant stay	Stayed here for a long weekend in London. The hotel was very clean and very modern, we stayed in a junior suite which was just perfect with a fantastic bathroom filled with plenty of bits and bobs that you always need when away from home. The staff were of excellent service and very helpful at all times. The only little grumble I have is that room service was quite slow having to wait 45 minutes even if you ordered at 3 in the morning, and not great food that was sent to us. But overall an excellent hotel and we will certainly be going back.	
Jun 24 2009 	Perfect!	Stayed for one night last weekend as part of a theatre package for my birthday. When we went to check in we were originally told that they couldn't check us in for another half an hour, 45 minutes because they were waiting on a linen delivery!? But the lady on the front desk was very very efficient in sorting us a room out quickly and we actually only waited about 5 minutes. She was very professional the entire time. Room was stunning. This hotel has recently gone under refurbishment so the rooms really feel as though they are brand new! Very clean, very pretty etc. Location is excellent, right around the corner from the British Museum and minutes away from covent garden/Leicester square and so on. We actually got cabs everywhere seeing as it was a 'special occasion' and the cost was significantly under ten pounds each time. Our package deal included breakfast but when we went downstairs the next morning we were told continental breakfast included when my booking confirmation said english. However, I didn't say anything because the continental breakfast was excellent! Great selection of near on everything you could include in a description of a continental breakfast and staff were very attentive, although it was quite busy at the time we went down for breakfast they never looked rushed and came over to ask us how everything was and to offer us more toast - they certainly don't scrimp like some hotels do. A couple next to us were having the full english and it did look good too. Would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone. Obviously the price is quite steep but I would happily say it was worth the money.	
Jun 18 2009 	Wonderful hotel great staff. I won't stay anywhere else in London.	This was my 4th stay within a year at this beautiful, centrally located hotel.Renovated since my last 2008 visit, the rooms are immaculate and beautifully appointed.The staff in every department take great pride in their jobs and made me feel most welcome.I would recommend this hotel on the basis that it's absolutely perfect as a base for exploring London, excellent for business travellers and terrific value for the money.	
Jun 16 2009 	Absolutely fantastic our London base for every vist!	We just stayed at the Bloomsbury on Sunday night. The hotel is immaculate with a lovely reception area. The staff were very friendly and helped with everything! We were also allowed to check in early as our room was ready, meaning we didn't have to carry around all our clothes etc. Our room was 608 and was a good size, large entrance with a &quot;to die for bed and bathroom&quot;. The decoration was fantastic. Everything was clean and looked brand new. We had a large flat screen TV with Sky Sports and DTV, tea &amp; coffee making stuff, magazines, hairdrier, ironing board &amp; iron. We couldn't have asked for more! We will now be staying here each time we visit London as we know our money will be well spent. We had full breakfast which was gorgeous, I had Smoked Haddock &amp; Scrambled and my boyfriend had a Full English. You could also help yourself to juice, cereal, fruit, meats and cheeses! We were stuffed and set up well for a days shopping!We actually came back to the hotel on Monday for lunch, which again was lovely and quickly prepared.Definately recommend this hotel time and time again a the location is perfect for any London trip and the hotel itself is FAULTLESS.Well done Bloomsbury!!!	
Jun 14 2009 	Excellent choice	Stayed at the Bloomsbury for 1 night and would thoroughly recommend it. Greeted by very friendly receptionists who checked us in promptly, offering us refreshing warm towels whilst they did so. The room was very nice with a very comfortable bed. One thing I was aware of later at night was how quiet it was, no banging of doors or loud televisions from next door ( a welcome change !). The public areas are very spacious and the whole hotel seemed very clean. I would definitely reccomend this hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	great hotel	Stayed at this hotel for four nights and it did not disappoint. At reception we were greeted by the very friendly and helpful Casha. She made us feel so welcome. Our bedroom was average in size but very clean and tastefully decorated. The beds are really comfy and the room was very quiet at night. The bar staff were also very efficient and friendly. as was the concierge. The location of this hotel is so central with the underground just a two minute walk from the hotel and all the shops of Oxford street a five minute walk away. Overall a great hotel in a great location with very helpful staff	
Jun 8 2009 	Good Hotel and location	We stayed for one night here on 6th June. We found the location of the hotel really easy, right at Tottenham Court Road tube station. Check-in was quick and efficient, and although our room was not ready (we arrived about 11) our bags were stored for us. We stayed in a superior room which was lovely, and the bed was sooo comfy I wanted to take it home with me!! We had continental breakfast included in our rate which was a great start to the day.I found the staff very friendly and helpfull, especially in the bar! They didn't let us wait for our drinks at the bar, instead brought them to us!All in all a very enjoyable stay and I would definitely stay again!	
Jun 3 2009 	Good Hotel and Good Location but Beware	This hotel is in an ideal location in a happening part of London and I would have to compliment the reception staff in the hotel as I found them very helpful, friendly and professional throughout. However we did have a most unpleasant experience in the breakfast room on the first morning of our stay. We had mistakenly believed that breakfast was included on our room rate (We had paid €280 for our 2 night stay). My girlfriend and I proceeded to the self service breakfast selection and selected a few pieces of fruit and resumed our seats. Within seconds the restaurant manager asked us what our room number was. After giving it to him he checked it out and informed us that breakfast was not included with that room rate. I was a little surprised but nonetheless apologised and asked him to charge it to the room subject to me asking for the price. He then informed us in a dismissive manner that it would be £21.50 each for a full breakfast. We told him that the price was a little excessive and that we would get breakfast elsewhere. As we got up to leave he informed me that he would have to charge us for the few pieces of fruit that we had already consumed coming up with a random figure of £7. I felt totally humilated and embarrassed by the whole incicident especially as this was taking place in full view of a semi full breakfast room. I really thought it mean spirited to charge me for eating a few pieces of fruit that had been eated in error. It really left a bitter taste in my mouth and I for one will not be hurry back to this hotel and I will advise friends and colleagues accordingly.	
May 31 2009 	Excellent	Great hotel. Clean, modern, spacious with great service.Worth getting the breakfast included price.Convenient to Tube - 2 mins walkOverall excellent - would recomend and would certainly stay again	
May 24 2009 	Oh dear - Something just missing from this hotel	Stayed there for 2 nights. It isn't the same as Jury's used to be. Yes the hotel is pretty and well located and the new room decor is good but there is just something wrong with the service here. Few things:1. On check in I had to ask about the £25 credit for food and drink that I received with the package I bought - that should have been pointed out to me I felt 2 No TV remote control in the room - this should have been checked as part of the room servicing. In fairness they sent one up within 15 mins3, The safe didn't work - that couldn't be corrected until the next morning4. The handle of the door was broken and came off in my hand - much panic as I tried to get the handle back on again so I could get the door opened. I reported this but it wasn't fixed over the weekend and we had to be careful it didn't come off again.5. Breakfast was average for this sort of hotel. On the second morning we came down late (but before breakfast ended) and were not offered a cooked breakfast - neithe rof us was particulalry hungry so we didn't push it but it seems strange that the staff may have been trying to avoid any more cooking.6. On check out, we were charged for room service food. Fair enough but the famous £25 food credit was not deducted from the bill - again I had to ask for the credit to be applied. There was no apology for this attempt to overcharge.All in all this hotel has a great location and nice decor but it is missing a service quality that you would expect for the price. Staff are polite and friendly but are just not with it in terms of service focus.Disappointing as I liked to stay in these hotels under their own names. I think I will look at the more consistent brands like Marriott in the future.	
May 24 2009 	Did not disappoint	It is very difficult to choose a hotel without prior recommendation. I am so glad that we chose this hotel. I found the room and decor most pleasing. The service in the bar and restaurant was excellent, the staff were so welcoming and attentive. From the moment we arrived to book in the delight of the refreshing flannel in reception the room and the meal in the restuarant, it made our stay in London very enjoyable. The Lazy stay deal is so worth while I recommend it to all. Thank you, we will certainly return and recommend this hotel to others.	
May 23 2009 	Excellent hotel	We have just returned from an overnight stay at the Bloomsbury. We found an offer on line which gave us a late checkout (2pm) and breakfast included for a very good price. We found the hotel very easy to get to and just a few minutes walk from the British Museum. The rooms weren't quite ready but the staff were very friendly and took our bags while we wandered off for a bit of sightseeing. We returned 45 mins later and were given the key to our room and told our bags would follow. After an initla hiccup getting to the room we walked in and were very impressed. The room was a standard double room and was small but beuatifully decorated. Very clean with all the facilities needed. There was a nice big flatscreen TV - with speakers in the bathroom so you need not miss anything! The bed was one of the comfiest hotel beds I've ever stayed in and the shower was lovely to. We had booked a set 3 course dinner as we had tickets for the Albert Hall so wanted to eat first. The meal was excellent and the service from the staff was also excellent. We didn't feel rushed at all and they were constantly around to see to our every need. The morning breakfast was also very good with a continetal style buffet option as well as a full English ordered from the kitchen. The presentation and choice was great.Checkout was easy and very quick. All in all an excellent stay and worth every penny. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone want to sight see around London. It is central but also quiet.	
May 21 2009 	Good location - facilities disappointing	Starting with the positive - the location was very central. We stayed three nights and walked everywhere we went - the Globe Theatre, Covent Garden, Prince of Wales Theatre, Millennium Bridge, Westminster ...Foyer and Reception areas were spacious. We didn't eat there so can't comment on the restaurant or breakfast facilities.Our room was on the 7th floor so we took the lift. A couple of times we had to physically push the door the last couple of centimetres to get it to close so that the lift would move. We always arrived safely but it was a rather creaky journey.The room itself was small but ok for our needs. One small window, looking out onto a dingy area between rooms. Other reviewers have commented on the lack of space for clothes - one rail with 4 hangers and a narrow shelf in the wardrobe. Again, for 3 nights it was ok - I would think it would be difficult if you were staying a week or more.The room had a good sized flat-screen TV, a mini-bar style fridge which couldn't be used for storing your own bottled water etc. and tea and coffee making facilities. There was a selection of teabags (but only 2 of each variety, so once I had made a pot of tea on arrival I had used up all the &quot;standard&quot; teabags), coffee, 2 small cartons of UHT milk (again, used for the initial drink), 2 small cartons of UHT cream and a pack of Shortbread Fingers. I expect Housekeeping would have brought more if I had rung them, but initial supplies did seem a little sparse.Our main problem was with the shower. The bathroom was smartly decorated with a good sized shower, hand basin and toilet. The shower was of the &quot;wet room&quot; style, with a central drain but no shower tray as such. &quot;Wet room&quot; was a very apt description, as whenever we used the shower, the entire bathroom floor got very wet indeed. After the first time, we had to paddle through about 2cm of water to get to the bathroom door or to get to the loo! We spent some time mopping this up with towels and the next time we used the shower, took the precaution of rolling up the bath mat and wedging it at the foot of the fixed glass partition. This reduced the quantity of excess water sloshing around the room, although we still needed to mop up. Eventually we decided just to have showers in the morning, turning the water off as quickly as possible and hope that Room Service could deal with the aftermath. The water did eventually drain away but it was a very slow process. As we didn't pay the full price for our room, I presume we were given one of the poorer rooms in the hotel and I felt the facilities were adequate. Had I paid the full rate or been staying longer, I would have complained about the shower and asked to move.I would consider staying there again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.	
May 16 2009 	Highly recommended	A very nice hotel in the perfect location for business or pleasure in London. Elegant decor in rooms and public spaces. A warm welcome at reception with refreshing towels. Very comfortable and well equiped bedroom, I had a wonderful nights sleep. Breakfast was good: wide variety but service a little slow. I will certainly stay here again on my next visit to London.	
May 9 2009 	Superb Hotel	Booked the Bloomsbury via Travelzoo and got a great deal, £105 inc vat, B&amp;B and a 15% discount in the restaurant (not that i had dinner in there). Booked the hotel due to this deal and its location, Tottenham Court Road tube is just around the corner and only 15 mins from Victoria where we went to the theatre. The Lutyens designed hotel looks lovely from the outside and doesnt dissapoint on the inside. We were greeted at reception with a hot flannel, which was most welcome after negotiating the tubes, the friendly receptionist checked us in with minimal fuss and off we went to our room.The hotel has recently been refurbished by the new owners and our room was nicely decorated and had a large flat screen tv and the heated bathroom floor was a nice touch too.The room did feel a little small which was probably due to it being an end room and the view out of the window was of a wall, which wasnt great - felt like there were probably nicer rooms in the hotel but certainly wouldnt complain, it was nice enough and got a great deal anyway so wasnt too bothered by the size or lack of view.Bed was comfy although the misses siggested it was a little too soft for her.Breakfast was super with buffet cereals, fruits and pastries and plated hot food also available - Id recommend the kippers, they were lovely.Check out was at 12 which was nice as didnt have to rush out/Overall a great hotel in a great location, id definately recommend.	
May 5 2009 	So Glad We Chose This Hotel	Before booking this hotel i had read a few mixed reviews here on Trip Advisor. I decided that i would give it a go anyway as some people really rated the hotel.Upon arriving too early to check in, the concierge was more than happy to store our luggage so we could explore for a little while before checking in. The hotel is well placed for the tube Tottenham Court Road which is literally two minutes walk around the corner. However if you prefer to walk, Covent Garden, Soho, Oxford Street, Trafalgar Square and all the attractions are within short walks.When returning to check in to the hotel it quick and easy.The hotel its self has recently undergone a big refurbishment and was stunning, the reception/lobby area was very grand. We booked a Deluxe Double with a Queen Bed and were very impressed with the room. The room was very modern, with a huge widescreen TV at the bottom of the bed, walk in wardrobe, and modern bathroom which even had a flat screen in the bath! Simply Gorgeous!One the last night of our stay we used the hotels room service facility, and it was lovely food and good value for money. This was my first time in London and I will definitely be returning to this hotel. Loved London but thought this hotel made our weekend.Anyone reading the bad reviews on this hotel saying about noise from construction i can confirm on my stay i heard nothing and the hotel was very peaceful.Well worth a stay!	
May 4 2009 	to good but need more?	This is my 3rd time, with this hotel .New name for hotel.The Bloomsbury Hotel.My borther books for me. this time it was my brithday. New rooms are very nice,New bar and Landseer’s fabulous modern restaurant. The best staff in bar, the indian guy , staff know my name and my drink. best service,I was not happy with front desk, i had to wait for long to get my room and when i got my room, my room key was not working . small thing but.......I will come back with my family and friends thank you so much for looking after use.	
Apr 24 2009 	Fantastic stay at One of the Best located Hotels in London	We enjoyed a weekend at the Bloomsbury Hotel, its a very nice hotel that has only just been renovated. Who ever thought it out thought of everything even down to being able to plug your laptop into the large flat screen in the room... Beautiful rooms, which are very large by London standards, a swanky coffee maker and some nice furnishings... Overall the Staff were very helpful and the hotel was within minutes walk of the west end for easy access to the theatre and some pretty good bars and restaurants... I have stayed at a few hotels in London - including some of the big names - but to be honest next time im going straight for the Bloomsbury - be mad not to...	
Apr 22 2009 	FINE HOTEL UNTIL THE BILL	The hotel was one we had wanted to stay at for some time and finally got the opportunity. Though small in size and with a rather small window the room was wonderfully appointed. The hotel, one block from Tottenham Court Station could not be better located. However, when we paid the bill there was a telephone charge for 27 British Pounds. We had made ONE call to a relative's cellular phone and that was the source of the charge. That it was a cellular phone came as a surprise. As did the 2.5 Pound / minute charge. The amount to be charged was not listed or bear the room's phone. Instead it was part of the small print inside a policy book in the night-table drawer. We have written to the hotel's management but, as yet, have received no reply. If you stay at this hotel and do not have your own cellular, take care.	
Apr 17 2009 	Mixed feelings.	First, the good:The location is great. Quiet yet central - easy walking to most things, easy access to public transit for the rest. Also handy to many restaurants, theatres, and shopping.The rooms have recently been refurbished and are very lovely. Nice bathrooms, comfortable beds, and fairly spacious.The price is not bad if you can get one of the deals. Public spaces are very pleasant and have a quiet personality. There is also a good room service menu available I think around the clock, which is nice. The free wi-fi access is also much appreciated.Now onto the not-so-good:The rooms have some real practicality issues. For example, there is insufficient space for clothing for two people; the fridge is vending-machine style and cannot be used; the air conditioning system was terribly noisy; and while the shampoo and bath gel provided are lovely, it seems strange to leave out lotion, which is more practical than bath gel.The real issue, though, was the little things. For example, on check-in (to our deluxe room), we were asked which paper we'd like in the morning. On check-out, it turned out that we were charged for the paper. We were gld to have had the paper, but this approach is bad in principle and will irk many people out of returning. Also, one of the reasons we'd chosen the dexlue room was for the nespresso cofee. On arrival, however, while the coffee machine was indeed there, they did not have the coffee, and simply handed us packets of instant coffee to make wiht a kettle. Another little thing that is bad for inspiring repeat business. Similarly, the desk staff were very friendly but very, very inefficient. They were unable to answer fairly basic questions, and unable to find fairly basic information even after ten minutes on the internet. We eventually had to use our international cel phones to phone a local grocery store, for example, to enquire as to their hours. again, a little thing, but in this business, it's the little things that count.It is a fine hotel, and I would likely recommend it to friends who didn't travel much. But for me - there are better.	
Apr 16 2009	Perfect Location to be in the heart of the action!	Booked this hotel for a theatre break with my mother. The location was fantastic, you could pretty much walk to Convent Garden, Leicester Square, Oxford St. etc within a few mins. It is an especially good location for those who are going to the theatre. We saw Jersey Boys - which was awesome! (again walking distance)The hotel were very efficient and very friendly - no complaints. The room was very small but perfectly formed - the location offset that by a million miles. What do you want for a 3 night break? The continental breakfast was delicious and the choice was more than substantial I would highly recommend this hotel for a weekend break - I would certainly return again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great location for city break to London	We stayed in this hotel over Easter and had a great time. We got a great offer of 3 nights for the price of 2 and was well worth it. The room was small enough but that is to be expected in central London. However, they had been recently redecorated to a high standard - even had underfloor heating in the bathroom! Location wise, it was great- central to everything- we walked to Covent Garden, Leister Square, Picadilly, Oxford Street etc. We didn't avail of breakfast as it was £15 per person, but there was a lovely little cafe just beside the place where a nice english breakfast was £5.00. We were beside the Dominion Theatre and saw We will Rock You musical, but there's loads of other theatres near by.I would recommend the hotel, but don't expect the staff to be overly friendly- but thats sometimes the norm in the big cities..though the bar man was really nice and friendly and a dab hand at the auld speciality cocktails!!	
Apr 14 2009	Nice hotel disappointing room	I stayed in this hotel during a short visit to London.The Hotel is very elegant, the location is great, very close to Tottenham Court Road.The room (706) had all the amenities, even free Internet but:it was very tiny, the only window opened to a closed space and the flow of water in the shower was very weak.I'm not sure that this room represents the hotel but if they sell it, it their responsibilty.	
Nov 25 2009 	situation excellente		
Oct 5 2009 	estremamente comodo		
Aug 22 2009 	Excelente hotel y ubicación		
Aug 14 2009 	Eccellente !		
Jul 14 2009 	Une climatisation tres bruyante		
Jun 4 2009 	In una parola: stre-pi-to-so!		
May 25 2009 	Nel cuore di Londra		
