Aug 8 2009 	Excellent restaurant and a great wedding location	We stayed in this hotel for the last day of July and first 2 days of August. I found the staff polite and efficient, and the restaurant staff were particularly charming. The service is what I would describe as European/British, in that they don't beam at you like they're your new best friend, but we didn't mind; the American type strikes us as fake. Guests used to Californian beaming may need to factor that in. It's a cultural difference.The food was beautiful. I would particularly recommend the telapia, a fish I'd never had before. It was advertised as spicy, but came covered in a creamy sauce, which wasn't listed on the menu. They were very quick to produce another one for me, as I am allergic to dairy products. When I pointed out that it would be a good idea to list the presence of a creamy sauce, the waiter completely agreed with me.Our room was European sized; that is, perfectly adequate to stay in, not supersized to walk around in. A room is for sleeping in, not hanging out in.Yes, toiletries are basic, but as long as you bring conditioner, you can use it as hair conditioner and body lotion, and even shaving lotion. (Top tip!).The manager was firm but fair about moving us to the residents' bar at 1 am, and he did the same the second night for a different wedding party. We were in room 406 and couldn't hear anything after 1 am. I would suggest asking for a quiet room if you are a light sleeper.It seems to be popular with wedding parties, so if an early night is important to you, it's perhaps advisable to check in advance if there is a wedding on that week.The beds are not very wide, but we had a duvet, not blankets, and they were comfortable. I imagine the rooms might be uncomfortable in a heatwave, but they were fine at 25 degrees celsius.The gardens are absolutely beautiful and it was a lovely location for a wedding. We milled around outside before going in to dinner, which was very relaxing.I did find the air conditioning in the restaurant excessively cold, but Americans might like it, as I think they are more used to it. The one tiny quibble I had was that when I found a hair in my glass of water, the waitress who took it away merely said 'oh', rather than 'I'm sorry, I'll replace it right away'. She did replace it; she just didn't seem to think it was a big deal. (In fairness, she was very young).The 208 bus route opposite Bromley south rail station has a stop at the end of the hotel drive and it's even announced. If you had lots of bags you might find the drive steep, but you couldn't miss it.I had a lovely weekend there, and would recommend it, particularly for the food.	
Jul 31 2009 	A Nice Hotel in Kent	A nice, simple hotel with clean (if not a little small) rooms which provide everything the ordinary traveller needs. The staff were courteous, and the included full English breakfast was excellent (especially when followed by a gentle stroll through the gardens afterwards.) Located close to the centre of Bromley (about a 5 pound taxi fare), it is in a quiet and secluded. You might not rave about it, but I doubt if you will find anything significant to complain about either. A nice hotel in Kent!	
May 26 2009 	Quite adequate for a weekend stay	We stayed at the Bromley for the weekend as we were attending a relatives wedding. On first impression I was very disappointed as the reception carpet was very stained and grubby. However we were impressed with cleanliness of the room and the Garden Restaurant where we had breakfast. The staff were extremely friendly &amp; helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The gardens are a credit to the gardeners they are beautifully designed and well kept. I would certainly recommend it if anybody was thinking of holding a wedding reception there. Providing they changed the stained reception carpet.	
Dec 7 2008 	Stunningly unfriendly staff	I stayed here as part of an overnight &quot;awayday&quot; with work colleagues. The hotel is a pleasant enough place, the facilities are all good and it is set in lovely grounds. The restaurant is situated in a massive convervatory and was a really nice place to have our evening meal.The food was perfectly acceptable, the conference facilites were fine and my bedroom though average, was of a perfectly good standard. Service was what you would expect but with a big, big catch. Why, why, why are the staff in this place so miserable and unfriendly? Is it a management issue I wonder? I stay in quite a few hotels and from the biggest chains to the smallest guest house pretty well all staff will acknowledge you with a greeting. I like this and to me it is part of the deal when you part with chunks of cash for an over-night stay. But at the Bromley Court the best I can say is that the staff did their job and that was it - no more. No smiles, no cheery words, nothing.This one thing means that I won't be going there again and neither will my company.	
Sep 18 2008 	small but nice	stayed here as i was visiting family in the area-the hotel room was small but had everything you needed.at night the room was very hot even with a fan on! brekfast was lovely a large selection of foods!would def recomment this hotel to other friends.	
Sep 5 2008 	Clean friendly hotel	We are currently staying at the Bromley Court Hotel for one month due to sale of our house and not having found another one we like enough to want to buy. The room is on the top floor in the new wing and one of the larger rooms on offer with a dividing wall between the bedroom and the dressing/study area. The staff are extremely helpful and polite. They are happy to cook anything for you for breakfast if you ask them. The quality of the food is good. The bed is 4' 6&quot; which is small for us but there are plenty of rooms with queen and king size beds. We chose our room because of the quiet situation and made a compromise on the bed which only took a couple of nights to get used to. The rooms are cleaned well each day with the beds changed every other day. Towels are changed daily. There is an ironing room with non steam irons which is a bit difficult but okay in an emergency.The hotel has grounds of about 2 acres which makes a feeling of spaciousness and of course there is somewhere to walk on a fine day. It is unusual to find a hotel with such helpful, kind staff who are eager to please in London.	
Feb 15 2008 	Basic chain hotel	I stay here several times a year as my company is based in Bromley. I have looked for decent accomodation in the area but have not yet found anything good. So I end up at the Bromley CourtThis hotel is in a residential area so a taxi is advisable at night from the town centre. This usually means that meals need to be taken in the hotel. They are quite expensive and very average. Room service is good - decent sandwiches nicely presented. Breakfast is better - usual buffet with a reasonable selection.The rooms are generally small in the newer section and large in the old section. The bathrooms are OK. Beds are soft and have the usual brown blankets (ugh!) and no duvets. No wi-fi but an internet connection is provided at a priceReception staff generally helpful - booking taxis etc.The hotel is OK but nothing to write home about.	
Oct 23 2007 	needs updating in areas	The first room i was allocated smelt of smoke even though it was a non smoking room- the receptionist moved me without any fuss.The next room was much better but the huge bed turned out to be 2 singles pushed together so had a very uncomfortable join in the middle.The bathroom was lovely &amp; clean &amp; very spacious.The hotel in general is just ok.The stair and hall way carpets need a serious clean &amp; general modernising as this gives the hotel an air of shabbiness. I would stay again for business trips but never for a personal trip.The restaurant was again just ok .I have definatley stayed in better hotels.	
Oct 22 2007 	Small room small bed...	We stayed in this hotel for a weekend with 3 kids. The rooms in the newest wing a really small, but the beds are small too! We had a bed of approx 120X190 cm. Too small for large europeans... Ask always for the large rooms and the large beds.Hotels is very clean, helpful staff. It;s OK for a couple of nights. In the weekend there are often parties at the hotel.	
Sep 17 2007 	OK but nothing special	OK as a business base but wouldn't recommend it for a weekend away. Tucked away in a residential area it's a long walk to the centre. The public areas are ok but the room was small. Breakfast room was light and airy. Room service was prompt and the staff were all helpful and friendly. Happy to stay here if needs must but wouldn't rush back, can't really put my finger on it though. I'd recommend staying in London Victoria and getting one of the regular trains through to Bromley (20mins) as the station is centrally located.	
Sep 3 2007 	Really enjoyed our stay at the Bromley Court.	Only stayed the one night on a Saturday as we were at a family party in the area, but really enjoyed our stay. Staff were polite, friendly and obliging. Our double room with air con was clean comfortable and spacious with a nice view over the gardens. We paid £95 inc. breakfast and booked direct with the hotel. Breakfast was busy, pleasant, plentiful and buffet style (but don't be late as they clear away promptly) in the huge garden restaurant and afterwards we enjoyed sitting out by the fountain on the terrace in the lovely gardens. Having usually stayed in travel inns in London for roughly the same price it was nice to enjoy some outside gardens for a change. Wouldn't hesitate to stay again when next in the area.	
Aug 6 2007 	No complaints at all!	We stayed for 1 night on Saturday night. Check in and out was painless, staff were helpful showing us various parts of the hotel and ordering taxis. The bar in the hotel was busy, but not overly expensive. Room service was quick but as with most hotels quite costly but thats to be expected.Our room was huge! A massive double bed, air con (ask for one of the aircon rooms, very hot) which done the job perfectly, huge window, lovely decor and a nice big bathroom which was spotless! Breakfast was nicely presented in the garden restaurant and you could eat on the terrace if you wished to. Good choice of English cooked breakfast, drinks, cereals and fruit and cakes.We paid £95 including breakfast.	
Jul 23 2007 	Very pleasant but expensive	The room was quite small but very clean and bright. The window was just a slit and overlooked a rubbish bin. The room was well equiped with tea and coffee making facilities, TV, trouser press, fan and internet connection.We did have the opportunity to upgrade but only to a smoking room so we didn't bother. The bathroom was similarly small but spotless and the shower worked OK once I'd woked out how to use it without my glasses!The bed was very comfortable but a bit squeaky and we had a great night's sleep. The room rate included a fine and extensive breakfast, a mixture of hot dishes - eggs, sausages, black pudding, hash browns etc - and the continental style options - rolls, cereals, yogurts, danishes etc. There was also lashings of toast and coffee served at the table. The breakfast is served in the beautiful Garden Restaurant on the first floor. The hotel is located halfway between Downham (down the hill) and Bromley (uphill) and the 208 bus is the only public transport that stops nearby so unless you have a car or a love of buses, I would not recommend it for access to London. In all we had a very pleasant one night stay (a wedding gift) but it was rather expensive for the level of luxury on offer.	
Jun 1 2007 	My 2nd home - But then i have no other options?!?!	I stay at the Bromley Court with work at least 5 or 6 times a year and often for a week at a time. It's always nice and clean but could do with a spruce up.Yak blankets anyone!!!The facilities are OK, and the food is pretty good (for the price) but town is only a 10 minute walk so you do have other options. OK, so walking might sound like an odd option but parking is a nightmare so if you've got a spot - keep it.Air conditioning is only currently in some rooms, although i think they are sorting this. If it's summer you'll ned it.Mixed opinion on this one. I have to stay there, no option really as there's no other hotels nearby and the business I work for has a 2nd office in that area so it's just something i have to do. I wouldn't go there for personal visit but for work it'll do. One word of warning - I usually stay Mondays to Thursdays and all is fine, however the 2 times i have stopped on a Friday night it has been an absolute zoo. Couples screaming at one another at 3-4 in the morning both times.	
Apr 16 2007 	OK Small Room	The room was really small, but we weren't over bothered as we were only there for one (saturday) night. Decor was ok. Bathroom was ok, shower was good, and all was clean, and room was air conditioned. We were a bit bothered by the very small bed, smallest double I've ever been in!!! also had blankets which seemed very old fashioned. We used the gym, very small, 2 running machines, no free weights. good jacuzzi though. Steam room never really got going.We had a sandwich and chips in the bar, was quick service, ok sarnie.The staff were pleasant enough.the hotel is set in quite nice grounds with some views over London.This hotel would be ok for one or two nights, but you wouldn't want to spend too long there.£90 was a bit steep for what it was, but there is little choice in Bromley	
Jun 18 2006 	Small and smelly	I was in Bromley as I was working in the area and had to dine out to cement the business relationship and had been invited to stay by the client, as our meetings continued the next day. It saved me an hour and a half each way but I still wished I’d gone home. I couldn’t work out how a hotel so far from the centre of London needed to have rooms quite so charmlessly minute. I haven’t stayed anywhere with so little personal space since I was a student. There were two single beds but they were so close together, that you could almost imagine you were in a double, until you fell down the gap, and the walls were so close that a fertile imagination could easily imagine that you were in a cupboard. The window (small, of course) was open when I arrived – and stayed open throughout my short stay. At least when I mentioned this the staff didn’t question me and even deducted £15 from the £85 bill.I had stayed on a Saturday (when there had been a large and drunken wedding in progress) and Sunday breakfast was the traditional English buffet – sausage, bacon, egg etc, great if you like that sort of institutional thing. The setting was a touch institutional too, a large dining room, echoing to the sound of chewing food, rustling newspapers and people trying to “enjoy” themselves. Breakfast in bed is sadly not an option as the room is so small it would either be you or the tray.On the plus side there is a pretty garden and the smelly room had views to a distant London, through that little window.	
Jul 4 2008 	Classique à l'Anglaise		
