	Bargain hotel with no frills	7 Tennis fans travelled to London and wanted to stay in a budget hotel that was cheap and cheerful and most importantly - clean! Well it was cheap, not so cheerful and it was clean. The rooms were en suite (v basic but ok). Bedding was clean and rooms an ok size. The breakfast was basic but kind of what you expect for £25pp. The hotel is handy for the tube but that's about it..it's a good half hour by taxi to the centre of London (1 hour to the 02 arena). We'd recommend it for a 1 night stay in London for anyone not that bothered about having sausages, bacon and hash browns for breakfast.	
Nov 26 2009 	Excellent Value for Money	I was meeting an old friend whom I hadn't seen for years in London and decided to travel up the night before and stay over so I would be fresh for our catch up the following day. I was very much travelling on a budget and after doing a fair bit of research, found the Dover Hotel online and booked at their non refundable advance rate of £50 for a double en suite room for sole occupancy. The hotel was very centrally located just around the corner from the bus and train station and had a 24 hour reception. It was extremely clean and comfortable though very basic. It was exactly what I wanted but I would not recommend for anyone looking for luxury accommodation. The room was small and the bathroom was tiny but it was exactly what I needed and I will be using it again the next time I go to London. The only suggestions I would have for improvements would be to provide bigger bath towels and for the staff to respond to emails. While I was there, all the staff I met were absolutely lovely but I was a bit annoyed that prior to arrival I had sent two emails with queries about the area and facilities and both were ignored. I work in a budget hotel in Bristol myself and I think in our type of establishment, customer service needs to go above and beyond. I would certainly be having words with any of my staff who ignored emails. However, I really don't want to end on a negative since I had such a lovely stay there. Would definitely recommend to any travellers on a budget or women travelling alone who want to stay in a place where they will immediately feel safe and looked after.	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent location good value.	We stopped there for one night as we needed a budget hotel around the Pimlico area. We paid £55 through last minute but you can get it down to about £50 if you book direct. We did not expect a lot as we knew it was a budget hotel so went fully warned after reading some of the reviews. The room we stayed in was small - a double bed with a small double wardrobe, a dressing table, small bedside table &amp; about a 17&quot;LCD TV mounted on the wall. The bathroom was very small with the shower enclosure just having a curtain around it and a tiny basin with toilet also in the room. The main thing I look for in a hotel is for the rooms &amp; bathroom to be clean and the Dover Hotel did not disappoint me as I could not complain about the cleanliness.Breakfast in the morning consisted of cereals, toast, juice and tea/coffee. Again we knew this as we read reviews but you could have as much cereals you wanted and can always ask for more toast! The service we had was very good and the staff were always polite. The location is also excellent as it is only 5 minutes or so from Victoria tube station.Would I stay there again? If I was after a budget hotel I would certainly give it strong consideration. I think the price we paid was about right and there would be no way I would pay the rack rate of about £95. If you want a budget hotel that is clean with a decent level of service then you won't go far wrong but expect small rooms and limited breakfast.	
Oct 26 2009 	Would not stay there again!	Not very clearn, could hardly turn around in the room let alone put our luggage anywhere. Had to climb up 5 flights of stairs.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good price good location	Rooms were more than decent for the price we paid as they were on average bigger than the usual cramped spaces offered by similar hotels in the same area. Reception was helpful when needed. The location is good too as the hotel is just a 13 min walk from the underground. It is also near Sainsbury and some decent restaurants. The only negatives are that there are no lifts and the toom decorations seem to be from two generations ago.	
Aug 31 2009	Good Budget Hotel	We stayed at the Dover Hotel for two nights. The staff were kind and helpful. The location is excellent, only 5-10 minutes walk from the Victoria Coach and Train Stations. The breakfast was simple which included toast, cereals, juices and coffee/tea and for the price we paid this was excellent. The rooms are a little dated and small, but they were clean and tidy. The bathroom was very small with a shower. We would stay at this hotel again, but only for a short stay. i.e. 2-4 nights. It is a good budget hotel and an ideal place to stay if you wish to explore London.	
Jul 26 2009 	Small Room Good Location	Location: Very close to Victoria Station, short walk to streets with restaurants and stores. Convenience store right around the corner which is convenient.Rooms: We were very surprised at how small the room was. Double bed with a nightstand squeezed in, barely any room to walk anywhere once we had our two bags on the floor. A few hangers provided, kettle and tea provided, no air conditioning in our room, small window with no screen, flat screen tv and free internet. We had no toilet in our room, it was just a shared bathroom on the top floor. The room did have a sink and small shower, but because it was such a small space, it wasn't comfortable to move around other than sleep. There were probably larger rooms in the hotel, but the room we were in would maybe be better suited for a single traveller.Service: The staff at the front desk were very friendly. Breakfast was served in the basement, dining room was very small. The breakfast included juice, coffee, cereal and toast, which was somehow cold by the time it was served, even though the kitchen was right beside the dining room.Overall, while the service and location were good, we wouldn't stay here again, as it felt more like a hostel than a hotel, and the price didn't suit the room we were given.	
Jul 6 2009	A 16th birthday treat for my daughter	I decided to take my daughter to London for a theatre break for her 16th birthday. I didn't go for the usual 'show and hotel' package, instead booked everything separately as I had limited funds. I booked the Dover Hotel in Belgrave Road, Victoria after reading reviews on TA. I had already booked 2 cheap flights with Ryanair (£28 rtn) so we were good to go. We stayed for 3 days - Monday to Wednesday (29 June - 1st July) and crammed a lot in! The hotel was as described in TA - basic but clean and that's all I wanted really. We spent very little time in it as we were out all day sightseeing as my daughter had never been before. The owners were very friendly and helped us with directions. At breakfast the women serving were also very nice. Breakfast was - again - basic but what you would have at home, fruit juice, cereals, tea/coffee and toast. Near the hotel was Victoria Shopping Mall which has a food court on the upper floor so if we were hungry there was plenty of choice nearby. On the Monday after checking in to the hotel, we decided to have a look around. We went to a couple of ticket booths to price tickets for 'Wicked' and ended up getting two for the stalls for the Tuesday evening performance at the brilliant price of £32.50 each - 4 rows from the front! We then just wandered round the capital - from Buckingham Palace, through Green Park and up to Fortnum and Mason's and Piccadilly Circus. We had our dinner at TGi Fridays where they sang Happy Birthday to my daughter and presented her with a huge slice of hot chocolate fudge cake with a candle in it - she looked embarrassed but I think she really enjoyed it! On the Tuesday we decided we would go for a bus tour with the Big Bus Company - well worth it for anyone who really wants to see the capital - but opt for the blue tour with the headphones as it goes out round Kensington, whereas the red tour doesn't appear to do that (according to the map). As you can hop on and off, we were able to spend more time at particular places - e.g Trafalgar Square, etc. Tuesday night was spent in the Apollo Theatre - the show was amazing! On Wednesday, we went to Covent Garden where there was a real mix of performers. Bearing in mind that this was one of the hottest days so far this year they all were brilliant and their shows were definitely worth seeing! All in all we had a great time shopping and sightseeing. We came home exhausted but happy and apparently this was her best birthday ever! Proof that the capital doesn't have to cost an arm and a leg to enjoy it!	
Jun 7 2009 	Have stayed in nicer hostels.	Unfortunately, we did not read these reviews before we booked our two-night stay at The Dover Hotel. With a busy schedule of touring London in 3 days, thankfully we were only at our hotel to sleep. The bathroom was by far the most unacceptable aspect of our stay. It was tiny and reminiscent of a bathroom unit in a camper. When the shower is used the entire bathroom floods. We booked the family style room, which was large enough, but I wouldn’t recommend it. Privacy was nonexistent and the only changing area was the miniature flooded bathroom. Having a room on ground level with no air conditioning was nerve racking. We were more than hesitant to leave our bar less window open for fresh air at night. It was extremely unnerving to be required to turn in the room key at the front desk every time you left the building. Especially when the personnel could not be held accountable for any personal items left in the room. In addition, when picking up our room key the concierge never asked for verification of who we were or what room we were staying in. So, in theory anyone could just come in, pick a room number and have instant access. The only positive aspect of The Dover Hotel was how conveniently close it was located to Victoria Station. Save your money and sanity!	
May 17 2009 	Much more than I anticipated!	We just left this morning, and had a very pleasant stay. It is definitely budget accommodation- the beds are older, there are some holes where appliances have been moved, and it's very tiny. You could shower sitting on the toilet. But it's a great price and location in central London, clean and safe. And the service was excellent, everyone was very friendly and helpful. I'd stay again! Also, be aware that Belgrave Road is bit noisy at night- bring earplugs if you're a light sleeper.	
May 6 2009 	Perfect	The price, the location, the staff, the rooms - all of it absolutely perfect. Thank you	
Apr 5 2009	A gem for the budget traveller	My mother and I having left the Tudor Inn hotel as it was too dirty to stay in, brought our bags down the street and began our search for alternative accommodation. Our first stop was the Dover Hotel. The staff were friendly and helpfull, allowing us to view the room before deciding. The room was small but spotless. The shower room also tiny, but again spotless with clean towels supplied. The room had been cleaned and aired.. Breakfast was plain, but the staff were very friendly and there was plenty of food to set you up for the day. The staff gave directions to Victoria station and offered any other tourist information we may need. They were courteous and helpfull. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to tour London on a budget. Clean, friendly and cheap hotel near all amenities.	
Dec 6 2008 	Great value for money at the Dover hotel London	Hi, Just spent one night at the dover hotel in a family room . Excellent value for money. The room cost as little as £100 for 5 people. Breakfast was toast, cereal,fruit juice and hot drinks. The room was very clean and tidy. The staff were extremely pleasent and helpfull. Our room was in the basement so lacked view , but for £20 each you cannot complain whatsoever. If all you want is a cheap place to sleep, that is in central London, you cannot go wrong with this hotel. It is located 5 mins walk from Victoria station/ underground, perfect for sight seeing. Also the Garrick Theatre is located here. Will definetly stay here again and recommend to friends and family. Miss Silcock	
Nov 7 2008 	THE WOST EVER	JUDY AUG 2008 AUSTRALIAThis is the worst hotel i have ever stayed in and i have traveled all over the uk and europe.I am not hard to please as long as i have a clean room and bed,the bed you could feel every spring in the old mattress the room was nothing like you see on the net ,it was old no room to move tv didn't work ,the worst i have ever stayed in horrible old shower and toilet ,how anyone can say anything nice about this hotel can not be telling the truth.Believe all the bad reports because there is nothing good about it ,this hotel should not be allowed to operate and i don,t have any axe to grind.I only stayed one night and found other accommodation.	
Oct 21 2008 	LOOK NO FURTHER - Australians This is it	We stayed 2 nights in a &quot; 4 star&quot; hotel(will not name) near Victoria Station- it was a dump with a high price tag (organised by our agent) - We organised Dover weeks prior to leaving Australia without seeing, communication was excellent and reassuring.The Dover was :*Clean light airy*Staff professional ,helpful ,courteous,knowledgeable and accessible for any enquiry.*Location ,quiet and could not ask for better as only a 4 minute walk from Victoria Station.*Food/Dining room as much as you wanted and fresh*Hot and cold running water perfect*Wakeup call and messages collected*Larger bus companies DO pick up from there.*Internet available when required.*Budget on price but not on experience.Will return when able and will refer to anyone we know.	
Oct 14 2008 	Over-Priced for What It Has to Offer	We booked this hotel directly on their website after its recommendation on a touristic guide we bought for our trip. We checked the reviews and thought it was a good option, however the experience was not that good. The people at the front desk were nice and at least our room was clean (other guests were not very happy though), but the room was amazingly tiny and uncomfortable. The bed was very narrow, we booked a double bed but I think this one was not a normal double bed. Needless to say we didn't get much sleep there. We had a bathroom in our room, which was nice, but again, it was amazingly tiny. Breakfast was acceptable although not very abundant. Finally, the location was not that good, nothing that interesting around the area. If the location is important I would suggest to look into the 10+ other hotel options along the same road (Belgrave Road), they seemed to be nicer. For the most part we felt that this hotel is much over-priced for what it has to offer.	
Sep 5 2008 	In the center of London but not so good...	Hi, I've been to Dover Hotel in August. The location is excellent, if you like to walk, in a few minutes you can get to the basic attractions (Parliament, London Eye, etc). The staff is kind.The accomodations are not so good. The hotel is very old, the carpet and courtains terrible if you have alergy. The rooms are very narrow. The numbem 4 doesn't have ventilation. The bathroom, if you can call it so, is horrible. It is difficult even to take a shower. Don't trust the photos in the site, it's not even close to you are going to find.Comming back to London I'd rather pay a litte more and stay in a better place.	
Aug 27 2008 	Short On Room-I-Ness ... High On Price!	On my most recent visit to London, I stayed at the Dover Hotel near Victoria Station ... its' location was in a quieter area of the city.The double room I occupied was confined and limited in space with adequate lighting. The small size of the room didn't justify the hotel room rate charged to yours truly.I also had an issue with the morning breakfast service. No smiles or &quot;good morning&quot; wishes were you greeted with! Looking at making a change in this area would most certainly brighten up the morning mood.I will not be returning to the Dover Hotel when in London next and would recommend that you consider staying elsewhere. Your hotel choices are unlimited and in many cases much more affordable and pleasant.	
Aug 25 2008 	Loved it	We stayed at this hotel as I needed one close to Victotia station during a short stop over in London. Its proximity to the station makes this hotel very advantageous and expensive. I was lucky to be given a room at ground floor level as I requested that I preferred one during my booking. However other rooms have no lift and that could pose a problem to most. The room was cosy, clean and quite welcoming. I would have preferred an English breakfast, being in England, rather than a continental one consisting of toast and cereals. My stay here was quite enjoyable though and think that most of the bad reviews this hotel gets is due to over-demanding customers, or ones that stayed at higher levels with no lift.	
Jul 10 2008 	Theft was the last straw	Although the room was clean and the staff was cordial, I cannot say anything else positive about our experience. The room was the smallest I've ever experienced. It was on the 4th floor and there was no lift, nor was any help offered carrying our luggage up. I could feel the individual springs through the old mattress. The lack of air conditioning required that the window be left open to the busy, noisy street below. Breakfast was nothing special, offering only toast or dry cereal along with juice/coffee. All this would have been tolerable, but then my new MP3 player was stolen by someone at the hotel who had access to our room. The staff provided no concession and barely an apology for this theft, so that was the last straw. I would strongly recommend avoiding this hotel.	
Jul 1 2008 	Warning! A Rat Hole!!!!	Shame on you Expedia for allowing customers to book a room through you. This place was horrible! I thought that all I really needed was a clean room, warm bed and a place to shower, the Dover Hotle...uh....Hostel...was not it. How it received 2 stars is beyond me. The room was filthy, ripped curtains, water spots where the ceiling had leaked, mold growing in the toilet, the cloth shower curtains had old globs of shampoo on it (oh, bring your own shampoo they do not provide it), layers of dust..... I refused to take a shower all three nights I stayed here and honestly wanted to leave my dream vacation to London because the room was terrible. There is no elevator and the stairs are narrow and steep. This place is beyond a dump. There must be no building codes or Health Department inspections in London, otherwise this place would not be in existence. Do not stay here!	
Jun 4 2008 	Budget accommodation	We booked and paid for this accommodation (non refundable) before we started using trip advisor and were very apprehensive after reading the comments. Overall we had no problems with this stay. The position was great. 5 minutes from the Victoria train station and an easy 20 minute walk to Westminster Bridge past some great pubs. The hotel provides 24 hour front desk cover and the staff were helpful. What can you expect for 100 pound in London. The room was very basic, small but clean and some street noise. We had a room for three which was a real squeeze. The breakfast was basic but adequate. Compared to our later experience with B&amp;Bs through the UK, this is very no frills hotel but you get what you pay for and it was all part of the adventure.	
May 13 2008 	Value for money	I stupidly tried to get the last train home to Brighton after my hen party in London one Friday night.... and of course missed it. I wandered around for about an hour, trying to find a National Express bus home, and then trying to find a hotel room for the night. The hotels around Victoria station were very expensive, most of them £200 - £300 for the night (I only needed a few hours!) Finally, a nice woman at the reception of a big hotel told me about Belgrave Road, a few blocks away from Victoria, where there are lots of little B&amp;Bs and guest hotels. Hallelujah! I stumbled down there, and after knocking on a few doors of places that were full, I came across the Dover Hotel, which had one room left. It was £45 (I had no idea you could actually get a hotel room for this cheap in Central London!), and the man behind the desk was very friendly. Despite being a drunk and strangely dressed woman alone in the middle of the night, I felt quite safe right away in this hotel. My room was on the top floor, and had an en suite bathroom. The bed was comfortable, and the room was clean. I was very very impressed that I'd found somewhere this decent for £45 in London! I've stayed similar places in London and paid three times that much! I didn't try breakfast, as I was still dressed in my hen party costume the next morning and had to do the walk of shame out of there.... but at least I didn't have to spend the night on a park bench! I've now recommended it to my friends and family who need to stay in London on a budget - it's good value for money!	
Apr 13 2008 	Dover was just great!	We stayed at the Dover Hotel in London for 5 nights in March 2008. Hotel was very clean. The room was small, but clean. It was always neatly made up with fresh towels each day when we returned. The beds were comfortable.The staff were friendly and accomodating. The front desk is manned all night. The location of the hotel is the best -- excellent for getting around to see all the sights - approx 2 blocks from Victoria station, where you can get on the tube or catch buses. One street over we found plenty of restaurants, affordable, good food. There was also a market nearby (next block) where we could get all sorts of snacks, fresh fruit etc. Breakfast was basic - coffee, juice, toast, jam, choice of cereal. Unfortunately the breakfast room (in the basement) was often crowded, people waiting in the hallway to sit. Our room was on the second floor, streetside, and the noise level from the street was sometimes loud (ie: horns, sirens, late night partiers).Before travelling to GB, we had thoroughly researched accomodation in the area, and were expecting the smaller rooms, steep stairs, small facilities. We were pleasantly surprised by the Dover Hotel and would consider staying at here again when in London.	
Feb 3 2008 	Great Place!!	Stayed at the Dover for 3 nights. Excellent location, very easy to get to central and back. Definatly would stay here again and recomend to others. Dont expect 5 star, i mean it is only a bed and breakfast, and if your planning to visit all the sites in london, then all you need is somewhere to rest. Staff very friendly. Breakfast nice and simple, toast, cereal and a variety of hot and cold drinks.Toilet in our double room was very small, but we didint mind. As i said, dont expect too much, for £50 a night, its a bargan and your location is in Victoria, central london, that was perfect for us. Defo staying here again!	
Jan 16 2008 	Rip off	After four nights in Paris, which was lovely, my wife and I took the Eurostar train to London. We had reservations booked through Expedia at the Dover. We get there and the front desk guy says we are on the third floor, and their is no elevator. Great. My wife and I heave our bags up three flights of tightly wound stairs, pouring sweat by the time we reach the top. The room was a shoebox with rotten molding around the shower, I say shower only because the toilet is in the hall, to be shared with other rooms! Now we aren't picky, but when paying over $500 for four nights, you expect your own toilet. I go back down and the guy says of course their is no refund, but we have the privledge of a room on the ground floor with our very own toilet, for an extra $200. That's right ladies and gents, north of $700 for four nights in a [--] box. Trust me, when going to London stick with chain, i.e. Best Western.	
Jan 14 2008 	Good location but rooms leave a lot to be desired.	The hotel website looks a lot nicer than how the rooms actually are. We were given a quad room but the room is really too small and the bathroom with the toilet has only standing room for one person. The only good thing is that it is close to Victoria station and easily accessible which was the primary reason why we chose it. If you can afford some commute try some other hotels. The other good thing is that the room charge includes breakfast which is ok.	
Jan 5 2008	good location easy to find	Have stayed twice now and although the rooms are small and beds not that comfortable it is very easy to find you way around from this hotel.We would probably stay again as we are only at the hotel for sleeping/breakfast and off out again the next day.I guess anything in London that has a largeish room is more $$ attached to it - so dont expect to much and you will find it OK.	
Dec 29 2007 	Small price but not really clean	Good for:- price: really cheap;- location: you cannot be closer to victoria station and pay such a bargain!-staff: kind and fun-breakfast: you can eat as u like BUT!!!:- Use the shower with flip flop...- Bathroom not really clean: this is not the hotel for exigent people-No elevator, so if u plan to have loads and heavy luggage choose another;-This has been the smallest room I've ever seen!!SO:Good for a short stay (maybe just a night), with light luggage!!Bring flip- flop for the bathroom!!!	
Oct 7 2007 	If you just want a place to sleep	You know in the movies when someone is hiding out in a small hotel and the window is open and they hear all the street noise and sirens? That was pretty much like this room. It was a bed and a shower. Basically a hostel with a bathroom. The bathrooms seemed as though they were added in as an entire unit from an RV. It was small and cramped. However, the location couldn't be beat and it was cheap for London standards. I wouldn't stay there with kids, but just for us adults, it worked out nicely. You can walk to Victoria Station to get anywhere around town. We walked to Parliament, Westminster Abbey, and Buckingham Palace pretty easily.It seems to be family run and the staff was very friendly. If we asked for anything, they were on it quickly. It could definately use a renovation. The price included breakfast, but we found the breakfast area small and cramped. We found a few restaraunts close by that served a hot English breakfast for about 3 pounds.	
Sep 10 2007 	Basic but functional	Booked the hotel online at the last minute for a 3 day excursion, and it was the best deal we found at the time. Location: Excellent. Minutes' walk from Victoria train and coach stations, lots of restaurants and grocery stores in the area. When you come out of the underground at Victoria, you have to walk through the train station and up another set of escalators to exit near the coach station and Belgrave Road.There are actually tons of hotels in the area. The Dover is literally next door to the Calvados, Easy Hotel, Winchester, across the street from the Stanley, and around the corner from the Blair Victoria. The Comfort Inn and Quality Hotel Westminster are also in the area, amongst numerous others.Room: The room was actually not as horrible as we had expected. Twin room was very small. We didn't have any problems with bad smells and the room and bathroom were fairly neat and clean, although obviously old and run-down. It was by no means nice and it lacked any semblance of charm, but it was ok for a few days. Provided in the room were a small TV with 3 channels (one of which was in German); kettle with provisions for tea; alarm clock; functional hairdryer; and a small desk. The bathroom was miniscule and no toiletries were provided except for soap, but it was kept clean and mold-free. Fresh white towels were also provided. Breakfast: Breakfast was actually quite disappointing. It was vending machine coffee, self-serve cereal and juice, and white toast. The ladies in the breakfast room seemed chronically depressed but were helpful enough.Service: Front-desk service was friendly. Our room was not cleaned on the second day but fresh towels were brought up to our room immediately after we informed the front desk.Value: We felt the hotel was way overpriced for what you get, but in consideration of the extortionate hotel prices in London, this is probably true of most hotels in the city.Overall: Our stay was comfortable enough, location was fantastic, free wifi was a definite bonus, breakfast was terrible, value for money was lacking. Would recommend finding another better quality hotel online for similar price if possible. Also would recommend taking the public buses for sightseeing rather than the underground, as a daily bus pass is cheaper than a subway pass and you get to see the sights as you travel.	
Jul 14 2007	Dont Go There	The room had an awful smell , the carpet up the stairs was threadbare and dangerous. The so called B&amp;B was a bowl of cereal and 2 rounds of toast, the staff in the eating area never once acknowledged we were there . Glad we only stayed 1 night , would not recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Jul 1 2007 	So-so...	My husband and I stayed at the Dover Hotel in 2006 over the 4th of July weekend. It was HOT, HOT, HOT and of course, the hotel had no air conditioning. It was fairly miserable. The rooms were TINY and the but the bed was fairly comfortable. Breakfast was good. Service was good. They allowed us to check our bags and pick them back up at the end of the day of departure so we didn't have to tote them around all day. As mentioned by others, the steps are very narrow, steep, and crooked so if you have trouble with stairs, you may want to avoid this hotel.Hotel was definitely budget - not amazing, but not horrible either. I guess it could have been worse.The location was nice - close walk to Victoria Station.	
May 27 2007 	uuhh	These guys try, but place is kinda a rat hole, I guess your typical London hotel. Bad carpet, kinda smelly, steep steep stairs, weird beds, poor drainage in the shower. Pretty good location real near the Victoria station where you can get a 4 pound ride to Heathrow at the coach station. Or coming from Stansted airport the terravision bus comes here. Was a cheap place to stay. I think someone in one of the rooms was smoking. Take care, Greg	
May 22 2007 	Meh...	The rooms are incredibly small. We booked a room with a &quot;private bath&quot;. Silly me to assume that this &quot;private bath&quot; would include a toilet. We had a bed, a mini shower and a sink, all in the same room. The toilet was down the hall. There were renovations going on during our entire stay. We woke up early every morning to the sound of banging and sanding. They did not even stop on weekends. Also, twice we returned to the hotel in the evening to find that housekeeping had left our door open! On a positive note, the location is great.	
Mar 11 2007 	Definetely Our Hotel in London!!!	We decided to have a trip to London at one condition: finding a cheap flight and cheap accommodation. We found out about the Dover Hotel thanks to Trip Advisor: reading other travellers' reviews, it seemed to be not too bad... so we decided to try it! We booked our double room with ensuite shower one month earlier, and then we started praying: we already knew taht hotels and B&amp;B around Victoria station in London are usually terribles, and we have to say we have a very very high clenliness standard... Well, we arrived very late in the night, just looking for a loo and a bed. What a surprise! Staff people were very friendly and helpful. The room was very small, but incredibly clean, with immaculate sheets and pillow; face and body towels were white and clean too; although the carpet, the curtains and in general the furniture were not brand new (especially the carpet on the stairs was quite old), everything was clean and well keeped. The bathroom, not bigger than a train toilet, but deeply clean, I would say shining!!! Bed was comfortable and room quiet, maybe too hot, but this is not a problem: you just have to keep the window slightly open (as we did). We got facilities in the room to make tea and coffee: I expected a stinky, crusty kettle, but it was very clean, and the cups too. We had every night a warm and nice tea in our room! The buffet breakfast consisted of a lot of warm toasts, a good choice of cold and hot beverages, cereals, butter and jam. You can eat as much as you like! The brakfast room is quite small, but this we'll give you the chance to meet other people from all over the world - we enjoyed our breakfast with 2 german guys, talking and laughing a lot!!! The hotel is 3 minutes walking to Victoria train station and 5 minutes to Victoria coach station: this means you are very close to all the strategic points to start your tour around London. With a longer walk you can easily reach interesting places like Buckingham Palace, St. James Park, Westminster Abbey. The place around is safe and quiet, even if you get back late in the night. We will definetely be back to te Dover Hotel. Of course is not the Ritz, its a cheap and simple accommodation, but it was so clean, comfortable and friendly that we decided the Dover hotel is OUR hotel in London! Some suggestion: book in adavnce, and preferably thru the website: you will save money!	
Feb 28 2007	Reasonable for the price	Stayed here in November 2005 with my wife and 18 year old son. Triple room was small but adequate. Bathroom was tiny but functional. Central heating was fine. Breakfast was included and good enough to keep you going until lunch time. Coffee was ordinary, but you can have as much cereal and toast as you want - just ask for it! We found the breakfast ladies efficient and had the tables cleaned and ready for the next guest straight away. Aussie visitors might want to bring their own vegemite!! Overall, you get what you pay for and we were satisfied.	
Feb 19 2007 	Not too bad for a London budget place	We booked a room in this place a day before arriving and got a great internet rate. Only had to stay one night as a stopover between Belgium and Northern England, and I've got to say that for those purposes the Dover definitely did what it said on the tin. The bathroom did make me laugh out (crazy shower design), but it was still a bathroom, clean (apart from suspicious toilet seat, clean but sticky?!), magically didn't get drenched when we showered and had clean towels. The shower got warm and everything.About the room itself: It wasn't the biggest and not the smallest, not the newest but clean enough, and it had all the things it needed. Bed was okay, clean sheets, as 2 people you do definitely have to be a couple though - no space for polite distance! The television was lovely, the teamaking facilities were there - my main criticism is that they had whitening powder instead of proper milk! If you want somewhere to stay as a budget traveller in London, this place seems good enough as the location right near Victoria station is brilliant, the area seems safe and you'll probably be out all day anyway. Wouldn't recommend it for hours spent chilling in the room though.Can't comment on the breakfast as we left at 7.15.	
Jan 9 2007 	very small room	I booked this hotel because comparatively cheap but i wish I had booked one of the many other hotels in the same street.. The room was very small as was the ensuite . The staff weren't rude but didn't go out of their way to be friendly either.On our first day we had some of our clothing on the one chair in the room and on top of our suitcase when we went out for the afternoon.When we returned the clothing was wet as they had come into the room while we were absent to bleed the water heater and somehow got it water over everything in that part of the room They didn't tell us, we had to complain and then find out. I also found a blood spot on my pillow (approx 1cm in diameter ) and although they exchanged the pillow didn't even apologise for their cleaning staff. I may sound picky but there weren't any good points to the hotel other than it's position near Victoria rail station (and tube) and close to Buckingham Palace.At least we had a bed for the night that wasn't too uncomfortable.	
Dec 30 2006	not the fleapit that i was expecting	A good enough, budget hotel very close to Victoria station and plaza with the shops. Staff were friendly, breakfast was edible and generally we all had a good time for what we paid. Yes its not the Ritz, yes the rooms are poky - but you get what you paid for and i have stayed in a whole lot worse. Sheets were clean as were the towels and thats good enough for me!	
Oct 20 2006 	Outrageous!!	This 'hotel' was booked on my behalf as availability was limited across London. The web site indicated the property had been refurbished and the pictures indiated a bright clean friendly hotel.When reality arrived it was a real shock, especially arriving in the evening after dusk. Dimly lit exterior, grim 'reception area' and a less than freindly receptionist who sat down the whole time and struggled to pronounce my name (Ian). This set expectations so I was not disappointed when I arrived in my double room to find a scruffy run down room, amenities a plenty but crammed in some vary odd places. 'Bathroom' was a joke, seen better in a camper van. A plasic self contained unit, you could probably have had a shower and sit on the toilet at the same time (I didn't hang around long enough to find out). As for refurbished - probably 10 years ago as the paint was scratched off allover the building interiors. The window wouldn't lock and the secondary glazing was hanging off the rail.Time to leave, what a shocking experience. The web site should be challenged by trading standards.	
Jun 28 2006	Give it a miss	Four of us stayed in this hotel recently and we considered it terrible value for money. We had 1 double room and 1 family room and while the size of the family room was fine, the double room was ridiculously small. Bathrooms were plastic prefab like structures and overall the decor of the hotel was terrible. Breakfast consisted of cereal, toast (strictly 2 slices!), juice and coffee eaten in an overcrowded, grotty room as other guests stood by the door waiting for a seat. While the staff at reception were helpful and friendly, the staff in the breakfast room were incredibly rude. Breakfast was until 9.30 a.m. and at approx. 9.35 a.m. on the 2nd morning of our stay, one of the staff started hoovering the kitchenette off the breakfast room for us all to hear. A few minutes later, she proceeded into the breakfast room with the hoover and wildly indicated to us to leave as she needed to clear up. Rather amused, we finished our coffees standing outside the hotel door! We moved down the road to the Comfort Inn, Victoria for the remaining few nights of our stay, which was cheaper and of which I would have no complaints whatsoever. On the plus side we did have clean sheets and good showers in the Dover Hotel, but I would strongly advise to give this one a miss unless looking for a Fawlty Towers type experience!!	
May 16 2006	Very satisfied for the money	Hotel was more than adequate for the money. We had 3 adults in one room for 7 nights. Room was small but but clean and quiet. We travel 4 to 5 times a year &amp; I was very satisfied. Felt very secure with 24 hour desk &amp; helpful staff. I was nervous after booking &amp; then reading some other reviews, but I would recommend for budget travel. ( I never stay in high price places, so I'm not expecting the Ritz)	
Oct 23 2005	Great lacation!!	If you're looking for 5 star accommodations, keep looking. If you want a clean room, in a great location, stay here. The room was very small and the bathroom was small but adequate. Overall, the Dover was smaller than we expected but was adequate for a 2 star hotel.	
Oct 18 2005	Give it a Miss!!	What a disappointment! We had our booking confirmed by the Dover Hotel and their email response was impressive and very polite. However, we were in for a surprise. The staff were sombre and were not overhelpful at the desk and the room was a shocker! By the time we put our 2 suitcases on the floor there was hardly any room to move. There was a tiny narrow plastic shelf containing jug, tea/coffee and was almost up to the side of the bed which was a bit hazardous and we did not use. The bathroom facility was a prefab.plastic unit and the shower recess tiny and shower curtain was about 8 inches off the ground so the floor was constantly wet. Nowhere to hang towels or clothes in the bathroom. Continental breakfast was ok. They do not have a lift so a higher floor is not recommended.	
Aug 29 2005	Avoid unless you desperately need a room!	We stayed at the Dover Hotel in July for 2 nights because I was not able to find any other rooms available in the Victoria Station area for our last two nights in London- this hotel was a last resort. Bad mistake...we were put in a basement room right next to the breakfast area and it was horribly noisy every morning. The room was tiny and everything in the room needed replacing. The shower if you can call it that was so terrible that my cousin who was with me refused to shower for the duration of our stay. It was dirty and small and not bigger than a broom closet. For the price I paid, we could have stayed at the Comfort Inn on Buckingham Palace Road and gotten more comfortable accommodations. Unfortunately, the hotel was full and we got stuck with the Dover.	
Jul 19 2005	The Dover delivered what was promised	Rooms were small and a bit worn-off, but on the other hand, it's a 2-star hotel. You get a bed where to sleep, a toilet with a shower and breakfast in the morning. If you're looking for something else from your hotel and you're willing to pay for it, try places rated with more than two stars. Eg. The Ritz.	
Jul 8 2005 	Depends what you are looking for	Having spent a late night working in London, I was in need of somewhere to crash rather than trekking all the way home only to come back the next day.Having done a quick search of 'whats available vs price' I settled on the Dover Hotel as it was fairly local to my office.As my headline says, it depends what you are looking for ....Overall the room was fairly clean and tidy but very small.Getting into the &quot;ensuite&quot; bathroom required opening the door slightly and then weaving around the toilet .. closing the door involved sticking myself to the wall and 'sucking it in' :)The shower (plastic tray on floor and shower head sticking out of wall) was behind the door and had two temperatures - freezing and boiling. All in all it was very cramped for a guy of average size (6') like me.Also be prepared for VERY thin walls .. I was treated to the pleasure of two young ladies regaling each other with tales of the night they had just had VERY loudly at about 12.30am just before one of them started being violently sick somewhere in the vicinity. I would have turned the tv up to drown it out but as all (4 that worked) channels were in German I decided not to bother :)Breakfast consisted of toast and coffee ...As I said it is not all doom and gloom, if you want somewhere to crash after a night out and you want it to be cheap (by London standards) then the Dover Hotel will probably do for you.If you are looking for a hotel as part of a vacation to Britain / London then I would suggest you look elsewhere unless you are on a budget or really prepared to &quot;rough it&quot;.	
Jul 3 2005	Avoid at any cost!	We booked a twin room and it was dirty, small at the point you could barely walk through the beds. Sheets were ripped and not really clean. The bathroom was a farce, i've seen larger than that on airplanes.. Look elsewhere.	
Jun 5 2005	Very good for the price		
May 29 2005	Disappointing		
May 8 2005	Nothing to complain		
Mar 30 2005	Fine for 2 star hotel		
Dec 30 2004	So So		
Dec 30 2004	Pas terrible		
Oct 30 2009 	Impeccable		
Oct 13 2009 	casposo		
Aug 29 2009 	Para dormir unos días.		
Aug 23 2009 	rapporto qualità/prezzo buono		
Jul 13 2009 	Meglio di quanto pensassi...		
May 30 2009 	Au centre de Londres pour petit budget		
May 8 2009 	buon rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Apr 16 2009 	La nostra Londra		
Apr 2 2009 	tipico hotel londinese		
Mar 6 2009 	ottima posizione		
Feb 19 2009 	Hotel sympa pour une escapade de 3 jours		
Feb 14 2009	bon hotel		
Jun 30 2007	Sympathique		
