Nov 20 2009 	Great Location!	I stayed at this hotel with my husband for a 2 night stay last week and after readng previous review was not a bit worried about what we'd find but upon arrival to this hotel after just 5 minute walk from Paddington I was pleasantly surprised, the staff were nice enough and our room (101) was a bit old fashioned but the bathroom looked new and the whole room was spotless, The main reason I'm putting this review in here was to tell you how honest the staff here are, I left 3 expensive items of clothing hanging in the wardrobe and I didn't even realize for a week, when I rang the hotel they had kept them for me and were only to glad to arrange to post the clothes to me at home. They didn't have a number for my as I booked through Lastminute.com and we're not in the phone book, I was so pleased to have my clothes returned it just goes to show you that there are still plenty of honest people left in this country, Thank you Orchard Hotel, we wil return.	
Nov 3 2009 	Tiny rooms 	We spent 4 nights in a very small room, 2 people has to take turns in walking by the beds and the door to the shower room had to be open to be able to wash the face! Cleaning consisted only of making the beds, towels or bed linen were not changed during our stay for 4 nights! There was a daily line-up situation to get seats for the mediocre breakfast, consisting of a choice between cornflakes or English breakfast. Location however, was great, only 2 blocks from Paddington Station/Heathrow Express, Metro and buses.	
Jul 28 2009 	Dont stay there!	It was a really terrible hotel! Cheeky staff, no elevator and a room that was just terrible! Hard pillows, weird blanket on the bed and a breakfast not worth the word! Tv.... well lets just say no remote and U could hardly look at any prgms. Was it worth the money, not a chance!!	
Jun 1 2009 	A Very Basic Hotel-no frills at all	The Orchard is a very basic hotel. Our room was on the second floor facing the street and was quite noisy. There is no elevator and the stairwells are narrow and steep. The room itself has no decorations or amenities. No phone, alarm clock, a very small TV that didn't work well, an extremely small bathroom and shower. The room was dark and unfriendly but seemed clean. The walls need new paint. Breakfast was quite disappointing. Your choice of corn flakes or egg/bacon/beans (English Breakfast ??) with white toast and juice that tasted like Tang. Coffee or Tea, that's it. The staff was hard working and friendly enough. Close to tube stations and train to Heathrow, very convenient. For the price this is what you get. We'll spend more next time.	
Apr 14 2009 	No complaints for the money paid	Given the money we paid for 3 night B&amp;B I have to say I wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised though, the room was a reasonable size for 2 and the hotel was clean throughout which to me is the most important thing. The location is very good with Oxford Street, Hyde Park etc within walking distance as well as Tube Stations nearby and buses which stopped right outside. The staff didn't say much but were pleasant enough. Breakfast was basic, 1 rasher of bacon, 1 egg etc but again, could hardly complain for the money paid.	
Jan 22 2009 	cold and old fashioned	the hotel looks very classy from the front but thats about it ...my friend and I were in a twin room on the 2nd floor -the layout is very confusing with the breakfast room being located down lots of winding stairs which is very unsuitable for elderly or disabled ...the room itself was at the back of the hotel so not much noise from the busy life at the front ...the bedding was very old fashioned with horrid patterned bedspreads with 1970s fleece pink and blue blankets under those, the sheets seemed clean thou and not that old...as it was november it was cold and the window -well it was sooo draughty even thou it was closed the cold air was blowing in..the radiator was under the window and i had to bunch the curtains up as they were hanging over the radiator blocking the litle heat that was coming from it.....the bathroom was grotty, smelt of damp and had a peeling ceiling and the hot water even thou i ran it for ages , was just very luke warm so i couldnt even get a shower ...no coffee or tea making facility ....and the small tv had some sort of interference so was crackling and making funny noises.... so really our night away was just ruined by a very poor hotel ..and i was glad to get back home.	
Nov 2 2008 	Clean but small room	Hotel was clean, our room was small but ok just for a couple of nights. There are no tea/coffee making facilities so take your own travel kettle etc. if you want a drink. The receptionist was friendly, but the staff serving breakfast were obviously not happy in their work and breakfast itself was adequate if you are watching the calories (eg one rasher of bacon, one egg and beans). We had to ask three times for butter for our toast and it seemed to cause an argument between the staff. Like a previous reviewer we left our towels on the floor to be changed, but they were just picked up and placed back on the rail to dry.The location is fine, with plenty of eateries around the corner and 5 mins walk from Paddington.If all you want is a clean hotel with no extras at all then its ok.	
Aug 22 2008 	Fine location good value	The location on Sussex Gardens was great. Easy access to Paddington Station, Paddington tube station, #15 bus line. Several pubs and restaurants nearby, and a 24-hour food store. Walking distance of Hyde Park, Kensington Palace, Royal Albert Hall (in daytime). Our room for three adults was small but adequate. Beds were clean and comfortable, with extra pillows in the wardrobe, Our room, at the top of several flights of narrow stairs (no lift) was very quiet... no traffic noise at all. Bathroom was small (of course) with no shelf space to set things out, but that was not a major issue. Breakfast (fried egg, baked beans, bacon, toast, coffee, tea, orange juice) was tasty and filling, and the kitchen staff was friendly and responsive. TV in our room had a limited selection of channels, but the programs we did watch were interesting and informative... the equivalent of PBS in the US. I would be glad to stay again at the Orchard Hotel.	
Aug 13 2008	Good for location and cost	Orchard Hotel is an average inexpensive London hotel. Location is a plus, located 2 blocks from Paddington Station. There are local places to eat , which are relatively inexpensive. Rooms are average London size - small, but are clean. I would stay there again. There were 4 adults staying in the large room/family room- queen and 2 doubles. PS from Tennessee	
Jul 7 2008 	OK for budget hotel but won't return	As a budget traveller I wasn't expecting much and therefore wasn't too disappointed. The room and bathroom were clean - small, but that is to be expected in London. The location was great (10 mins from Paddington station and about the same from Hyde Park - important as a runner!). The front desk staff were friendly enough, although the women serving breakfast were a bit rude (i.e., like they were &quot;put out&quot; if you asked them for something). The continental breakfast was disappointing - cornflakes, white bread toast, and something masquerading as &quot;juice&quot;. Cereal and toast are fine, but something other than cornflakes and &quot;Wonder Bread&quot; would have been better. I had a curious issue with my towels - I left my wet towels drying on the rack when I left in the morning and found the same ones upon my return. I know some hotels indicate that if you'd like to reuse your towels you should hang them on the rack and if you'd like new ones you should put them bathroom floor. That hadn't been my intention, but reusing them was not a problem. The next morning I left the wet towels (day two) on the bathroom floor expecting to receive new ones. Upon my return I found the same towels drying on the rack - I expected that leaving them on the floor was a clear indication that I wanted clean towels. I had to ask the front staff for clean towels - a bit unusual - how many days did they expect me to reuse the towels??	
Jul 5 2008 	A bed and little else...	I recently stayed at this hotel whilst attending a concert in Hyde Park. While we were satisfied with the distance between the Park and the hotel, we realised that the area was less than desirable.Upon entering reception we were greated by a less than welcoming gentleman, who seemed to find our mere presence a cause for complaint. Our room was at the front of the hotel, on the third floor, overlooking a block of flats and the main road. Although this did not appear to be an issue at first, it became more so later on as the road became quite busy during the night.Our room was surprisingly small, featuring two twin beds, a tiny bathroom lacking any toiletries or a plug for the sink. We had a very small television, although this was plugged into the only socket in the room. When we unplugged it to use our electrical items, we noticed that the television plug was frayed, which appeared slighly dangerous. There was no remote provided, some of the buttons on the front of the television did not work and the picture was intolerable. Another cause for concern was that the door did not feature any form of deadlock, or even a chain. When another guest entered the room opposite ours, resulting in their standing next to our door (the corridor was very narrow and dark) the door almost came open. As two young female travellers, this made us nervous to say the least. The final issue regarding the room was the window. It was a wooden sash, which in itself appeared quite pretty. However, we noticed when in bed that there was a constant breeze and the road noise was rather loud. There was a 3 inch gap between the upper and lower panes which could not be closed and hence had to be endured. Whilst the breeze was welcome during the warm temperatures, in winter I'd imagine this would become irritating.The breakfast room was located in the basement (four flights of stairs down from our room). Whilst we found a free table quickly (as we went into the breakfast room at 7.30am) those arriving slighly later had to wait. The 'full english breakfast' was beans, a rasher of bacon and a very 'well done' fried egg. On a positive note, we were given tea and coffee, toast, jam and butter to accompany the cooked breakfast and orange juice was available.All in all, I was a little shocked by the standard of the hotel and the fact that quite a few of the staff appeared to detest the inconvience of having guests, whilst they struggled to communicate with us due to poor English language abilities. That said, it was clean, the beds were quite comfortable and in relation to Hyde Park the location was okay. However, I do believe you could find better quality hotels for the same price should you look elsewher.	
Jun 26 2008 	This hotel is extremely terrible!	There is no internet, no kettle, no cups, no toothpaste, no toothbrush, no slippers, no shampoo, no soap... I paid over 100 Pounds per night for this. I feel the place is dirty. The receptionists are rude and impolite.The female manager is very rude too. Will never return to this hotel. This is the truth...	
Jun 17 2008 	great location	Spent three nights at the Orchard and found it fine. Location is great especially if you come in from Heathrow as Paddington is the station you arrive in and is two mins from hotel. Breakfast was fine- bacon, egg and beans each morning and sometimes sausage or rissoles. All quickly served and with ok coffee. Room was a good size and bathroom very clean. Good value for money but if I was in London again I would stay in a hotel in Sussex Gardens that had a bar so I could sit and relax in my hotel after a tiring day out.	
Jun 8 2008 	Truly The Hotel From HellL	My sister and I traveled to London and reserved this hotel through cheaphotels.com. The photo and the reviews looked great, but when we arrived, we found we were in a very horrible part of town, the people were truly rude, they didn't have any extra pillows (ours were at least 1 inch thick), the room was so small with two twin beds in it that we could not open our suitcases, the bathroom was so small, you couldn't turn around, the hotel was cold and when we asked if they could turn the heat on so that we could shower, they told us the heat was on a timer and could not kick on until 10:30 p.m. The next morning, it was freezing cold again and they told us the heat did not come back on until 6:30 a.m. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. While I realize that some London hotels do not have the same standards as American hotels, this was far below expectations and we paid dear for the three nights. I could go on and on about this place, but why? I think it should be banned from the list of London hotels.	
Nov 14 2007 	Central Clean Quiet Comfortable	I stayed here for three nights whilst working in London and would be happy to recomend to anyone. Its clear that you dont get as much for your money in London with regards to hotel rooms. But if you want a hotel that provides a clean comfortable base to enjoy the city then stay here. I only had time for breakfast one morning and again it was fine.The hotel is three tube stops away from Kings cross, ten mins walk to Baker Street and only fifteen to Park lane.	
Nov 1 2007 	Ups and Downs!	Positive points: Clean! Pretty Central. Warm.Negative points: There must be many more rooms than places for breakfast because we had to wait for a table 2 days out of 3. This would not be so bad except that there isn't really anywhere to wait!Breakfast itself is a choice of English or Continental. I chose English the first day and got 1bacon, 1 sausage, i fried egg and beans. The next day it was missing the sausage! When I pointed this out I was told that some days it includes a sausage and on others it doesn't!!! The Continental was cornflakes and toast!!Don't expect parking even though they advertise it! I think they have 2 spaces!	
Oct 28 2007 	First impressions	As we arrived at the hotel I thought how nice it looked but my first impression of the room was oh how dark and gloomy and no outlook.. On further inspection the ceiling in the bathroom was in need of attention. However, after this I started to see the important things. The bedroom and bathroom was very clean, the sheets ironed beautifully and the room very warm. The staff at reception and in the breakfast room were friendly. Breakfast was English or continental included in the price (some hotels you pay a supplement for an English breakfast). Continental was cornflakes, toast and orange juice, not the sort of continental the 'Brits abroad' are used to but nevertheless both proved adequate . The location was also good. In life you only get what you pay for and I think this was good value for money and my husband and I would stay there again.	
Oct 21 2007 	Better than expected	this hotel was really better than expected. Been to London before and spent nights in various places, but in this hotel I could imagine spending a night again.It's close to many tube stations and easy to find, we booked it via venere.com and it was quite cheap. Because our trip lasted longer than planned, we had to make two bookings, but they understood it well and we were able to keep the same room for the whole stay.Although we booked a double room, we got a room for three for the same money and it was clean and nice. Of course there was noise from the street and a room was a bit chilly, but where wouldn't it be.Breakfast was nice, there was a lot to choose from and it was enough to get the day going.Would recommend!	
Oct 16 2007 	Not as Good as Expected	Booked the stay with lastminute.com.The hotel is easy to find and in a great location, only a five minute walk from Paddington station.Another good point is that parking is free although there are limited spaces.When we first arrived we were put into a room on the ground floor. After unpacking we decied to go out for dinner and as we were leaving our room discovered that the lock did not work and so we could not leave our room.We informed the reception staff and they did not seem surprised and moved us to a basement room. The room itself was ok, no view and a very small bathroom but was sufficient for our weekend stay.The only thing i would say if you are put on a ground floor room here is that the ceilings are very thin and we could hear so much banging around upstairs it woke us up both nights we stayed here.On our last night, after disturbed sleep we were woken up by a fire alarm at 6am... on a sunday!We got dressed and went up to reception. There were a few guests standing around but by no means the whole hotel! We were not spoken to and after ten minutes we decided to ask what was going on. The receptionsit said it was probably a false alarm. Another guest commented that no other guests had come down and should we be outside but the staff did not seem to know what to do. So eventually after about half an hour we decided to go back to our rooms and were not contacted.We realise this was not a real fire but if it had been there was no organisation whatsoever!!So, overall... i would not stay here again.	
Aug 31 2007	Over expectations	I can't say, that it was the best hotel in my life, but London is especialy expensive, therefor to find a hotel in a good location with en suite shower and toilet under ?100/night for four peopleis not easy. The staff was polite and helpful, the breakfast was good. For budget travellers it is a good choice.	
Aug 14 2007 	Great Location Good Room Loved It!	We stayed at the Orchard for 8 days in May. Our room, at the front overlooking Sussex Gardens, had a double and a twin bed for the two of us which gave us extra room. The ensuite bathroom was small but clean with good shower pressure and lots of hot water. The room was great for the price, much cheaper than many nearby hotels.We were greeted warmly by the front office staff as we were returning for our second visit to this hotel. I found the front desk staff to be friendly and very courteous. They were most helpful getting me an iron and ironing board after I did the laundry at a nearby laundromat.There are a number of good pubs nearby, one just across the street, as well as a number of restaurants closer to Paddingington Station. There are also a number of grocery stores within easy walking distance.We will be returning to the Orchard hotel on our next trip to London as it is convenient to the tube, buses, (the #15 goes right from Paddington past Trafalgar Square right out to the Tower of London!!) shops, Heathrow Express, etc., etc.	
Jul 25 2007 	Worst client service	Worst client service I have ever had and I have travelled a lot. The manager said, and I quote, &quot;we are not in the business of receiving your comments.&quot; She was paranoid and did not want us to speak another language in her lobby, she kept asking us what we were saying. The toilet was broken and we were offered no alternative. They would have the plumber out the next day. We had to ask if we could have access to another room, but were denied. We were 4 people in this room with no toilet. We were on the 4th floor with a very narrow staircase and no elevator. no alarm clock. Very rude and poor service at the breakfast room in the morning. Beakfast ends at 8:30am. Like the previous reviews: very simple, basic. Which is ok, but the rude service made it unbearable.	
Jul 23 2007 	Would not return even if the room was free!	If your use to service with a smile and consideration, don't expect anything like it at this hotel. Manager is very rude and the rest of the staff is clueless (couldn't check flight departure hour online, didn't know where to find an Internet cafe, etc.) Breakfast consisted of beans and eggs or corn flakes accompanied with toasts, coffee, and watery orange juice. No fruit is served. The room and the location is &quot;ok&quot; thought there is no pressure in the shower and the street is very noisy at night. If you have another alternative, I say pick the other one... it sure would be better.	
Jun 22 2007 	Basic but above average for its class and price	The Orchard is one of a about a zillion small hotels near Paddington (and thus near the Heathrow Express train). I've stayed in several of them and thought this one above average for room size, cleanliness, and cost. This time through my wife and I were effectively in transit - the Orchard served very well for that purpose. It was clean, relatively cheap (especially given that we got an en suite room), and conveniently located. Breakfast was fine, with a choice of continental (cereal) or cooked (my only complaint: no sausage!) and served quickly. We booked using [--] and all went well. Don't expect the Ritz, to be sure; but all in all you should be happy with your stay.	
Jun 19 2007	Basic and simple	I agree with the previous poster that the hotel is very simple. For me (travelling with wife and her father) the hotel was perfect. We booked a room with three beds, and were put in a room on the back side. The windows opened onto an inside area, and faced other rooms -- so no scenic views, but also no noise from the road. The room was clean, the bathroom was small but also clean.It was a bit spendy, but during my research I failed to find any other reasonable hotels in the Paddington area. So for a three person room in mid-June the price seemed OK.The kitchen staff were indeed Polish, and very friendly. After two weeks of croissants and coffee in Europe I welcomed beans, eggs, bacon, and tomatoes!	
Jun 17 2007 	Cheap Hotel - hard to bear	May 2007. Orchard Hotel. Room 104 &amp; 204. 60BP / night, breakfast included. Receptionists OK, but far from knowledgeable or much helpful. Reserved 7 months in advance, requested inside top floor rooms. Got lower floor street facing rooms. Thin glass windows and Sussex Garden Road has heavy street traffic and buses noise to late nights. No elevators, narrow stair; carrying luggage, almost fell. Request non-smoking room, but room has heavy cigarette smoke smell, yuck. Tiny room, but bathroom is even smaller. Short and old shower curtain, caused the entire bathroom to flood. Noisy bathroom exhaust fan. No air conditioning. Heater hard to turn on and off.Fire doors and room doors at all floor, close with bang so loud to make sure to awake you. Breakfast included, horror, the sugar water so called, orange juice, and poor cooking, still turn my stomach, just to think of it.Local phone call 25p. Near bus and tube station. This hotel is on hotels in this area. 2 blocks from shops and restaurants.Do not carry you luggage to take the subway. The long up and down tube transfer stairs will surely no fun at all. Go online and search for shared shuttle. We found [--] to be reasonable for small group, compare to airport express train.Go to bus station (not tube station) and ask for London bus map (not tube map). Buy 3 days pass (or multi-day) pass for both bus and subway. Take regular bus to sightsee.	
Jun 14 2007 	Very basic and expensive; not a family hotel!!	After a very careful research to a reasonable hotel (price/quality) in Central London, and based on previous reviews, I selected this hotel for my family (wife, mother in-law, 1,5 year old son and I). I made a reservation through renown website and included the presence of my son (infant). Total price approx.450 Euros for 3 nights!! For this price, even in London, you expect a good mid-class hotel, so our expectations were good. At our arrival these expectations immediately turned down: a strict administrator informed us that the hotel has no baby cradles and that the baby has to share a bed with one of us in a triple room! First disappointment. Then, we arrived after 2 PM (official check-in time is 1 PM), we could not enter to any room because they were refurbished!! So, we had to spend another tiring hour (after a long trip), in the city - and we really hoped to fall down over a nice bed to take some rest: nope!! Third: the way to the room, two steep stairs with all our luggage and a baby...no fun on warm summerdays.The room itself: beds okay, furniture needs to be repaired or replaced, bathroom: can't call it a bathroom, just a toilet with little washbasin and minishower. Room at streetside: noisy and hot in summer when the windows are open to get a bit of fresh air.The breakfast: very simple English or continental breakfast. A bit more fantasy could be added (a fruit or so? real orange juice in stead of Eastern European fanta). Polish (?) staff were friendly.Advice: this hotel is not a Family hotel!! It's OK when you're single or a young couple. It is absolutely too expensive (compared to continental Europe; for this price you can stay in a fine 3/4 star hotel in many other places), very tiny and basic. Not at all worth 3 stars rating as several websites state!! Last but not least: the location (for tourists) is superb!!	
May 25 2007	Basic hotel no big complaints	Our stay at this small hotel for a few nights in February 2007 was fairly uneventful. We were looking for a basic hotel in a good location. Thus, we were not expecting to be impressed. The location (near Paddington station) was convenient. The staff, although not overly friendly, were pleasant. The rooms were very basic, consisting of not so comfortable beds, a working tv and small bathroom. The breakfast was below average. The whole breakfast experience became a running joke with me and my travel companion. In the end, the dollar/pound rate made this $120ish a night, which appeared to be on the lower end of rates when I was searching for London hotels.	
May 14 2007	cheap basic	I would describe this hotel as very basic with rather unhelpful / unfriendly staff. However, it is in a great location, so if you can put up with the above, you should be fine. I paid £63 for B&amp;B for a double room for one night. If i'd paid more, I would certainly have felt ripped off. However, I think I got what I paid for in central London. The supposed 'included parking' is a fantasy. They have about 3 spaces outside the hotel, which don't seem to be available for guest parking.	
Apr 11 2007 	Absolutely Fine	Booked one night through LateRooms.Com. We were a family group consisting of two adults and two children (aged 4 and 12).We were allocated a family room on the top floor which had a double bed and two singles, small en-suite shower room and a colour television. It's not the Ritz, but it doesn't proclaim to be. (We paid £90 for the 4 of us, bed and breakfast!!!) It was comfortable and clean. Our room was on the top floor and there is no lift, but its only two or three flights of stairs.Full English breakfast was included which was served promptly with plenty of toast (contrary to an earlier posting) and unlimited coffee.There is limited parking at this hotel, and this is free - you can't say fairer than that.Great location within walking distance of all the major tourist attractions. You can be on Oxford Street in 5 minutes and outside Buckingham Palace in about 15.We stayed in London over the Easter weekend. This is a great time to go. It's pretty quiet compared to other times and parking in parking meter bays is free at weekends and on Bank Holidays so we did not pay a penny in parking or congestion charges.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 5 2007 	What you read is what you get	Stayed in the Orchard for 3 nights and I have to say it is exactly like they say it is on their website. It is located on Sussex Gardens which is essentially a long road of hotels so you could easily find a better hotel if you needed. First impressions of the hotel is that it is clean and well maintained. We had a room on the top floor (there's no lift!!) facing towards the road infront of the hotel. I cant say I was kept awake by the noise from the road, just close the windows. The room we had consisted of a double bed with 2 single beds. Not bad considering there was only 2 of us! The room has a tv hairdryer and not much else to be honest so it is quite basic. The breakfast in the morning, as mentioned in previous reviews, is quite basic. You can either have an english breakfast (an egg, beans, bacon and either a potato croquet or a sausage) or the continential option. The best thing about this hotel is its location. It is located very close th Paddington Station and also the number 23 bus which goes to Oxford Street stops across the road from the hotel. Word of advice do not go to the Monkey Puzzle pub across the road from the hotel as there were alot of dodgy characters in there. The Rob Roy bar around the corner does really nice pub grub and its very lively at the weekend.	
Feb 20 2007 	OK for one night.	Clean hotel within easy walking distance of Paddington Station, but on a busy road. Our daughter had a room at the rear of the building and slept well, but we were kept awake by traffic noise and had little sleep. Breakfast was ok, but their definition of &quot;continental&quot; consisted of cornflakes, toast and orange juice, and could have been more generous.	
Feb 8 2007 	Not Bad For A Budget Hotel	This Hotel was o.k. for a budget hotel but some of the staff were surly and unkempt. We arrived on one of the coldest days of the year and the heating was off in our room, so I had to ask for alternative heating until the timer switched the heating on three hours later! I was reluctantly given a fan heater which cut out after 5 minutes. The breakfast staff were unfriendly and talked between themselves in their own language. The plus points were that our room was clean and the toilet and shower were spotless.	
Jul 6 2006	Pleasant budget hotel	My son and I stayed at the Orchard for 4 days in June. Now keep in mind, this is a budget hotel. Yeah, the room was small, but clean. The bathroom was tiny but everything worked... good water flow, and hot water to the 3rd floor within 30 sec. The English breakfast was typically unspectacular, but served its purpose. Staff was fine. If you get a room in front, and you are a light sleeper, you might want to bring earplugs as EVERY coach bound for Paddington station goes past, and you WILL have to leave your window open to keep the room from getting stuffy. But mind you. These are NOT complaints. We enjoyed are stay and were quite comfortable... and the location is excellent. I would stay there again.	
Feb 20 2006	Lovely budget hotel	I was concerned about this hotel after reading some negative comments on here, but now I have to wonder if I stayed in a different hotel! Our room was a good size, clean and tidy, comfortable mattress, although the pillows were stuffed with feathers so they were a bit thin. We weren't bothered by noise from the street at all, either. Breakfast was fantastic, all the staff were very friendly. Couldn't complain at all about the location either - just around the corner from the tube and train station and lots of nice pubs, restaurants and convenience stores practically on your doorstep.Don't expect bells and whistles, but this is a great hotel for travellers on a budget. Well above our expectations.	
Jun 4 2005	Horrible		
Apr 8 2005	Conveniently located 2 star hotel for budget travellers		
Apr 6 2005	Cheap hotel		
Mar 5 2005 	Great one night stay for usa embassy visit		
Feb 5 2005	great hotel if you are on a budget.		
Dec 11 2004	Great place!		
Dec 10 2004	Good hotel if you're on a budget		
Jun 29 2004	Recently renovated great location		
Dec 10 2003	Cheap but great location		
Nov 19 2003	Good Location Good Price		
Sep 4 2009 	Pequeño y muy limpio pero un poco caro		
Jul 28 2009 	Lasciate stare!		
Dec 12 2008 	Hotel tranquillo		
Oct 18 2008 	Bella posizione!		
Sep 12 2008	comodo ed economico		
Aug 16 2008 	Bon rapport qualité prix pour Londres		
Jul 9 2008 	Decente rapporto qualità / prezzo		
May 25 2008 	Orchard Hotel beim nächsten mal gerne wieder!		
May 20 2008 	hotel simple mais bien situé		
Dec 30 2007 	Très décevant		
Apr 10 2007 	sin prestaciones especiales pero muy buen comunicado		
Nov 9 2006 	Hotel Discreto servizio pessimo		
