Nov 14 2009 	The worst 4 star hotel we have ever stayed in...bad bad bad....	We have tried / tested this hotel twice...giving it a second chance....the first stay was bad, the second stay was a catastrophy in terms of the quality of the room (the double bed barely fitted the size of the room), elevator broken, no water in the room ( pipe problem ) thin walls ( tv sound from the other rooms, spitting sounds and various toilet sounds, etc...) We have tried 5 rooms in this hotel, all have various, most unpleasant problems. The hotel was very cheaply renovated ( street noise, water leakages, some rooms and corridors are overheated others freezing ) Whatever category you book ...the rooms are all the same. There is a difference in size of a few square feet...deluxe is definitely not deluxe. Rooms, bathrooms, bed covers and corridors are dirty. Staff is unfriendly, discourteous, not trained for the hospitality industry. Do not stay there...The management knows about the shortfalls...hence they try to attract the unaware traveller with what seems to be an attractive special offer. No refunds, not even excuses...Be warned...this is NOT A FOUR STAR HOTEL but a very poor quality 3 Star Hotel.	
Oct 30 2009 	Not quite what it says on the tin	Location for theatre land was excellent.I arrived at a quiet time to check in and the receptionist couldn't find my reservation. I had misplaced my slip of paper with the confirmation number on, which would have helped. However, the receptionist answered the phone on a couple of occasions whilst looking for my booking. I did eventually find my confirmation number. After about 10 mins a male member of staff arrived to look at my booking. He and the female receptionist started talking to each other in a foreign language, which I thought was quite rude. When I asked if there was a problem, the male member of staff said no. After about 15 mins I was eventually given a room number and key. The friendly female member of staff advised me of the free mini bar in my booking (Club Room) and the free fruit. The room was nice (bit warm) and the bathroom was good and clean and well supplied with toiletries. However, there was no fruit in the room so when I left the hotel, I advised the receptionist and she said they were just about to put some in my room.On arriving back at my room with my companion the fruit was in the room. My companion used the bath towel after showering. On the bed was a letter welcoming us to the hotel and advising us of the following:Free mini bar - yesFree fruit - eventually yesTurn down service with chocolates - noReplenish any used towels - noBathrobes and slippers - noFlowers in the room - noBreakfast was good but coffee was cold and not replenished and there was an unpleasant smell on the corridor as you walked through to the breakfast room.All in all, it wasn't an unpleasant experience but we felt that they did not deliver what they had promised.	
Oct 3 2009 	Perfect Location 	We stayed at the Best Western Shaftesbury Hotel last week for one night after seeing Grease the Musical. Definately shop around for the best price before booking. We saw price ranges from £300 plus per night down to £140.00. We booked a superior room, with breakfast for £160.00We arrived at the hotel at around 2pm, after a short walk from the tube and were delighted to find room was ready. Staff very helpful and friendly. Room was average size, but very clean and well equipped. Mini Bar, Internet acess (free), Ironing board with Iron and a tv in the bathroom. Although we didnt use it, the room service menu looked very comprehensive. Why have room service though when restaurants nearby are open till 4am !!We loved being so close to Piccadilly, Regent Street, Oxford Street, China Town and all the theatres. It was great being able to walk to all the attractions and not rely on tubes etc.Our room overlooked a church courtyard and with the windows open we could hear all the street noises ( I loved it), church bells and lots of sirens. Windows and double glazing in place we heard nothing and slept soundly.Breakfast was in a basement resturant, very clean, but I wouldnt book breakfast again. Nothing wrong with it, just not to my taste, and many more options close by. We checked out at 10am (could stay till midday) and the hotel kindly offered to store our luggage while we explored more.We will definately stay here again. Location, Service and Value make it worthwhile. There are so many theatre shows we saw advertised we want to see !!	
Sep 4 2009 	Fantastic for fun break in London	This hotel is right in the heart of Piccadilly Circus. It is quite cramped inside but the rooms were fabulous. We paid £90 B£B which was very good I thought for staying in London. Walking distance from all the theaters and right by a Tube Station. Staff were so friendly, most friendly staff I have encountered for a long time.	
Aug 3 2009 	Satisfactory	I stayed there for a few nights in a solo room.It was kind of small, but however nice and tidy. Shower facilities seemed top notch.The lounge in the hotel was very nice and decorated with turquoise elements. Staff was one of the nicest and most competent I've seen.Good price to quality ratio as it's located in the center of London.Thumbs up for free &amp; fast Internet connection!	
Jul 6 2009 	cosy hotel - made us happy!	A very cosy and welcoming hotel in a nice area of London. Definately great value - the best I've seen in central London for that price. Was mostly clean and very well furbished. Had everything we needed. Staff were all friendly and helpful. Would definately want to stay there again. We loved it! As for the train noises....that was ignorable. :)	
Jul 2 2009 	Small Rooms yet nicely refurbished..	In have stayed here twice on business, and the reason being more central hotels were far too expensive due to Wimbleton. The rooms are very small, breakfast was basic yet adequete and I couldn't stay her with my wife and child due to the rooms sizes. Yet it Is isn't far from Paddington tube, so you can get around quite easily, and the rooms have been refurbished nicely.Fine for a single traveller.	
May 27 2009 	is it a scam	Booked in to the hotel and arrived only to be told there was building works taking place??? for a hotel that was only renovated three years ago seemed strange! relocated to Radison, although hotel was nice &quot;small rooms&quot; the rates here were much cheaper, however the rate charged did not reflect this. makes you wonder if they book you and move you to make money. be wary!	
May 22 2009 	Great business hotel	Stayed here quite a few times due to the great location near to Earls Court tube (District line and Picadilly line)The rooms are perfectly adequate and bathrooms are a good size.Can't really ask for much more at the price I paid.	
May 17 2009 	Surprisingly good for the price	Picked up a lastminute.com offer and at £130 for the night next to Piccadilly Circus my expectations were low for our one night Friday night stay.We were fortunate enough to bag a top floor room though, and have to say it was clean, a decent size and had all the necessaries (flat screen tv, minibar, couch, etc). Bathroom was a decent size (shower only).The only problem is that Shaftesbury avenue isn't the place to get some sleep on a Friday night.. I think the bar opposite closed around 4am, then there were sirens, and we finally woke up properly (having slept) at 9.30am. Good job it wasn't an early start. No New York style escape with a 25th floor room here..Location is faultless for central London, even Flat White in Berwick Street, Soho is 3 minutes walk for breakfast. Must say that the reviewer who said it was &quot;5 minutes walk from Paddington station&quot; has either never been to London, got the wrong hotel, got the wrong station, or is on drugs.. It's probably 15minute walk North West of Charing Cross. Nearest tube would be Leicester Square. We parked in the NCP (2minutes walk) in Chinatown. Very narrow, as is usual with parking in London and around £30 for the 24hr period. Much less if you got away before 9am, but then we would only have had 3hrs sleep..Sounds as if you need to be lucky with rooms, and also that the lift needs to be working - which is was when we stayed. Strangely enough our room cards weren't working either, maybe the system is a little ropey..Finally I found the staff pretty helpful and very polite. Very good English too, a rarity nowadays in places..	
Apr 25 2009 	ok	Slighty out of the way from the hustle abd bustle. A quick 10 min walk to the tube stationNice local restaurants and shops.Hotel staff very helpful and dealt with problems promptly ( key card problem)All in all cheap and cheerful	
Apr 22 2009	Great stay!	I got this hotel booked through Thomas Cook under a football game package. The room was big and pretty, nice large bathroom, huge TV screen and awesome breakfast :) Absolute comfortable stay for one night	
Apr 8 2009 	It was ok but attention needed to detail	My company books me in here whenever I come to London. Its close to the office which is good. My main complaint is that the lift wasn't working and it wasn't working the last time I stayed a few weeks ago. &quot;Waiting for parts&quot; I was told. So I had to hump my bags up 2 flights of stairs and with arthritic knees thats not fun. The staff don't seem to care less and I assume they are brow beaten by complaints of the lift being out of order. The room was ok, but the TV flickers and the TV channels don't match what is on the menu. Not a major issue but irksome all the same. The light on the telephone flashed constantly and every time I called reception to aks them to fix it, I got a different answer each time. A porter came with some instructions and still couldn't fix the problem. Small problem but I had to cover the phone so the light didn't keep me awake. Up and down the stairs for a mediocre breakfast and asked to sign by 2 waitresses who look woefully at the &quot;thank you&quot; basket in the hope of a tip. the location is perfect if you like loud noise, homosexuals kissing in the pubs, lots of tourists blocking the pavements and walking in the middle of the road, sex shops up the side streets, poor quality of service and food with over pricing in China town, and theaters and restaurants where if you are from out of town (which everyone is!) you get ripped off. Welcome to London!I won't be staying at this hotel again if I can help it, and I won't be staying in this part of London again.	
Apr 1 2009	Sadly we won't be back	We have stayed in the Best Western Shaftesbury Hotel, Piccadilly, a few times and have found it to be clean and comfortable. The hotel has all the amenities you would expect of a 3* hotel and is good if you are on a working trip and not on an expense account! However I am withdrawing my recommendation. I stayed with my husband on 31st March 09 for a joint business trip. The lift was not working, and my husband who is 79 and very arthritic had a very slow, painful struggle to get up the 15 or so stairs to the first floor. He was embarrassed as he had to keep stepping to one side of the stairs in order not to impede other guests. The staff told us that the lift had been out of order for the previous two weeks, which made us feel that our pre-payment booking had been taken under false pretences by Booking.com, as the hotel advertises that it has a lift and that was a criterion in our choice of hotel. A second older couple staying in the hotel at the same time were similarly inconvenienced but the staff just shrugged. Nothing to do with them.	
Apr 1 2009 	Very good for London average	I would repeat. They were really nice, the first night we got a tiny room, and after asking for a change in reception, we were moved to a really nice big one. Modern and clean. Great location.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great location and good value	I took my 9 year old to London from New York and chose this hotel after reading reviews. I really can't fault it - the location is perfect for food, theater and sightseeing. We walked easily to Horseguards, The Eye and Covent Garden. The rooms are comfortable, modern and clean. Staff helpful and responsive when the TV didn't work to 9 year old standards.We booked online and got a pretty good price at the last minute. Recommended (as is the pie at Pizza Express).	
Feb 23 2009 	Great room nice hotel.	I stayed here for one night in dec 08. The hotel was clean the room was very nice and the bathroom was really something special. We booked the cheapest deal we could find so while the room was lovely it was on the ground floor and over looked a very small and unpleasant concrete &quot;garden&quot;. The corridors were dark and small but all the public areas were large and bright. Its about a 5 min walk from Paddington station and was surprisingly easy to find despite having to cross several major roads. We walked to the statue of Peter Pan in Hyde Park, The Royal Albert Hall and Harrods in Knightsbridge (at a tourists pace) in just over an hour. The buffet breakfast was also very nice. There is also a great pharmacy a few yards from the door that sells very reasonable perfume. The staff were more than helpful and I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again and to recommend it to others.	
Feb 17 2009 	Multiple properties	OK, I work for over 20 years with the travel industry and select suppliers (airlines, hotels, etc.) for large corporations, hence I look at a property in extreme details. As I am always looking for hotels that I would put a business person in, I was attracted by the location and amenities offered by the hotel.First and foremost there are truly two properties with the same address - The Best Western Shaftesbury Premier (a 70' concrete building) and the Shaftesbury Executive which is also referred to as Hogarth Executive Rooms by Shaftesbury (a 4 story townhouse across the street). This is all terribly confusing as the hotel staff seem to treat them as one and the same.As I was arriving around 6am, I purposely booked the night before to make sure I have a room upon arrival. When checking in I was advised that they did not receive the late check-in message and therefore treated it as a now-show. In other words I was charged for the room and they still gave it away to someone else. Things can happen with reservation, however, to make this the customers fault is not acceptable.Despite claiming they were absolutely sold out I was offered another room in the main building (Best Western Shaftesbury). The room was in the basement and had no windows at all - unacceptable. When I advised them I was suddenly moved to a main room in the building...temporarily as they said. After a 26 hour flight I finally took a nap just to be woken by staff, advising me that they now have a room in the Executive building (the townhouse across the street) and that they would be up shortly to move me again. I declined and told them that I would do this in the afternoon after resting. They were apparently not happy with that decision (as they already had a guest for the room they put me in temporarily).All the hotel facilities are in the &quot;old&quot; Best Western building (restaurant, gym, etc.) and the Townhouse has only &quot;executive rooms&quot;. Having see both rooms/properties now I can assure you that there is NO difference between the rooms. The common areas are worn and look pretty bad. The rooms on the other hand were recently renovated and look as &quot;good&quot; as the pictures promise. However, the rooms are not maintained well at all. I really cannot rate the cleanliness of the room in the main building as I was too tired to inspect, however, as they use the same staff for both properties, I assume it is identical.While the carpet in the center of the room is clean, all around the edges there is at least 2 centimeters deep border of dust (see picture). One light switch was broken and could only be turned by using your fingernail. The foot of the microwave was broken and held up with a napkin that was folder numerous times (see picture). The shower-head was covered in Limescale. The heater in the bathroom had rust-marks on the floor. The bathtub had mold (see picture). The window ledge was covered in cigaret buds, coffee utensils, etc. While the main building had cable TV (50+ channels) the executive rooms had only 8. The top of the closet where my luggage was stored was covered in dust (see picture). etc., etc, etc.The short of it is that the hotel rooms are VERY small but nicely furnished, however, the property is very badly maintained and staff is very rude and unwilling to take responsibility for anything.	
Feb 5 2009	Friendly staffgreat location.	This is a very nice clean hotel in a great central location.The staff are helpful and friendly.This hotel is ideal for a short stay in london convenient to theatres ,shopping e.t.c.	
Dec 2 2008 	Perfect in every way	Affordable London hotel rooms are notoriously pokey and having read a few reviews here I was cautious in my choice of hotels. I booked this hotel via booking.com at 2 days notice, and requested a room away from the main street with a bathtub as I had toddler to cater for. I also booked a twin room in the hopes that we could push the beds together rather than have a tiny double bed.When we arrived we were automatically upgraded to a Club room at the back of the hotel with a tub - peace and quiet - perfect! The room was of a decent size, clean and well-equipped. The bathroom was lovely with power shower over the tub, heated mirrors and an inset TV (which didnt work - who watches TV from the bath anyway?). We found the staff polite and helpful. The big bowl of chocolates at the reception desk was a hit with our 3 year old. The fresh fruit in the room was a nice touch too. When travelling with a toddler, access to good quick food is very important. We had a corner shop across the street with the whole of Chinatown just behind it. Picadilly, Leicester Square and Soho all within 2 minutes walk. I will definitely be coming to stay again - in fact my 3 year old says that when he grows up, he wants to live here.	
Oct 15 2008 	A great hotel!	I was putting reviews on of other hotels and remembered this: we stay there every time we go to London. It's a great hotel: the staff are friendly, the rooms are clean and really cool and it's in a great location - Chinatown and Theatreland close by, as is Soho, Oxford Street / Regent Street / Leicester Square etc and the underground. We've stayed eight or nine times and never had a complaint.We've never eaten there but have no reason to doubt the food but with so many great places on the doorstep, there's no need to.	
Aug 11 2008	Very enjoyable stay	Great location - chose to book Clubroom, well worth the extra for the wine, chocs and breakfast. Room clean, staff very nice. No bar or lounge area but so many places to go on your doorstep.	
Jul 11 2008 	Simply flipping marvellous!!!	My partner and I were going to London to a gig in Oxford Circus, being seasonally rubbish at being organised we began looking for somewhere to stay on the day we were travelling. After extensive trawling through many many hotels I decided to book the Piccadilly Best Western for three reasons... firstly, it's fantastic location, secondly the reviews of previous guests on tripadvisor and lastly because of the great deal we got through Activehotels. We've stayed at many hotels in central london including the Millenium Knightsbridge and 191 The Gore Hotel both of which were great for different reasons. To be honest I wasn't expecting the world due to the price... how could you get a great double room in the heart of Theatreland for under £150 a night.Well, we arrived at the hotel at about 8pm after a 3 hour journey and had a limited time before we needed to get to the venue. Check in was smooth and very friendly and we were given our key to room 101 (was the hotel trying to tell us something??!!)When we walked into the room we were both blown away by how great it was. A lovely clubroom with flatscreen tv, fresh flowers and the best bed either of us have slept in for a long time. It was a shame to have to leave it!! We were right on Shaftsbury Avenue a step away from Piccadilly etc etc and I can honestly say that we had a fantastic nights sleep and barely heard the busy London traffic below. We didn't sample breakfast or any of the other ameneties although the free apples were a welcome snack after a night out:-)I would without reservation recommend this hotel to anyone and will absolutely be staying again. I would even go as far to say that we found the quality of the room much better than it's more expensive competitors. Thank you Best Western for such a gem of a hotel!!!	
Jun 3 2008	Great location overall good stay	This hotel has a brilliant location - right in the center of it all in London. You caneasily walk to major tourist areas in London, and also to many theatres within the area. Great for going out in the evening around Leisceter Square etc, you don't need to worry about how to get back to the hotel... you can just walk it. The room was very well appointed. It was on the small side true, but that is to be expected in London! The bathroom however was a very nice size. Comfy beds and good continental selection for breakfast. Spent a very nice long weekend here with my mother... shopping around and going to the theatre. Excellent choice for female travellers in London.	
May 26 2008	great location	had 1 night at the shaftbury on shaftbury ave the staff were very helpfull room fresh and clean. fruit and wine pact fantastic location everything on doorstep would recomend it	
May 21 2008	Great Hotel Excellent Location	Stayed here for my 50th birthday last week so that my husband and I could see the Phantom of the Opera. The hotel staff were very helful when we arrived, called for the lift for us, apologised as it took a little time to arrive. Stayed on floor 4 at the front, it overlooked Shaftsbury Avenue that was busy and bustling as you would expect right in the heart of the city, i am surprised some people have commented on this in their reviews, what would you expect in central London. The room was immaculate, the complimentary water and fruit was a nice touch. The room had everything I could have wished for, 4 poster bed, TV, internet access, tea and coffee, buscuits, iron and ironing board, robes and slippers, and a TV in the bathroom. Breakfast in the morning was very good, plenty of choice and variety, if you want a cheap breakfast go to McDonalds, its just down the road, we thought the breakfast was worth it, after all you are in LondonIt was a very hot day, so the airconditioning was very welcome. The location is EXCELLENT for Trafalger Sq, Theatreland, Picadilly, Chinatown etc. I could not faulty this location at all, and would like to thank the manager and their staff for a very comfortable stay and will happily return without hesitation.	
May 15 2008 	The worst Western	The best Western hotel that is a joke. We arrived at the hotel we we had booked a deluxe double, we were taken around a back street to another hotel which they claimed was part of their hotel. We were given the key to our room after climbing hundreds of steps we entered into this very small dindgy dark clamy room. We looked around the room and thought this is a nightmare. I pulled back the sheets to assess them.AHHHGGGH it was disgusting i discovered that there were hairs and huge brown staines on the sheets. We immedietley called and asked to speak to management. They came and apologised for this and offered us an upgrade. We decided to take a look at the other room. The other room was quite large but it was in the basement.. It was was satisfactory, but i went to open the windows and to my horror the all windows were cemented shut the only route out of the basement room was through door we came in . Every ten minutes we heard a loud rumbling noise above us. I,m not sure if this was the laundary shoot or the rickety old lift, It was disturbing. This was a really terrible hotel we couldnt believe this hotel was graded four star it was horrendous.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Location	I really couldn't find anything to fault with this hotel. I stayed on business and found the room spacious, very clean and well-equipped. My room overlooked the side street rather than the main road and was therefore really quiet - I'd recommend asking for a quieter room if available. In the room was a complimentary half-bottle of wine, fresh fruit and chocolates! I had booked a standard rate room so didn't expect any 'extras'. There was also a good choice for breakfast - expect to pay on top of the room rate.The only thing I would say is that the reception area is a little soulless but the location of the hotel is great - and that's what you pay for really. I had previously stayed at The London Bridge Hotel which I liked, but on balance I would perhaps pay the extra for this location.	
Apr 4 2008 	Clean good value and excellent location	First of all, be aware there is a similarly and confusingly named hotel (Best Western Premier Shaftesbury) which is in Earls Court but TA wrongly brings up that hotel's details.This review is about the Best Western Premier Shaftesbury Piccadilly - which is on Shaftesbury Avenue, corner to Dean Street, a couple of miuntes from Piccaddilly Circus.So, excellent location, most major sights within easy walking distance (less than 20 minutes to Westminster Abbey), and of course 100s or restuarnats, bars, and of course theatres.The hotel is either new or very recently renovated - everything is clean and unused looking, in lobby, restaurant (breakfast area in lower ground floor). I had a single room which was tiny but had everything you need / expect and more: comfy bed, writing desk and chair, flat screen tv, ironing board, plus free fruitplatter, water and biscuits, tea and coffee making facilities, nice views over central London skyline, good shower room, with lots of toiletries.All staff were friendly and polite, especially the recepectionist. I fell ill during my stay and had to extent and that was no problem (same rate I booked), and very caring attitude, offering to get me anything I needed.Only thing I disliked - which was particularly an issue as I was stuck in room due to being unwell - was that the windows were secondary glazed and sealed.(Did not have breakfast, just picked up a roll, but it looked very nice, and comprehensive).Still, I'd stay again, and can really recommend this place.	
Mar 29 2008 	great bathroom	Only just joined site so thought would tell of fav places over last few yearsWe stayed here for my partners birthday as a hotel theatre package. Its very close to everything, our fav part was the t.v in the bathroom wall its a small detail but made a big difference.The breakfast was served very well and tasted great. a very pleasent stay.only critisism was they billed me twice for the room but was rectified quickly.	
Mar 29 2008 	Bed Bugs! Do Not Stay At This Hotel!!!	The hotel was terrible!!! I saw bed bugs in my bed during my staying at the Best Western Shaftesbury Paddington Court. The bugs bit me a lot and I had a bad rash in my body. I have been feeling very ichey since the rash came out. I asked a receptionist to change the room but they insisted my rash come from food allergy. They did not change my room. I checked out and saw a doctor at London. The doctor said it was ovious that the insects bit me and my symptom was not from allergy. He said I should have asked the hotel to change the room. Actually I did! But the receptionist ignored and denied... Everytime I see the rash,over my body, I feel angry at the unclean bed and the unkind services of the hotel. The doctor said it may take one year for the mark of the rash to disappear. Also, I saw a doctor and it cost me 109 pounds. In addition, the doctor advised me to wash all things which I kept in the room, because the insects might be in them. So, I had to do dry cleaning my coat, gloves, muffler, bags, boots, etc. It costs a lot, as well. I made a phone call to talk this with a manager of the hotel, but they said manager was in the meeting and I can send an e-mail, instead. I have sent two e-mails to the manager already, but no answer yet. Therefore, I think nobody should stay at the hotel. It is the worst hotel I have ever seen.	
Mar 20 2008 	convenient for the theatres	Stayed at this hotel for one night. It is so convenient for the theatres in Shaftsbury Ave area. It wa nice to come out of the theatre late evening and only have a short walk back to the hotel. Our room was small - when you open the door it bangs up against the mini bar, but apart from that it was spotlessly clean and very modern. Can't see the point to the tv in the bathroom but the free friut and water is a nice touch. We didn't eat at the hotel, there are many good restaurants nearby and chinatown is right opposite. Only complaints were that the rooms are so hot - we had to switch off the radiator and open the windows as it was so stuffy. Our room was at the back so we heard little noise but i'm sure it must be noisy at the front of the hotel - so ask for a room at the back.We will certainly use this hotel when going to london again.	
Jan 8 2008 	Theatre Break	Booked through lastminute.com for £200 a night, bit pricey but thats what you have to pay to stay on shaftesbury ave. on arrival they were selling rooms for £300 a night so that made me feel better! the hotel is 2 minute walk from leicester sq, 2 mins form picadilly circus and overlooks chinatown. Oxford st shopping is a nice 10 minute walk, take the route through SOHO, it will open your eyes! Our room was on a floor recently renovated and was very swish. very nicely decorated, small bathroom (i bange my elbows on the wall when showering. Mod cons of a nice lcd tv and coffee maker. Only one lift which can be slow and i did notice some of the floors were not renovated like our one and they did look a bit shabby. request a newly decorated room if you can.I didnt have to use the concierege services so cant comment on that. The staff seemed ok allthough didnt see one single english person which is a shame. they seem to be eastern euopean or french. We didnt eat in the hotel, whats the point? Angus steak house on leicester sq did a great breakast. This is a good clean place to stay thats right in the centre of it all, id stay here again. the only down side was no car park but there are 3 or 4 ncp's withing 5 minutes walk.	
Dec 21 2007	A good hotel at a reasonable price	This hotel was not as bad an experience as I have seen claimed. The nature of the old Edwardian mansions means that rooms can be small and awkwardly laid out. The bathroom and showers are both very small. I am 5'7&quot; and much larger than me would have been a problem. The beds are typical singles. The furnishings are new and modern. The rooms are well maintained. The location is perfect for me. I attended a conference at Olympia and worked from my office in Holborn. Both are easily reached via the closest tube. For tourists, the proximity to Paddington and the easy walk to Lancaster Gate and a lovely walks to Knightsbridge (Harrods), Kensington, and Notting Hill make this an excellent choice for those on a budget. but want to be near the attractions The staff was friendly and courteous. The free wireless in the generous lounge area and the free internet connections in the room are a welcome plus in London. There are plenty of nice restaurants within easy walk. I recommend the Churchill as a pub. It is a bit of a walk, between Notting Hill and Kensington. It is an excellent pub with good thai food in the back restaurant. Given the condition of the dollar, I would strongly recommend this hotel if budget is a factor in decisions.	
Dec 3 2007 	Give it a miss	My husband and I stayed at this hotel following a business trip in London and decided to have a weekend break from the kids. Firstly, we had to pay for the room on arrival, when usually you pay when you leave. The full amount was paid and then they asked for £20 to hold in case we had any extras. This we agreed to, but the next day discovered that a further £90 was missing from our account. The hotel denied they had taken this money, even though the bank was telling me they had. After more than a week of being £110 short in my bank the money was eventually credited back into my account. I was told at the time it would take 2-3 days for the £20. After complaining both to the hotel and Head Office about the missing money I received no response and had to call again. This time I was told it was company policy to take more money!!On top of all this the room was tiny, had no facecloths or shampoos and credits itself on being 4 star. I don't think so! I will never book a Best Western Hotel again.	
Nov 22 2007 	location location location	My heading for this review might be a common one but in this case it is 100% accurate. The Shatesbury Piccadilly is right in the heart of 'theatreland'. The British Museum, Chinatown, Covent Garden, Regent Street etc for shopping are all just a short walk. The hotel's own website claims that they are a 4 star hotel. Tripadvisor list it as 3 star and this is a far more realistic grading. My Wife and I were lucky because we received a free upgrade to a lovely corner room with a 4 poster bed. So no complaints about the room or the bathroom. Both very clean and well appointed. Only two minuses. There were no face clothes in the bathroom. The hanging space in the wardrobe was half taken up by an ironing board and iron and a third of the space that remained was occupied by two bath robes. (does anyone ever use these ?) The fresh fruit and water and the tea and coffee making facilities were most welcome.Reception staff were friendly and helpful. We used the restaurant for breakfast. I would describe it as a cafe. Very basic, and that includes the food offering. We paid £199 for our room and breakfast. Next time I will negotiate a better price for the room and have breakfast in one of the many cafes within a short walk from the hotel.Would we return ? Yes, but mainly because of the location. This should definitely be a 3 star hotel. Do not expect 4 star facilities.	
Nov 20 2007	Quite good	Paid £189 through a booking site for a single room (which I think was a double room). Check-in went fine. Complimentary water and fresh fruit were nice!We didn't use the breakfast facility, went to Costa across the hotel instead. Location for this hotel is great: only footsteps from the restaurants and bar in SoHo and Chinatown, short walk from Leicester Sq &amp; Piccadilly Sq, close to shopping in Regent St. This is the biggest advantage of the hotelSmall dissappointment: when asking for an Indian restaurant nearby, they only could advise chinese restaurants in Chinatown. However a Google Maps search (using the internet access) revealed there were several restaurants nearby (Dean St).Room was rather tiny, but hey, this is London... Con was that the corridors were very hot, as were the rooms and that the elevator was too slow...Pros: location, free internet connectionCons: noise at night, hot corridors, hot rooms when airco turned off, staff not too well informed, elevator slow	
Oct 31 2007 	Awful Hotel	Both myself and husband stayed at the Shaftsbury last weekend, on arrival we where asked to pay in advance, only one receptionist on thedesk, my card wouldn’t work in the machine (knowing I had the funds available) however she was very rude when I asked her to try the other machine – which went through fine she did not apologise at all, another gentleman waiting to check in asked to see the manager or another member of staff to check him in who apparently where not available. Although arriving at 1415 for check in the room still was not ready and we had to wait in the small reception. The hotel as a whole was in poor repair, the rooms small and not clean. The rooms where very hot and hallways dirty (maids leaving used sheets and bin bags on landings) Overall we found this hotel not to be up to the usual 4* Best Western standard and certainly would not have paid the £340 for our room as advertised on the front desk. The only positive is the location, whichis fabulous although you are probably better off staying in the TravelInn round the corner.	
Sep 16 2007 	Love It	I have stayed in this hotel 3 times in less then 12 months i think that alone tells you i love this hotel location is fantastics rooms are clean and find the fruit in the room a really nice touch my first stay went without an hitch and cost us £109 per night the second time there was a problem with the rooming this was not the hotels fault we thought wed booked a twin this wasnt the case and no twins left available they offered me and a friend a single room each although we opted for a double whats the point in having a girlie weekend and being in separate roomsthis cost us £99 per night and my final stay was march 2007 when id booked for Mum and I to see sound of music i arrived at the hotel tired ill and ready for a lie down the company on the website we had booked with hadnt advised the hotel and no room was ready for us the girl on reception was very appologetic but i wasnt blaming her she sugested we pop across the road for a costa coffee and room would be ready on our return this cost us £99 per night with no breakfast but we were given the breakfast free of charge as a good will gesture although i would admit i wouldnt have paid for it although i was ill and even my favourite food didnt taste nice.Yes the hotel rooms are tiny but this is central london for gods sake the staff are very friendly and help point me in the direction for theatres shopping etc ive stayed on the front and back of the hotel and would proberly request the back its just a little but quiter remember your on Shaftesbury avenue although it didnt bother me too much.All in all the fact ive visited 3 times in 12 months tells you i love it id never stay in any other hotel in London.	
Aug 13 2007 	Overall Good Value For Money	Room was clean but tiny, the air conditioning did work, thank heavens but considering it's location we think that the hotel was good value for money	
Jul 11 2007 	Excellent value for the money	For a hotel in central London, right in the heart of everything, just a stones throw from Picadilly Circus, Leicester Square and Trafalgar Square, this was an excellent value for the money. The room was very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable with high quality bedding. Some may complain about the small size of the room, but be reasonable - this is a downtown hotel. Compared to hotel rooms in Manhattan - the size of the room was more than adequate.Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The one-and-only elevator could use some updating, but it's acceptable.	
Jul 9 2007 	Convenient location good service just needs a little more maintenance	Located in Theatreland, it's a busy spot less than 5 minutes walk from Leicester Square and Picadilly Circus - some of the front-facing rooms were a little noisy at night, but the back-facing rooms were very quiet. I loved the buzz of the area, myself - so many options so nearby!Generally speaking, I really enjoyed my stay. Most of the staff were very helpful and professional and really made an effort to see to my comfort. I felt that legitimate complaints / issues were dealt with very swiftly and the staff were really focussed on going that bit extra to see me right, even offering me an umbrella to take with me on a rainy day. To me, the extra effort really made my stay. The only suggestion I would make would be to ensure that they have better information about services available in the area. I had a long stay so needed a laundrette, but staff had no idea where to find one (yell.com sorted me out though). I would also recommend against using their recommended taxi service (which cost me £22 for a fare that runs £6 in a black taxi).The decor was a bit tired - stained carpets, stuffy corridors, chipped woodwork, and the 'greeting' from the manager in the front of the guest book took me a bit aback to say the least! One gets the impression that the hotel has been abused a number of times by past guests. However, saying that, it's not bad. Just a bit scruffy around the edges.Had some maintenance issues as well - most notably a shower that backed up and flooded onto the carpet. However, staff moved me into a new (and bigger) room as soon as I flagged the problem to them. In addition, all I had to do was throw everything into my cases - they moved all the bags and sorted out room keys and whatnot, so that when I came back from shopping, everything was ready for me.The rooms were nicely decorated and very clean. I loved the little extras like fresh flowers &amp; fruit in the room on arrival.Also on the plus side, the broadband connection was good and most importantly FREE - what a relief from ridiculous hourly charges that some other hotels impose.The breakfast was quite nice and reasonable for hotel prices, and offered in a lovely, relaxing environment. A large screen tv was in the room so you could watch the news and/or read the papers while having your breakfast - good selection of hot &amp; cold options as well. Lovely sausages in particular!My stay was by no means perfect, but the service (aside from one mistake by room service) was excellent and far above what I have come to expect from some other London hotels. I would be very happy to stay here again the next time I'm over on business.Pricewise, my rate was booked via LateRooms and was significantly cheaper (avg 169 per night) than some of the other reviews note, so it's worth shopping around for the best online price.	
Jun 27 2007 	The tyniest room of my life 	I was given room 505 which is the tyniest room I have ever seen... I could hardly walk around the bed ! Also the room had no window, was hot as hell and the A/C did not work.Add on top of that a complete 30 minutes power outage for &quot;maintenance&quot; and trouble with the Internet connection.The only positive side of this hotel is the location, very convenient.Probably the worst hotel experience in my business trips.	
Jun 6 2007	Definitely NOT 4 star accommodation.	Even after the makeover this is not a 4 star hotel. The lobby is minute, the dining room/bar like a staff canteen and the one and only lift, tiny. The double room allocated was on the top floor small and boiling hot, you could not open the wardrobe door fully as it caught on the bed, the bathroom smelt because the toilet had obviously been leaking previously and had not been repaired properly. The sink plug got stuck and I had to call reception and a very nice young man came and managed to get the sink working again fix the light in the bedroom and refll the tissues.The bed was comfortable and the room clean but compared to my last stay at the 4 star Mandeville and the 4 star Cumberland earlier in the year, this is a 2+ star hotel at 4 star prices.	
May 27 2007 	Great Location for First Time Visitors to London	Although I’ve been staying at hotels as an adult for many years, all my experience is in North America and the Caribbean. I, therefore, do not have the experience to compare the Shaftesbury to other British/European hotels. I will, therefore, try to present the facts as I saw them with minimal value judgments.LOCATION: Located on Shaftesbury Avenue, the hotel is close to theaters, tube stops, Chinatown, Soho, TKTS, Piccadilly Circus, Leicester Square, Covent Garden, Trafalgar Square. Shaftesbury Avenue is bustling and at no time does one feel unsafe.THE ROOM: The room with one queen bed is not spacious, but a couple coördinating their movements around the room will have no problem. Our room had a safe, coffee/tea maker, hair dryer, and fridge. The fridge contained complimentary bottled water as well as beverages for sale, which you pay for at checkout. Housekeeping replaced the bottled water as we used them. We were left a package of fresh fruit twice during our seven-night stay. We were left cookies every day. The room had a hair dryer, but no clock. Sockets in the bathroom, for electric shavers, implied that one was for North American shavers and the other for British/European. My electric razor was fully charged, so I never tried it.Drawers and closet space are minimal. An ironing board with an iron attached at a very awkward angle reduces the closet space considerably. We increased the closet space by detaching the iron and storing it on the top shelf of the closet. A daily paper is included in the room price and is delivered to your door. If you bring your computer, high speed internet access is available in the room and is included in the room price. The TV is a flat screen. I cannot comment on picture quality or station selection since we did not attempt to watch TV during our stay. The shower spray is adjustable and the flow is steady. There was no problem with the hot water. There is no tub; the shower is a stall. I believe that a rotund guest would be very cramped and uncomfortable in the shower. The toilet was a somewhat humorous adventure. Like a car that stalls a few times before you get it to start, we never knew how many times we’d have to attempt to flush it before it would flush. The highest was six. A few times it flushed on the first try. I found a maintenance man and showed him the problem. He studied the situation, saw the toilet malfunction, offered a few suggestions that were not going to solve the problem, and declared it fixed. Housekeeping was dependable and performed their duties well. The bed was comfortable. Because the area is bustling and noisy, you can’t leave your windows open at night; so for us that means air-conditioning. Our first room had a broken air conditioner. The hotel supplied us a fan, a complimentary bottle of wine, and changed our room the next day to a similar room with functional A/C. The air conditioner ran quietly and did not make noise as the compressor turned on/off. The room had a three-quarter, but not full-length, mirror. If you stay in one of the rooms that don’t face Shaftesbury Avenue or Dean Street, then you face a neighboring church and a pretty courtyard. The church rings its bells hourly from 7AM to 11PM.ELEVATORS: There is one guest elevator. It’s slow and steady. Being on the 3rd floor [British 2nd floor], we usually took the stairs. The slowness is mitigated by the fact that there are only seven potential stops and it’s a relatively small hotel.INTERNET ACCESS: If you don’t have your computer with you, the hotel provides a computer in a conference room in the basement. The cost is included in the price of your hotel room. A minor problem is that, being a conference room, it’s sometimes being used for a meeting. We tried using the internet access supplied in the room via the TV, but as was reported in a previous review, the pixels were set at such a low number for the screen that the picture was too large and you could see only a small portion of the picture at one time -- basically useless, definitely frustrating.STAFF:Every member of the staff that we encountered was friendly and attentive.	
May 19 2007 	Outstanding location	Excellent location for a tourist in London. Close to Theatres,Picadilly Circus, China town,Soho,Covent Garden and shops.Don't miss the restaurants and bars behind the hotel. Full of night life. Kind, informative and helpfull staff. Hotel recently refurbished to a very good standard. This is THE bargain for central London.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great location for the money	Overall the room was comfortable, though very small (typical of London). The breakfast was simple but fresh. The location, near theatre, shopping, Chinatown, National Gallery is fantastic - and 3 blocks from Piccadilly Station. Costa is across the street for great coffee. I would just say that the front desk staff could all learn to smile and seem more welcoming - the lack of friendliness was off-putting.	
Feb 4 2007 	Not brilliant but consistent	Stayed on business again at this hotel. Twin room wasn't bad although the ironing board and iron take up half the wardrobe space - I'd rather be able to hang my clothes and pay for a valet service!It's a few years now since the last refurbishment and the carpets, fixtures and fittings are showing some sign of wear.Nevertheless, still a good value hotel with efficient staff and an unbeatable central location.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great Location	This hotel is located a few blocks from the heart of Picidilly Circus but also walking distance to ChinaTown, SOHO and many of the best theatres in london.Rooms were small by American standards but because of the location we weren't in the room much at all. Bed was nice as was bathroom. Beware of booking a room for 1 person however as they will give you a single size bed and the entire room is slighly bigger than a decent sized bathroom.	
Nov 28 2006 	Rude Reception - Lovely Room	We stayed at this hotel Saturday 25th Novemeber. We parked in China Carpark which is literally across the road. It cost £29 for 24 hours which isn't bad in London. When we got to reception i thought it was all down here from then.....The receptionist rudley told us that they were over booked and that there was only 1 room available. I explained i had pre booked this room for me and my partner weeks ago. That did't seem to matter to her. She told us the room never had a window but could we look at it anyway? So we looked at it, and thats all we did. It was horrendous. When opening the door it scuffed along side the double bed, the room was TINY. We went back to reception and told her no way. All of a sudden we had a room availble which we should of had in the first place. No apology was made, nothing to say about the room, no enjoy your stay - we were very let down by reception. What annoyed us more was that other couiples were coming in (over 40s, were in our 20s) and they never offerred the room to them. On the way to our room we saw the concierge who told us that they were overbooked and were trying to get someone in that room, obviously which ever poor bugger was last booking in would have that room. What a disgrace. Anyway when we got to our room (this is 45mins later) it was lovely. Really modern which a lovely comfy bed. It was great we had a fridge cos if they think we were drinking there wine at £4.95 for a small bottle (1 glass), we went to over the road to the shop and bought a normal size bottle for £5.99. A can of coke they were charging £1.95!!! Thats just ridiculous. The bathroom was great and we loved the tv in the tiles where u could have any channel on. Our room faced out in to the side street and u can here the traffic and police sirens when ur windows open but with it shut we couldn;t here a thing. And anyway to me hearing the hustle and bustle of London is what its all about. Plus we were too drunk to hear anything when we got back to the hotel anywayl!! We never used any of the facilities at the hotel so cant comment on that. The room is spacious with a lovely warm feel to it. You get to check out it midday which is a bonus seens as most hotels are 11am. The location is excellent, ur in the right place to head off anywhere you need. We booked through [----] and paid £159 for the night. Dont book directly through the hotel as its about £100 dearer and ur be paying over the odds.Overall we had a fab time, the location, hotel, everything was brilliant. Its just a shame we had such a frosty reception to begin with, but i would recommend u to stay there - just try and get booked in early to save getting put in the dungeon room!!	
Nov 22 2006 	Well appointed room but outside noise at night is a problem	We've just returned from an overnight stay in this hotel, having stayed in it some months ago. We booked via a site offering discounts and ended up paying £149 for a double room without breakfast. This was a lot cheaper than booking directly on the hotel's site, and a lot lot cheaper than turning up and booking direct. The staff at reception were excellent and friendly, informing us that there was complimentary bottles of water in our fridge. There was also fresh fruit, tea making facilities and biscuits. The room was clean, had an LCD TV with internet access (we didn't use the internet so can't comment on that), a well appointed bathroom with good toiletries and even a separate TV screen in the bathroom. The bed was comfortable and the shower had plenty of hot water, so no complaints there. The corridors are a little drab, but I'm being picky here. This isn't a hotel to lounge about in .... it's just somewhere to sleep after a day and evening out in London.The downside to this hotel is the noise at night, because its location on a road that connects two very central areas of London together, means that you'll definitely hear sirens at night, and noisy people, even on a weekday evening. For this reason I wouldn't stay here for more than one night, and I don't see this as a hotel for honeymooning couples, or business people. We did not sleep well at all last night.What this hotel has got going for it, is its central location, and a reasonable price as central London hotel prices go. If you're after a hotel for a theatre break (it's 1 minute walk from Les Miserables for example), then this is perfect. If you're after a hotel to stay in within very easy walking distance to Leicester Square, Piccadilly Circus and Oxford Street, again, this is perfect. Surrounding the hotel are many many restaurants and of course all the restaurants of China Town. Perfect - no need for any taxis. The hotel also has a gym but I didn't look at that.	
Nov 16 2006 	A Very Bad Choice	After all the positive TripAdvisor reviews, perhaps my expectations for the K+K George were too high. My twin room was NOT clean.The K+K George is okay if you don't mind filth: VERY DIRTY BATHROOM, urine on the floor, Sticky, no toilet paper and the towels smelt and were unclean. Shame about the housekeeping staff&quot;.Overall the worst service we have ever had.This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I would never never ever stay here again or recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 16 2006 	Great base	Stayed three nights from 11th September 2006. Transferred here by the Hyde Park Paddington Hotel because, despite our booking in January 2006, they had no rooms! We enjoyed the Shaftesbury in room 402. Clean well equipped room (recently refurbished) with TV, internet, fridge, airconditioner, kettle, ironing board, comfortable beds with duvets, good english breakfast, friendly staff. Theatre land on your doorstep and within a mile (1.6km) of many tourist attractions including, buck house, the eye, Leicester Square, Trafalgar Square, parliament, the Globe Theatre, etc. Don't allow the functional, plastic reception area to put you off.	
Aug 13 2006 	Great Location - but a little noisy	Myself and a friend stayed at this hotel for one night whilst in London for a concert. The location of the hotel is fantastic, right in the centre of everything and ideal for shopping, theatre breaks or just for a good night out in Soho (Old Compton Street is just behind the hotel).I had booked a standard double room and on arrival was informed that I had been upgraded to a four poster room which I was very pleased with. The room was a corner room on the first floor and was lovely and spacious. It had a huge four poster bed, flat screen tv, internet access, mini bar, seating area, large windows overlooking Shafesbury Avenue and China town. The only problem was that the room, being on the first floor and due to the central location, was very noisy at night. If I had been staying for more than one night I would probably have asked to be moved. As it was, I was very tired having had a busy day, so I did manage to get some sleep. I think the hotel should invest in some double glazing which might sort the problem out because other than that it is a fantastic hotel and I will stay there again (but will request a room on a higher floor).Can't fault the staff or the facilities - all very good.	
Aug 4 2006	Awful! Only good if you're an insomniac!!	My companion and I were forced to stay at this hotel, when the Shaftesbury Kensington overbooked our room and transferred us.On the whole, our stay at this establishment was unpleasant from start to finish!On arrival there was no-one to carry our bags, and the chap on reception was incredibly rude! We thankfully found the room to be spotless, and well ventilated. However, the windows were not double-glazed, despite the hotel being located on a very busy main road, which is exceptionally noisy - especially at night when sirens, late-night drinkers and car horns can be heard well in to the early hours! Having gone to bed by 10.30pm due to an early start in the morning, by 2am we were still awake, and I was forced to go down to reception and request a change of room!Thankfully, the two young men on night reception were far more polite than their earlier colleague, (openly admitting that they often received many complaints about the noise!!!) and a new room was arranged. However, just as we left the room to move to the new one, reception called to say they had made a mistake and asked me to come down to see them again to change keys for yet another room! This was only a double for that night - which was 2 floors above the first one, and not much better noise-wise - and we had to change again the following day!No apologies were made to us by the hotel for the inconvenience caused!!If this were a 'cheap' hotel I would have less cause for complaint. However, this is apparently a 4-star hotel, with very high prices to boot, and I am sure I am not alone in expecting value for money from such an establishment!!I am confident that 'party people' would love this hotel! However, depsite the good location for shows, shopping, etc. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to receive good customer service, or indeed values their beauty sleep!! As you are unlikely to get either from this establishment!I travel a lot, and stay in London often, but I will NEVER stay at this hotel again! I strongly advise fellow travellers to look elsewhere for their accomodation!!	
Jun 22 2006	Cozy and Chic	This is a chic little hotel!Took is a while to find but we dot there in the end...the reception is a little plasticy but the rooms are totally different! Check in was a little dodgy and slow.My room was on the top floor, nice corner room lush dark purple velvet curtains, dim lighting and the room was a little small. The beds were very, very comfortable fluffy and crisp, Internet access in the room....fabulous dressing table with a little bud vase with a couple of carnations and a platter of fresh fruit tea and coffee. Flat Screen TV and a little lounging area/couch with magazines and papers.The bathroom was a little dissapointing, very small, couldn't swing a cat in it but the shower was nice, showers are always important.I had a view of the Chinatown gate and the London Eye.If you are looing for somewhere to eat, be prepared to stand for up to 30 mins inline for a seat in any of the near by restaurants..the Italian across the road invited us in but had us standing for ages at the top of a steep victorian stairs, pushing and shoving past us trying to make us feel akward, so we left.....straight for Leicester Square to the Angus Steak house...The Shaftesbury is in an EXCELLENT location! a couple of doors down if you come out and turn right is the bar/club Sirocco, very upmarket and fab cocktails!I wouldnt complain about this hotel tbh. Very reasonable price!Try it!	
May 11 2006 	Premier room without a window...	Let me start by saying that I fully agree with previous reviewers about great location of this hotel.Tthe hotel was clean and pretty modern (for London standards). However, those were the only positive things....After reading positive reviews here I decided to book a premier double room for one night. Big mistake! I felt like staying in some &quot;Easyhotel&quot;, since my &quot;premier&quot; room that costed over £150 per night didn't even have a window!?! The room also was so small that there was probably less than 50cm space between bed and walls, there wasn't even room for a single chair. I wonder what the &quot;regular&quot; room is like, is it possible to make it any smaller?So it's a place for just sleeping after having the night out in Chinatown/elsewhere nearby, but that's about it. You could have the same experience at least £100 cheaper from some other place. Personally I will stay away from this place. Romantic getaway in this place? Yeah right... Luckily I was on a business trip so I didn't have to pay the bill for this pleasure	
Mar 22 2006	Great location bad vibrations!	Arrived at hotel 17.00 Tuesday with my mum. helpfull friendly concierge. Got shown to room on 3rd floor, at front of hotel. Twin room, very, very small! Beds were together, person in bed by window had to walk sideways on past tv and desk to get to bathroom. Very clean, dreadfull pillows on bed and extremely hot, unable to change settings on air con. The vibraitions really bad at night, as there is a bus stop right in front of hotel, and the busses when they are sitting there with engines on send vibrations up through hotel which you can really hear and feel, not good. Managed to sleep eventually. Breakfast good of it's type. Friendly staff. Great location, just ask for a room at the back of the hotel!by the way, our reason for visiting London was to go to The Palladium for the 'Sinatra' show. If you see one thing, make sure it is this. It is FANTASTIC! Could watch it again and again.	
Mar 1 2006	One to avoid	I was disappointed when I stayed at this hotel. The double room I had was quite small and the TV/Internet did not work properly. I returned to reception and was allocated anther room where the TV/Internet did work, but be warned! Although the hotel does offer free broadband Internet access as advertised the screen resolution size is fixed at a ridicuously large size, which makes navigating for such purposes as internet banking impossible. When I rang reception to ask if the resolution size could be changed I was told it couldn't be.Add the less than friendly staff to the picture and I'd say you are best advised to try elsewhere.	
Feb 14 2006	Excellent choice for enjoying London's nightlife	If you're looking for a romantic or relaxing getaway in London head for the Portobello Hotel or the Hazlitts. For 5 star service, perhaps the Halkin or the Dukes might suit you. However, if you're interesteded in enjoying the bustling day and night of Central London while staying in a clean, affordable, and functional hotel, the Shaftesbury will result perfect. A friend of mine and I booked a double premier room with a nice king bed through londonnights webpage and found it very satisfying. We actually ended up sneaking in a third friend and the 3 of us still managed to fit confortably in the king bed. The bedroom itself was decently sized, airy and with two nice big windows facing dean street. The bathroom was fantastic, with functional non-flooding-american style shower and equipped with another TV and american sockets. Even though you could hear a bit of noise at night it was nothig to prevent you from sleeping, and you have to realize that you're actually ON Shaftesbury Ave. and a block from Old Comptons Street. The staff were always nice and helpful and always left any left messages under your door. However, what I valued most of this hotel was the location. Everything is walking distance! It's great to be able to walk back to your hotel at any time without having to take a taxi.	
Jan 19 2006	Excellent location; clean comfortable room	I was a bit concerned about staying here after reading some of the reviews, but as a single woman staying in London the location was ideal for the two theatres I was visiting. I needed have worried as I was pleasently surprised by the whole visit.I found it better to book via the Best Western web site as the room was much cheaper with their special offers, though they were non-refunable. The staff were friendly and helpful, with an offer of help with my luggage. I was given a free, unrequested upgrade as I'd requested a bath and their single rooms with baths were occupied. The room was small, however plenty of room to manouver and everything to hand. It was clean and nicely decorated, and the bed was one of the best I've ever slept in - one to sink into without it being too soft, the linen was clean and crisp, plenty of natural-fibre pillows.The bathroom was clean and a nice size, thoughthe TV in the bathroom was a novelty, though difficult to see from the bath and the picture was never quite right. However this was a luxury not a necessity and the main TV worked well. I would advise though that they increase the number of channels availabe - BBC1, BBC2, ITV and C4 were the only options.The fresh fruit and complimentray newspaper were a nice bonus. I didn't dine at the hotel so cannot comment on the food. There is a free luggage room, though I did tip the 'consierge' when he brought my luggage as I left as he'd been helpful throughout the stay. Again the staff were great and very accommodating.All in all it was a great experience and I would recomment it and consider staying there again.	
Dec 26 2005	Good location but can be better	We were there for our anniversary, basing on the name : BW Premier Shaftesbury because in France the BW Premiers are the top of the BW. In fact, here, premier is only the name of a local chain...Location is very convenient/theaters, Piccadily, shopping...We have a room on the avenue so very noisy even late in the night...and I have requested a quiet and large room for our anniversary. It was called &quot;juniorsuite&quot; and I 'm always looking for the &quot;suite&quot;. bath room was only a shower...Staff was courteous and smiling but didn't remplace quietness and squarefeet..I think BW have to change the denomination &quot;premier&quot; in this particular case, because it allows some (voluntary ???) confusion...	
Nov 23 2005	Better than expected	I was concerned by recent bad reviews and would not have booked this hotel had I read them first. I nearly cancelled actually but I am glad I didn't.Good points - excellent room, fair size and well equipped with everything working. Clean, comfy bed and good bed linen. Breakfast was very good in a small, bright, airy room. Bad points- Reception area is very plastic. I had to wait quite a long time to check in as two receptionists dealt with a group of four.The hotel is brilliantly positioned in the theatre district close to Soho and Covent Garden. Tips - book a junior suite and phone to tell them you may be late as I think there were people being moved on.	
Oct 27 2005	A dirty unfriendly dump!	We were sent to the Shaftsbury by the Best Western Paddington Court hotel. The only good thing was our cab was paid for and supposedly we were &quot;upgraded&quot; at no charge.The Shaftsbury is okay if you don't mind filth, torn carpeting, dirty banisters and dark hallways. Urine on the bathroom floor, televisions dangling out of the wall, Sticky, dark, unknown substances staining surfaces and broken coffee machines. If you are the adventureous type and the possibility of catching a disease from unclean surfaces, the Shaftsbury is your place to stay in London!It was awful. I would not recommend this place to an animal.	
Oct 27 2005	A real dump -- what a mess!	We attempted to stay at Padding Court hotel where we made reservations back in the spring but we (as I see others were) shuffled off to the Shaftsbury where we really got the shaft. We did not get to the hotel until late in the evening after the restaurant was closed. The entire evening was wasted driving around due to a &quot;problem with the rooms.&quot;What a dump! I have pictures to prove it. There was dried, (crystalized yellowish blotches that weren't in the tile pattern) urine on the bathroom floor, the TV was knocked out of the wall and hanging by wires, the carpets were torn. We had a basement room down a long dark hallway and had to walk 2 flights of stairs with our luggage to get there without assistance. One does not want to use the banister at the Shaftsbury because it was covered in crud and dirt.Don't book at the Best Western Padding or the Shaftsbury. These are awful hotels.	
Oct 23 2005 	Avoid at all costs	I concur with the reviewer who dubbed this hotel &quot;a nightmare&quot;. I'm convinced that some of the 5-star reviews of this site must've been done by hotel staff or else someone else compensated to give this wreck of a hotel a good review.I don't know where to begin. Firstly, the service and attention to detail that you would expect from a USD275/night hotel were just NON-existent. The hallways were narrow and uncomfortable, with stains on the carpets. The hotel room smelled as though it had a toilet leak - awful. I won't even criticize the room for noisiness because it's understandable that a room adjacent to a major thoroughfare would be noisy. But the front office staff seemed as though they could barely understand English.Then it gets worse. The shower head on the cord didn't work. It was uncomfortable temperature-wise, and I couldn't find the thermostat for the life of me. Would you believe that a $275/night hotel DIDN'T have a THERMOSTAT? They said they'd just installed a new heating/ac unit on the wall in three units, but only had 1 remote control. How ludicrous is that? The guy comes up with the remote control, but he can't leave it with me because it's supposed to serve three rooms. Well, I can adjust the [expletive] heating/ac unit manually MYSELF, I don't need hotel staff to do it. Basically, there was NO way to have the room maintain a constant temperature. If you were too hot, you had to get on a CHAIR to reach the unit and turn on the AC. But since there was no thermostat it couldn't self regulate. So, of course, if you were to fall asleep and it got too cold, you'd have to get out of bed to turn the AC off. And so on, ad infinitum. To add more pain (or humor, depending on how dark your sense of humor is), the front desk staff didn't even know what a thermostat was. I kid you not. I asked, &quot;Where is the thermostat in the room? I don't see it?&quot;. He responds that it was on the wall, but it was obvious he thought I was referring to the heating/ac unit itself. I said, &quot;no...not the unit...the thermostat. Where is the thermostat?&quot;. Whereupon I hear him talking away from the phone to one of his colleagues, and I hear him say the word thermostat, then he comes back and says, &quot;oh, if you go three blocks down Shaftesbury...&quot;I'm not kidding you, people. Just to illustrate that he didn't know what a thermostat was.Want more? I had a very important business meeting and decided I would take a nap. I asked the staff for a wakeup call. Having been travelling through Europe on meetings I had been exhausted and needed to be fresh for the meeting. I wake up an hour after my meeting was to start, three hours after I'd requested my wakeup call. No wake up call. I called down, furious, inquiring. &quot;Oh...we had it written down here, I'm not sure what happened&quot;.One of the very few outlets in the room didn't work. And the manager, after all the aforementioned catastrophe, could muster nothing more than an &quot;I'm sorry&quot;. No mention of a partial refund, no complimentary breakfast, not a cup of coffee or a cookie.All I ask from a hotel is that the room is clean, things function, and the service is good. Any hotel, regardless of the price, should be able to provide that. The best thing I could say about this hotel is that the room had a nice tv. Other than that...things didn't work, and the service was absolutely TERRIBLE. They will never, ever, EVER get my business again. This is the worst hotel experience I've ever had, in 20 years of international travel for business and pleasure.	
Oct 1 2005 	The room was so small!!!	Stayed here for 2 nights as a woman on my own. I was attending a course. Lucky that the very pleasant reception staff upgraded me from a single to a double as I would hate to imagine the size of the single room! There is hardly any room left for a suitcase! The bathroom is tiny. No room to put your things. I felt somewhat claustrophobic but being so centrally located made up for it. I was a little disappointed with the internet browser in the room which did not work well. The staff were very nice. Without them I think it should be a lower star rating!	
Jul 8 2005	Would Highly Recommend this Hotel	My sister and I traveled to London from July 3-6, 2005. I had done a lot of research on various websites (tripadvisor, londontown, expedia reviews, london hotel reviews etc.) as I am a very picky person when booking hotels. I want just the right hotel, for the right price, location, as well as decor and cleanliness. After much research and contemplations between hotels at Earls Court, Euston, Russell Square and Westminster areas, I selected the Best Western - Shaftesbury. The room is a bit on the small side, however very clean, bed was comfortable, great location, (3 blocks from Picadilly line) and a central location to all major attractions (5-10 minute walking distance to Piccadilly Circus, Chinatown Trafalgar Square, Soho) - (Underground distance to London Eye, Big Ben, Westminster, Tower of London, Tower Bridge, ) The hotel was at a reasonable price especially for the location. (119 pounds/nite) Hotel staff was also helpful, One person at the reception desk was a bit on the rude side, but other than that everyone was very helpful. I would definately recommend this hotel and would absolutely stay here again. Hope this is a helpful review to those reading it. (FYI - this is my first posting a review on tripadvisor.com, so it says alot for me to type a review. I normally just read reviews and keep opinions to myself)	
May 31 2005	Tiny room but convenient	The BW Shaftesbury was perfect for my trip, but the room size was downright funny.I booked a single and the bed was at the end of the room, extending the full width of the room - 6 feet maximum. You couldn't put your bag on the bag trolley without blocking the door. Thank heavens I had a small bag!The pluses:1. Location to theaters: perfect. I was only 1/2 to a few blocks from all of the theaters I wanted to see, and only 4-5 blocks from the Piccadilly Underground station. There are many restaurants and convenience stores in the area. This was great for a woman traveling alone as I didn't have more than a couple of blocks to walk home after a show.2. Bathroom: the shower worked well, good hot water. Sink had good water coming in, but could easily overflow as it was small. Nice free toiletries. Only 1 bath towel and 1 face cloth.3. Bed was very comfortable with a comforter, sheet, two great pillows.4. Air conditioning worked - and I was there on an 89F day when it was truly needed!5. High speed interent access free. Worked great.6. US plug in: this was wonderful to have for my laptop.7. Nice flatscreen TV, with a webTV sort of internet thing. This didn't work so well for me as the screen didn't resize, so had to scroll around everything. I was happy I had brought my laptop.8. Bowl of fruit on arrival.9. My room was very quiet, it was at the back of the hotel. One afternoon they were playing music in the room next door and it was very loud, but when I flushed the toilet they turned it off. So, it may be noisy if you have neighbors.Drawback: Incredibly small sized room. But, that said, it worked fine for little old me.One complaint: on checkout, they handed me a bill which showed their rack rates after the first night rather than the rate guaranteed by my reservation, a difference of 418 pounds!!!! Luckily, I had my internet reservation printout and they corrected it immediately with no fuss.Moral: always bring proof of your rate.	
May 1 2005	Good value for money	Just got back from a night in London where we booked in at the Shaftesbury hotel. Got a good rate of £99 for a premier double room, which was very very small but modern, clean and comfortable. Staff very friendly and the hotel is right bang in the middle of everywhere that you could possibly want to go to. Obviously it was extremely noisy being in the heart of Theatreland, and the noise doesn't stop all through the night - so the best thing to do is make sure you have a few bevvies to help you sleep right through! Would defintely recommend this place though and we will definitely be going back again.	
Apr 29 2005 	Good hotel but make sure you get the right room	Stayed here in April for four nights and was initially allocated an 'attic' room (510) which was so small that the bed stopped the wardrobe door opening fully. There was just a shower , rather than bath as advertised so I complained and was allocated a much better room (207). This was adequate in size, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom spacious with a good shower and a small TV. You have to request some of the advertised features, i.e. a DVD player and a bathrobe. There are tea making facilities and flat screen TV. I requested a quiet room , rather than one overlooking the busy Shaftesbury Avenue. The location is great if you are going to the theatre and if you like to be in the midst of the west end throng. It is opposite Soho with its many chinese restaurants.	
Apr 25 2005	Great location very good hotel	Like other reviewers, I was nervous about booking the Shaftesbury, but the hotel has been extensively modernized (albeit not always organically). The bathroom, especially, was nicely finished, though the plumbing drained slowly, and neither the heated towel rack nor the in-wall TV worked. I had a &quot;junior suite,&quot; which isn't large; based on the floor plan, I couldn't imagine staying in the standard rooms. (And, like another reviewer mentioned, the two twins pushed together to make a king bed do not align well.) The service is pleasant, and the breakfast is adequate. The location can't be beat for a theater trip, though the street noise does make itself heard late on Friday and Saturday nights. I got a very good B&amp;B rate on the Best Western website; and I've certainly paid more for less in London. That's the bottom line, really. For a central London hotel--most of which range from appalling to mediocre and all of which are astoundingly overpriced--the Shaftesbury is a solid choice.	
Apr 17 2005	Excellent Location Good Hotel	Just returned from a 3 day break in London to take in the sights and see Patrick Stewart at the Apollo. Checked out this site before staying at The Shaftesbury Hotel and was a little nervous because of some of the reviews. We booked through the Best Western site and found the cheapest deal was to pay fully in advance to get the best price (The Best Western site was cheaper than booking direct with the Hotel itself). Arrived early afternoon and had no problem booking in. Was offered help with my bag but politely declined. The room was a standard double for my wife and I. It was very clean and tastefully decorated, had a shower but no bath (whch is fine by me) and wasn't huge but perfectly comfortable for 2. Our room looked out onto the church to the rear of the hotel but the chimes stopped at 11pm and didn't start again till 6 or 7am and the double glazing kept most of the noise out. The Hotel is situated on Shaftesbury avenue which is perfect for both theatre goers and sightseeing. The Apollo which we were going to was no more than 100m down the road. To the front of the hotel is China Town and to the rear is Soho so it does get very lively on an evening and means there is plenty to do. A lot of the comments about the noise from it's location are a little exaggerated, the rooms are double glazed and i had no difficulty sleeping. The only disturbing noises i heard were from other guest who had children running in and out of rooms and the doors were slamming shut and because the rooms are close together the noise does carry but it is a hotel and you do have to expect that other people will be staying there.If you like to moan about the little things or if you can't sleep unless there is complete silence then don't stay here, but if you want a nice, good value hotel in the heart of London then i can highly recommend The Shaftesbury Hotel. I hope you enjoy your stay as much as i did.	
Apr 4 2005	Great Location but no attention to detail	Have just returned from spending a night at the Best Western Shaftesbury in London. Location wise it was great, between Piccadilly &amp; Leicester Square and within easy walking distance of Covent Garden, Oxford Street and Trafalgar Square. The hotel was advertised as having just been modernised and updated which was very true, the rooms being very modern and &quot;designed&quot;. Trouble was I think they paid more attention to the design than the practicalities. Every surface already had stuff on it - the desk had a tray with kettle, cups coffee etc. but the lead was too short to reach the socket. The cups were very nice but too small to use a whole coffee sachet unless you like rocket fuel. The bathroom was tiny with no room to put any of your own toiletries though it did have a TV.... The hair drier would not reach a socket anywhere near a mirror. We booked a junior suite which was basically a room with a settee in it. The bed was two singles pushed together with an uncomfortable join in the middle. As our room was on a corner it was very noisy which I suppose is really to be expected on a busy main road. If you want a quiet location this is not the one. I expected more from this hotel to be honest especially at the price as its not cheap. (ranging from 150 - 300 a night) It did for our needs as we were only there for one night and had a busy schedule of theatre, exhibitions and sightseeing but for any longer you would not have room to move.....	
Mar 20 2005 	May As Well Buy a Lottery Ticket	BEWARE! I can't write a review of the actual hotel as I've never managed to stay there. Twice now I've booked and when I've arrived I've been moved to another hotel. The first time the excuse was computer problems and the second, &quot;Health and Safety&quot;. What rubbish! On each occasion, despite my vocal protestations, I was moved to far inferior hotels, and not as central. I work in London two or three days a week and frequently stay over so I know the hotels well and this has NEVER happened to me with any other hotel.If you don't mind where you stay then try an &quot;Allocated on Arrival&quot; deal and save a lot of money, because that's what booking at the Shaftesbury Hotel seems to amount to in my experience. Their customer service is an absolute disgrace in this day and age.	
Mar 9 2005	A little less conversation?!	Spent a weekend here 05/03/2005 with some girlfriends. The rooms are very small but clean and the beds are very comfortable. One of the problems we had was that our rooms faced Shaftesbury Avenue so the noise was constant all night long. Sirens, shouting, car horns etc. The key cards would only work at certain times of the day and when they did work we had to shoulder charge the door Starsky and Hutch style in order to get the door open. This was very amusing at the time but it was that sort of weekend! Some of the staff were friendly and welcoming whilst others were cold and sullen. As we were checking out I don't think the receptionist spoke one word to us and spent 10 minutes taking a private call whilst dealing with my credit card. I would return for another short visit but this time i would request a room at the back of the hotel.	
Feb 20 2005	Excellent Location	My husband and I arrived here for the weekend of 18th February. We had booked to see Mary Poppins in the Prince Edward Theatre and wanted to stay in a nearby hotel due to it being a nightmare finding a taxi after the evening performance!The check-in staff and porter were friendly and helpful. The porter chatted as we went in the lift to our 2nd floor room. The room was small [as is usual for central London] but it had everything we could have wished - TV, radio, internet access. The plate of fruit - despite a negative mention from a previous reviewer - was most attractive and very welcome!The corridors are narrow and very much like a rabbit-warren - but the room numbers are signposted well along each corridor.Breakfast was adequate but it would have been nice to see more fresh fruit and selection of breads [and toast] as is customary in most hotels these days.The only negative comment I have is that the hotel has but one lift which is rather slow. You can wait a disproportionate length of time waiting for it to arrive. However, due to the layout of the hotel, I cannot see how they could add a further lift!Great location! Good service! Would recommend it to anyone wanting the West End!	
Feb 4 2005	Shaftesbury Hotel is a nightmare	Our stay at the Shaftesbury Hotel was easily the worst hotel experience my partner and I have ever had in Europe. Our room, considered a Premium room, was small but that was really was not an issue for us. What’s at issue is the how this hotel is mismanaged. The woman we dealt with at the front desk was sullen, cold and unfriendly at both check-in and check-out. Regular room service had been discontinued due to remodeling, which is understandable, but there was no mention of it at any time prior to check in nor any notice on their website. Three light fixtures in the room didn’t work during our stay (only one was fixed after speaking with the front desk). Our room was boiling hot (and I do mean boiling) day and night with the radiator always turned off. We were told at the front desk to turn on the air-conditioner but couldn’t because the only way to do so was via a remote control device that was missing from the room. Several other items like an alarm clock advertised as to be available in the room were not. But the best of all was the noise coming from the hallways and neighboring rooms, and when guests doors were closed, they ALL slammed shut so loud it was as if a rifle were being discharged next to your head. One morning at about 6 AM we awoke to the sound of crinkling plastic wrap coming from the hallway that lasted for more than two hours. To our amazement, the housekeeping staff had turned the ENTIRE 2nd floor hallway into a linen closet, individually wrapping hundreds of towels and bed linens in clear plastic bags that stacked almost to the ceiling. This wall of linen remained in place all week. Oh, and the Welcome plate of fruit that you get on arrival, it’s really ugly. There are other hotels in Soho; save yourself the aggravation and stay clear of this place.	
Jan 16 2005	Better than most London hotel experiences	Had a night staying here with a theatre visit for our wedding anniversary; was really pretty impressed with the hotel, considering previous London Experiences. Room wasn't the biggest, but it was veru nicely furnished, well appointed, lovely bathroom, good aircon; bit of street noise from outside but what do you expect in this location? Location as far as Theatreland is concerned couldn't be better; right in the heart of the West End. Staff friendly and efficientI recommend this hotel, if you get a decent deal through the Internet as we did (£120GBP for a four-poster room), and book at least a junior suite. Rack rate is astronomical and the lesser rooms probably too small	
Jan 4 2005	Clean and great location	I stayed here for two nights in a triple room a few weeks back. We got a good deal online, though the reception staff were going to charge us again for the room (even though we'd already paid online). The rooms were very clean, yet did not have many of the facilities as stated online. There were no cd players in rooms, and no internet - one of the main reasons we chose to stay there. They did however let us use a computer in the basement area. The manager was very helpful and friendly to us -she could not have done more. The things I didn't like were the tiny lifts and corridors - the lifts were very hard to use when you have a few pieces if luggage. I would stay here again however.	
Nov 30 2004	Great Hotel Location and Staff	The room was about the same size of any NYC hotel room, if not a little larger. Try to get a room off of Shaftesbury Ave side...it is a little noisey. Rooms and bathrooms very clean, staff was very helpful, and we were close to everything! We will stay here again and recommend to others! Thank you Shaftesbury Hotel!	
Oct 16 2004	Good location but a little noisey	Stayed here in Feb, room was nice and clean and was at the front of the buiding, but was on the cold side, however, heater was provided to aide this. Bathrooms were nice with tv in there, so good to watch. Only complaint was the noise, facing the front of the building, traffic did not stop from morning till night. Good location though, if you want china town (across the road) or SOHO (at the back of the hotel).	
Oct 13 2004	Poor value for the money	Room was pigeonhole sized with suitcase blocking the dresser (or bathroom) when opened. And this was for the equivalent of $200 US a night. I do not consider this a good value. Also the toilet handle had to be pumped at least twice to flush. The staff was cordial and helpful and the location in the midst of the West End was great but that is not reason enough in my opinion to choose the Shaftesbury. The Thistle Piccadilly, in the same neighborhood, at the same price, has much larger rooms and more amenities.	
Jul 28 2004	Great location tiny rooms	Probably the best location in London. Right next to Picadilly Circus and Leicester Square and just a short walk from Oxford Street.Very nicely decorated rooms but let down by their tiny size.Worth staying at if you can get a decent price.	
Jul 25 2004	BW Select Shaftsbury - Good Location Bad Hotel		
Jul 14 2004 	Great Location and Rooms		
Jul 8 2004	Very Nice and Affordable		
Jun 22 2004	Simple Clean Nice Bathroom what more could you ask?		
Apr 15 2004	A wonderful surprise!!!!		
Feb 27 2004	Unbeatable value and location		
Feb 27 2004	its fine		
Dec 8 2003	Just terrible - stay away from that place		
Aug 19 2003	Great Location Average Accomodation		
Mar 12 2003	Can't beat the location		
May 23 2007 	Muy recomendable.OJO AL RESERVAR NO CONFUNDIR CON EL DE KENSINGTON		
Jun 9 2006 	bizarre vous avez dit bizarre....		
