Nov 20 2009 	New style Novotel in "new" area	Location in new office and hotel area arising from what used to be derelict, and very convenient; it will be even more so when the taxi drivers learn how to find Kingdom Street (this is the first time in my life that I have had a driver who did not have a clue where to go, but maybe that's the driver, not the hotel's fault).Very modern style downstairs with some overuse of plastic, but comfortable and roomy public areas. the bedrooms offer either giant shower or bath and shower and reception offers you the choice. Rooms are large, bright and well equipped with enough room for a small sofa, and flat screen TV with adjustable angles for viewing from anywhere in the room. Excellent bathrooms and separate lavatories with curiously small toilet bowl. Bed was firm and comfortable, the pillows unpleasantly soft and squashy, but my solution was to take the (firm) cushions from the sofa and put one on top of each pillow...after that I slept well.Breakfast service was very efficient, and the selection very good. The English breakfast let the side down, being poorly presented, possibly because the kitchen put out far too much food in each serving bowl, so that the bacon, sausages etc were congealed and unpleasant . The working area outside the breakfast room was most efficiently run, and coffee is offered free of charge to guests working there, a nice touch.	
Oct 30 2009 	Location location location	2 first timers to london, we were SO happy with this hotel! (partially because we got an amazing deal with Air Canada Vacations) Located in Paddington, right near the tube and train station and there is an express train that goes from there to Heathrow so it is the BEST location if you want easy access to the entire city and not be in the super busy downtown core of London. Walking distance to Little Venice, and a little longer walk to Portabello Rd. and Notting Hill. If you are going to stay here, get the breakfast included in your stay, it is a very good buffet breakfast with lots of different options, you probably won't have to eat a full meal at lunch - we saved lots of money this way 	
Oct 25 2009 	Great Experience	I was in London for a week visiting with friends and needed a place to stay. The Novotel was an easy walk to Paddington station which had several tube lines to choose from. It also made travel to the airport easy with the Heathrow Express train. I did not find the front desk staff overly friendly, but they did attend to any questions or requests I had promptly. I wasn't there to make friends with the staff. I found the bar/restaurant staff quite friendly, particularly in the morning when going for the buffet. The room was nice and modern. I was offered the choice of a room with a tub when I checked in, but declined. I loved the style of the shower/sink. The toilet was in a separate room, but that did not bother me at all as it seems to be somewhat common in the UK. I loved the overall style and feel of the hotel. Everyone was very professional. My room was always very neat and tidy when I returned at the end of the day. I had no trouble finding the hotel from the station, once you head out the exit by platform 8 there are signs right there. It felt like a very safe area at night with the security staff on site.The only hiccup I experienced was the lack of parking in the area when my friend would visit or drop me off. If you're not driving, it's fine, and from what I can tell, parking everywhere in London is a bit of an issue.Overall, I loved my stay here, and would definitely return!	
Oct 22 2009 	Great location in a quiet area	The hotel was a bit hard to find at first, but it was actually very accessible from London Paddington. The area is quiet, and I didn't have any sense of insecurity walking to the hotel at night. The rooms were clean and well furnished. The styling was very modern. The only criticism about the rooms was that the air conditioning was not very good and the blankets were very warm. Despite being next to a highway, the soundproofing was outstanding, I didn't hear anything at all with the windows shut. My stay included daily breakfast, and the hot buffet breakfast was fantastic. The concierge staff were very friendly. The two computer terminals in the lobby were always taken over by kids watching Youtube, or they were empty but the internet was down.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very Good	Hotel absolutely extraordinary.In addition to its privileged location close to Paddington Station it's excelent service and quality are very close to the best hotels I ever stayed.It has a fantastic gym and an outdoor swimming pool interior optima in order to relax.It took about 10 minutes to find the hotel but after finding the first time is easy to find again, is a question to ask before you arrive the hotel small signs and everything will be fine.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great hotel close to the station and nice facilities	I was weary regarding the location of this hotel reading previous reviews however the hotel emailed me before hand to give directions which was great. The hotel seems quite new and is very nice modern and clean. has a great pool, gym steam room etc which kept my daughter happy. the resturant was great for both dinner and breakfast!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Average Hotel - Poor Service	I read with interest the prior reviews and honestly I'm a little surprised by those that comment positively on the service. Overall this hotel is quite average but probably a reasonable stay if you have business in the on-site business park. Outside of that I'd suggest another location. As always let me take this is pieces.Service: D- (was an F- until checkout… that was on the only time the front desk was pleasant) ... Upon arriving after my 11 hour flight I entered the lobby to find all three desk staff on the phone. None so much as offered a courtesy glance in my direction. I waited for a couple minutes for one of them to get off the phone and proceed with check in procedures which at this hotel includes not just taking an imprint of your card but also running your card for a gurantee for the entire stay. I travel a lot and have never seen anything like that before. Another issue which most folks won't need to address is that I had to extend my stay before arriving. I was told that there were two different reservations and therefore I'd need to change rooms mid-stay. What? Fortunately after a lot of complaining they relented. The gym requires that you go to the front desk each morning to get a key to the gym. Again, something I've never seen before at any hotel I've ever stayed at. Anyway, I dress for the gym, head down at 6 a.m. to get my key and the only desk agent is helping another guest. Mind-you I'm standing there in my gym clothes and the gym key's are right next to his hand - all he had to do was hand me a key but instead I waited. A woman stepped out from the back and ignored me and proceeded to turn around and go back into the back. After another minute she returned and asked me if I needed help. I was in my gym clothes - it's clear why I'm standing there – it was a matter of literally 2 seconds to hand me a key – what’s up with these people? I then went to locate the gym but the signage was terrible. I had to return to the front desk and ask them to help me locate the entrance which they did. Overall very poor. Signs would be great guys!!!Lobby: D. Business hotel like with Mac's on tables for guest to use. No warm inviting decor. Very small and cramped neo-contemporary. Functional yes, but uninspiring in every way.Rooms: C+/B- The hotel is new so the rooms are still in good order but have a drab contemporary decor. Bed was a bit hard but I like a hard bed so no issue for me. Internet is functional but quite expensive. For those that like a bath - forget about it - no bathtub. Fortunately not something I use but something to be mindful of. I'm wondering how the person that posted earlier – the one with the family - bathed her children. I guess she was in some sort of upgraded room based on her post.Location: C-. Honestly this should be a B. The location is a 5 min walk out the back of Paddington Station. This should be a positive but I'm marking this down because of poor signage. I mean a couple of signs would be all that’s required to direct guests to the hotel. If you don't know where it is I suggest you get directions before you leave. That said, Paddington Station is central and offers direct access from Heathrow via the Heathrow Express.Resturant/Bar: C. Bar has some action after work when the nearby businesses knock off for the day but later in the evening it is as dead as one can imagine. If you want action walk across the way to the pub next to the Starbucks. Note the bartenders at the Novotel were great. The breakfast in the restaraunt is average by European standards. Very acceptable.Gym: C+/B-. Small but functional. Indoor pool (a bit small), changing rooms with sauna's. The gym itself has 2 treadmills, 1 eliptical, and 2 stationary bikes. Additionally a bench press maching and lat pulldown machine as well as a set of dumbells to 40kg were available. I found it VERY frustrating that I had to visit the front desk daily to get an access key however. I have NEVER seen such a thing anywhere I stayed. Had it not been for this and the lack of proper signage I might have rated this higher.Overall the Novotel Paddington is very average. Had I to do this again I'd probably stay at the Hilton Paddington or do like I typcially do and stay at the airport and train in. But again, this was a business trip. If you're coming to the UK on holiday I'd suggest another property - this is not a &quot;holiday&quot; hotel by any means.	
Oct 15 2009 	Marvelous	Excellent hotel with a magnificent location (5 to 7 minutes from Paddington). Short stay but a excelent quality hotel. Would unhesitatingly back	
Oct 14 2009 	CONVENIENT 	Just spent 5 nts. @ Novotel Paddington. Room was nice size for London &amp; the included breakfast was a generous buffet of eggs, meats, cheeses, fruits &amp; cereals. Staff were courteous &amp; helpful.We booked directly with Accor chain [1st timers] and got a great rate in advance of 99gpb per night +tx. The hotel is a quick 7 minute walk from Paddington RR Station, where we were able to connect to LHR via train,....pick up tube &amp; buses for anywhere in London we wanted to go......and even availed ourselves of Tour Bus pickups daily outside the Hilton Paddington above the RR Station.....very convenient !	
Oct 13 2009 	New hotel in Great location	We only had 2 days in London so Paddington was the ideal choice as the Heathrow Express and Heathrow connect (extra 5-10 minutes but half the price of the Express) finish there. The hotel emailed the location map a couple of days before our arrival so it was easy to find (once we found that the end of platform 8 is really at the other end of platform 8). It is about 5-8 minute walk to the hotel from the station. If I you are a single female traveller arriving after dark I probably recommend taking a taxi to the hotel from the front of the station as you need to walk out to the back of the station and along the canal in a very lonely area. The tube connection from Paddington is excellent although probably 15-20 minute ride to some of the sights, and the double decker city tour bus also passes through Paddington - and this I can highly recommend as this is a big city!The service was pleasent and efficient if not super friendly.The room was very comfortable even for the 3 of us. The triple glazed windows mean that it is very silent. There are no views from this hotel. Free internet in the loby for 20 minutes was handy.The buffet breakfast had excellent choice with great crossants and buggettes as only the French can make. The service again was pleasent and efficient. There is Starbucks on the way to the station that had sandwiches, yoghurts and even porridge as an alternative breakfast. A very pleasent stay.	
Oct 2 2009 	Beautiful hotel that lacks hospitality...	We checked into the Novotel Paddington after an 11 hour flight. We had our printed reservation in hand, but the hotel's computer system was down and they were unable to assign us a room until the problem was fixed. We stood around in the lobby for a half hour not knowing when we'd get a room. No apologies from the staff. It would have been lovely if they'd offered us a drink while we waited, or a complimentary breakfast to make up for the delay, but none were offered. This was the attitude of the front desk during our stay - no effort to make the guests feel welcome or wanted. Also, guests are charged for breakfast every day whether or not you eat breakfast there - you have to tell them to take it off the bill. They also charge you for the free wifi and then take it off the bill at checkout - seems like a really strange way to handle it. Don't know if this is standard procedure in the UK, but we didn't like it.	
Sep 30 2009 	Wonderful staff; fantastic service; great experience for families for short stays	We had a fabulous experience at this hotel. It has been hard to balance a quality hotel with a child-friendly experience in europe - but this hotel has managed it. The service we had was exceptional - it wasn't what we were expecting from a hotel we assumed to be more focussed on the business / Mon-Fri client than a family with two little kids. But! They were great. We had a minor incident where our 7 year old accidentally locked herself in the room and the way in which the Novotel staff handled this situation was reassuring (as a distressed parent!) and exceptionally professional - for which we thank them! The kids menu was ideal and they treated our children as valued guests, which is incredibly rare. Location was good - we walked all over London city (Buckingham Palace, London Eye, etc, etc) and then walked home which took about half an hour. Very close to public transport (bus, train) as well as the canal to head down to the Zoo or Little Venice. The only criticism we have of this hotel is that the room was small. We booked the 'family room' which was meant to be larger than the rest but when I visited a friend also staying at the hotel, it was the exact room with the sofa bed folded out which cramped the room terribly. Next room size was a considerable tariff hike (ie GBP200+ extra) which wasn't really an option. In the end, it didn't matter because we spent our days out &amp; about and evenings in the Novotel restaurant and the room really was just for sleeping. All in all - strongly recommended for families with children. Our kids haven't stopped talking about the Novotel (and would like to move to the Novotel!!!!) :)	
Sep 30 2009 	A good compromise	Stayed here for 4 nights in late Sept 09.A good compromise of location, comfort, convienienvce and cost. Location/convienience - 5 minute walk to Paddington Tube and Railway stations. Get from here to anywhere in central London in under 30 minutes on the tube. Get from here to Heathrow in less than 30 minutes on the Heathrow Express.Comfort - a new and well equipped hotel - comfortable, extremely quiet room and good modern bathroom. Located in a new business development precinct with taxi access but no other vehicle traffic.Cost - Booked online and spent an average of 140 pounds a night for superior room and breakfast. Pretty reasonable for London.	
Sep 29 2009 	Perfect spot but hard to find	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews at Tripadvisor, and I was not disappointed! Clean, good service, good food in the restaurant both at breakfast and dinner! Quite near Paddington Station with the Heathrow Express. We had trouble finding the hotel the first evening, since the road and buildings are all new. Neither my GPS nor Google Maps gives the correct location for Kingdom Street, so look it up on Novotel's web site. Some trouble with the shower making the bathroom a minor swimming pool was the only drawback with our stay.	
Sep 24 2009 	Superb	Exceptional hotel. Close to everything and in a great city. And best of all is to reach a long day in the city and have swimming pool to enjoy. Unforgettable experience. Repetition undoubtedly	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent value for money hotel	Fantastic new hotel literally a short stroll from Paddington Station (located minutes way from the end of Platform 8) - the hotel emailed directions the day before our trip so this hotel couldn't have been easier to find. We had breakfast for two (for under £8) at Starbucks which was situated just across Sheldon Square next to the canal. Our hotel room was very quiet and the bed was extremely comfortable and the staff helpful and attentive.	
Sep 7 2009 	Its Ok for a quick stay.	I dont think Im being spoilt, but even though I only paid 130 pounds for the one night, which is considered cheap for London, it hurts when I think about what I would get back in Melbourne for the same price. Why does london have to be sooo bloody expensive!!!! LOL The staff were nice, the room was clean ( and hot). It can feel like a bit of a long walk with luggage from the train station, especially after a long flight and the room service food was a bit on the yucky side for the amount you pay.Yet I would still stay here for a very short stay if I could get it at the same rate. I would recommended this hotel to a friend but also warn them that what they wont get the same bang for their buck that they would in possibly another city- but every body knows that dont they?	
Sep 6 2009 	Perfect location (when you know the trick) and great sauna	I wrote the directions at the end of this...I think they will be helpful. I stayed here for a week with my sister and 12 year old nephew. I was really impressed with just about everything at this hotel. Thanks to tripadvisor I knew to ask for a room upgrade and for 10 pounds a night we had wifi in the room, a small fridge, kettle, expresso machine, and amazing view. It was super convienent for us. We had to take a few things out of the fridge to fit our own snacks in it but there was no problem with that. The days started great with an amazing breakfast. I have travelled a lot and this was the best breakfast I have every had - literally something for everyone, no line ups and the most servers I have ever seen. I think they clearly understand they have a diversity of travellers who have a diversity of tastes. My nephew and I ended each night with a swim, sauna and steamroom. Although the showers in the hotel rooms are very nice the shower in the gym has a massive rainfall head and I loved that. In terms of the location I find it hard to believe that anyone would complain. It is about 5 minutes to the tube and there is a starbucks and Stansbury and other stores along the way. If you have not experienced Marks and Spencer (M&amp;S) Foods they have great take-away salads, fruits, juices etc... and there is one in the train station. From the hotel you can easily walk to Kensington Palace (30 minutes), Little Vencie (5 minutes), Camden Market (50 minutes), London Zoo (35 minutes) and lots of other places. I really recommend the Camden Market, we took a canal boat there from Little Venice and walked back. The walk along the canal was really nice. Great hotel, great staff, great deal! It is new and modern and if you are looking for authentic London this place might not suit you but the amenities we had, perfect temperature rooms, and access to the tube made it more than worthwhile to me, and I do tend to prefer the authentic experience. Really though, the hotel is just where you sleep at night and why not sleep in a supercomfy bed. Alright here is some advice on finding it. When you arrive at Paddington on the tube, you are either coming in on the Hammersmith and City Line which is at the end of the train station that you will want to be at, or you be on the Bakerloo or Circle both of which are at the other end of the station than you will want to be at. So if you do come from the Bakerloo or Circle line you will want to walk lengthwise inside the train station and head up the stairs (there is a ramp to the right of the stairs) on the far right of the station (there are no stores at this end of the station). You can also follow the sign for the Hammersmith and City Line or the pink line on the floor of the station that will lead you there. If you are getting off the Heathrow Express head to the end of the platform that does not have the stores and go up the stairs or ramp. Once you are at this side of the station head right and follow the path outside. If you are coming from the Hammersmith and City Line you will just go straight as opposed to going right and into the train station. When you get outside just keep heading left (walk under the bridge), and you will come to Starbucks, Stansburys, some other stores and this amphitheathre type green space. Again just stay left and you will see a number of office buildings. The Novotel as the last one on the left. It is quite easy and if you are like us you might luck out and see people pulling suitcases and you can just head from where they came... well that worked for us anyway. Arriving we took the tube from Heathrow and it was about 40 minutes. We did take the express train back but you pay for the convienence of that express train!Highly recommend it!	
Sep 5 2009 	Great value	We got a pre-paid rate for an Executive Room including breakfast on the accor.com webpage for 134 GBP per night. For that we received great value.The hotel lies in a newly constructed office and residential area behind Paddington Station bordered by a motorway, railtracks and Regent's Canal, the development is still a little lifeless and artificial but offers a supermarket, some restaurants with outside dining on the canal front, bars and a Starbucks. From Paddington Station (tube, busses, Heathrow Express, national railways) is is just a under 10 minute walk to the hotel. Just down Bishop's Bridge Road it is only a short stroll to Bayswater and Notting Hill with countless nice bars and restaurants. The Executive Room was spacious and comfortable, featured a comfy bed (mattress may be too hard for some people), bathroom with tub and separate shower, nice bath amenities, free in-room wifi (Executive rooms only), flat screen TV, a Bose iPod docking station and a Nespresso coffeemaker. Toilet was in an extra room. Although the hotel was fully booked and lies - as mentioned - in a rather noisy location, the room was absoutely quiet.Breakfast buffet offered a good choice of items, restaurant staff was friendly and efficient.The public areas were modern and attractive and the lobby feature a nice bar and two free Apple Mac internet terminals (which were constantly occupied, so I would recommend an Executive Room, because it doesn't cost much more than a standard room with 24 hour internet access). Front desk staff was efficient, though it wouldn't have hurt if they greeted guests entering or leaving the lobby.Bottom line: highly recommended for tourists and business people on a budget alike, if you get a good rate.	
Aug 25 2009 	Suprisingly quiet for Paddington	Stayed for 3 nights in August with wife and kid.. Got an executive room, king size bed and a sofa bed for kid.Good points- effecient service and cleaning. Check in and out prompt and speedy. Rooms very quiet. 3 lifts are quick and no long waits. 2 Macs in reception for free 20min use. Free in room wifi but need to get a code from reception desk every day. Good service at breakfast. Exec rooms have 4 free Nespresso capsules per day. Yummy. Free boarding pass printing if emailed to the hotel.Bad points- rooms very warm and A/C units are not very powerful. Toilet (WC) room is not in the bathroom and has no wash hand basin. Evening bar service very slow.We didn't have time for the pool or gym on the M floor. Hotel located in Sheldon Sq which is modern and well lit and felt very safe. Short walk from Paddington station.	
Aug 19 2009 	Couldn't fault the holtel	Stayed for two night mid August. The hotel is in a great location only 5 minute walk from Paddington station which has underground links to rest of city. It is located in a newly developed area near the canal with a pub, cafe and several restaurants nearby as well as a Sainsbury's express. The hotel was contemporary in style, a bit soul less but otherwise I couldnt fault it. The staff were pleasant and accomodating. Check in and check out were simple. I paid £218 for 2 nights including breakfast for three which in my opinion for a hotel of this quality was excellent value.The rooms were spotless. They werent the largest I have stayed in but more than adequate for two adults and a five year old. The toilet was separate from the bathroom which had a separate bath and shower. Considering that there is still some constuction in the area the hotel was well insulated from noise.The breakfast itself was a choice of juices, cereals, fruit, meats, cheeses, pastries, and english breakfast. I would certainly consider staying there again.	
Aug 16 2009 	Modern but souless	This is a very modern hotel, we stayed here for 1 night before travelling back home from Paddington. It is about 15 mins walk from Paddington in a complex near the canal there are coffee bars, zizzi, sainsburys metro well with in 5 mins walk. The hotel itself was a typical modern souless Novotel. Although we booked rooms together they were on different floors. The room itself was comfortable with a walk in shower which I class as a real bonus. Breakfast was fine our room rate included this, although the dining room was really bland wouldn't want to eat there in the evening. They had a left luggage which was great for leaving cases before travelling home from Paddington. Main issue was only 1 lift out of 3 were working. This was not good as the hotel is on 10 floors. There was a note on the lifts saying please feel free to use the stairs! other than that I would consider this hotel for a stay in Londonl	
Aug 13 2009 	Great rooms great value.... a London suprise...Stayed 3 nights	Stayed 3 nights first week of August 2009, came in on Heathrow Express to Paddington, short walk to hotel from rear of station. Three underground lines serve Paddington making all areas of city easily accessible. The hotel is in a newly developed business/apartment complex very quiet weekends and evenings but a Starbucks, three restaurants and a super market are just outside the hotel, all in a plaza concept with no traffic. If you want a relaxing place to return, after the London crowds and rush, this is it. The hotel was very clean, the staff was courteous and attentive, and the swimming pool was an added bonus, very unusual for a London hotel in this price category The room was exceptional with a comfortable bed and hideaway for our grandson. Tea and coffee service, iron and ironing board, minibar, room safe and flat panel TV with I-pod connection are provided The bathroom had very modern shower with separate toilet. The elevators were quick, and efficient. We will be back	
Aug 11 2009 	Great hotelfriendlyattentive staff ideal location. Child Friendly.Would go back.	Visited London for a couple of days this year to link in with a trip to Legoland Windsor.Chose this hotel as we have previously stayed at this chains hotels and always enjoyed our visits.This time was no exception. The whole hotel was very clean, the room was a good size even with the sofabed folded down for our son to sleep on. We had a few requests to the staff which were never a problem. Vegetarian sausages were provided on request, which surprisingly in this day and age is still a novelty. Only slight grumble was our MP3 connection didnot work, but really for the time we spent in the room this did not matter.The room was totally soundproof. View wasnt great but then again I did not expect to see the hanging gardens of Babelon!!We are already planning our Autumn trip to London and will definatly be staying at Novohotel Paddington.	
Aug 2 2009 	Comfortable quiet and convenient	I chose this hotel to be near Paddinton Station for the Heathrow express. While there is still some construction going on in the area, I was amazed at how well insulated the hotel is....though our room overlooked the railway, it could have been in the middle of the country , it was so quiet. The bed was large and very comfortable, the staff pleasant and helpful and the breakfasts were excellent. We stayed for 6 nights and the price was very reasonable. I will certainly go back to this hotel.	
Jul 21 2009 	Surprising location	Hotel is located at the back of paddington station, you walk along a canal, then turn left at starbucks. Hotel reception was very efficient. Good lifts. Room was quite spacious with a small sofa was well as a bed. The toilet is totally separate to the bathroom itself with a door just inside the room. Another door slides over the bathroom which was strange. Breakfast was OK but the background music really irritating. A good value hotel in a suprising location though we found the walk back at night a little too quiet for our liking.	
Jul 20 2009 	This hotel lacks character but I'd stay here again if the price was right	We paid £100 for two for a Saturday night stay in July (including breakfast) booking directly through the Novotel website which was good value. The hotel opened in Sept 08 as part of a new build apartment, office, and retail development close to Paddington station.It's so new it doesn't appear on many maps but walk out of Paddington station, turn right out of the taxi entrance. Once you get to the end of Eastbourne Terrace, it's pretty much in front of you, among a group of six or so new glass clad high rise buildings called Paddington Central. The immediate area is pretty souless but you are so close to Paddington, the tube, and Central London that this hardly matters. If you do make the effort, there are some decent pubs and restaurants not too far away in the Little Venice / Warwick Avenue area. It's five minutes walk along the canal which runs alongside the development. The Prince Alfred, near the junction of Formosa St and Warwick Avenue, is one of London's best pubs. The adjoining restarant is also a corker. The nearby Waterway (Formosa St) is also a decent eaterie.The hotel itself is clean, spacious and quite stylish. The bedrooms are big and quiet. There's a small bath and a good shower and separate toilet as well as a safe, iron, mini bar, and tea making facilities. Beds are spacious and comfortable. The restaurant, where we had breakfast, was light and very spacious. Service was good as was the cooked breakfast. This hotel lacks character but I'd stay here again if the price was right.	
Jul 16 2009	Modern clean and perfect location	I stayed here in June 2009 with 15 of my friends for my hen weekend. The hotel staff could not have been more accomodating or helpful. Nothing was too much. The bars are very nice and relaxing and the hotel offers all you need. It is the perfect location for accessing London's tourist hot spots.	
Jul 15 2009 	MORE FOR ADULTS THAN CHILDREN	After reading the reviews of this hotel from other customers we expected a bit of a &quot;wow&quot; factor but we found it pretty much the same as any other Novotel. The reason I was prompted to write is that we chose this hotel mainly to use the swimming pool for our children. I'm sure other families will know how difficult it is to find a family hotel with a pool in central London with a limited budget.Our children aged 5 and 4 were in tears as the swimming pool at this hotel was 5 FIVE AND A HALF FEET DEEP all the way round. No shallow end. Not the thing you would expect from a family friendly Novotel. One morning the manager was greeting guests at breakfast and we highlighted our views to him about children that are unable to swim not being able to use to pool at all. His response was &quot;you will have to bring your armbands the next time&quot;.Useless.	
Jul 14 2009 	ModernSpaciousAccessible	Located 5mins walk to the Paddington Station. So accessible via the metro. Felt safe even near midnight. Newly operated hotel,very spacious and clean. The front desk staff were helpful, namely Ms Agnes. Will stay at this hotel in future.	
Jul 10 2009 	Brand new modern hotel only a few steps from Paddington station	we stayed there for one night in june because it was the recommended hotel of our business partner located nearby. i was very nicely surprised as this is by far the best novotel i have ever stayed in. we took an upgrade to an executive room when the receptionist asked us whether we intended to use their wifi services and then pointed out that the price of that room would amount to the same as our original booking + internet, as that service was included in the price of the executive room. we thought this was excellent, unprompted customer service! the room turned out very spacious by london standards and even sported a very nice i-pod docking station. breakfast was nice, all staff very hepful. we will definitely be back next time for a meeting in the same area.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great base for West London	My husband and I spent one night here and loved the place - super clean, modern hotel with organised staff. The rooms are air conditioned, no noise at all despite being sandwiched between the Westway and Paddington Station. Lovely, powerful freestanding shower unit and all in all a very cool room indeed on a sweltering July day!!	
Jul 6 2009 	Clean bright new hotel in great location	Stayed here for one night in June. Was impressed with hotel lobby on arrival and check in was quick. Had room on 7th floor overlooking station but the rooms are very well soundproofed so no noise at all. Had drinks in bar which was modern and had good service, also a bar meal which was of good quality. Only downside was a glass of wine was £6.40 which is maybe comparable to London prices but seemed pretty steep to me so I stuck to beer. Room was clean with nice shower. We didn't opt for breakfast as our rate didn't include that. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 3 2009 	Top quality hotel	Stayed 3 nights and the room were fantastic, bathroom excellent, clean and very new hotel with good service. Very close to Paddington station, (5-7 min walk).	
Jul 2 2009 	excellent	Clean, quiet, perfect service, great breakfast...absolutely the best :-)	
Jun 27 2009 	Clean very spacious and great location	Stayed in the Novotel Paddington after having read great reviews on Tripadvisor. Welcomed by a bright lobby. Quick check-in. Surprised to see a spacious North-American-sized room. Extremely clean, and well laid-out rooms. Small buffet breakfast, but all selections of good quality. Fair service (except for the 3 times housekeeping walked into our room on the day of our checkout, well before checkout time). Short walk to Paddington station. A few cafes and restaurants very close by. Would definitely stay the next time we're in London. Certain recommendation.	
Jun 27 2009 	location location	My wife &amp; I stayed 3 nights. I chose this new modern hotel because of its proximity to Paddington and the cheap room rate (99GBP B&amp;B). We arrived on the Heathrow Express (faultless) and endured the 5 minutes with luggage to the hotel. The 9th floor room faced west &amp; overlooked the railway and was very quiet. Spacious room, modern &amp; clean bathroom. The breakfast was probably better than I had expected from a large hotel chain. We dined at local restaurants (pretty good) which suited us for this short stay in London. Use of free internet computers in the foyer a bonus. It would be hard to find a better deal in expensive London.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fabulous	Fabulous hotel, close to everything, metro at 5 minutes walk. The most amazing is the price, very cheap for a hotel of its category. Nothing bad to the point. All superb, starting in attendance to pass on the quality of breakfast and stop by their fabulous facilities. Again without hesitation.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent location for travellers using Paddington Station.	My wife and I stayed in the Novetel for one night in June. The room was spacious, very well appointed with a very comfortable bed. The shower room contained a large modern shower and the toilettries provided were of a high standard. Although the hotel is near a main road it is very well sound proofed. The staff were friendly and helpful ,we would certainly stay there again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Would have a hard time beating this!	Just returned from a lovely weekend staying in the Novotel London Paddington. Booked a few weeks ago having found a page on their website for Family stays (we have a child age 4), the family option allows a late checkout of 5pm if required. Located in a newly developed area, the hotel is easy to get to from Paddington station or by car, there are a few shops and eateries close by overlooking the canal. The hotel is well appointed, modern, and has a nice feeling about it. The pool was lovely, not massive but enough to do a few lengths, nice sauna and steam room as well.The room rate was about £150 for a single night including breakfast, I chose to pay an additional £15 at booking for an upgrade to executive room, this includes robes, slippers and coffee maker. On check in we received a free upgrade to a suite, this was excellent and spacious, the main room had table and four chairs, sofa bed that made two singles (very comfortable), tea and coffee making facilities, mini bar, LCD TV, Bose sound system and a separate WC.The bedroom had Super King bed (6ft wide), LCD TV, Bose sound dock for iPod, master bathroom (big tub, and separate shower).Breakfast was good too, and catered for most tastes. Excellent service, and the restaurant manager was spot on, greeting us, making sure we were had everything we needed and wished us a good day on the way out.Having stayed in a few modern hotels I have to say how surprised I was that there was no noise from inside or out! I wouldn’t hesitate to stay again.	
Jun 10 2009 	A decent choice hotel in London	I picked this hotel in my recent stay in London as I wanted a fairly new hotel and didn't want to pay too much money.I guess my expectations were met as I was neither overly disappointed nor was I impressed with the hotel.My previous experience at Park City Hotel (for almost the same price) was much better in terms of even better location and that was a hotel with some charm and character.When I checked in at 1am, the front desk seemed efficient but I was given a handicap room ... Luckily, another reviewer had mentioned this earlier so when I spotted the telephone with the enormous numbers and the shower built for handicap persons, which was not part of my needs, I immediately put on an angry voice and demanded a room change immediately. This was easily done and I was in my new room in 5 minutes.The room condition was fairly good as the hotel is quite new. Everything is functional and works well. There was air-condition controls in the rooms (low, medium, high) and I found it worked sufficiently well. You could not open the windows fully ... just about 5 inches to get some ventilation in if you wanted. The only criticism I had was the corridor had an awful chemical odour, which I think came from their cleaning solution. Thankfully, the odour did not permeate into the room.Breakfast was a buffet spread to be expected. The usual sausages and eggs ... decent but average and I actually skipped breakfast for 2 of the 3 days I was there.There are 2 macs at the lobby which allow you free internet access. There is also wireless internet and you can sign up for a password and pay according to time logged on. I bought a 2 hour pass which cost 7 pounds and that, more or less, lasted me 3 days as I only logged on intermittently at night to download mails.The hotel is in the middle of an office complex, located a brisk 5 minute walk from Paddington Station where you can catch the tube or the Heathrow Express, so that's quite good. However, there is not much interesting things in the &quot;complex&quot; ... a starbucks, a sainsbury mini-mart that closes by 9pm, a couple of bars and eateries ... for real shopping, eating, you have to get closer to the city.Overall, this place won't blow you away ... but it's safe, clean, and price-wise is about 100 - 140 pounds depending on the day of the week you book.	
May 20 2009 	Just lovely	Well, it is brand new, so everything is pretty much perfect. The views from the rooms are lovely, towards Royal Oak. Can even see Wembly in the far distance. Excellent access to the Heathrow Express. Paddingtion station is 5 minutes walk, depending on the weight of your luggage.	
May 15 2009 	Spacious rooms great hotel would stay again for sure	we stayed for 4 nights in March and from the time we arrived to the time we left we had no problems at all. We had a cot in our room and still had space to move around. The room was cleaned everyday, the staff were friendly and courteous. Would most certainly stay there again due to the space and only a few minutes walk to the tube. Nice peaceful area which suited us. Very modern inside and out. Ordered room service and the food was good too.	
May 11 2009 	will be back	Stayed in the Novotel Paddington for one night over the weekend, had booked and prepaid earlier for a bed and breakfast rate of £99. When I arrived at the hotel,it was quite early i.e 10 am but room was'nt ready, was offered an upgrade for £10 to an executive room which I took.Room was good size with minibar and bose docking station for MP3 player. Room overlooked the trainlines coming out of Paddington but with sound proofing you could'nt hear a thing. Opted for breakfast in the room which was excellent, £3 supplement per person. did'nt use the bar etc.  Location was excellent , a few mins walk from Paddington, and the different tube lines. Walked back around midnight from Paddington, very safe. There's a Sainsbury local near by which was handy.Really convenient for Heathrow when using the Heathrow connect which I would recommend, took about 20 mins, cost was £6.90 single.Next time, I'm back in London, will stay here again.	
May 6 2009 	HOTEL EXCELLENT - LONG DESSOLATE WALK FROM TUBE AT NIGHT	We stayed at this hotel last month and the hotel itself was excellent, rooms great, lovely power shower, great breakfasts, staff very freindly, however, the long, dessolate walk from the tube at night spoiled our stay as we eventually gave up and had to taxi back at 17 pounds a time from Leicester Square.	
May 1 2009 	Couldn't fault	I've been there each week for the past four weeks and a few more to come. Location is good. 5 minutes walk to Paddington railway station. Three Metro lines within 10 minute walk. Hotel food is good, but there is also a good choice of places the immediate area. There is a Chinese, Italian, Steak place, a really good Lebanese and also an outdoor bar. There is also a Starbucks and other shops around. This is very handy as you don't to go to far to get what you need. Back to the hotel . They have a small pool, clean but nice. There is a sauna, steam room and also a small gym. Can't fault the staff. Bar opens till 12 and they serve food till about 11pm. Menu is good but small.	
Apr 21 2009 	A reasonable chain hotel option	Stayed here for a 3 night work trip as I wanted to be close to Paddington Station. It was booked at £129/night, which is considerably cheaper than the quoted rate. The room was a reasonable size for a London hotel but had a strange layout with a separate bathroom &amp; toilet and the tiniest wardrobe ever. The fittings were clean and modern but very hotel chain standard - it felt like a budget hotel trying to be a little upmarket and not quite managing. Internet access was fine but at a pricey £15. The pool and gym was tiny, hardly worth bothering with. Breakfast was OK, nothing to get excited about. Overall, it's fine for a brief work trip but nothing more exciting.	
Apr 21 2009 	Very hot and stuffy lacks atmosphere. Not great hotel.	Have stayed at the Novotel three times in the last month for business/leisure. I continue to be disappointed. The location of the Novotel is very good just minutes from the back of Paddington Station. Its in a quiet area, which is mainly offices so at night it is very dead altho maybe it would be different in the summer. Security men are present so it feels safe. Restaurants are nearby inc starbucks.DISLIKED; SERVICE;. Check in lines can be long. They have a computer in reception with 20 mins free web on it. Please note that there are two but only one is working. Alot of the time kids are using it so hard to get on to it. Also be warned, even tho there is a boarding pass icon on the screen, they dont actually print it off. You have to email it to them. I had problems getting into my email in Dublin so couldnt do it. After the 20 mins, the file where it had been saved was deleted. I then spent 15 mins onto airline to sort problem out. I used the phone at reception as there was no way I was going to do it from the room at my expense. Staff were not very helpful. I also had a problem with getting a message from reception. i had been in contact with a company on three occasions one day and they told me they had left message at reception. I was not given this message and upon check out was told ' oh the message indicator on your room phone is not working' ROOMS; Very hot. Very stuffy. Small. I turned the heating to cold and put fan on for entire stay. No difference. THERE IS NO AIR CONDITIONING. Unbearable at night - very warm. had to sleep with no sheets. and this was in April. RESTAURANT; Food is good, but portions small which is not a bad thing when eating late, but if you are a hungry guy after day out sightseeing, you will need extra side dishes. breakfast is a walloping £14 regardless of whether its a bowl of cereal and fruit or full cooked breakfast. This should be addressed. Pool is nice, but very small. two kids using it when I did so could not swim up and down without bumping into each other. LIKED: changing rooms are very nice and clean. Bathrooms in rooms are nice and modern. Location is good.OVERALL; This is an ok hotel, bar is nice altho what it would be like in summer with lots of children around i am not sure.	
Apr 16 2009	Novotel Paddington	The Novotal London Paddington is a new 4 star hotel situated in a new complex of offices, restaurants. You can buy food or have coffee and food in the center of the complex.The location is one of the best in my opinion, just a few minutes walk from the Paddington Railway and underground station. One of the reasons I chose this hotel was because I knew the beds would still be firm and the facilities not yet worn out. I was right. Beds were great, covers still clean, bathroom shines with new gadgets. All rooms are perfectly isolated against the outside noise. There is a shortage of hanging space and closets. If you stay (like I did) a whole week, most of my things remained in the suitcase. The rooms are cleaned everyday and all towels are changed. The hotel was fully booked probably due to the Easter vacation. The price I paid for the double room was 109 pounds and an additional sum of 14.50 pound per person for a nice buffet breakfast . If you want to stay a few more hours in the room, you have to pay 15 pounds per hour. Internet is also available in your room paid on an hourly, daily or weekly basis. There are two computer stations in the entrance hall but they are always occupied. The staff was very courteous and efficient, a bit of friendliness would not hurt the receptionists, but this is not really a complaint but rather a comment. All in all we were very happy at the hotel. More details:Novotel London Paddington Address 3 Kingdom Street, Sheldon Square London , W2 6BDUnited Kingdom  Phone [--] Fax [--] E-mail[--]	
Apr 16 2009 	Would definately stay again!	Stayed for the bank holiday weekend with partner. Excellent hotel situated in a brand new, modern business area, with good restaurants/cafes and shops (e.g. starbucks, zizzi's, sainsbury's and subway) just out of the door. Was surprised at how quiet and relaxing the area was for central london - had a very 'safe' feeling walking around it and there is a private short walkway to nearby Paddington station.Very modern, spacious and clean bedrooms, with a particularly super shower. Very soundproof from the neighbouring A40. Staff friendly and bar/restaurant facilities great - the buffet breakfast was of brilliant quality though had slightly limited choice. The leisure facilities felt like new and were very clean, relaxing and generally impressive.Only minor problem was queue to check out in the morning as the entrance foyer is quite small and gets very busy around 9-10am!Would definately stay here again and recommend it to all my friends and family.	
Mar 17 2009 	Very nice London option	This hotel is very new with a modern look. The location is great. The rooms are clean and good size. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Overall it was a great choice for business travel, but I could see how this would be good for families as well. There are new restaurants and other specialty stores in the same business complex making it very convenient. The food was good, not great, but certainly nothing to avoid. The pool and fitness center were small, but very clean and nice overall. I would highly recommend staying here and I plan to again for my next visit to London.	
Mar 15 2009 	Good staff but many problems with hotel	This hotel seems pretty new and there were workmen in situ, wiring and fixing elevators when we arrived.Considering this isn't a budget hotel, I was surprised to find there was no service to take our luggage to our room. Maybe living in Dubai has spoiled us but it may be something they should bare in mind.The first standard room we were offered had recently had the carpet shampooed and had a real funky smell, so we went back to reception and requested another room.We were given another standard double room, without being told that the room was specifically for special needs. I was annoyed to find the shower head only reached a height of around four feet. I called reception (from our phone with gigantic buttons!) and was told that yes, we were in a room for people with special needs and should have been told this when we moved in.We were offered a cheap upgrade (£10 per night) for an executive room, which was a very nice room to look at but did have a few issues. Firstly there's no heating so the room is freezing cold and quite uncomfortable as a result.I connected to the outrageously expensive internet at a price of £18.99 per day, only to find that (a) it is not high-speed and (b) I have severe problems connecting to the BBC, Facebook, Twitter, etc. Even the delivery of email seems to be a problem. Another kick in the teeth for the price we're paying.Through all this, I should say the staff are very nice and the manager was pleasant to deal with but if you're not accustomed to complaining, after the first couple of times the British reserve kicks in and we felt bad about constantly calling reception.Sadly it's been an unpleasant experience and one that has jaded our stay in London. The hotel should be a relaxing haven to return to after tramping around the city. It hasn't felt that way and I wouldn't recommend staying here.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great place in London	Great location in central London next to Paddington tube station in a new mixed business / residential area, so very quiet outside business hours although there is a small supermarket 200m from hotel.Stayed on executive floor with fabulous views over west of the city. Perfect soundproof. Breakfast (limited choice of items but all top quality) until 12.00 on week ends and late check out on Sundays are nice touches. International staff all the way very helpful and efficient. Had the worst pillows ever (we asked reception for stronger ones but unfortunately could not provide us with anything else) : woke up with terrible headache every morning !A very good and wise option for leisure or business, but bring your pillows with you.	
Feb 24 2009 	ultramodern ultraclean ultracool	LOCATIONThe hotel is in a very new development under construction (feb 09). Extremely smart and ultramodern. Walking distance from Paddington. Quite well connected but not really central. Consider some time to go to the city by car. View over other buildings and the station, TRANSPORTgreat if you go by train.If you drive there, be VERY carefull: you have to gain access to the hotel through a boomgate where there are NO SIGN of the presence of the hotel. I spent half an hour going up and down looking for the hotel. You arrive at the boomgate, you call the porter of the complex (he is not working for the hotel!) and tell him you are going to pick or drop someone at the hotel. No parking inside!PARKINGyou can park overnight to the very expensive paddington station. It's quite a long trip walking. The cost is 25£/day or something like that. However, during the weekend I found a *free* parking slot on a narrow road on the other side of the road after the boomgate.ROOMSI got 2 executive rooms that where extremely nice and supermodern, quite large. Toilet and bathroom (separated) were very clean and with an efficient design.RESTAURANTAgain ultramodern but nice. Excellent fish and cakes but quite expensive. The risotto was very good. Note there are a few restaurants inside the complex, under street level, at the small roundabout you will find if you come by car.However, the best add-on is the free-expresso machine in any room with capsules included. This was one of the best coffee I run through while in London (note: I'm an Italian and I usually do not appreciate british coffee :))COSTquite pricey but understandable, except for the parking problem.PERSONNELvery friendly and efficient with me. I asked for an additional expresso capsule (there were 3 decaffeinated and 1 dark in the room upon my arrival) and they bring it to me apologising in a matter of minutes. FACILITIESother than the great expresso machine, the leisure center and the pool are very very good.OVERALLif you like ultramodern, ultraclean things, it is very good.If you like things old and romantic, this is not the place to go. The place is way too cold in this case.INTERNETavailable but very expensive	
Feb 20 2009 	Fresh and modern hotel with excellent service and reasonable prices	We found a really good rate incl. breakfast on Novotel's website, just £99. This is a cheap price for central London, so we were amazed by how nice the hotel is. Very friendly and efficient. staff Super clean and modern hotel building, in a peaceful new business area by the canal (Paddington Central). Triple glazing = no sound from the adjacent motorway and railway. Good leisure club (pool and gym). Wonderful breakfast. Easy to find from the Hammersmith and City tube station at Paddington. Also, well served by the Number 15 bus (every 10 mins) that goes to Marble Arch, Oxford Circus, Trafalgar Square and The City. Highly recommended!	
Feb 15 2009 	Nothing to complain about	We stayed here for 2 nights (Thur -Sat) and were more than happy with the hotel. I received directions to the hotel and a map by email after booking through their web site (they have a best price guarantee). We walked from paddington station and found it without any bother. Every member of staff we met was friendly and helpful. We got seated quickly for breakfast and they always seemed to be putting out fresh food. I did notice that the crowd seemed to build towards the end of breakfast so if you're travelling with a large group I would suggest not leaving it till the last minute - otherwise you might have to wait a while to get seated together.We stayed in a twin room (105) which was lovely and bigger than expected for London. It was clean and bright and it did look out into an office building - so what? If you find the view that upsetting don't look out ! They have things called curtains which you can close! Some other reviewers talk about the hotel lacking character. My advice would be - get some friends and bring them with you if you need character and don't expect too much. It is only a hotel after all . I would recommend this hotel to friends and family. It is a good 5-10 minute walk from the station but i think it's worth it. Having seen the other side of Paddington where the rest of the hotels are I think I made the right choice. There is a starbucks and a few restaurants nearby which looked lovely but we didn't have time to try them out. There's also supermarket if you want to get snacks or drinks without paying minibar prices. Overall, i think this hotel is a really good find.	
Feb 14 2009 	Beautiful modern fresh hotel	I have just returned from a wonderful 2nd stay with my boyfriend at the Novotel Paddington hotel. We stayed in an Exectutive room on the 10th floor for a very reasonable price. The room was very spacious with a sofa and pull-put desk and had breathtaking views of the local Paddington area. Our room had so many positive aspects - a queen size bed, flat screen HD TV, coffee machine and my personal favourite - a Bose sound dock for my ipod. Dressing gowns, slippers and luxurious toiletries were an added bonus! The bathroom was small but exceptionally clean and lots of towels on offer. The staff were very welcoming and friendly and always made sure we were comfortable during our stay. I feel it is unfair that some of the reviews marked the hotel down due to its location, but a good sense of direction is needed. After leaving the train/tube, leave via the Hammersmith and City line and follow until you reach a new modern area, where you pass a Sainsburys. You will reach a slight slope and follow up where you will reach Novotel.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good business hotel	It's a good business hotel, located in a new business center just behind Paddington station. Rooms are spacious and clean.The area is probably a bit outside the usual touristic paths, but in a 5 minutes walk you can reach Paddington Station, and take the tube to the center.It's a good choice if you go to London for business, but since I had many bad experiences with London hotels in the past, I'd consider it also for brief vacations and weekends.	
Jan 27 2009 	Great time had by all	We booked this hotel through their very good website, paid £297.00 for a 3 night stay for myself, my husband and 7 year old son. Our room was on the 3rd floor, great shower and bath, comfy beds, very clean and new. Excellent breakfast, with lots of choices. The best thing about this hotel is it's location as our train arrived in Paddington we could be at the hotel in 10 minutes, it's now signed and easy to find. There are a few places to eat and a Sainsbury's Local nearby. Avoid Zizzi, although it's a chain and normally ok this one is below standard. Only 1 bad thing about the Novotel are the bar prices (which I suppose is normal for London) £3.80 a pint!! All in all staff pleasant and helpful.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great hotel	Thank to the other reviews, we found the hotel easily : if you take the hammersmith line, just turn left after the touch out reader then left at the canal and left again after the bridge (direction sheldon square, kingdom street) after if other lines, you have to go to the end of the platform 8 (follow the pink line on the floor). 4 tube lines are reachable within 10 minutes by feet. As the area is mainly devote to business, the area is quite &quot;dead&quot; on weekend but it is safe at night (seems that security guards are turning around on regular base)The room was spotless and big but missed some storage place if you stay a long time. The bathroom has a shower and a bath. Even surrounded by busy road and train station, it was really calm.The breakfast was great : pastries to bread, sausages to beans, yogourt to cheese, fresh fruits to fruit juices, cereals (you can choose what you want to put in it)Arriving at 11 am, we were allowed to checkin : if not possible they store your luggage for free (we used it when we leaved).The staff was very helpful.You can't ask more for 230 euros for 3 nights for 2 persons breakfast included in London.	
Jan 15 2009 	More suited for business travelers	Our family of three stayed here in early January 2009. The room was new and modern, and we had a double bed and a large sofa bed, which was very comfortable. The bathroom had a separate shower and bath which was very nice. Breakfast was lovely with a wide range of selections. There were also two computers in the lobby for guests to use the internet for free.The hotel was not too hard to find - we just followed the directions posted here on tripadvisor. The hotel is 5 minutes away from the Paddington tube station (Bakerloo line). It is an 8 minute walk from the hotel to get to the Circle line. It was really convenient to get to Heathrow airport on our last day in London. We just walked down to Paddington station and caught the Heathrow Express, which runs every 15 minutes. The train ride only takes 15 minutes.The hotel is situated in a business area, which felt strange as we were there for a holiday. There was a supermarket nearby which was handy.I probably wouldn't recommend the hotel for tourists. But I think it would suit business travelers.	
Jan 14 2009 	Modern hotel nothing too luxurious but good location	We liked the idea that this is a new hotel, so everything was modern and up to date. The room was somewhat small, but ok. We stayed here for 5 nights and had a great room rate (for London) including breakfast. The breakfast was very nice, very fresh and plenty of variety. The service throughout the hotel was ok, but not great.We liked the location, it was pretty close to everything and a short safe walk from Paddington station. Print out the instructions from the hotel's website, otherwise you might have a struggle. You have so many options from there to use public transport, it's great!We loved the free 20 mins. use of internet in the lobby, handy to check your emails etc, although we would like to see free wifi throughout hotel.All in all considering the location and the fact everything is so new and modern we liked it and would stay there again.	
Dec 26 2008	Que du bonheur	Great value!!!!i went there with my niece and my mun, everything was ok, i had a &quot;wintersale&quot; price through their website (which was very interesting for 3 people!) nice little swimming pool with sauna and hammam, good breakfast with a lot of choice, near Paddington station, a bit difficult to find(there only one way to access to the hotel)Very clean and quiet.	
Dec 12 2008 	Recommended - good experience but some minor niggles	We arrived at the hotel to find that our booking for a twin room had not registered (despite booking through hotel website). This was handled well and we were given an upgrade to an executive room with a double bed and a sofa bed. The room was clean, modern and there was no noise at all from road and railway outside. Minor niggles: not enough coat hooks, seperate toilet and bathroom but no sink / bin in toilet, room a bit warm and air-con a bit feeble.Breakfast was very good - lots of choice and a nice setting. On Sundays breakfast is served until 12. Good service - all the staff were friendly and helpful.The pool was a bit disappointing as there were no toilets and the only shower cubicle was out of order (meaning going back to room for a proper shower). Again minor niggles: no bin in changing room to dispose of tissues (though tissues provided) and no bag for wet swimming costume.Free internet access in the reception area was handy.Hotel was very convenient for Paddington Station and underground (once you know the shortcut by the canal).Overall, we would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Dec 10 2008 	Convenient Clean and Brand New	The location of the hotel is very convenient, just 15min by Heathrow Express or 30min by Heathrow Connect from the airport. From the hotel, you can reach the heart of London within 20min by Tube. However, it is a bit difficult to find the hotel for the first time. Adding more signs indicating the walking direction from the Paddington train station would be better.The hotel was newly opened. It is of modern style and with very clean rooms.	
Dec 2 2008 	Fab new hotel	I would recommend staying at this new hotel, I had a pleasant stay; I was a little worried after reading some reviews on here. The staff were friendly, welcoming and helpful.It is really convenient if you are using the tube, it was about five minutes walk from Paddington, using the rear entry/exit and this seemed a safe walk. There are restaurants, bars and a supermarket very close by. The room was a reasonable size and was immaculately presented. The stand alone shower was extremley powerful. I am not a fan of the novotel bathroom products, but I always bring my own so this wasn't a problem. The Hilton used La Source products which really are great and another hotel offered Molton Brown. Own brand products don't quite cut it with me.The small gym was adequate, but the pool was very, very small. I was the only person there at six, so I managed forty small laps. The steam room was not hot and steamy at this time and the sauna only just hot. The bar was pleasant enough and the staff helpful and attentive. The wine list was more than adequate, with a good variety of drinks served by the glass. I ate in the bar and the food was surprisingly good for a hotel. I had some amazing scallops, mmm mmm.Breakfast was very good,	
Nov 26 2008 	Promising choice	This hotel has potential. We stayed for 2 nights. Reception was friendly and helpful. We had a family room for the 4 of us (girls are 10 and 12) fine but a bit tight with the sofa bed set out. 5 minutes from Paddington Station (instructions from Hotel excellent) and the bakerloo line which is only a few stops from the centre. Service in the restaurant was friendly but not very efficient, especially at breakfast time where staff were very slow to clear your plates away. Dinner service was also slow. Our girls thought the their dinner menu was excellent and it was also good value. Our main courses were fine but the creme brulee were not a success. The food and choice at breakfast was excellent and kept us going till tea time. The pool is small (no more than 11 at one time, though as it is unsupervised it would be interesting to see how this works. New Machines in small gym with brand new with TV screens. Overall, very good value, not too busy and worked well for us as we spend most of the day in the centre. 5p.m. checkout on a Sunday is an excellent idea for family weekends. Everybody agreed that we would be likely to use it again, especially since the Heathrow express train comes into Paddington	
Nov 17 2008 	Great hotel great price	Can't complain about this hotel. Everything spotless and new. Staff more than helpful. 5 min walk along canal front to paddington tube station. Yes it's a bit confusing for a taxi driver but just tell him it's new and situated in Sheldon Square. Lovely breakfast which goes on til 12! Great if you've had a late night or busy day sight-seeing. I will return.	
Nov 2 2008 	Nice Hotel with problems	This weekend break was with my mother, childern, sister in law her autistic child and her parents.Firstly the Black Cab didnt know how to get to the hotel he hadnt even heard of the address!!! Great start! Booking in was ok, my sister in law had booked online weeks before the break and had asked for 3 rooms together or close by so she could have help if needed with her son. Well you couldnt have got them farther apart we were on the 3rd floor she was on the 6th floor and her parents on the 9th floor.........The Sunday morning was chaos at breakfast time, there was no room in the restaurant, we had to find a table in the bar! When we aventually got a table there was no plates for the cooked breakfast, no bowls for cereals and no juice glasses!!! We asked for a pot of tea and that arrived when we were ready to leave as we got fed up with waiting! That night we booked a table in the restaurant for 7.30pm......well by 9pm the childerns meals had still not arrived when asked what time the kids meals would be coming the waiter went off and we didnt see him again until 9.30 when he brought 2 of the kids meals one burnt to a sinder and the other raw!!! My sister in law ordered the risotto and that came with the rice hard!! My son got very upset so i didnt even wait for mine to come to the table....god knows what mine would have been like!!!!! We went back to our room very hungry and frustrated!The next morning (Monday) we were packing ready to leave when the fire alarm went off in our room, mum went out into the corridor and asked a member of staff what was happening and did we need to make our way down to reception and she just shrugged her shoulders and said she didnt know what was going on!!!!! I telephoned down to reception and was told &quot; Oh we have a fire drill at 11am on monday mornings&quot;.....Very matter of fact!I dont think we will be going back to this hotel, a very needed break was well and truly ruined!!!	
Oct 27 2008 	Welcome to the Anorexic hotel.	Firstly the black taxi driver didnt know where or how to get to the Hotel.When arriving to reception to book in my family party of eight staying in three rooms...was told that only one room was ready.(I had requested early check in) and to be close to one another as I have a Autistic child and may have needed some assistance. We were given 306 (which was the room that was ready)and told the other room numbers as 608 and 610.I thought at least two rooms were together.When we eventually came back to check in to the other two rooms we were told we couldnt have 610!!!!but was given 608 and 921 all on different floors GREAT!Next day I booked in to the Elements restaurant a table for eight people at 7.30.Firstly getting a drink at the bar was difficult as only one member of staff was on drinks it seemed and no change in the till.The service in the restaurant was a shambles .We had to wait two hours for maincourses to come out (we had three very hungry children in our party)one of which was my autistic son,thank god for his PSP game which I had brought down for him to play with!When the childrens meals eventually arrived at 9.30 two were inedible one was a burnt to a crisp beefburger and the other was a raw beefburger.I ordered the rissotto this came undercooked and I could not eat it.One of the children were so upset they burst into tears at the table.We complained at the reception and the receptionist took our room numbers.We then all went back to our rooms hungry.When I got back to my room I filled in the room service breakfast slip and put it out on the door knob .....at least I could have some breakfast 8.15 to 8.30 slot.I waited next morning till 9.45 but still not breakfast ,reception were made aware three times .In the end I dressed my son and went down to the restaurant starving....as the breakfast was only served til 10 am.I think my family have lost lots of weight this weekend because of the lack of food.Not a very good holiday experience.....a very needed break ruined!!!	
Oct 24 2008 	Nice hotel with some problems	My wife and I stayed on business for 6 nights, overall the stay was acceptable but there were some problems than can mostly be attributed to the hotel just opening.Location: Good location near Paddington Station. The easiest way to get to the hotel is to go along Platform 8 (next platform over from the Heathrow Express) and up the ramp, follow the path until you get outside then turn left (signposted Novotel) and follow the wall along the canal, turn left at starbucks and go to the rear of the pedestrian area to find the hotel.The hotel is in a new pedestrian office development with overzealous security (no photos allowed of the outside of the hotel, no loitering etc).What we liked: The room was a reasonable size for Europe and the pillows were larger than expected.The staff were attentive and polite.The lobby had computers with free internet.The bar was comfortable with a good drinks selection.The breakfast area had long hours and a good selection of food.The hotel was very clean and modern.Problems we encountered:The room was _very_ hot and the hotel doesn't have air conditioning - instead they have &quot;air cooling&quot; which means if you turn the heat off the system is supposed to draw air in from the outside to cool the room. There is no explanation of this system and it never seemed to work effectively. We ended up sleeping on top of the covers most nights with the windows open. This was in the middle of October, I would not stay at this hotel in the summer, it would be intolerable.The windows in our room were not secured, a child (or drunk adult) could easily have fallen out and dropped 10 floors to the concrete below.The hotel is difficult for taxis to find and if you need a cab you will have to walk with your bags to get one. The hotel did book us a taxi when we asked but this turned out to be a car service that arrived late not a standard London taxi.The hotel is right next to the train tracks, with the windows closed the noise is hardly noticeable but if you have to open the window (to cool the room) expect to be woken by the trains early in the morning.The door to our room didn't close properly every time. One day we came back late in the afternoon and discovered the door had been unlocked since the room was cleaned early that morning.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great weekend break	We stayed at the Novotel in London Paddington recently and couldn't recommend it highly enough. Check-in was straightforward and we were allocated our room within minutes. The room is large for London standards (see photos) and VERY comfortable.Breakfast is in the form of a buffet, full english included so you can choose what you want. Facilities include a pool, sauna, steam room and small gym - all included at no extra charge.The hotel is about 10 mins walk from Paddington Station - turn left out of the station past the Brunel statue and then at the end of the road turn right over the railway bridge. Turn left immediately after the bridge into Sheldon Square and then follow the pedestrian area to the left to get to the hotel.This is one hotel we shall be staying at again in the future!	
Oct 16 2008 	Great Hotela little difficult to find!	Stayed at the hotel with my other half for a birthday weekend get away.Compared to the last hotel we stay in in London this was gorgeous with one problem it is difficult to find!We ended up treking around half of the local area and then found our way to the back of the hotel where we bumped into the manager who gladly walked us around to the hotel reception.If you are coming from Paddington station you need to go over Bishops Bridge Road and halfway along the bridge there is a turning into Sheldon Square.Go into this turning and the hotel is in there.But once you find the hotel it is extremely convenient Paddington is a 5-10 minute walk away so getting around London on the tube is simple,loads of places to eat around Paddington Station and near the hotel there is a small Sainsbury's local which was great.So you don't have to go far for most things.Yes it is geared towards the business guest but as a couple we were pleased with the hotel.Macs in the hotel lobby gave 20 minutes free internet access perfect for checking emails and facebook,the restaurant in the hotel was a little expensive but the food was lovely.Our room had a nice view across the city and could hear no noise even though the hotel is next to the main train lines into Paddington,a busy A road, plus there is still building work in the area but we were not disturbed by any of this.The bed was a little too firm for our liking but the room itself was clean, airy and comfortable.The toilet separate from the bathroom,a shower and separate bath,flatscreen TV with a few digital channels,strangely not all but enough to keep you entertained,sufficient tea/sugar/coffee. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Oct 11 2008	Great hotel	Great hotel only open 3 days when we arrived. Very quiet even tho close to trains, busy road and planes. Only about five to ten minutes walk from Paddington station. Very good size room with two large beds. Seperate toilet from bathroom. Everything you would need. Very light and airy hotel nice surroundings even a mini Sainsburys a few minutes away and a good pub. Booked direct as this proved cheapest.	
Oct 7 2008 	5 Things I hate about Novotel London Paddington	Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in October. It's new, and I was the first person to stay in the room I was allocated. I didn't like it at all - for a start, it is very one-dimensional and there is zero character to this hotel. It has the personality of a housewife on prozac. It has all the charm of staying in an office building. Take one callcenter workstation, add an ensuite, 2 sheets and a pillow and you'll have recreated the souless Mcbusiness hotel that is the Novotel London Paddington.Hate # 1 - Where the [--] is it ? The taxi driver knew where the building was - he'd seen it from the flyover. But there was seemingly no entry point to drive up to it. We went in circles through all of the little laneways at the back of the business park locale and after 15 minutes were no closer to finding the entry point. Finally it turned out that the vehicle entry point is through a press-button activated boom-gate after which vehicles have to drive through what is literally a pedestrian walkway. It is very odd to be navigating around pedestrians and fountains in order to reach the hotel main door. Other guests had identical experiences - how do I know that ? I met them all - see Hate # 2 below.Hate # 2 - What the [--] is that ? The rooms are sound proofed. Which is a good idea then you're in the middle of a busy construction zone. So my truly deep sleep - hastened by an aircon system which provides a constant intense heat no matter what the selected setting - was interrupted at precisely midnight on Sunday night with the amazing blast of sirens and flashing strobe red lights on the ceiling. It was like a reality show challenge and I was ready to give big brother the big finger. This was the fire alarm from hell - my ears are still ringing 2 days later and my eyes are still seeing red strobe flashes. Fortunately the searing heat in my room was just the aircon. I quickly checked the door of my room which not hot, then I opened it quickly and there was no smoke. But the alarms were going crazy so I quickly dressed in shorts and a t-shirt, grabbed my passport &amp; wallet and headed down the fire escape. Everybody else was doing the same. Outside the hotel the staff directed everyone to an assembly point and it was about 45 minutes before the fire brigade gave the all clear to re-enter. Chatting with other guests outside to fill in the time, it was clear that the biggest gripe most had about this hotel was the hopelessness of their taxi trips trying to find the entry point on arrival.Hate # 3 - The wireless internet in the rooms was bizare. The connection was there but it diverts you to a login screen where you need to pay for access. I entered my mastercard details and these were accepted - then the screen announced my payment had been accepted and my logn details were - 'blank'. I called the support number on the screen and it turns out that 'support' is a central call center in the USA. The operators follow a rigid script which is not helpful. &quot;computer says no&quot; - I complained about the charge to my credit card but no login details and they said they would try to give me a refund of my GBP 40 payment. I would be surprised if I see that happen.Hate # 4- The view. The receptionist had said my room would have an amazing view across the city. I opened the curtains to find I was facing - literally just feet away - the floor to ceiling windows of the offices in the adjacent building facing my room in such a full-on way I had to put my shirt back on - as I felt exposed ! OMG they really meant it when they said this is a business hotel. It really is lke sleeping in your office cubicle.Hate # 5 - The room. A wooden workstation, an ergonomic chair, a flatscreen monitor, and a wireless keyboard. This room had the personality of a call center in Slough. All that was missing was the large coffee mug and a draw full of prozac. I also found the 'just painted' fumes in the room to be just very overpowering. Summary - this hotel lacks personality, it's in the middle of a business park, and it is hard to find and even harder to get to by taxi given the lack of a proper drive way. It's close to Paddington station but it is very hard to navigate the directions with little in the way of sign posts. It's not for families either. Although it is clearly tailored for corporate suits - I do doubt that this demographic will be attracted to staying in the truly stark environment that this hotel provides. There are better choices elsewhere - this hotel gets a big thumbs down from me.	
Nov 23 2009 	tres bon hotel		
Nov 21 2009 	Zeker oké		
Nov 18 2009 	Superbe hotel récent près de la gare Paddington. Excellent choix		
Oct 27 2009 	Muy buena relacion calidad precio		
Oct 12 2009 	!!		
Oct 7 2009 	buon hotel		
Sep 16 2009 	Bellissimo soggiorno!!!!		
Aug 17 2009 	Excelente hotel		
Jul 28 2009 	agréableet idéalement situé mais difficile à trouver		
Jul 25 2009 	Bisher das Beste noch dazu für den Preis		
Jul 8 2009 	soggiorno molto confortevole		
Jun 5 2009 	???????????????????		
Jun 3 2009 	Idéal		
May 29 2009 	NEUF COMFORTABLE et CALME		
May 23 2009 	IMPECCABLE		
Apr 28 2009 	Un bel hôtel moderne et agréable		
Mar 27 2009 	Confortable et pratique		
Feb 19 2009 	Bien situé - Hôtel Récent		
Feb 3 2009 	agreable surprise		
Jan 10 2009 	Endroit à conseiller		
Dec 11 2008 	Buena elección		
Nov 2 2008 	Buon hotel ottima posizione		
