May 17 2009 	Cool stop at a cool spot	My second stay at this &quot;boutique&quot; hotel and staying a couple of days gave more time to explore .Realised what a great location this is.Morning stroll around Notting Hill and on to Portobello road in the sunshine is a great way to spend a few hours.A real cafe culture exists and I found it totally relaxing to be staying away from the usual hustle and bustle.Very much a convert to this area for future staysThe staff are extremely helpful and nothing seems to be too much trouble....when we took a late breakfast on Saturday morning and found no plain croissants our waitress simply nipped out to the nearby bakery and bought some more!!The rooms I would describe as New York Hip....a little on the small side but with everything you need and extremely stylish.Our friends stayed in one of the larger(slightly more expensive) terraced rooms which was also very stylish.	
May 15 2009 	Awesome	Decided to have a weekend away with my girlfriend...We arrived on Friday and were greeted by friendly staff at the reception, infact all the staff were really helpful and were always ready to serve you. Went out on Friday night, some really nice places nearby BBB to mention one. On Saturday the weather was perfect and the hotel has an amazing terrace. We sat under the umbrellas and ate a nice relaxing lunch. The service is excellent and could not fault it. To our surprise the bill was very reasonable too. I would of thought with such a great location and the area that we would pay a premium We got speaking to the manger that is from South Africa, being from SA ourselves, and he was really helpful with telling us all the nearby attractions and offered to organise tickets for us to go watch Oliver. It’s was really an awesome weekend away and would recommend this hotel for anyone who enjoys personal service and a nice &quot;funky&quot; atmosphere	
Apr 9 2009 	Stylish friendly and hugely convenient	We stayed two nights and we were delighted to find a boutique hotel with a touch of class. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, the food taken delicious, and our room, although small, was more than sufficient, We had the benefit of a corner room (no.18) so our bathroom was larger and lighter. We particularly enjoyed the informality of the lounge/bar and the deck outside offer the same lovely food and the opportunity to spot the famous of Notting Hill. The shopping around the hotel is fabulous - almost no need to go elsewhere. It is truly a little gem and should really remain our secret. Easy parking.	
Mar 26 2009 	excellent boutique hotel	returned to this hotel after a few years as doing business in the area again; hotek quality remained superb; staff were friendly and efficient; breakfast self service but more than adequate; location perfect for notting hill/petticoat lane and about 15 mibns walk from kensington high st.	
Feb 22 2009 	Good place to stay for a Notting Hill area visit	I'll get the small amount of negatives out of the way and then hit on the positives. Please do read the positives. Neg:While this hotel is in a great location once you get there, it is about a 10 minute walk to a Tube station (Notting Hill Gate or Bayswater). The walk itself is nice, but I would only want to do it in nice weather as I found it inconvenient in cold or bad weather. I was frozen walking from the Tube to the hotel upon arrival in the frigid weather and had to take a taxi to the airport upon departure because it was pouring. As I was there in February, it was very cold. The heat (central, no radiator) in my room did not heat my room. The staff first told me to let the heat run for about an hour to heat up the room. It never did. And, the heater was obnoxiously loud when running on the high setting. They offered to switch my room, but given a little experiment we did, I do not think the other room (can't recall #) would heat up sufficiently either. Also, this other room had a bathroom the size of a small closet compared to my assigned room (#8), which had a wonderfully sized and comfortable bathroom. Also, the alternative room faced the street and had a larger window (makes the room colder...) and my assigned room faced the back and had a smaller window. In the end, they provided me with a space heater, which did sufficiently warm the room. Unfortunately there was no way to regulate the heat with the space heater, so I had to keep turning it off when too hot and on when too cold. Note that the room rates do not include VAT. Now, on to the positives...Pos:The hotel is located near many great shops, cafes, restaurants and a mall that has restraurants, shops and a movie theater. Portobello Road is walking distance from the hotel as well. In nicer, warmer weather and for a stay in the Notting Hill area, I would return to this hotel. The room I stayed in was comfortable (except for the heat issue). I didn't care that there are no lifts, but some may. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I liked the lounge in the reception and my friends and I did relax and have drinks there. I did not try any of the breakfasts, though included in the rate. You can rent DVDs in your room for a charge and a deposit (returned upon check out). I never quite understood if there is free internet access if you do not have a laptop as there is a charge to rent a laptop from the hotel. There is WiFi as my friend brought her laptop which we used for Internet searching without issue. Also, the staff told me they would have checked me into my flight and printed my boarding pass had I not done it myself using a stranger's laptop in a cafe. They also negotiated a decent fare for a taxi for me. Email me if you want the name and number of the driver. He picks up from Heathrow for 45GBP (no extra fees) and will take you to Heathrow from your hotel for 35GPB (no extra fees).	
Feb 17 2009 	Notting Chill	The great thing about this hotel is that is plugs you directly into the exciting, slightly off-beat, and decidedly trendy Notting Hill. The staff are great if you actually TALK to them (seems like something the negative reviewers forgot) and ask them about where's good to go locally. We live pretty close by but often sneak away for a holiday on our doorstep - no chores, no routine, just enjoying one of London's most interesting areas. You can get the better rooms by - again, shock horror - talking to the reservations person. But wake up - this is NH, and real estate comes in £1000 per square foot if you want to buy. Getting a hundred and fifty or so square feet for anything under £200 for a night is value. Plus, take a tip from the name: Guesthouse. It's not a Four Seasons or a Mandarin O and doesn't want to be. It's a small neighbourhood hotel in one of the world's most desirable neighbourhoods, and I wish there was something like it in similarly interesting places the world over.	
Jun 14 2008 	Good place	I stayed here with my wife in June 2008, and we really liked it. We stayed in room 4, I dont know about the other rooms but room 4 was awesome. The room had a little shared back area\porch which was nice. It was decorated very modern and the AC worked really good (AC is always a big deal for me), plus it was very quiet. The location is perfect (notting hill), its the NYC equivalent to soho. The lobby\bar is the only thing that isnt that cute, but who cares theres other bars in the area. I would definitly stay here again, if you like the 60 thompson in NYC youll like this hotel.	
May 21 2008 	Complete Miss at Guesthouse West	We had booked our stay via the website of the property and had received confirmaton. When I was re-confirming I sent an email with the wrong dates (my own fault) the hotel changed the dates without asking why... As we were in a different country with no access to phone or email - they charged us for the two rooms one night each. When we finallly reached Rome - with internet and phone for one day - I was in a state of Panic the hotel staff tried to find the two rooms but only had one for the dates we needed. The comment I recieved was if it was our fault I would find you two rooms - but we only have one available. So to avoid charges I decided to break the family up - and book the one room. She was going to speak with her manager and send an email confirming. I had my husband looking for her email (as he was not on the holiday). When we arrived in the UK I called the hotel as my husband stated there was never an email. They had released the room as I had not called back. ( we had no phone service and this was relayed to her!!)All in all we are now being charged £300 for not staying here and it is unfortunate..as it is in a great area. I was hoping to be able to put a positive review here -although my friend stayed here last week and did confirm the rooms are really tiny - even for European standards.	
Sep 24 2007 	Guesthouse West is the Best	The purpose of our stay was for some much needed relaxation time after afew very stressful months.We chose the Guesthouse West for its location, quality and ambience and we were not disappointed, infact the hotel exceeded our expectations.From check-in to check-out we experienced nothing but helpful, friendly and polite staff. The whole experience was hassle free and very relaxing.Clean, tidy, quiet, relaxing...everything we needed.I would recommend Guesthouse west to anyone who wants to enjoy London in a location that is superb but away from the general noise and maddness.	
Sep 19 2007 	quiet friendly and an enjoyable stay	We stayed here to celebrate my husbands birthday, we live in the in the quiet quaint west country and thought London would be noisey whereever you stay - but here, it was quiet, friendly and location wise was perfect. We enjoyed the hustle and bustle of the west end and then returned to our relaxing hotel room at night. We booked the larger of the two rooms types they have, worth the money and are located at back of hotel so hence the peace and quiet! we will definately come back!	
Sep 3 2007 	Teeny weeny room great big price!	I live around the corner from Guesthouse West and have frequently recommended it to out-of-town friends. Never again. I just stayed for two nights myself while builders took over my house. If you want to know what it was like, imagine climbing into a small cardboard box and tearing up £20 notes.The room was so small there was barely room to squeeze between the bed and the walls. The breakfast was this bleak little collection of cereals perched on the hotel bar, particularly disappointing when you know there are great places like Ottolenghi and 206 just around the corner. But the real shocker was the price. £160 per night! You have got to be joking! I don't care if this is in trendy Notting Hill, it's an utter rip-off, even by London's standards. The staff had that strained feel that people get when they have to field constant complaints. When I told them I thought that the prices were out of whack with reality by a factor of two, they kept their cool, but I got the sense that they had heard it all before and that, frankly, they agreed. Avoid at all costs. Or, failing that, sleep in a doorway. In any case, save your money to spend on something that won't have you feeling like you just slept in a cupboard and then had your wallet stolen.	
Mar 18 2007 	Too Close for Comfort	Our room was so small, I didn't know a hotel room could be so small. The bathroom was even worse, too small to turn around in. there wasn't enough space to put clothes away in drawers or to hang them up. A small refrigerator in the room would have been nice, if there had been room. We asked the hotel to order us a taxi to drive us to dinner and they ordered a minicab instead of a metered taxi and the minicab overcharged us by 10 pounds. The hotel was barely apologetic. No elevators and the hotel staffed complained as they brought our bags to our room. Don't stay here!	
Feb 13 2007 	Perfectly formed chic location great experience	Really enjoyed our stay at this really perfectly located hotel. Was over to London on business and my wife came with me for a shoppign trip in Notting Hill. Found the staff really helpful - they went out of thier way to help and make our trip to London fun packed and easy. the rooms were fine, great showers, and modern, the breakfast was excellent. Look forward to coming back in the summer! Comfy beds and great linen.	
Feb 6 2007	Small and perfectly formed	Stayed here last summer and again over christmas. GHW is in the perfect location for just about every escapade in London. Central enough that travel around town isn't a chore and far enough away to enjoy a drink (great little bar) on the terrace in the sun without a lungfull of traffic. Also loads to do on the doorstep, great restaurants and bars and plenty of amazing boutiques to help you part with your cash. The room I stayed in, although not cavernous, was definitely not too small. It definitely was clean, everything worked, storage was ample, the bed incredibly comfortable and the decor calm and sophisticated. Staff are great, down to earth and welcoming. I would definitely go back and hope to soon.	
Oct 1 2006 	pretentious and not worth the money	I was expecting something far more stylish. i found the place quite disappointing and by standard more like a youth hostel than a &quot;design B&amp;B&quot;. Tiny, tiny rooms, no adequate lightning in the bathroom to put on any make up. The full size mirror was on the inside of the bathroom door, which automatically slammed shut. i had to stuff magazines under the door in order to get a view of myself after getting dressed..which again ment i could't open the cupboard (flattery for the 50 cm wide box for clothing), because the bathroom door was blocking it...could't figure out the tv (maybe just me...). but the breakfast was the biggest joke: the roomprice includes &quot;continental breakfast&quot;- which in their opinon seems to be toast, 3 pakets of cornflakes and some yogurt. service was also quite bad, the eastern european staff was obviously untrained in service or hotelbusiness. the hotel is part owned by private investors, they have an interesting business model where you can buy a room and they rent i out for you. if i was an investor, i would be dead worried.	
Sep 11 2006 	More style than substance	Guesthouse West was a very disappointing experience. Long tortuous corridors and narrow stairs, a nightmare for the less-able. Cold, no choice breakfast in an uncomfortable bar area, cramped rooms, no room service and a general take-it-or-leave-it attitude... I'm afraid the stylish decor doesn't hide the old 'very little for a lot' management philosophy.	
Apr 23 2006	Enjoyed This Place	I have to admit, I'm surprised by the negative reviews. I really enjoyed my two night stay at the GuestHouse West. If you travel around Europe, you know smallish rooms are the standard not the exception. I found my rooms to be well-sized. Yes, rooms plural. The first night I was upstairs. The next morning they called to inform me that a guest was leaving early and that I could be upgraded to a larger room off the patio if I liked. No charge. Again, both were lovely rooms. Good thread count on the bed linens. Heavy well-knit blankets and throws. One day it was hot and sunny and the next day it rained. The heating and air conditioning were excellent and strong on both days. There was no room service which was disappointing, but the bar/cafe downstairs was fine when in a pinch, although a tad overpriced. But why would you eat there when the loviest tea house around - the awesome, lavendar-hued Tea Palace - was literally steps away up the quiet, tree-lined street. Or the awesome Notting Hill market with everything from chocolate covered strawberries to hand-made beads. All of the local directions and detailed maps to other London locations were politely offered by the staff. I am a 32-year old woman who was travelling alone and it was my first time in London and I loved this place. Will go again...	
Apr 23 2006	Hidden great little boutique hotel	Me and mum just arrived home in New York!And we can't forget what we have found!In the heart of notting hill-Guesthouse West.What a found!When we checked in,the rooms are just comfortable size, we wanted a big room and they have accommodate us with a bigger room with a skylight in the middle of the room, patio doors to the back terrace of the hotel.The room is very nice.The bed linen were so soft and we slept like a babies.The rooms are in good condtion, with molton brown toiletrees which suits us just fine cos its our favourite.Also free wireless acces,dvd and cd players in the room which was just fab for me because I could work and play.The food absolutely tasty.The staff are very accommodating and very friendly.Its good to see everyone greeting you with smiles,they don't have porter service but our heavy luggage was carried by the barstaff and the chef happening to be in reception to give us a hand.The location is great and we were shopping like crazy and the surrounding restaurants were great!It was like a second home for us,the door is 24hrs open and you can come and go as you like.So me and my mum had great fun.Thank you for a great stay, we will def be back:-)	
Apr 4 2006 	A Disappointment in Notting Hill	I will not stay at Guesthouse West again. This is not a charming B&amp;B. It is a budget operation with minimal service that tries to mask itself as otherwise.The room, even by European standards, was tiny. The service was borderline rude, full of attitude and worst of all, quite lax. When I asked for an early evening wake-up call (sleeping off jet lag) I never received one, nearly causing me to miss an important meeting. After that, I didn't trust them to bring a fresh towel. The breakfast is ok, hardly worth the price. Go to Tom's deli, just down the road, for great eggs and juice. Plus they're polite.	
Jan 15 2006	Nice place - shame about the staff	No smile from any staff except the waitress. The Receptionist was bordering upon being positively surly and whilst we were in our room someone came bursting in using a pass key (not the cleaning staff) and there was no knock, no apology nothing. The barman in the evening, was really a joke. He made it clear that he thought we were a nuisance drinking in there!! Was really rude to one man, and when I asked for a cocktail was told I couldn't have one!!! The main was of Asian (possibly Chinese origin) for the owners if they read this [no other way of describing him, he didn't have a name badge on]. It was apalling, we'd gone in for a nightcap after a night out and it really put a downer on things :(The room was upgraded to one at the front (as they were fairly empty I think) but even that was very small. It was comfortable, but there was no information given either at reception on where to go for breakfast, what the times were, where to go for the in-house DVD library. We had to wander round and find out for ourselves. No information about the surrounding area, what to do either verbally or in print.Nice place, nicely situated, but REALLY disappointing due to the very unwelcoming demeanour of staff (except the waitress in the morning). I won't go there again unless they do some serious people-management training!	
Nov 22 2005 	Guesthouse West is great	I stayed at Guesthouse West last month and I thought it was great. I would agree that the rooms are a litle small but that's Notting Hill, especially for £145 for a double room and breakfast. I used to live in Notting Hill and my flat was very small for the money I paid for it!The main thing I liked is that the staff are very relaxed and friendly and really try to help wherever they can. It doesn't have a spa but there is a great one up the road called urban Spa where guests get a discount - worth having! Like the rooms, I also thought the bar area had a cool and calm feel to it, and a great terrace. Anyway - I would definitely recommend staying there if you need to overnight in London.	
Nov 20 2005 	Nice staff comfortable stylish and well located hotel	I made a last-minute booking to stay at this hotel after a flight was delayed and I missed my sleeper train up to Scotland. I found the Slovak night manager very accommodating - he even made me hot chocolate after the bar had closed. The rooms are quite small, but very comfortable. It felt luxurious to me (I'm not a seasoned business traveller however!).The Wireless Internet access was crucial to me, as I needed to book a replacement flight for the next day, and I had no problems logging on.In the morning, I got up and enjoyed a light breakfast in the bar area with a paper, and went on my merry way. Compared with other hotels of this standard, I believe the price was quite good, especially as breakfast and my late night hot chocolate were included. It was also very useful that the hotel is walking distance from Paddington from where the Heathrow Express takes you to the airport (this was actually my main reason for going to the hotel in the first place).	
Oct 10 2005	First time and last time!	We were there last July for two nights. We had this room facing the street on the second floor...Room was super tiny, I could almost jump from the bed to the bathroom area...No fridge, no place to hang some clothes...Bed was very comfy, but the crochet blanket was torn...The desk area was a dusty...the worst part was that someone had forgotten to flush the toilet before we checked in/wasn't cleaned properly and whenever i flushed, things kept coming back...MAJOR EEEW!!! I complaint to the front desk, all she said was &quot;I'm so sorry...&quot;There's no elevetor in that hotel..so we had to drag our big luggage by ourselves through the stairs...The lobby is kinda cute, cool boutique-style...Staff were not friendly and not helpful at all...The only good thing about this hotel is the location...but for a 160 pound/night standard room (without breakfast)? I dont think it's worth it...I think you can find a much better one...I would especially make a point that this hotel doesnt meet the &quot;boutique&quot; standard because of its cleanliness and staff friendliness...	
Aug 22 2005 	not so great	the price is cheap for london but if you are looking forward to staying in a chic guesthouse, forget it. the rooms are cheaply done and already a bit rundown, especially the bathroom. i would never want to stay there again.	
Aug 8 2005	Not Nice Enough for the Price	Guesthouse West looks great on the website, but in reality the rooms are very small and bland--for the price, there was hardly any room to turn around once my luggage was in the room. The TV and bathroom were nice, but the bed was uncomfortable. On the plus side, it is situated in a great neighborhood and a 10 minute tube ride to central London.	
Jun 9 2005	Beware of "Design Hotel" in Notting Hill!	Here we have a hotel which looked cool from the outside, despite the decked area in front always being empty...We booked a room which was tiny, facing the noisy street. Someone had smoked in the room and it smelled like a 15$ hotel at a railway station.The ashtray had been emptied in the toilet and someone had forgotten to flush. Really nice.The remote to the TV did not work and the staff treated me like an idiot bothering them about this &quot;are you sure you have turned on the TV...&quot;?-Yes, I am... The batteries in the remote are probably dead, I suggested.I was brought TWO new remotes and the whole arrangement was so complicated I lost all interest in the TV and DVD.After these two episodes we managed to change room, to another tiny one facing the back of the house.The only problems now were the AC-unit-ventliation outside the window that was noisy and some kind of fan that started in the ventilation every now and then...The bathroom felt like it had never been cleaned properly, tiles were falling off from round the drainage, a damp water-damaged feeling lingered in the place.Great for ?160. Beware!!!!	
Apr 8 2005	Standards slipping?	I was really looking forward to staying at this hotel after the reviews I read on this website. On arrival, the receptionist was not that friendly/helpful. We ended up having a drink in the lounge before we went out - the barman was very charming and professional and he made us 2 wonderful cocktails.The room was ok - however TV control batteries were low so we were unable to work the tv properly. We were also woken up around 2 am by what sounded like another bed being used quite adventurously by another couple right in the room above ours. The noise was quite loud so obviously the rooms aren't well sound-proofed! When I sampled the continental breakfast the following morning, I was really irritated to find that my croissant was hard and stale. So I decided to forgo it and went to reception to pay. I had to wait another 10 minutes before the receptionist came back.All in all, very disappointing - it could be a great place if staff were more accommodating, more attention to detail were paid to the rooms and finally if the breakfasts were more interesting. I felt it was actually not worth the price.	
Jan 14 2005	Nice design. But loose service.	Stayed for 2 nights in December. Rooms are beautiful. Small, but set up in a very clever and sophisticated design. Bathroom is even smaller. I wouldnt never close the door. Loved the brown wood interior especially the table. Technical Equipment is nice as well. Flat Screen, DVD Player, DigiCable, Phone... I'd go stay again for the design. But...Staff was mostly friendly (with one exception of a receptionist who forgot to order my scheduled taxi which almost caused me to miss my flight... and then even had an attitude about it...)breakfast is lame... lamer...lamest. Tried it twice and all they had on the quickly set up bar table was toast and jam. And bad coffee. Wireless internet cut out all the time. They didnt know why.For the proud room price I'd expect a more functional equipment+service. But as I said, design is a pleasure.(As I heard, the hotel is under new management since early 2004... the actual design is not originated by the actual GuestHouseWest... so the definition should be: great hotel, bad management)	
Nov 24 2004	So-so experience	I've stayed at plenty of Design Hotels and expected this one to be better. The building feels like an old 70s-era hostel, and the rooms are tiny, not exactly fresh and certainly not new. Beds were comfortable and duvets nice additions, but the room wasn't quite as luxe as i expected. Location is fantastic though, and staff were helpful.	
Oct 8 2004	Water problem	We had reserved a room here on October 1, but after completing our check in, were told that the water pressure was &quot;low&quot; due to a water main break. Upon further inquiry, we discovered that there was no water at all in the hotel. The reservation clerk seemed quite surprised when we told her that we could not stay under these circumstances. We wondered why she had not mentioned the problem before we completed the check in.	
Oct 5 2004	Warm 	Five terrific nights at The Guesthouse West/ Nottinghill. The staff could not have been more helpful. The location was perfect for the Saturday Portobelo Road Market. The linens were top grade...however, the down comforter could have been larger. Not big enough for two people in one queen bed. Although, the rooms and bathrooms are small for two people. The breakfasts were quite nice. Will definitely recommend this hotel!!!	
Oct 3 2004	Good Start	We stayed at Guesthouse West for 3 nights in early September 2004. After a 24 hour flight to the UK. we were very happy to arrive at the hotel at 7:30am and for a room to be ready for us! We had a stardard double room that overlooked Westbourne Grove. The room was quite small, but very clean and recently renovated. The colour scheme was dominated by chocolate, steel and white and there was a generous use of timber. The bathroom was clean and included a large shower rather than a bath (which was great). The staff were friendly and helpful although there was some confusion over the bill on departure (was breakfast included or not included??). Overall, we would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 22 2004	stunning	My old friend and i stayed in the hotel for a girly get together, we were blown over by this rather last minuit booking. This is a truly stunning design hotel! All mod-cons inclusive and located in the grand and upcoming notting hill. Not only are the staff friendly and attentive, the hotels chic restaurant, bar and outside decking exceed all hotels I have visited yet. What a fantastic weekend! I encourage anyone and everyone in London to take a look!	
Jul 21 2004	What a find!!	Feel like I have to write a review of this place because it was so lovely! Its a design hotel so its really gorgeous inside, but in a cosy way and its totally non pretentious. All the staff seemed to really care ifyou had a good time or not! It also has a massive terrace at the front where you can chill on. I was on my own and didnt feel at all stupid. Only downside is that the rooms are a bit small, but its about the same price as the hilton and is so much more homely and welcoming. Wont be going anywhere else again! X	
