Nov 7 2009 	disappointing	Have stayed in much better budget hotels. Changed my room twice in one night after strong smell of tobacco. Finally settled in the 3rd room. Windows did not close properly so was noisy and difficult to sleep. Room looked dark and miserable with towels large enough for a toddler. Toilet seat was broken but couldnt be bothered to have room changed or anymore hassle. No parking was problematic but understandable due to its location. Breakfast was not bad but was irritating to be asked every morning if I have signed the register whilst eating and having just signed it!	
Nov 2 2009 	Value? Yes. Quality? Not what I expect from Ibis	Generally, Ibis hotel rooms all seem to be much of a muchness. It’s as if they all come off a conveyor belt in a giant hotel factory somewhere. But the rooms here fell short of the usual standard – the AC unit wasn’t functioning on a warm, humid night and the window didn’t close properly, resulting in noise coming in from the busy street outside. On the upside the hotel is reasonably priced and around 5 minutes walk from Stratford tube/DLR station. However there is no dedicated customer car park (the nearest alternative is the multi-storey at the local shopping centre at additional cost) and the noise from people, sirens and traffic outside resulted in a rather sleepless night.	
Aug 3 2009 	Very clean and very convenient	The location is very convenient. We chose the hotel because we were going to Excel for the Triathlon and found it also very practical to go to Central London (tube is direct). Staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms are not very large but I was positively impressed by the cleanliness. Funny bathroom, like a cabin.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good hotel but they have a cockroach problem	My husband and I stayed at the Ibis and the staff were really nice, the room was clean and it was quiet in the hotel, although it was full. In the morning I came across a cockroach in the shower and another on on the bedside table next to the shower drainage. Thankfully not too many to freak out about, but it was a shock.	
May 11 2009 	Efficient clean and nice hotel.	I traveled with my husband and our 1 year old child. We did not have any problem. The hotel was clean, staff was helpful. The room was simple and nice. There is even a possibility to make tea or coffee in your room, the kettle (and instant coffee, tea bags, sugar, milk and cups) are in disposition. The hotel is not situated in the centre, but connection is very good, the underground is just few minutes by walk. I liked best: cleanness, kettle in the room, clean towels every day.I disliked: lift out of order, high chair for baby (during breakfast) was not very clean.	
May 10 2009 	Excellent value for money	Had stayed in this hotel for more than a month and never found it boring. Good location, with quick access to underground station. Excellent spacious room with all required aminities. Friendly staff always eager to help and make you feel comfortable. Room was nicely cleaned and all requirements were taken careof. The buffet beakfast was excellent with a good choice of continental food. Good location in the town centre but yet the rooms were very quiet without any disturbance.Would definitely recommend this one.	
Apr 30 2009 	No parking at this hotel	Clean and functional hotel with good sized rooms compared to some in the Ibis chain. Our only gripe was that there is no parking whatsoever and the receptionist was vague about where we could park. Either on street meter parking some way from the hotel or in the nearby shopping centre. It was a bit a a drag to have to drive round late at night to find somewhere to leave the car. For this reason, we wouldn't choose this Ibis again. The only other thing was the fire alarm going off at 3 in the morning. Not the best night's sleep! Bed comfortable and good breakfast though!	
Jan 30 2009 	Nice hotel in Stratford	I had to stay for a couple of days near Excel for the World Tourism Fair, but unfortunatelly all the hotels near Excel were fully booked. My best option was getting a room in Ibis at Stratford which I got a reservation quite easy along with my friend Moha.Ibis has about the same quality all over the world, perfect and extensive breakfast, clean and useful rooms.Staff at the reception were quite nice and were quite fast bringing me another extra blanket.Some people don't like big chain hotels like Ibis, but, in my humble opinion, Ibis hotels are easy and clean, something I sometimes search.	
Aug 11 2008	Could not sleep at night room smells of smoke.	I was disappointed with the rooms which had bad smoke odour. I had to change rooms on the first night but the second room also had smoke odour. I used the air condition at night hoping the smell would go away but the system emmitted smoke resulting my partner and I choking and a bad nights sleep. The manager wasn't keen on compensating us for this discomfort. The hotel should take strict measures so that hotel clients do not break the law by smoking in rooms.Overall - great value, staff friendly but I didn't like the neighbourhood. I personally won't stay at this particular Ibis again but would consider other branches.	
Jun 25 2008 	Hated It!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! It's in a cool neighborhood, but the staff were rude and made mistakes along every step of the way in our stay. They are slow to do anything and fix their mistakes. Not one of them was pleasant and friendly and we got the impression that we should be grateful that they were allowing us to stay. Only positve personal was the cleaning lady! She smiled and said hello every morning. Also, we had a room in the back where all the deliveries for the restaurant and local supermarket were made. Nice to hear the trucks at 3 in the morning! It may be cheaper, but not worth the aggravation. Going to contact the company next.	
Aug 8 2007 	Clean and as expected	Not fancy but perfectly acceptable. Very clean and modern. Staff was helpful. This is definitely a budget hotel, but we were very pleased with this and every other Ibis we stayed at on our trip!	
Nov 17 2006 	GREAT VALUE!!	I was surprised to stay in this hotel paying only 40 pounds per night! It's an excellent hotel with a large room, nice double bed. The design of toilet was interesting which is cylindrical! it's such a nice hotel should rank above 3 stars. However, the promotion was gone and now it costs 58 pounds per night. That's a bit expensive as breakfast is not included. If your budget is not tight, it's really a nice place to stay, especially for businessman. The environment outside is nice as well. And it's close to the tube station , just around 7 minutes walk. There is a shopping mall nearby as well. Good location and excellent accomodation. Recommended!	
Oct 8 2009 	Primo viaggio con bambino		
Sep 24 2009 	huele mal		
Oct 20 2008 	Bon rapport qualité/prix et bien situé		
Apr 27 2008 	super service resto sympa et chouette équipe		
