	Good Location but very dated	This hotel is very well placed for South Kensington and Knightsbridge. Set in a quiet Georgian street 5 minutes walk from the Royal Albert Hall. The hotel is cheap and clean but is very very dated and in great need of decoration, the restaurant is located in a stuffy basement and I would only eat there as a last resort. Staff are friendly and helpful though.	
Nov 15 2009 	Friendly Hotel Superb Location Amazing Break	I stayed at the John Howard Hotel this summer with some of my friends for a city-break. It was a lovely hotel and the staff were very polite and helpful. For example, they recommended us a restaurant (which was very good) and gave suggestions as to what was the best way to see the most of London. The hotel is very clean (including the bathroom), and the hotel has everything you need. The location is incredible, it's in the heart of London but in the more sophisticated area of Kensington. Public transport is easy to get to, but it is easy to get to places even by walking.I really enjoyed this break and especially the hotel, I would strongly recommed staying at the John Howard Hotel if visting London, and I hope to be back very soon.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great location with friendly staff	Stayed for a total of 9 nights at beginning and end of 5 week trip (from Australia) so was able to compare to other hotels. Wasn't sure what to expect having read reviews about small rooms and a small lift.... was pleasantly surprised to find the room (E) more than adequate for the 4 of us and found a smaller lift in Cornwall! Beds were very comfy - floorboards are quite creaky and we had some inconsiderate neighbours above us a couple of times but its a very old place (in good nick) and mostly quiet. Staff were fantastic, especially the guys on night duty - all staff were happy to help put with tourist type advice and were fairly knowledgable. Its a pleasant 10 minute stroll to Glousester Rd or South Kensington tube stations - numerous eateries are less than 5 minutes walk away as is the Natural History museum. Felt very safe walking these nice streets. Hyde Park is literally over the road. Breakfast was no frills but fresh and tasty - could order extras if need be - didn't have dinner there. Would go again.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great hotel good facilities excellant location and very warming	Myself and my freinds have stayed at this hotel on many occasions for long weekends. The hotel staff and facilities are great together with the excellant customer service. Even at 4am in the morning the hotel staff arranged for pizza's and chips for us all which was great!!!Definitely a good stay, good location and the general ethos of the hotel is very warming.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great location...Hyde Park on your doorstep	My wife, I and our two young sons booked this hotel along with tickets to Grease. We arrived late on the Friday evening after a fantastic show.. travelled in style from theatre land to the hotel by Rickshaw, which cost the same as a taxi but was so much fun our sons will never forget it. The nightporters who showed us to our room were really helpful and it was no bother at all for them to make us some snacks to quench the hunger of two growing boys. The apartment was fantastic, really spacious and although it was in the basement this did not detract from it at all. Breakfast was really good with a hot food buffet plus other items to order. The reception staff were really helpful and directed us to the Diana Memorial Park in Hyde Park which is really worth a visit if you have children 12 or under, we had hours of fun and all for free. Definately would stay here again.. it is in a beautiful part of London, great staff, spacious accommodation and we think good value for money.	
Sep 23 2009 	Close to everything	The room was small, we requested twin beds, reading other reviews we saw that most of the rooms and beds in London are small. The beds were comfortable as well as the pillow. Usually, beds tend to be very hard and pillows are uncomfortable. But that was not the case at this Best Western. The restaurant was expensive and the food not really all that good. It's best to take the #70 bus at the end of the block or walk a few blocks to find a variety of food. The staff was not very well informed regarding the area. Be extremely careful getting out of the bathtub. It is higher than the norm and very slippery.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel in Kensington	I have stayed at this hotel several times. It is so conveniently located in a very fashionable part of London. Harrods,The Royal Albert Hall, Kensington Palace, Hyde Park and shooping in Knightsbridge and Kensington are all in walking distance.The rooms are great in particular the apartments with fully equipped kitchens. The staff is excellent as always and there is nothing too difficult for them to do for you. You really can't go wrong in selecting this hotel. Being such a trendy area there are excellent restaurants to go to like Launceton Place, Wodka London's best Polish Restaurant.The Manor of the Gate restaurant downstairs provides a very good breakfast to get the day started..	
Sep 21 2009 	Aussies did it style	Three of us stayed at the John Howard from 3 September for four night. We were fortunate to get the apratment which had two bedrooms, lounge room and kitchen which was awesome. The hotel was very clean and friendly staff. It is in a great location to transport and gardens etc. You can judbe a hotel by its bathroom and towels, and I can tell you the towels were fluffy and big. I would certainly reccomend the John Howard hotel, not just because he was our former prime minister.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location great value	I stayed here last night as I was attending a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. This hotel is a great location for this purpose. Our room was small but nevertheless clean and quiet. I would most certainly stay here again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Decent London Hotel	Stayed here from 3 to 7 August 2009. We had room E which was a family room on the first floor. Reception - Helpful and efficient. Nightporters command of english wasn't so good but then he maybe didn't understand my northern accent!!!Room - Size excellent for a family room. King Size Bed, two proper single beds for the kids rather than a sofa bed or roll aways. We also had room for another single bed, there was so much space. Tea and coffee making facilities plentiful and replenished daily. Towels changed every day. Desk, TV, hairdryer. phone, trouser press and ample cupboards for clothes and to get rid of those damn suitcases that always seem to clutter up the room!!! Air conditioning unit which was useful when it was hot but due to the area the hotel is located in only circulates the air in the room after 10pm due to some regulations. Once it was operating it was extremely noisy ...more of that later!!The one thing that really let the room down was that it was looking decidely shabby, especially the bathroom. A lick of paint and some general repairs wouldn;t have gone amiss.Breakfast - Excellent breakfast which really set us up for the day. Fruit juice (wide variety), fresh fruit, cereals, meats, cheeses, croissants, pastries, full english with fried egges to order which were superb. Full English included tomatoes, mushrooms, baked beans, sausage, bacon and scrambled egg plus you could order fried or poached eggs and kippers / smoked salmon with scrambled egg too. Plus coffee, tea and toast. We were B&amp;B but if not you pay £12.50 per head for the breakfast. You could have everything (if you could eat it!!) and return as often as you like. The staff were attentive and courteous. Again it could have done with a spruce up in places.Location - Literally just round the corner from the Albert Hall and Hyde Park. Ten min walk from the Museums (e.g Nat History, Science and V&amp;A). Choice of two tube Stations - south Kensington and Gloucester Road. Both are on distirct, circle and Piccadilly lines and just within zone one of the tube network. It's a good 10 to 15 min walk to Gloucester road and whist it seems slightly shorter to South Kensington, you walked a long way underground before you got on a train. So on balance we tended to head for Gloucester Road as it had cash machines outside, a taxi rank if it was raining and a tesco express / resturants close by should we feel peckish on the way back. Very short tube journeys to Oxford Street, Covent Garden and Westminster so ideally situated. The lenght of walk was a bit of a pain after a long day on our feet with two kids so some days opted for a taxi which was only £3.Noise - My biggest bug bear was due to another resident in the hotel in the room above. They went out one night and left their very noisy air conditioning unit (which wasn't air conditioning by that time) on and then left it on all night. It was really loud. They came back at 2.30, noisily and then left it on all night. It came on for three minutes and then I had two minutes peace again before it came back on. I reported it to reception initially around midnight but they advised that the people had gone out and therefore they were unable to do anything!! I literally had only an hour or so sleep that the night. The following night it seemed to go off just after 1am which although not ideal at least meant I got some sleep. We didn,t have our air con unit on after 10pm because it was too noisy for us never mind anyone else. How they could have attempted sleep with it on in their room I'll never know. Perhaps the hotel need to look into this because it did spoil my stay somewhat. That apart everything else was fine and with a little spruce up and refurbishment this would be an excellent place to stay. I would certainly consider returning	
Jul 10 2009 	Just so great	this hotel is ideally located in Kensington borough, not that far from Hyde Park and less than 1 minute walking from the Queen's Gate (entrance of Kensington gardens). the lobby is nice and classy and the team is absolutely helpful and pro.the room we booked was one of the junior suite and it was large enough, comfortable, lovely decorated and calm. the room service is fine and on time as is the breakfast service in the room. we appreciated the house cleaner woman whom was delicate and efficient &amp; we thank her here.the price was not that high for this quality of services (the sooner, the better) and the location area ! Easily reachable by the tube (circle) from St Pancras, it is direct with bus n°10 if you want to have a quick view of the city (bus stopping royal Albert Hall, 200 m from the hotel !!)...	
Jul 7 2009 	hotel ideal for royal albert hall but NO hot food on a Sunday!	We were going to see The Killers at the Albert hall on 5th July and chose this hotel as it is only 3mins walking distance.My daughter needs to have use of a wheelchair and it was pointed out that there are several steps up to the door and although the lift is small I was assured that would be no problem and help would be on hand if we needed it.On arrival I was left to struggle up the steps and checking in seemed to go smoothly.One of the staff took our case but on entering our room which was supposed to be a twin bed junior suite,we found it was double bed!We were then given the only suitable twin room,the staff seemed annoyed that I had queried this and disregared the fact that it I'd booked a suite in the first place!I certainly wasn't happy so went back to reception and really complained to a lovely staff member who (cut a long story short) within 20mins had sorted out a large junior suite that had 3 windows,a large sitting area and large bathroom!!She even helped me move all our belongings plus wheelchair.The room was on the 4th floor but at the back so it was so quiet-almost forgot we in the middle of London.Room was all very clean and beds comfy.Breakfast is served in the basement and was basic-once again staff not over friendly.This hotel is simply ideal to walk to the RAH and within 10mins walk to the high street where there's plenty of places to eat etc.BUT we didn't find the staff too friendly as needed help flagging down taxi but woman on desk told me to do it myself-I just didn't want to be wandering up and down the street with my daughter in wheelchair!!.We found it VERY strange that a busy hotel like this DOES NOT have a chef working on a sunday evening!! Room service only serves sandwiches and ice cream so be aware if you arrive weary,and hungry on a sunday you will have to eat somewhere else!!	
May 5 2009	Don't accept a room on fifth floor	We arrived at the John Howard at 11 on Saturday morning but check in was not until 2.00. They were happy to store our luggage and upon our retun we were pleased to find they had put the bags in our room.This is where things went downhill though as we were shown to an appartment on the fifth floor which had hideous furniture which was stained and loked like it had been in situ since the 70's.On raising the issue with reception I was told nothing else was available but refusing to accept this I was given keys to room 56 and room 11 to see what I thought.Well lets just say don't agree to stay on floor five. Room 11 was quite nice, with flat screen TV, a large bedroom and bathroom and was spotless and exactly what I was expecting when booking the hotel.We did not eat here so no idea what food is like. Location is excellent, across the road from Hyde Park, near to Kensington and Knightsbridge and a pleasant stroll to Gloucester Road tube station.Overall a pleasant stay once the room issue was sorted.I feel the hotel lets itself down by offering the rooms on floor five to people.	
Mar 12 2009 	really decent place to stay.	spent 2 nights here with my partner, we booked through superbreaks. we did expect it to be quite nice as the area of kensington is nice, we were really impressed with our room, we had the hallway. then a bathroom leading off it, then a good sized lounge leading off the hallway, it was big enough for a desk a 2 seater sofa and a 1 seater, and a coffee table and a decent tv. then through some small double doors was the bedroom which also was of a great size. king size bed with bed side cabinets and a chest of drawers and a smaller tv. we were really impressed with our rooms and would definately stay at this hotel again, the decor is slighty dated but to be honest if that were to cause anyone problems then they would have to be super picky. the price was really reasonable too. £150 for 2 nights including full breakfast which was really nice, there was quite a bit of choice. the only slight problem is that the tube is a little bit of a walk away, 10 minutes i would estimate, the tube is on gloucester road, it is a pleasant walk though. overall i would definately recomment staying here, if you wanted to be right next to a tube station though then probably not for you, but in all other aspects it was wonderful.	
Feb 18 2009 	decent room...	I booked to stay here for 3 days in the middle of a week away. The hotel is in a fantastic location for all of London. The reception staff are very helpful, and when I left my bags early on my check in day, they put them in my room for me before I'd even got back! The room was nice, not huge, but big enough, with a lovely bathroom and a big bath! I booked for Dinner, bed and breakfast - but after dinner on the first night I vowed never to eat there again. The set menu sounded lovely. I ordered Grilled vegetables but when they came (within 1 minute of ordering) stone cold, I knew something was wrong! I then had mushroom risotto which was vrey chewy and runny - not how I like risotto! And unfortuntaly the waiters thought it rather amusing to laugh at me for reading a book while eating my dinner alone...Breakfast is a serve yourself buffet. The coissants and jam are very nice, but the cooked breakfast leaves a little to be desired. The sausages tasted like they were frozen from a supermarket, and the bacon had been cooked and left for far too long - but the tomatoes were nice :o)I must admit that for the rest of my stay, I smuggled pizza up to my room!When I told the reception why I wasn't going to have dinner for the remainder of my stay, they didn't really care...So, if you want a lovely room only hotel then the John Howard is great, but I just can't recommend the food!	
Dec 14 2008 	Apartment in Kensington for a bargain price	We booked to stay in a double room for a Saturday night at the John Howard with Superbreaks.com. Including breakfast it was £120 so quite reasonable we thought.But when we arrived we were told we had been upgraded to a one bed apartment and when she showed us to our room, it was a fantastic suprise. The apartment had a fully fited kitchen, lounge, bathroom and really large bedroom with a massive bed.While some of the fixtures were quite dated, such as the old fashioned hair dryer in the bathroom, we had so much space it really didn't matter.It's in a great location and I'd highly recommend it, especially as it seems these upgrades might be quite common with the couple behind us also being given one.	
Nov 30 2008 	Close to The Royal Albert Hall!	We had tickets to see The Killers at The Royal Albert Hall and needed somewhere to stay, close to the Theatre.My Mother and sister came with us, as we were gong to do a bit of &quot;sight-seeing&quot;, the next day.The location was excellent, the staff were there if needed and the apartment we stayed in, was just what we wanted. Clean, comfortable furniture, plenty of tea/coffee making facilities and space enough for four people. (We had a two-bedroomed apartment.)We would definately go back to The John Howard Hotel again and considering the part of London it is situated , thought it was excellent value.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great Location	Excellent location, friendly staff, pleasant room, good value for money. I booked through a booking website, with no first hand knowledge of the hotel, so was very pleased to find it. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Sep 23 2008 	Top comfort	Warmly welcomed at reception, hotel layout explained very well.The staff were friendly and helpful in all situations.The room was very comfortable including mini-bar.Room service excellent.I recommend this hotel wholeheartedly.Very close to the Rpyal Albert Hall.Kensington high street ten minute walk, but frequent busservice. Taxis plentiful, of course.I thouroughly enjoyed my stay.	
Jun 30 2008 	A tired experience	We stayed three nights at the John Howard in a 2 bedroom unit. The staff were all friendly and the unit was well equipped. HOWEVER, the hotel is very tired. Our rooms looked like they had been furnished 40 years ago and were in desperate need of an update. I have stayed in many London hotels, but none with such poor sound insulation between creaking floors. All in not a place I would return to. While I don't like to be critical, until this hotel receives a needed reno I would search elsewhere for a place to stay.JK, Canada	
May 27 2008 	Fine	Stayed at the hotel in April for three nights. We were able to check in very early luckily without paying for an extra night (arrived at 5am from Australia). We had a one bedroom apartment, a little worse for wear and with some rather squeaky floorboards (sorry to whoever might have been below us!), but otherwise the apartment had plenty of space for the three of us (2 adults + toddler) to move about in. Location was great, except for the work on the tube over the weekend we were there. Our room was at the back of the hotel, and took a few doorways to get through - a little tricky with a stroller, but not too bad.	
Mar 24 2008 	Good location but very disappointing.......	Stayed here for a Saturday night with my partner.The location is very good directly opposite Hyde Park and at the top end of Kensington High Street but really this is the only good thing to say about the hotel.When we arrived at the reception to book in the attitude of the receptionist was very unfriendly however she advised us that we had been upgraded to a bigger room.When we got to the room on the 4th floor, via possibly the smallest lift ever made, we saw from the notice on the door that we had an Apartment (?) When we got inside the place looked and smelt like it had not been used for weeks.Both the bathroom and the main bedroom were ok with fresh sheets, but the rest of the apartment was very dirty and the kitchenette was falling apart. Thewhole place looked like it was lived during the week possibly by staff and let out to guests at weekends.When we got back form our evening out we asked the guy on reception if room service was still available. It was 11.15pm and he said there was 24hr service. When we got to our room i rang and ordered some coffee and something to eat. I was told it would be with us within 20mins.After 40mins we were told that the order had only just been given to the kitchen and that there would be another 40min wait. By this time we were not too concerned about room service and so i told them politly not too worry. At hearing this the guy on the end of the of the phone started ranting and raving. I could not believe what he was saying and asked him to calm down. This just set him off even more.We decided to go and get something to eat ourselves in the High Street. When we got down to the reception my girlfriend mentioned what happened to the night reception. He was not concerned at all.I can see from other comments on here about this hotel that there have bee problems with the staff in the bar so perhaps we should not be too surprised. But a hotel in this part of London needs to be a lot better at customer service and room cleanliness.Be careful, stay in a normal room and whatever you do don't ask for Room Service...........	
Mar 3 2008	Great hotel even better location	Lovely older hotel, upgraded to junior suite. Great location close to Kensington park and only less than a 10 minute walk to Gloucester road tube station. Highly recommended at £107 per night. I think a good price for London.	
Jan 4 2008 	Very comfortable	We stayed 3 nights in one of the apartments (or 'suites') booked through MS travel, recommended on the 'apartment' part of the John Howard entry, and saved a lot of money by doing so.The location is great - yes, it is about a 10 minute walk to the nearest tube (Gloucester Road), but buses run along the end of the road frequently. Ideal for early morning walks in Kensington Gardens, perfect for the museums and not too far from supermarkets for stocking up the fridge.I was initially disappointed that we'd been allocated the basement apartment (B), but it turned out to be lovely and quiet, with plenty of space. There were a few essential items missing but the staff dealt with this very quickly. The bed was very comfortable and the apartment overall was warm and cosy. The only downside was a noisy boiler, but this was easily silenced by turning down the thermostat.Breakfast was included, and was fine - not brilliant, but again, the staff were very accommodating, and happy to cook to order. We were amazed to get a table for a meal on New Year's Eve and the food was good; price was amazing! There only seemed to be one poor guy working though, who did his utmost to serve everyone and find tables for those who hadn't booked whilst remaining friendly and helpful. He deserved a medal!Overall, very helpful and friendly staff; decor a little tired in places but very comfortable. I'd certainly stay again next time I'm in London.	
Dec 1 2007	most convenient for Royal Albert Hall	You cant get much closer to the Royal Albert than this which is a verygood reason for using this nice little hotel. We were upgraded upon arrival to a nice room with large bathroom, a bit dated but then this is not your average &quot; battery hen&quot; style hotel thankfully. A downside would have to be what passes for a lounge bar situated to the semi basement, as it happened it was closed when we returned to the hotel at 2220 but having seen it we were glad, very cramped with space for around 10 guests at a push, and so gloomy. The restaurant was also closed so we decamped to the Gore across the road which was heaving with diners/drinkers from the RAH, we could only assume our hotel is not interested in catering for thier guests. All in all and for the price this was a good choice of hotel and the staff were very helpful,we would have no hesitation in staying again.	
Nov 20 2007 	will return	Lovely hotel,excellent staff,we actually we upgraded on arrival.A very good location Albert Hall next door and number 10 busdirect to Oxford street 2 min.away.Will be back.	
Oct 29 2007 	Great little hotel	Enjoyed the hotel. Good location for the Royal Albert Hall. Rooms were clean, tidy and quiet. Would definitely stay again	
Oct 17 2007 	Quiet and comfortable hotel	We enjoyed our recent stay at the John Howard. Our room was extremely quiet and comfortable. We had a 'deluxe' room which meant a queen size bed instead of a double, and a little more room. There is a computer with internet access and USB port available adjacent to the lobby for guest use, they charge more than the local internet cafes but it's convenient for checking email or for one person to use the internet if the travel companion is resting. As others have mentioned, it's about a six block walk to the Gloucester Road tube station, that is the only disadvantage and should be considered if the weather is bad. On the other hand, the Royal Albert Hall and Kensington Palace are steps away. The Victoria &amp; Albert Museum, Natural History Museum and Science Museum are a short walk away. There are restaurants along Kensington High Street and around the Gloucester Road tube station. The staff members were helpful and courteous, answered our questions, called cabs etc. I would happily stay there again.	
Oct 7 2007 	Excellent Value and Location	We booked this online and got a very good rate. On previous visits to London we have stayed at a hotel just off the Kensington High Street for its convenient location but it has become SO expensive we decided to give the John Howard a try. At less than half the price of the other hotel we were not sure what to expect but were delighted on our arrival at the hotel to find it much smaller and cosier. It is about 10 minutes stroll to the Kensington High Street Tube Station but the area very classy and quiet - yes quiet! The staff were excellent - very helpful. Our room was on the top floor at the back of the hotel and so quiet we slept with the windows open - which if you have been to London before is almost impossible with the noise of traffic. It was a large room with a large bed and wonderful feather pillows - the decor is a little dated but then modern decor would not suit this wonderful old building. Spotlessly clean with fresh towels daily and well stocked with drinks tray and a lovely basket with toiletries. Breakfast was very good and once again the staff very good. We will definitely be staying there again. It has everything the 4* hotel had but with a much bigger room.	
Oct 5 2007 	Very Good	Booked for one night and have to say was very pleased with this hotel.We arrived early but this was no bother to the recepionist who was very polite and showed us to our room which was a junior suite. Room was beautifully furnished with plenty of room and spacious bathroom. The nice surprise was french windows on to a balcony. All was very clean and well appointed.It is very convenient for Royal Albert Hall (5min stroll) and Knightsbridge. Would visit again.	
Aug 25 2007 	"No Thanks ..."	The Pros:The Best Western John Howard Hotel is moderately clean and located in a great neighbourhood, just minutes away from Kensington Gardens and the Royal Albert Hall. It is a ten minute walk from the Gloucester Rd. undergound station. The staff is polite and accessible.The Cons:Upon checking in, we were told that we had been &quot;upgraded&quot; to an apartment. This apartment was actually a basement room with a kitchen that looked like it had not been lived in since Thatcher was in power. The cleanliness of this room was highly questionable. We refused the upgrade, and were given the suite that we had originally booked. The suite was cleaner, but there was still black mould growing on the showerhead in the bathroom. The in-suite Tea set was dirty. The bed was hard as a rock, matching the stiff pillows. The interior design was straight out of the the '70's, and I doubt that it was nice-looking, even then. Considering the price of this hotel, I would not recommend it to anyone and would not stay there again.	
Aug 1 2007 	Adequate	We were bumped to this hotel from the Best Western Phoenix, who was overbooked. We arrived before official check in and when I stated that I wanted to leave my bags as we wre meeting family across the city they tried to get me to leave my bags in the lobby claiming that they would be taken up later. When I insisted that they stow my bags in a more secure location they moved them to a hallway behind reception that was only more marginally secure.We were told when we were bumped that they were putting us into an Executive Room because of the mix up but the bedroom was no bigger than a traditional twin though the bathroom was a bit bigger. No view from our room - we look out onto the alley way! The hotel elevator was one of the smallest I've ever seen and creaked and bounced while you were in it so we took the stairs most of the time. This is cleary a very old hotel, evidenced by the fact that there was a notice in our room stating because it is a 'Heritage' hotel the AC is shut off at 11PM each night, I still don't understand why. It got very hot, very quickly so we asked for a fan, which they did provide.While the hotel is in a nice neighborhood, there are no shopping or restaurants within a decent walking distance and the tube, train stations and museums are also a significant hike away. We didn't try out the restaurant, which seemed pricey, and the menu was very, very, very limited.Wouldn't stay here again.	
May 27 2007 	Nice splurge	I recently spent 5 nights in London, splurged to stay here because I was seeing concerts at the Royal Albert Hall three nights in a row. (I usually book into a bare-bones B&amp;B near Victoria station.) I had Room 46 and it was lovely-- a double room with a queen-size bed. That room is on the top floor, at the back. Nice and quiet. I couldn't hear anyone else's plumbing or anything through the walls, either. It appeared to be newly redecorated. I booked through the Best Western website, which offers more, and better, price options than the hotel's own individual website. I paid months in advance and got about 35% or so off the rack rate. I actually thought changing my trip to November but I would have simply lost the money-- there was no luck when I called Best Western to see if I could transfer the dates to November. So if you get the early pre-paid web special rates, I guess trip insurance is the only way to safeguard your investment. To be fair, I was warned in very large print at the time of purchase that it was a non-refundable reservation. I didn't expect any money back, just was hoping to apply it to a different set of dates. The hotel has free wi-fi computer access throughout, but I had traveled light and not brought my laptop, and ended up paying to go online in the hotel lobby computer. I think it was a pound for each 10 minutes. It would be nice to include 20 or 30 min a day with the room fee. The neighborhood here is lovely, of course. It is a bit of a walk to the tube but on the way there's a nice specialty grocery store, and a Starbucks. There's also a Waitrose grocery store next to the Gloucester Rd tube station. I loved this place!! I hope I can afford to splurge again when I go back to London in November. I have a friend who has stayed here 3 times and has always been happy with the suite she gets. I was worried when I saw some of the reviews but trusted her recommendation. Maybe she and I have been lucky. Perhaps the hotel is gradually being updated. This is why I have provided my room number.  The maid service was good, there were plentiful towels and even facecoths (a rarity in Europe!) and shampoo and body wash etc. It was lovely to be so close to &quot;home&quot; when leaving a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. There's also a classy bar/bistro right across the street, called The Gore. The drinks and sandwiches in the bar are expensive but good!	
Feb 9 2007	A Nice Little Reprieve!	We ended up booking at the John Howard very last-minute as our previous Expedia reservation got messed-up when a contract change resulted in our included breakfast becoming &quot;un-included&quot; - so we switched hotels. The John Howard cost a bit more, even with the $300 credit Expedia threw in because of their mistake, but it was totally worth it! This is a lovely little hotel - aformer row home -- on a very quiet Kensignton street (right next door to Benny Hill's former home and very near Hyde Park and the Royal Albert Hall). Our nicely decorated twin room was extremely large, by European standards, as was the bathroom. The hotel was small, and quiet, which was nice. There was also an excellent buffet breakfast (hot AND cold items, even though we booked for a continental breakfast), and they would make omelets to order. The only downside was the fact that the hotel is not all that close to a tube stop, with Gloucester Road being a 7-to-10 minute walk. We did, however, find it convenient to catch the 70 bus just across the street, which takes you to right to South Kensington Underground! We also found a bus, feet from the hotel, to take us directly to Victoria Station, where we caught the Gatwick Express. All in all, a great hotel and I would highly recommend it to others!	
Dec 4 2006 	All in all a pleasurable experience	I booked this hotel as part of an offer through Nectar and have to say that I don't regret it for an instant. After I'd made the booking I saw some of the other reviews and had some reservations, but in the end my worries were unjustified. The hotel is situated very close to the Royal Albert Hall and right beside Kensington Gardens. When we arrived we travelled into Gloucester Road tube station which took about 15 minutes to walk from with bags, but once we had our bearings it could be walked to with rushing in about 5 - 10 minutes. You also have the option during the day of getting off at Queensway and having a nice stroll across Broad Walk in Kensington Gardens which takes about 10 minutes. We arrived at 9pm and the staff were helpful and as an added extra I'd been moved up from a Queen room to a suite. For the three days of the trip we had the use of a large bedroom (particularly by London standards) with a huge bed; a good sized bathroom, a fully functioning kitchen and a large living area with a dining table and four chairs. Shops are nearby which means that should you need to, you can buy in supplies and cook your own food.The staff were helpful when we needed them; the breakfast in the hotel restaurant was very good and I actually had a great time in this hotel. I think people need to remember that this place is in central London - rooms are smaller there than other parts of the country and cost more - and that it has a 3 star rating. The decor is in need of an update, but to be honest I've never stayed at a hotel on account of what style of tiles are in the bathroom, or what the wallpaper's like. The place was clean, comfortable and when I needed to ask the staff for anything they were very helpful, which is all I want from a hotel.	
Nov 20 2006 	we were very lucky	we, a friend and I, stayed at the hotel for 5 days. we booked a twin room but we got an upgrading and got a suite. It was a little bit old but very big and comfortable. Breakfast was very good, comparing with some other hotels in London that I've been to. Location it's very convenient if you want to be in a quite neighbourhood and near the Royal Albert Hall and Hyde Park.	
Nov 10 2006 	Not worth it at all	I wish I had read the reviews here before my husband and I booked. We wanted a romantic weekend away, and booked a Junior Suite for about 200 pounds a night. We saw other options, which were really nice but in the end we choose the John Howard. I feel we really wasted our hard-earned money. The rooms are so dated, really cheap looking and tacky. The suite was small and poorly laid out, and there was absolutely nothing luxurious about the place. We were so disappointed, and would highly recommend anyone not to go there. Next time, we'll use this site as a reference first!	
Sep 25 2006 	Terrible..........	We booked this hotel using our nectar points and paid £90.00 and used quite a few nectar points to boot. We have stayed here previously and had a good experience however, on this occasion it was appalling. When we arrived at 2pm (on-time) the receptionist couldn't find our booking - even though we had booked and paid nearly a month previously. As she couldn't find it she gave us the key to a twin room but I said &quot;no had definately booked a double room&quot; so she then gave us the key to an apartment. We went up to the apartment and unpacked our belongings and freshened up. The telephone then rang and it was the receptionist who said she had made a mistake and we could not stay in the apartment. I told her that we had unpacked all our things but she just repeated that she was sorry but we could not stay in that room. So we packed all our things back in our suitcase and went to reception. She assured us that she would sort out a double room for us and it would be ready on our return with our suitcase in it.As we were attending a friends wedding we had to leave and trusted her to be true to her word. However, upon our return we were given the key to a twin room but not only that when we went to the room it absolutely stank and I mean REEKED of smoke. It literally hit you as you walked in the room. The night porter was rude and unfriendly and didn't want to know.The next morning (after feeling sick most of the night because of the smell) we went to breakfast first as the receptionist was busy. There were no glasses for juice.... no plates for the food.... no teaspoons on cups..... and very difficult to get any waiters as they kept disappearing into the kitchen ....... All in all the service was appalling.When I complained about her taking advantage as she knew she wouldn't be there upon our return and had noT sorted out the booking as promised she just apologised and that was that. I could live with the fact that it is a long walk to any tube station if the hotel itself was any good but I would not recommend anyone to stay at this hotel.Ironically we had other friends who stayed for this weekend and had good experiences in their hotels so I recommend that you shop around for another hotel if you are staying in London after all there is enough to choose from. Friends of ours stayed at a hotel for £125 (only £35.00 more than us) and did not have to use up any nectar points into the bargain and stayed in a lovely clean hotel with a swimming pool etc and excellent service. This was The Grange in Holborn and not very far from the tube station. Also, another friend stayed on one of the special weekend packages in the Hilton which was not much more than we paid and were also pleased.I hope you find this review useful!	
Aug 17 2006	total crap hotel	dont arrive on time or early your room or apartment will not be ready. The staff are very matter of fact and if you have a baby or two dont go there because their lifts dont take more than 2 people at a squeeze, it tight to get a buggy and 1 person in the lift. In the apartment we stayed in it is not like the photo on their web site so dont be fooled. The kitchen is dirty handles missing off the cupboards and the glasses are dirty as well. It is very dated and old looking and why is there a drain plug in the middle of the bathroom floor next to the bath!!. When we got into the apartment on the 3rd floor after having to go through 3 fire doors and down 2 steps and a lift ride we found it very uninviting and old and dirty. Dont sit in the arm chair your [--] will hit the floor and make sure you wash everything first!!. There was some sort of stains on the bedroom wall and my babys cot had to be propped against the wall in case it tipped over(nice)!!!!. The following day the marks were cleaned off the wall and the flat looked as though it had been cleaned a little better but not how i would have liked it, maybe i expect a little to much but at £235 a night for a 2 bedroom apartment which is dirty dated and very hot (no air con ) I wish i had found somewhere better. There is not downstairs seating area aparts from 3 chairs, no day time bar and only room service available till the bar etc opens. All in all i would not use this hotel or any in its chain again due to its poor standards and if you are visiting from the usa canada etc this is not what the uk is about!! we have a good selection of hotels so search about. And on an ending note the floor boards above us make so much noise every time the family came back above us that we couldnt hear the television and when they went home on the thursday morning we were woken at 4.00am by the noise of their kids running around and shouting etc I could have gone up there and had a go!!!!!	
Aug 6 2006 	A Lovely hotel~~	After my disappointed 3 nights stay in the marriott hotel regent park, me&amp;my husband moved into john howard and it is a warm comfortable small B&amp;B, traditional british style and I love it. Price was 94 pounds include tax but no breakfast. The room I stayed was a double bedroom, with spacious and sparkling clean bathroom, mini bar and kettle. The cleaning lady should give her a star because she makes sure everything tidy up even my teddy bear. Free WIFI internet service, another star. (marriott charged me 15.99pound per day.) Situated in central london, close to knightbridge, all high end shops are there. But the down side is that the double bed was actually putting 2 single bed together, which is a bit uncomfy. There is no porter in hotel, so be prepared that you need to carry your luggages.1. Nearest tube station is gloucester road, about 10 mins walk. but in-between there are pubs &amp; resturants which serve good food, and waitrose supermarket just next to the exit of tube station.2. There is indian resturant in Montana hotel near the tube station, decoration very nice and taste yummy (46pound lunch for 2) but the service was not so good (been told loudly they need to close soon but still have half an hour left)3. Kensington park is nearby and you can picnic and feed the ducks in the pond.4. A very elegant bar just opposite the hotel, situated in the Gore hotel, excellent service and cheap. I will definitely stay in john howard again, for this quailty and spacious room, it is a bargain compare to other hotels in london.	
Jul 31 2006 	Good hotel great location	We chose the John Howard for our stay on 29th July as it's just round the corner from the Albert Hall, where we had tickets to the Proms. We paid £100 for a double room, but we were upgraded to a 2-bed suite, which was spacious for central London, although a little worn-looking in places. There was plenty of storage and the beds were comfortable. We were very grateful for the air con, although this was only in the living room. The area is fairly quiet at night, and it felt safe strolling back from the (fabulous!) concert. It's very convenient for the South Ken museums and Hyde Park, and plenty of street parking in the area. Minor problems were that the room wasn't ready when we arrived, the staff were ok but a little disinterested and the breakfast (£12.50 per person extra) was extensive but fairly bland. Overall though, with such a great location, we were very happy with this hotel. Difficult to comment on value for money as we didn't see the room we paid for, but we'd stay there again, although we'd probably eat breakfast elsewhere.	
Jul 25 2006	Good deal ;)	I have a bit of an odd story to tell. I and two friends decided to try to get a suite in this hotel for just one night, just for the fun of it. So we went there and one of my friends went to the reception and discussed prices with them. After about 10 minutes he came out and we had a 2 story suite for no more than 200 pounds. So the staff is not just helpful, I can say they have a good bit of humor there. The room was outstanding, 2 bathrooms, and a living room. It needs a little redoing tho, but we couldn't really complain. Of course the room had all comforts you could ever wish for. So if you're planning a crazy night in London and you don't take fright of negotiang a price, this is the place to go.	
Jun 20 2006	Good value quiet neighborhood	We originally booked at the Best Western Phoenix; however, we were re-located to the Best Western John Howard. The transporation to the hotel was free and the staff was very accomodating. Although farther from the Tube, The Kensington location is quieter and seems more upscale. The staff at the John Howard were very kind. The room was spotless and the breakfast was on par with a European Hotel breakfast buffet. Our triple room was large but needs updating. The air-conditioner worked very well and was greatly appreciated.	
May 15 2006	Good value but needs updating	We stayed in a two bedroom apartment. It was very spacious and worked well for the five of us recovering from jet lag. However, the apartment was very worn and needs a lot of updating. It was also a bit too far from a tube station if you want to see more of the typical tourist attractions. It is close to some museums and to Kensington Gardens. The staff was fairly friendly and the buffet breakfast was great. Make sure you ask for special prices with breakfast included, otherwise breakfast is an additional 12 pounds each. We paid 239 pounds a night for the apartment, including breakfast for 3 adults and 2 children.	
May 2 2006	Exceeded all expectations	We unfortunately only spent one night at the hotel but were extremely impressed especially after experiencing some other 'hospitality' London hotels had to offer. The John Howard Hotel exceeded our expectations in bed size and comfort. The rooms had more than enough space for two large open suitcases and the bathroom was excellent. A glass shower curtain would however be a suggestion. Room service was prompt and friendly. The reception staff spoke perfect English and were professional from the time we checked in to us leaving luggage and booking us an airport taxi long after we'd checked out. Definitely recommended.	
Apr 20 2006	Great location great accommodation	Just to let you families out there know that it does not need to cost the earth to visit London. We stayed in one of this lovely hotels apartments, which gave us the flexability to cook for our family of 5 without breaking the bank on London restauant prices. However we did treat ourselves to a meal in the hotel restuarant which was excellent and very good value for money at around £11.00 for a set 3 course meal. The location was excellent for us as it is within walking distance from the Natural History museum, Science museum and The Royal Victoria and Albert museum (all of which have free entry) Also across the road in Hyde Park our children really enjoyed the Diana memorial playground complete with priate ship, sand, water, swings tents and again all for free. The hotel is also next to the Royal Albert Hall so I have already planned our next trip the John Howard, but this time we shall leave the children behind and maybe spash out on a suite.. All in all a great location and excellent value for money. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel	
Apr 8 2006	Convenient location	A 2 night stay, to visit the Royal Albert Hall to see Katherine Jenkins (Wow!). Superb location for museums and Harrods, used Hop on Tour bus to see London, (www.bigbustours.com). Hotel rooms at rear are quiet, clean and to a good standard. Breakfast was plentiful, but eat out in evenings so not sure of standard of restaurant. Will definately use again for location and quietness. Staff were very polite and helpfull.	
Mar 30 2006	Good experience	Our room was quite spacious with a nice sized bathroom. The decor is a bit outdated but the room was kept very clean. Staff: very friendly and helpful. Location: very good to bus route and o.k. to tube station. Very nice neighbourhood for walking around. Will stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 26 2006	did not get value for money would not stay again.	my daughter and I stayed at John Howard for one night as we were going to a show at the Albert Hall.When booking we asked for a TWIN room eg. 2 beds but were annoyed to find we had a double bed after I had asked several times on booking to make sure we had a twin room!The hotel is not as appealing as it looks in the brochure. some of the fixtures in the room were quite dirty. and we could not evan close the bathroom door let alone lock it! the staff were very friendly and helpful and the food was good ,but I would not stay there again as have stayed in much better hotels in the past in london.	
Mar 5 2006	Room and breakfast not up to scratch	I stayed here one night to visit an evening function in the Albert Hall for which the location is extremely convenient.I had a double room up on the third floor which was well appointed and spacious.Overall it was clean and comfortableBut...- when I entered the room the light in the hallway area didn't work so I had to feel my way round to the bedroom.- in the bathroom a dirty teeshirt left by a previous guest was left hanging on the back of the door- breakfast which cost about £15 was very unsatisfactory. Not appetising, including some inedible sausages. Very poor value for money	
Feb 27 2006	Superior Hotel Accomodation	27th February 2006For several years we have really enjoyed many overnight stays at The John Howard Hotel and if our future goes according to plan we hope to have many more. The reason we first booked into the J.H. was because we are frequent visitors to the worldwide renowned Royal Albert Hall. The J.H. is conveniently closely situated to the Hall. We are able to leave an evening concert and within 2 – 3 minutes be back into our hotel room or apartment. On entering The John Howard we have always found the reception staff very friendly, co-operative and helpful. When being shown to our room or apartment, via the lifts, we appreciate the absence of long corridors with many little identical rooms leading from them. Each room or apartment at the J.H. is an individual and always found to be very clean, comfortable, spacious and well equipped. A very substantial English breakfast is included, or if preferred, a lighter comprehensive continental breakfast is also provided. The John Howard, No.4. Queens Gate is also conveniently situated near to other places of interest. Hyde Park is just yards away, Kensington Palace 5 minutes. walk through the park, Kensington High Street 5 minutes walk and has many shops and restaurants . In the other direction 8 Minutes walk to Exhibition Road with all the museums including The Victoria and Albert. Further on, still within walking distance, Knightsbridge and Harrods. We have been pleased to use the buses for trips to other popular attractions. Travelling on buses is very economical. There is a very frequent service and the bus stops are only a minute away from the John Howard Hotel.	
Feb 23 2006	Doesn't look like the brochure.	I stayed in this hotel for one night as I was going to see a show at the Royal Albert Hall.I found the reception staff to be very helpful and polite. We recieved a very warm welcome.I had booked a one bedroom apartment but on arrival we were upgraded to a two bedroom apartment. Everything good so far!!We made our way up to the room and I was so disappointed when I opened the door. When I has viewed the rooms on the internet they looked very regal, romantic and cosy. The main reception room of the apartment was so drab with dreary curtains and a horrid carpet. It was not sumptious as was portrayed on the net. The kitchen was adequate but the cutlery was dirty so we ate out.The whole apartment was reasonably clean but very basic.The receptionist did recommend a fab itailian restaurant though.I would not stayin this hotel again as there are so many others in the near vicinity.	
Feb 22 2006	Great for a family	My husband and two children stayed there on our way back from Italy. We were booked in Room 6 and 7 that were interconnecting rooms. This was great since it gave us all the space we needed as well having the family all in the same place.The Children particularly enjoyed the breakfast and the close proximity to Kensington Park.Great staff and honestly a great place to stay in London. There are some fabulous apartments for long stay and had we been staying longer in London, we would have certainly booked one of these apartments that comes with its only fully equipped kitchen.You can't go wrong by staying at the John Hooward Hotel	
Feb 20 2006	Girls alone	Travelling on business alone, I found the hotel extremely accommodating. The staff were friendly without being gushy. Room service extremely quick and efficient. The room very comforatable, especially fab white cotton sheets! Lovely entrance to sit and read papers in. Breakfast predictable but delicious. Would highly recommend it, especially women on own. Fab location, extremely handy for everything. Loved the walk in the park and the close proximity to Harvey Nicks and Sloane Street. Obviously I didn't have that much time to shop as I was there on business!!! Taxi from KX about £18. But Glouster Road tube very handy. Stay there you will love it!	
Apr 13 2005 	Great room good location	We stayed for three nights in a room in the back of the ground floor that had a large window looking out on an amazingly quiet alley. Our room was the largest that we've encountered in London, including a hallway with ample closets and a large bathroom with fullsize bathtub and lots of counter space. The room was decorated in shades of peach and light blue and had a small table, desk, and two chairs. It was a very pleasant space. The staff was friendly and helpful.The hotel is equidistant from three tube stops (Kensington, South Kensington, and Gloucester Road) although each is a 5-10 minute walk. Kensington Gardens/Hyde Park is a block away, and the Victoria &amp; Albert and Science Museums are very close by.Three blocks from the hotel, on the Gloucester Road, is a small group of shops and restaurants, including Jakobs deli with delicious food. Further down Gloucester Road, near the Tube stop, is a large Waitrose grocery store with a lot of prepared food. There are also shops and restaurants on Kensington High Street.One disadvantage of staying in this part of town is that many of the prime tourist attractions are not within walking distance. If you are visiting Imperial College or the Royal Colleges of Art or Music, this is a good place to stay.I would definitely stay at the John Howard again.	
Mar 30 2005	good choice	We were in England 3/12-22/05 and stayed at the John Howard for the last 7 nights of our visit and were very happy with our stay at this hotel. We were in a room on the ground floor which was a very nice room. The room itself was just as large as some of the 4 and 5 star hotel rooms we've stayed in in the USA and Canada and the bathroom was very modern. We found the hotel to be a charming smaller hotel with clean rooms, nicely decorated lobby, friendly helpful staff and it had a nice a restaurant downstairs with good dinners and friendly waitpeople. We ate there twice and were impressed with our dinners. The breakfast was included in our last 3 days charge and they were good but I would not pay for them separately because I thought they were too high when you converted the pound into US money. I can't eat that much for what the cost would have been. The staff were very friendly and helpful to us. The only thing I did not like was the fact that you had to pay for internet service (this was free at the prior hotel), you had to pay a pound for each local call and my husband was charged for a cup of coffee (I believe 2.50 pounds or $5)while we were waiting to check in. These really were the only complaints I had about the hotel. We were within a block of Kensington Park, the bus line and it was not that far a walk to catch the tube (maybe 15 mins for the closest one). I thought the area we were in was very nice (South Kensington) and it seemed safe (we were out walking late in the evening). It was not that far of a walk to get to a lot of sights around the area either or to the downtown part if you liked to walk. I would stay at this hotel again in the future and in fact intend to if we return to London. You really have to watch the internet for a good rate as the dollar is so weak. As far as the cost (and this is based on the room we had only) it was comparible to some of the same size rooms we've stayed in here at home and in Canada. My girlfriend had a single room on the fifth floor and I think she was way overcharged for what she got but not us. Anyway I would recommend this hotel to my friends and will stay there again.	
Mar 6 2005	Superior 3 Star	I like to stay in this part of town. The John Howard has a good (not great) location. It's a kinda sorta hike to either Gloucester Road Tube or Kensington High Street Tube. Six of one etc...Gloucester Road is the District Line, hence very convenient in an East/West kind of way. The Howard had some of the best rates ever for a hotel of this class.I was given a clean narrow fifth floor double suite with a small view of Queen's Gate, a well equipped kitchenette and a separate bath and hall. A double closet, a queensize bed, color TV, desk, chair and loveseat. Not a suite by American standards, but nevertheless, above average for a three star. The room a bit worn as was the bath, but amenities and maid service were of a good standard. Self controlled heat and plenty of hot water. Plenty of towels in the bath changed daily. The Express slipped under your door every morning was a welcome touch. The room quiet in spite of the proximity to the elevator. Desk staff were courteous. I didn't eat here, but I found the John Howard convenient and of a superior standard. Sixty quid a night for this level isn't at all bad. I'd return.Recommended.	
Mar 3 2005	Great Value in London	Just back from a four night stay at the John Howard Hotel in London. Our 72 pound per night rate for a room with a queen size bed and including breakfast for two was outstanding. As another reviewer writes, the rooms are not the most cheerful places, but were clean. Also, our stay was very quiet. The hotel is in a great location overall, though it is about a five to seven minute a walk to the tube. Near the tube station are restaurants, a full service grocery store, and a convienance store that it is open late. Also, make sure if you plan to arrive by tube, that you have good directions to get to the hotel. There are only two turns, but with streets not labeled as prominently as other places, it is important to have good directions.The staff was mostly helpful, though they are not native Londoners. If you need detailed touring information, you will need to look elsewhere. The high speed internet access was down frequently and is very expensive. Not a big deal with so many other places offering cheap access. Overall, the hotel is in a great location, has nice clean rooms with larger beds, and was for us a great value. The breakfast and dining staff were excellent. What keeps it from getting an &quot;excellent&quot; rating from us is the slightly worn rooms and distance to the tube and food options. We would go back to the hotel in a minute!	
Dec 25 2004	Loved The John Howard!		
Nov 6 2004	would come back again		
Oct 31 2004	Good value for London		
Oct 14 2004	Basic and clean - i'd say 3*		
Jun 21 2004	Wonderful Stay		
Jun 18 2004	Mediocre		
Jun 3 2004	Great Experience		
Apr 9 2004	Very nice hotel		
Jul 26 2003	John Howard Hotel is Charming and Staff is Wonderful!		
Jun 6 2009 	Me quedaría a vivir en esa calle		
Aug 18 2008 	buon Hotel e ottima posizione		
Jun 26 2008 	Che furbetti al John Howard Hotel		
