	Charming old-fashioned hotel...	I stayed here with my mate and really liked this hotel. It had an old-fashioned charm. Our room was spacious and we liked the hotel restaurant so much that we invited friends from Black Heath to dinner there. The location is great. Black Heath is right next to Greenwich where the observatory and other sites are. I liked most the sweeping view of the park-like area called the heath I think. We plan to return to this hotel on our next trip to London in summer, 2010.	
Nov 9 2009 	Wrong building for a hotel	It looks like it would be a good hotel but the layout and partitioning and the weak soundproofing really let it down. The rooms are spacious but the bed in our Crown Double was very uncomfortable and itchy as well. Also, they have a strange policy that will serve you a continental breakfast or anything from the room service menu in your room, but not the cooked breakfast. Overall, I would not stay here again.	
Aug 13 2009	Not Very Impressed	Stayed here for two nights due to a family wedding so not really by choice. The hotel is a 3 star hotel in need of decorating and improvements. It claims to be the premier Georgian hotel in South East London, i have no doubt that it is but when you consider it has the likes of Lewisham, Charlton etc to compete with i wouldnt say it was something to shout about.Little things appeared to be to much trouble for the staff, like ordering a newspaper for the following morning, this can be done but the paper has to be collected from reception! on requesting an iron i was informed that there was an ironing room, this turned out to be a dirty laundry room with a wet floor piled high with dirty towels and laundry with a stained ironing board in one corner.Breakfast was adequate but no better than that. The most shocking thing is that they charge £110.00 for a Crown room even with a discount, definitely not in the bracket where they can charge these sort of rates.	
Jul 25 2009 	comfortable hotel ideal for the o2 arena	We were going to M Jacksons concert at the o2 arena but still decided to go London for a break, we liked the hotel,ideal for going to the o2 the 108 bus stop is just outside, our room was spacious with a large comfortable bed everything for an overnight stay, friendly and helpful staff especially Lorraine,plenty of places to eat in the village, our room overlooked the heath and it's a pleasant walk to Greenwich park, observatory, maritime museum &amp; thames,. We give the thumbs up!Oh &amp; the breakfast is good.	
Jul 9 2009 	Not worth the money and not up to standards	We had a room in the Heathview Wing, top floor. View was lovely all right. Pity that the windows were old and did not really muffle out the traffic noise, or even open easily. The heat in the room was almost unbearable. The floor of the room was not level, so that moving from the window to the bed, you actually walked downhill. Some of the furniture in the room (especially the cupboard) where askew too.On two occasions, the linen was ripped and with spots. Television was blurry, teapot filled with water from the previous guest (who knows for how long). The bathroom had pretty old fittings, with two separate taps for hot and cold. Not really up to today's standards. Showering was a challenge, since water pressure was quite low and temperature hard to set. One light bulb in bathroom was broken during our entire stay. The elevator is outdated and quite damaged. (Door is incredibly loud and the elevator ceiling is cracking.) General cleanlines in the hotel is below average. (Example: on the 2nd floor - elevator area, there were 2 used wine glasses left on the window sill. These glasses stayed there for 3 entire days!)Breakfast: Typical englisch breakfast. Quality was ok. Orange juice horrible. Waiting staff seemed a little confused.	
Jun 19 2009 	I liked it actually!	Despite previous reviews, I really quite liked this hotel. The location in Blackheath was a pleasant surprise and on a sunny evening there was nowhere nicer to be than in my large room at the front of the hotel with the sun streaming in! Yes, there was traffic noise (I had to have the windows open as it was very warm), and yes, it is a bit creaky on the floors and along the corridors, and yes, you can hear noise from the corridors, but I felt the hotel had character and was very comfortable and good value for money. Blackheath village with all sorts of restaurants is a 3 minute walk, a lovely pub 1 minute to the right outside the hotel, and a green with duckpond etc., and all within 15/20 minutes travel of central London. I found it clean, staff were effficient (if not overly friendly) and had an enjoyable stay.	
Apr 23 2009 	Greatly in need of an update!!	We stayed in the Clarendon recently whilst attending a family occasion, In general the hotel was average, the room was a triple which had three single beds, we had booked am superior room with a double and a single, but this is what we got.The bathroom was something out of a time warp, tiny sink that you could hardly wash in, and very compact.The food was ok in the restaurant , although we did order sandwiches which took 40 minutes to come and when they did they were stale and inedible!The head receptionist was very frosty and rather unpleasant, and as for the duty manager that day , he was useless, we complained about the sandwiches and he didn't even give his apologies.The location in Blackheath is perfect, a lovely view across the heath, this is the best thing about the Clarendon Hotel, and no we won't stay again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Situated nicely shame it stinks !!"	nicely situated, opposite beautiful green, right by bus stop for the o2 which is 10 mins away. good walk to greenwich park and greenwich. Spent a night in the family room, brilliantly sized, 2 rooms, one with double bed in, the other room with 3 singles in, all uncomfortable, tiny bathroom, chipped and filthy sink.noisy of a night from outside, and we could hear the running up and down of people on the floor above us. moderately priced paid £135 night with breakfast that was luke warm. and absolutely stank in corridor, and worse in room of, a cross between dirty disinfectant / urine. could still smell the horrible next day even when out and about ! sorry that put me off staying their ever again.	
Aug 25 2008 	Nice enough but staff were rude!	We arrived at the Clarendon after a long trans-Atlantic flight and a challenging journey from Heathrow to Blackheath, and did not find our welcome very warm. We had requested early check-in, but the woman at the front desk gave us a hard time about it initially (we were there at about 9am, and she immediately said &quot;You'll have to come back at 2pm&quot; when I said we had a reservation).The room was comfortable, although the decor could definitely use a 21st (or even late 20th) century update! We had no complaints about the room or the breakfast, which was plentiful and tasty.However, our major complaint about the hotel was the staff's complete disregard for the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign that we had on our door. After a late night out, we were sleeping in fairly late, and the housekeeper actually knocked on and then unlocked our door despite the sign's presence!! She quickly said sorry and scurried off after she realized we were there, but I thought that was absolutely unacceptable! That was the second time this had happened - the first time, we were just about to leave and asked her to please come back in five minutes, which she grudgingly agreed to.A further problem was that there was no concierge, and the front desk staff were either not very knowledgeable, or not interested in helping out a couple of tourists who'd never been to London before. We asked for advice on transit to get to downtown London, and it was only late in our stay that we realized there were several options available to us, not just the overground trains that the staff had told us to use. They also pointed us in the wrong direction when we asked which way to walk to Greenwich Village.Overall, the hotel itself and the breakfast were fine - everything was reasonably clean, in good working order, and comfortable. The staff, however, have a long way to go to live up to the standard of politeness that Britons have long held, and some more in-depth tourist information and assistance would have been very much appreciated.	
Aug 25 2008 	Big Let Down	Where to start?! From the outset, our experience of the Clarendon was not a good one. On arrival, the grossly inadequate car park was full to the brim. On asking door staff we were told &quot;you can try the other car park round the back but that one's full too&quot; leaving us to drive around for 10 minutes, eventually parking in a very exposed location and having to drag our luggage across to the hotel.Check in should have been straight forward, except that despite carefully booking on their own website, the reservation was under the wrong name. After following directions up and down staircases and through several doors, we arrived in a very outdated room with exposed pipework, and décor desperately in need of renovation. However, all appeared clean and tidy, so the room staff seemed to take pride in their job. For a hotel room of this price, there was some expectation of quality touches, but the stingy supply of toiletries and tea and coffee facilities soon put paid to that.On return from an evening out, we were looking forward to a good night's rest. Unfortunately, such an expectation was not to be fulfilled at an obviously busy Clarendon hotel, with all entrances surrounded with drunk rowdy smokers, one of which was situated outside of our thinly windowed room, thus preventing any sleep until the early hours, which after an hour or two was interrupted by the return of a large group booking on the floor above, crashing doors, shouting loudly and running from one room to the next. The lack of any decent sound proofing made this unbearable, and apparently staff at the Clarendon must be trained in the art of turning a blind eye, as this cacophony went on for what seemed an eternity.Fortunately the rest of our stay was fairly uneventful yet also unimpressive, topped off with incorrect billing due to some miscommunication between the point of booking and hotel systems.It's clear that the management of the Clarendon are well aware of their good location and lack of any competition in the vicinity, as demonstrated by the high prices for what is essentially a very dated, noisy and unimpressive hotel.	
Aug 22 2008 	Fine for overnight stay at weekend	We stayed here for one overnight - the Saturday of the early May bank holiday. The bank holiday weekend was busy with tourists but many Londoners had gone elsewhere, so the city was less crowded than usual.Reception staff were pleasant - both for checking in and checking out.We have stayed in other hotels in London - which are generally of a poorer standard and more expensive than anywhere else in Britain - so perhaps other travellers have been expecting more than London hotels usually offer.The Clarendon is at least clean - which is better than many London hotels.There are lots of stairs - corridors are narrow and standard rooms are smallish - again not unexpected for London. Rooms are well-enough furnished, though not modern. We would agree that the curtains could be thicker - it is certainly very bright early in the morning.The location is good - with front-facing views over Blackheath. A couple of minutes walk to Blackheath Village with its restaurants, cafes, shops and galleries. Easy walk across the park to the Greenwich Observatory - and Naval Museums etc - from there you can take the boat to the city centre - getting off at Houses of Parliament - much more pleasant than the tube - and not much more expensive.	
Jul 27 2008 	Well worth a visit	I travelled from S.E Asia to visit family and did actually book an apartment in Greenwich which did not turn out to be as advertised so I went along to the Clarendon Hotel.The reception staff were lovely, extremely helpful, the porters a dream, and as my husband was joining me in 4 days, they gave me a special rate.I actually returned twice to the hotel during my stay in the UK and it felt like home at times.The double rooms are large and airy, bathrooms good size, and everything was clean. The TV's however are the small. In fact Peter’s comment on arrival was 'What’s the Postage stamp on the wall'However as most folk do not come to sit in their rooms it was not a problem. Well maybe a bit when Wimbledon was on!If you get a room at the front of the Hotel you get magnificent views over the Heath. However do be careful on booking, sometimes from Thursdays thru to Monday -they usually have weddings, parties which are no problem till the guests leave around 12-2. a.m. and the noise outside the hotel is awful and apparently beyond the Hotels control. When this happened to me on my second stay, I was offered a room in the GODs, ! However the next day I was moved to a room on the other side where the view is of the garden (which is lovely) and can even watch the TOWN FOXES come in and scavenge after one of their many evening events.Breakfast is great value, but very busy on the mornings following Party nights, but on the whole the staff cope extremely well. If you read other reviews on this hotel , will see that they do have a lot of Fire Alarm incidents. I had 2 in my stay there, one on June 27th where guests ended up outside the hotel. Great way to see the London Fire Brigade, but bit concerned at the lack of Roll Call -numerous guests didn't bother.There is limited parking, i did have to park in the street a couple of times but could move the car back in the late evening.Bad Points Internet charges are outrageous, Hotel needs double glazing.The hotel lounge is a REAL LET DOWN. It is in the basement, and really dour ,unappealing, and serving instant coffee ugh... However, there are numerous cafes outside, Blackheath is a lovely Village. Do go to the farmers market if you are there on a Sunday. Do walk across The Heath and into Greenwich, the return is uphill, but rewarding. You could of course take a bus.Conclusion; A great hotel in need of refurbishment but is given tender lovely care by its staff, none of whom I could falter. Maybe a bit pricey but maybe the extra money will help upgrade it.I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 21 2008 	In need of a facelift.	The location is excellent. On the plus side the bed was comfortable, breakfast was perfectly adequate and I was fortunate enough to get my car parked. But the room...! It was described as a 'superior' and thus cost more. However, it was rather like being in a timewarp from forty years ago. The bathroom in particular was far too small with not even a shelf to put a toothbrush on! The shower was merely an attachment to the bathtaps which required a minute's worth of juggling the hot and cold taps to obtain an acceptable temperature balance. For a bathroom of this size a shower cubicle and no bath would have been better. Woefully inadequate. In the bedroom itself the light fittings would have been more appropriate in an industrial unit, there was no radio, even through the television and no internet access for ones laptop (standard and free in many chain hotels). One computer in the reception area offered internet access - at a fairly stiff price.It is not a bad hotel, just one that is in desperate need of modernising. And the occasional smile from the reception staff would not go unappreciated!	
Jun 19 2008	Better than average	The carpark is a bit cramped, but fairly typical of most London hotels.Excellent check-in procedures and surroundings. The room smelt a bit smokey, as did some of the corridors, but a friend pointed this out and was immediately moved to a newly decorated room.The food was good, although the staff seemed a bit keen to get cleared up on a Friday evening. There was an event in the main dining room with a singer, so we were located in an adjoining room.The location of the hotel overlooks Blackheath with the village a few minutes walk away. There are several good restaurants in the village, we chose the French Bistro for our party of seven and would highly reccomend this.As most hotels located in older buildings, a fresh lick of paint and de-squeaking of the floorboards wouldn't go amiss.Altogether, an excellent stay, I hope our hosts book us there for next year!	
Nov 27 2007	Dire	I stayed here with my partner for 1 night and 1 night was enough. I thought the hotel was dire! The room needed a total update, the floorboards creaky and uneven (felt like I was going to fall through the floor) and the decor hideous. It was extremely noisy and furthermore there were drunken arguments and fireworks outside our room. The light pollution was terrible and you could hear people walking up and down the hallway at night.Upon returning to the hotel at night the security guards were rude, instead of asking for our key they just said &quot;oi&quot; and used hand gestures. The next morning we saw the staff blatantly helping themselves to the breakfast buffet and one staff member pushed infront of another hotel guest cutting him off. Upon checkout the staff were surly and rude, not even so much as a thank you. The only positive I thought was the fact the sheets were clean.It was certainly NOT worth the extortionate amount of money we paid. Do not fall for the website. I would advise that if you want a good nights sleep to stay away away from this hotel at all costs.	
Oct 1 2007 	Staff are so rude	OK Hotel- looks nice from the outside, Reception decorated nicely. Rooms were reasonably clean, except from lots of hair in the bath-plug.The thing that REALLY let it down was the complete rudeness of the reception staff.Not one smile, not one enquiry about our stay, etc, very rude and obviously customers are nothing but a hindrance!I could not believe the way that the shift leader spoke to the couple in front of me, and then she even swore in full earshot of us queueing to check in!I could not believe the treatment we were givem, I certainly would not be staying there again and fully intend to reccommend that no one else I know does either!Very poor.	
May 3 2007 	Not nice at all...	Oh dear.. where to start....There's loads of stairs, everywhere, even a couple down into the bathroom in my room.My room was dark and dingy, with dubious cleanliness. I didn't quite feel as though I needed another shower when I left, but it certainly wasn't good.It's noisy because of the road outside and the creaking floorboards inside. Like many hotels the reception lures you into a false sense of cheer about the place - you'll change your mind if you go to the rooms. On the plus side, the breakfast was OK, although the mushrooms weren't wondeful, the bar was reasonable, and there was limited free parking (just get there early).I know its cheap and it's London, but really.. there's no excuse. I won't be going back. Spend the extra and stay at the Novotel in Greenwich - it's in a totally different league.	
Jan 24 2007 	Wonderful room decor	I stayed at the Clarendon Hotel in December 2006 and I would like to thank Micheal and all the hotel staff. Very professional and keen to help with good local knowlege. I stongly recommend asking for one of the larger rooms which do not cost extra. Very well decorated with antique furniture and modern hotel facilities. Great big bathroom to relax in after a hard day at the office. Highly recommend staying at the Clarendon I just hope this review means that there will be space when I next go in March/April.	
Nov 29 2006 	A very pleasant surprise!	The Clarendon exceeded by far my expectations from a 2-star hotel (not sure why a previous commenter thought it was 4-star). The Clarendon was one of a very few choices left that had availability for the World Travel Market period. I booked a single room at a very reasonable price, which also included full breakfast as well as complimentary transfer to/from Excel centre every day of the fair. The latter, together with the hotel's very pleasant location, where the main reasons for choosing it.My room was not luxurious but cosy, very clean, and had everything I needed, while the public areas - especially the restaurant! - are very pleasant. The staff are very friendly and helpful, and always smiling - without a single exception! The breakfast was excellent.I would have nothing negative to say if my laptop hadn't died on me that week... There's only one PC for internet access - not nearly enough for 180 rooms! However, if you have a working laptop, use can be made of the wireless internet hotspot in guestrooms as well as public areas... my bad luck!I'll definitely return for the next WTM!	
Nov 3 2006 	Disappointing and overpriced	Invited a guest for lunch - the Carvery. It was really poor quality, overcooked. £18.50 for a small vegetarian lasagne - they're having a joke! My guest had vegetables that were noticeably overcooked. I will not use this hotel again.	
Aug 8 2006 	Excellent All Round!!	My wife, I and three children stayed in this hotel for six nights last week and found it to be excellent all round.We had a family suite consisting of two bedrooms and separate en-suite.The rooms were above average size for a London hotel and there was always an adequate supply of towels and hot water in the en-suite.The bedrooms also had separate wash-hand basins and each had a t.v. and tea/coffee making facilities. The breakfast consists of a hot buffet with an excellent selection of food which is served in the bright airy dining room.There is an exit from here out on to a beautiful garden with seating.If you require a different breakfast from that at the buffet this is also catered for. There is also a cosy bar/lounge which serves food up until ten o'clock at night.In the evening the breakfast room also doubles up to become an excellent restaurant. The staff are quite friendly if not overly so and there is adequate car parking outside for anyone bringing a car.The hotel is just over five minutes walk from Greenwich park.If you want to travel to central London(Westminster) there is a number 53 bus which you can take after a five minute walk across the heath just outside the front door.There is also a train service from Blackheath village just a short walk away. Overall a very good hotel for anybody wishing to stay a bit away from the centre of the city.Highly recommended!!	
Aug 15 2005	Average but not unpleasant	Not a bad hotel - limited parking and receptionist efficient although not over-friendly (although was quite busy). Late check out wasn't very late at all - about 11:30am if I recall.The room was basic but clean and the heater worked well. The only problem was that the towels smelled rather musty. Unfortunately I had been out until late the night before and didn't make it to breakfast!	
