	dreadful food	We haven't stayed at the inn but used to eat there regularly. It was very special. I think the main chef has left because the food is terrible now. What a shame.	
Nov 1 2009 	We loved this hotel and would definitely recommend it	This is an old pub that has been refurbished beautifully and in a very modern but homely style. We stayed 4 nights in a family room when we came back from USA for a family wedding in the area. We have 3 very young children and they all stayed in the family room with us. It was not huge (this is London after all) but it was plenty big enough for us. The pub is gorgeous and the food is great. The staff are all immensely friendly and helpful, and made us feel like this was a second home. It is walking distance to Kew Gardens. Only a minutes walk to the tube and cute shops and restaurants. You can get into London in 20 minutes, Richmond in 10 minutes. Close to M4 and other major roads. Only drawback is no easy parking, especially during the week, when the area is zoned.We are hoping to go back next month and would recommend it to anybody visiting the area for fun, or staying for business who wants easy access to London but wants to stay somewhere more casual than a soul-less hotel. Come here and experience the best pub culture of the UK, mingle with locals and truely relax.	
Oct 16 2008 	Pleasant little Inn	We stayed at the Inn at Kew Gardens last month for a friend's wedding. The location of the hotel is great. It's in a quiet neighborhood - very close to the train station. Has lots of good little restaurants within walking distance and there's a little dry cleaners/laundry place right next door (quite convenient I thought).The hotel has been refurbished. Our room (the &quot;Larkspur&quot;) was a decent size - as was the bathroom. Overall, the room was clean and comfortable. Mind you, there are no lifts at this hotel...so be prepared to get a good work out on the stairs :)The rooms are above a public house. The pub has a very laid-back atmosphere with lots of friendly locals. It serves great food (my favorite was the &quot;Inn Burger&quot;...it's literally quite a mouth full!!). Breakfast is also served downstairs in the pub. It comprises of a small buffet (juices, milk, cereals &amp; fruit) along with a hot breakfast prepared to your liking.And in case you're wondering...once upstairs we never heard anything from the pub. The only 'noise' came from the airplanes flying overhead.The staff at the Inn are wonderful. EVERYONE was very helpful, courteous and friendly (Thank you Lucy, Andy, Martin, Theo, Billy and everyone else who's name I've regretfully forgotten) :(We definitely had a pleasant stay at the Inn at Kew Gardens.	
Jun 2 2008	Basic	We stopped one night and the general rooms look good but not very clean, i think they forgot the duster and the rooms at the back of the hotel fill with the smells from the kitchen and get very hot.	
Dec 21 2007	Christmas drinks rip-off	If you visit this hotel, make sure that you check their price list before you order anything. I recently paid a visit with a group of friends. I ordered two drinks, a pint of bitter and a glass of mulled wine. When the the barman said that will be £8, I thought I'd miss-heard. When he brought us mince pies, I thought this was because he felt guilty for charging us so much. Then it turned out the pies were included in the price.I hadn't ordered mince pies, neither did I want them as we were about to go for dinner at an excellent nearby Nepalese restaurant Rara. When I complained the next day to the manager, he wrote me a polite response and offered a refund.However, he clearly had no interest in my point of view, and no-doubt wished he could have said something more blunt. He appeared to have no respect for my opinion that his staff needed a little extra training.The moral of this is to be very cautious before placing an order, or better still, go somewhere else.	
Oct 27 2007 	Above the pub	The hotel is a 3 storey recently refurbished hotel on top of a public house. It is very convenient for Kew Gardens and the M3. Also Richmond Park. There are 19 rooms, well renovated with contemporary furniture and bathrooms. Rooms are a bit small and dark and slightly stuffy but comfortable. The hotel is very clean. There is no lift so not suitable for those with a disability. We were on the first and third floors but there was no noise from the pub or planes directly above on their final approach to Heathrow. Breakfast was freshly and individually prepared - very good. Staf were pleasant and helpful. Overall the stay represented Value for Money.	
Nov 17 2009 	Ganz nett mehr aber auch nicht.		
