Oct 26 2009 	Shephard nightmare	I want to warn everyone who considers staying in Hotel 65. Hotel 65 is definitely the place to be, if you want a hotel with a rude staff, enjoy broken furniture, and feel home at a place where dirt doesn't only cover the floor, but almost is the only substance of the floor, blankets an curtains. Test your survival skills; if you survive this hotel, you know you'll be able to stay anywhere.We rented a room in Hotel 65, knowing that it was a hotel in the cheaper section. We were promised something basic and small but clean in an agreeable neighbourhood. However, the place was awefully dirty, a lot of the furniture was broken, and we didn't dare to go to the shops across the street alone, because after 9 o'clock they were the popular hangout for alcoholics. So do avoid this place, unless you don't mind to roughen things up a lot!	
Jul 3 2009 	Normal hotel good price	We picked this hotel because of its good price and location. It is approximately 10-15 minutes walking from the metro station (Hammersmith). The room was clean, without noise and it was in the next building. We also had continental breakfast included in price (one toast with cheese and juice).The only problem was with our room key which was not working, but the receptionist helped us :)	
Dec 22 2008 	Once BITTEN twice shy!	I have avoided writing a review of my harrowing visit to Hotel 65, but the fact I am still paying the price for this visit has left me with no choice but to warn others.I wasn't keen on staying here as I believe in comfort over budget but our friends booked it and of course, the price seemed reasonable.The hotel is all you'd expect for its price range: cramped, poorly furnished and basic. What I hadn't expected was the following:HORROR NUMBER 1: My partner found a white plastic contraption under the bed with &quot;Pest control&quot; written on it. Clearly the hotel expected &quot;visitors&quot; in our room. It seems they weren't wrong...HORROR NUMBER 2: I woke, went to the shower room and discovered to my horror that I had a large number of red bites all over on my stomach. You will know what these were without me spelling it out. Three weeks on and the bites have not gone away. Only antihistamines will make them go down and they are now scarring.Please, I really do recommend you keep well away from this place.	
Oct 21 2008 	Not for the faint hearted	Cheap in London terms but still expensive for what it was.Good location with lots of restaurants nearby and some good pubs including an excellent one at Brook Green.Now the hotel.... there were plastic sheets on the bed (cringe) and a very worn bedspread. The room had a musty smell as though someone old had lived there for a long time and had been forgotten about and the bathroom was really a toilet and shower enclosed in a cupboard. The TV was as small as a postage stamp and the reception was fine if you wanted to watch snow falling. All in all, the room is a shock but okay for a night.Breakfast was choatic but very good with great service and this was probably the best bit of the stay.	
Sep 30 2008 	Cheap and cheerful	Yes, the room was small, especially the bathroom. Yes, the breakfast was pretty basic. Yes, we had to boil the kettle on the floor because the lead wasn't long enough to reach the socket. But at that price, in London, what do you expect? The room was clean and comfortable, the water was hot, the breakfast was plentiful. As a base for shopping/sightseeing, it was fine.	
Sep 17 2008 	OK if you're on a budget	Stayed at the Hotel 65 for three days in September. The location of the hotel is very good, 10-15 minutes walk from Hammersmith station, and the neighborhood is nice and &quot;un-touristy&quot; with shops and restaurants. I had a single room at the New Century Inn. The room was pretty small but with a comfortable, queen-size bed. As quoted by other guests, there is a problem with the hot water. On the first day, I couldn't get any; on the second, I complained to reception who told me the guest in the room next to mine had used up all the hot water, which I didn't really believe. The receptionist came with me to the room, and it turned out you have to leave the water running for about 10 minutes to get it hot.However, in general the room was clean and adequate, if not a three-star standard (no phone, TV working on only a few channels, no desk and only one chair). I was surprised to learn the hotel charges an extra 5 GBP for an &quot;English breakfast&quot; (and a very skimpy one by my standards), even though my reservation included a full English breakfast. The breakfast staff were incredibly hectic, banging plates and spilling juice. The standard Continental breakfast is only toast, jam, cheese and cereals.I might stay here again, but it's certainly not a favourite place.	
Jun 25 2008 	The Worst Hotel Experiencen I EVER Had	It was supposed to be a weekend to get together with a friend and watch a nice theatre play. It was. The Hotel is divided in buildings (in different blocks, so you walk with your bag for miles!) and if there is any problem you don't have a telephone to call the reception.Rooms have no warm water, bad matrisses or are suspiciously unclean. Or all of it, as I was my case.My friend was so upset with it that she decided to leave the hotel as she could not sleep one more night so uncomfortable was her bed. Indeed she moved to a hotel in the same street and got a better deal and a better room.I didn't have breakfast there, so I cannot tell. Accomodations terrible, service rude, worst value for your money. Avoid it at all costs.	
Jun 23 2008	A NIGHTMARE	We were at this hotel on a school trip ( with students aged 15-16 from LODOSA, Spain) and had a really bad experience. The man who had the night shift was really rude to us and insulted our students, who are really well behaved and good mannered, calling them &quot; stupid idiots&quot;.The place was really dirty, no cleanliness in the rooms, and with broken items of furniture. The only thing the manager wanted was the 150 pounds deposit we were obliged to give him on the day of our arrival. So, he accused us of smoking in the rooms and breaking the furniture. He is a liar!We couldn't congregate in the street after 10 p.m! If we did so or made any noise, we were fined with 20 pounds each. Something incredible.Our students were really afraid and didn't dare go out of their bedrooms, in case that terrible man appeared. They don´t deserve it, I´m sorry for them.I wouldn´t recommend this hotel to anyone.I must say that we asked the police in Hammersmith for help and they were really helpful and kind to us. This didn't seem to be new for them, I think it was not the first time they received a complaint from this hotel.My best regards to the nice students from Pablo Sarasate High School in Lodosa, who showed respect and patience towards the complicated situation they had to go through.	
May 19 2008 	Ok overall but just for short stays	I was in London from 4 nights travelling alone and I booked a single ensuite room at Hotel 65. Once there I was told that the hotels are in fact 6, and I was sent to Hotel 45, 100m down the same road of Hotel 65.The room was extremely small, the smallest room I've ever been into. The &quot;bathroom&quot; was even worse, washing in the shower was a pain as I hit the walls every time I tried to move.A good thing about the hotel is that it's clean (for UK standards), even if it had not a very nice smell.Another good thing is that the hotel is 10-15 min walk from Hammersmith underground station, which will take you to the center of London in 20-30 minutes.Overall is a good hotel for a very short stay and just for having a place where to sleep, I do not recommend it to people who want to spend more time at the Hotel.	
Apr 20 2008 	great value and service	10 of us booked individually without telling hotel we were connected ,on the second day they rearranged our rooms so we could be in the same building.Lucky we told them first evening as they were full the next day ,we had a long Easter Weekend.Comfortable clean rooms ,very clean bathrooms and great breakfast.Friendly staff and very good value -what more could you ask for.	
Mar 25 2008 	OK location bit scummy	A party of 6 of us checked into Hotel 65 only to be told our rooms were actually 200 yards away in another building. Hotel rooms were teeny tiny, with pretty gross decor. Although at first glace it didn't look clean, I was happily surprised with the white crisp bed sheets. We ALL had cold showers, again the bathrooms were very very small, one person has to pivot their way around it. Breakfasts were not 'full' or 'English' instead some toast and plastic cheese were all we were offered. Yes it was cheap (only my London standards) but I still feel we could have received more for the money.	
Mar 11 2008 	Cheap and Cheeful	Having read several reviews and wanting to book a room to &quot;do&quot; London on the cheap this seemed to be a good choice for my daughter and I for the stayover.Having walked three miles the WRONG way from Hammersmith Tube, I had to call the hotel to get directions back. Not only were they chuckly they were very helpful and this mishap helped break the ice when we arrived.Having one of the annex rooms wasn't a problem though the climb up three floors could have been if either of us had needed ground floor rooms - though I guess had we said they'd have obliged.Nice clean room which was warm. Curtains needed to be a bit thicker to block out the early morning sunshine but hey...it was sunshine!Bathroom was a bit on the small side but very clean and nicely done out and as we were only staying one night it was certainly good enough.Beds was comfy with nice clean white sheets. Tea and Coffee as standard but the TV had trouble receiving channels without some extensive fiddling with the aeriel.Breakfast was more than enough with as much toast and cereal as we could eat and although the breakfast room was packed the statt stayed calm and didn't hassle us out to make room for the guests queuing to come in.Friday night saw us in the &quot;local&quot; The Richmond as we were staying close to the hotel and the drinkers and staff were great fun making us welcome. Across the road was an outstanding Indian called The Raj of India which we used as my daughter didn't fancy Le Cafe Rouge.All in all for £23 each it's certainly somewhere I would be happy to stay again. And with a friendly pub and eatery close by what more could you want if you fancy London on the cheap	
Feb 7 2008 	Never believe internet photos!	When I arrived there, the guy at the reception desk with a weird accent told me that my room was at another building, trying to convince me that that room was better!? It was just a nightmare, room was at the top floor(former attic) with an open window almost at the ceiling, broken, and I couldn't sleep because of cold air and drunk people's songs filling in the room al nite long.And there was no hot water at all!!Next morning I stopped at the reception, there was another guy who knows from which country, didn't like my complaints, almost yelled at me but said he'd check the room. That afternoon nothing was fixed and I wanted to leave the hotel. New receptionist, young woman from Bulgaria, offered me another room at the main building, which was awful but at least window was not broken! Then she showed me the toilet?! which was at the corridor not in the room! It was the worst hotel ever, do not go there if you have any respect for yourself! I didn't have any other chance at that time so I had to stay but NEVER AGAIN IN THIS WORLD!!!!!! By the way what kind of a country is that?..How come this hotel is still in business???????????Shame on you ENGLAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 21 2007 	Nice Well Located Budget Hotel	Stayed here for a 3 night break in November as a couple. Weather was pretty poor (wet &amp; cold) but it is the UK in winter. The room was quite small with 3 single beds. Pull back the covers to reveal spotlessly clean white sheets. The bathroom was also very clean. Location was excellent with 3 tube stops within 10mins walk from the hotel. No lifts in the hotel but it is not a tall affair. We stayed on a Bed and full English breakfast basis. The breakfast consisted of coffee/tea, toast, 2 bacon, 1 egg, 1 sausage with tomatoes or beans. All were well cooked and very tasty. Staff were also friendly and effeicent. To sum up if you are travelling on a budget and want a clean, well located hotel look no further. We will use this hotel again and could recommend it to others who want no frills accommodation.	
Nov 17 2007 	Does what it says on the tin	Clean, cheap, great value for London. Nothing spectacular - but at GBP45 for a single room with cooked breakfast it is absolutley fine. Spotless, warm quiet room, spotless bathroom (if cramped).Adequately comfortable bed. OK, so you walk 20m down the road to the next building - well so what? Many hotels you wlak much further! One or two revieiwers below may have got unlucky_ others are perhaps looking for something more than a basic clean B&amp;B for a nights or tow. The hotel seemed to have a lot of young tourists into the UK. Would I stay again? Certainly if I needed to be in that part of London. Would I take my wife/family - yes I would at that price.	
Nov 9 2007 	Find somewhere else next time	This hotel was a bit of a joke really. Although London-Discount-Hotel.com had sent through our booking for two single rooms, Hotel 65 had no record of it. The Romainian on the night reception was helpful -we were first shown two single rooms at the front of 65.They were very small and very noisy. The radiators could be be adjusted so the room was very hot. When I complained my daughter was given a better room up the road. It was not a full breakfast as I had been led to believe and there was no choice at all-white bread toast and cheese. The breakfast staff were friendly enough but rushed because breakfast had started at 7pm until 9pm on a Sunday! So everyone came down at 8.50am. My final thoughts were that this owner is simply in it for the money and is not at all interested in improving his properties or in customer service.	
Oct 15 2007	Hotel 666	I stayed at Hotel 65 ( if you can call it a hotel) two weeks ago. I'm not fussy but this place is a joke and the 'dude at reception' is an even bigger joke.This hotel consists of three old houses, I was staying two doors down. I found the people at reception very rude, no hello, please or thank you. They both stayed on the phone yapping while myself and my boyfriend checked in. And did not show us to our room which I found strange seen as it was down the street. When we got to our room there was a strip of nails lining the corridor where a carpet must have been. The room was freezing and when I asked reception will the heating come on soon they said play around with the radiator. It did not get fixed for two days. Every night there was a gang of kids hanging outside our window all night and a group of kids throwing a house party upstairs with the music blaring. Im only 23 so i'm not an old prude but you would get more peace in a hostel.Breakfast was ridiculous. The manager expected myself and my boyfriend to sit at opposite ends of the room with strangers because there was no space. When I said politely I didn't mind waiting for a table he got very sarcastic. The breakfast consisted of white toast and gone off cheese with tea. When I asked would there be a proper breakfast or was it available the waitress atomatically called the wonderful manager. He was very offended and said this was a contenental breakfast and if we'd bothered to look at the website we'd know that. ARROGANCE!! He was horrible. Shepards Bush is Great though and we had the time of our lives.... but don't bother with Hotel 65. Some people just don't deserve your custom or your money.	
Sep 16 2007 	Cheap very clean good food overall good experience.	Having read the reviews here, I was a little skeptical; however, I need a cheap place to stay for a concert at the Appollo and this looked ideally located.Was a bit further from the tube station that I'd thought but not too much. Found the dude on reception friendly, very polite and helpful. I was directed to a house on the other side of the street - The New Century Inn, which was a lovely building, looked fairly recently redecorated and I was very pleased.The room was clean, warm and dry. Very quiet also, as we were lucky to get a room round the back of the hotel facing the gardens and not the street. Bathroom was small, but shower was powerful and lovely and hot so that's all I care about. Tea making facilities in room were heavensent. Beds were a bit hard but linen was lovely and crisp and clean.Breakfast was gorgeous. The dining room was full, yet we waited no longer than about 10 minutes and whilst we waited, we almost couldn't move under the offerings of toast, tea, coffee and anything else we wanted. The cooked breakfast was excellent and perfect to get the day started.I think a few of the previous reviews are a little out of date - I recommend travellers check the dates they were left, as the hotel seems to have gone under some refurbishment recently. I'm not sure about all the buildings but I didn't experience any unhelpful, rude staff, damp or mould or any lack of security with the buildings.Overall, an excellent experience for the money.	
Aug 21 2007 	Could have been good but wasn't	We stayed here on two occassions in Aug 2007. The first room appeared great on first inspection. However, there was a mysterious sewerage smell and there was no hot water in the shower. The second time seemed better, although we had to get up about 60 stairs to our room. The room was small but great as it had a slanted roof and a funky ceiling window that you could stick your head out. However, our time here was tarnished again by the rude man at the counter. Fortunately, the other staff were friendly, especially the hard working breakfast staff.	
Jul 23 2007 	Good little hotel!! ideal location!	Me and my boyfriend stayed here when we went to watch Charlotte Church at Shepherds Bush Empire, wanted somewhere clean, cheap and cheerful and this hotel was exactly that!The room was very clean and tidy a little small but we were out all day sightseeing so that didnt matter!! The location is perfect if going to a concert at sherpherds bush it is in walking distance with some lovely restaurants and pubs near by, also close to the tube for quick travel into London.I would definately use this hotel again next time we come to London as we found it very pleasant and comfortable for the price!	
Nov 20 2006 	Not so Great	Arrived a day early and thankfully they had a room available - in the dungeon. Placed in the building next door (apparently this Hotel has 6 separate buildings scattered along the street) on the lowest level, Americans would probably call it the basement. The room was very very small, such that the wife wanted to move immediately, but I made her stick it out for the four days. The accessories, cups, glasses were dirty on arrival and were not replaced daily. Small &quot;bugbear&quot; of mine, I like clean stuff. When I went back to reception and requested clean stuff, the lady behind the counter provided them, but it seemed to be inconvenient for her. She was polite, but appeared stressed.Having said all that, the Hotel is ideally located (except for the drunks across the street and down two buildings who inhabited the steps and ogled young ladies as they walked past). The Hotel is priced very well and the location of Hammersmith is pretty good for commuting/visiting London.Would I stay there again - not likely, will pay the extra dollars for somewhere a bit better.	
Oct 27 2006 	Basic not bad for the price though	Basic, clean hotel. Bathroom very small with catch missing off the door. Not a problem, but attention to little things like this in a budget hotel go a long way to helping its image.However, the Greek(?) hardcore porn channel after midnight did considerably cheer things up!	
Oct 15 2006 	Reasonable hotel - what you would expect for the price	Hotel 65 gives you what you pay for, it is a very reasonable price and as such you would not expect the standards of a 5*. The room was clean, and a little on the small side, but not tiny. The towels were washed each night and the staff were friendly. For the price, I do not think you could ask for more.The hotel is easy to find from Hammersmith tube station, and about 5 minutes walk. It is located in a road filled with other similar hotels.On the downside, the breakfast is very rushed; and although on the site the room was booked it was stated the price includes full English we were only offered toast and cereal. However, this is only a minor complaint.If I were looking to stay in London for a bargain price I would not hesitate to use this hotel again.	
Jul 11 2006	Difficult one this..	Stayed with my family and the stay had both highs and lows.On the plus side the staff/owners were very friendly and helpful, the toilet was clean with newly laid floor and tiling. Beds were clean and the room cleaning service was very good.The breakfast room was very busy but the staff coped beautifully under the pressure and the quality of breakfast was excellent.On the down side was the fact that the room was very small with almost no room to move between the beds. The walls were very stained and full of dirty marks so a paint job wouldn´t be a bad idea. There was only one lamp in the room and that was the ceiling one, making it impossible to read after getting the kids to sleep. There was only one set of wall sockets, the one for the tv and one beside it who were both behind the bed making it impossible to use the tea kettle without moving the bed away from the wall. The toilet door had no lock on it, the wardrobe doors was without knobs and had to be opened by putting the finger in to a small hole someone had made in the door, the small bedside table locker´s door had been ripped off it´s hinges and been left standing on the floor.Compared to the hotel in East London we stayed in the week before it was not priceworthy as a whole I´m afraid, with the state of the room tipping the scales over to the minus side.	
Apr 13 2006	Cheap 	Had a relatively pleasant stay. We arrived very early in the morning from our flight &amp; our room wasn't made up yet. The staff was nice enough to get the room ready within an hour, so we went down the street to a cafe while waiting.The hotel was clean, and came with the usual amenities. The only complaint would be that our room was EXTREMELY small. It was difficult for 2 people to get dressed/showered etc... at the same time. If you are a larger person, then it would have been literally impossible for you to use the bathroom or shower, which was the smallest I'd ever seen. The bathroom was very clean though.We stayed in the room next to the common breakfast area, and while there was a door between our room corridor and the breakfast, it was still quite loud starting around 7am, when breakfast starts. You may want to ask for a room that isn't on the main floor, as it's probably quieter. The linens were clean, but not very soft or comfortable. The main attraction was that the room was quite cheap for London, and included complimentary breakfast. Breakfast though only consisted of toast, coffee/tea &amp; juice. If you wanted cereal you had to ask for it, but it was free. Apparantly they did serve eggs &amp; bacon for an extra cost. Their website indicates that a &quot;full english&quot; breakfast is included, but it reality it was not.Overall, the staff was friendly &amp; helpful.	
Apr 7 2006 	Cleancomfortablefriendly	Well impressed with the quality and comfort of my rooms.Very friendly and helpful staff - hotel and breakfast room very busy but well ordered - usually a good sign of a hotels popularity as it was so busy and I stayed on and off over a 2 week period whilst working.Have a very good fire alarm system in the buildings (I work in the health and safety industry) and saw/heard it being tested on consecutive Sundays as it should be plus of the best L1 standard -only one I have seen in that road that has such a comprehensive system- have stayed in 3 other hotels down there and this has been the best.Will stay there again.	
Dec 21 2005	Cheap 	Recently went to see a Black Eyed Peas Concert at the Hammersmith Apollo and found this hotel on the internet at a bargain price for the December period of £98 for two nights.On the Saturday when we arrived we discovered that there is no parking close by, so had to park in a residential parking space for the evening before moving the car the next morning. Then, on entrance to the hotel, the lobby is very compact with three young lads sat on the stairs, making the place look like a youth hostel!!After a polite check in we were shown to our room through what seemed like a storage room, which was also part of the breakfast room, whilst being told that breakfast is served between 7am and 9am daily, including weekends! I'm one for a bit of a lie in on weekends myself so we didn't make it to breakfast on the Sunday!On entering the room, not only was it small ... it was freezing cold ... heating was on but for some reason both windows in the room were open, and one of them didn't have a catch to close properly. We figured that the best plan would be to close the windows and go out for some food, hoping that it would warm up whilst we were out .... luckily it did!The en-suite, is definitely not for those who are of a bigger build... I'm not exactly petite, but as a size 12 lady I couldn't turn round in there without having to open the door.However, the room was very clean ... we could still smell the bleach in the bathroom ... so I cannot complain about that.Breakfast on day 2, which we made it up in plenty of time for, unlike the table behind us we were only offered toast, orange juice, tea and coffee, where as a full english was included in the price ... never offered!Those who have said that this is a friendly hotel, and I read these comments before booking my room, I seriously believe that we have stayed at different hotels! Cheap ... Yes ... Cheerful ... No!	
Jul 18 2005	Great little hotel	Stayed over for the Queen concert in Hyde Park. Hotel is east to get to and right next to the bus stop we needed to get home the next day - bonus!! Friendly staff and clean and tidy rooms made for a pleasant stay. Would recommend!!	
Apr 24 2005 	even better		
Apr 8 2005	fresh and friendly		
Mar 12 2005	Extremely good		
Feb 17 2005	friendly and nice		
Feb 5 2005	Not quite what the website promised		
Nov 30 2004	OK for the price		
Nov 22 2004	Great location for concerts		
Oct 13 2004	Service with a grunt		
Jun 24 2004	Hotel 65 not up-to-par		
May 4 2004	Check carefully before you stay!		
Nov 7 2009	Hotel des Schreckens		
Nov 3 2009	Schrecklich nie wieder		
Apr 25 2009 	a fuir une honte		
Mar 1 2009 	bof bof		
Feb 3 2009	Preis-Leistung stimmt		
Jan 8 2009 	Hotel 65 non il massimo ma accettabile		
Nov 22 2008 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 15 2008 	Überbelegung schwaches Frühstück eher Jugendherberge		
May 11 2008 	Decepcionante.		
Jan 21 2008 	Attenzione agli "Annex"		
Dec 22 2007 	buon posto ma si può fare di più		
Nov 18 2007 	Personnel sympa mais rue très bruyante		
Jan 4 2007	Hôtel moyen		
