Nov 19 2009 	Hotel Cavendish on Bloomsbury is an IN-DECENT one	1. They charged me twice on my credit card before I even checked-in2. The room is small and the bedsheet is dirty3. When I notified them of my checking-out the hotel a few days earlier than my original reservation 24 hours in advance, they charged me an extra night for that even if they told me earlier that no extra charge if it is notified 24 hours in advance4. During my check-in, I saw a lady with 2 children were complaining about extra charge as well.	
Nov 2 2009 	HOTEL CAVENDISH BLOOMSBURY NOT CAVENDISH HOTEL CENTRAL LONDON	I admit I booked this hotel based upon great reviews but did not realise there is two &quot;CAVENDISH&quot; hotels one in gower street bloomsbury and one in central london near picadily. Guess what i booked bloomsbury what a dissapointment i had seen the photo's on tripadvisor and when we arrived i knew something was wrong. But we checked in and took a look around this hotel is a certainly in the budget class we paid £275 for 2 nights b&amp;b NOT a budget room rate. At the time i booked i thought that was a great deal thinking we had booked the other CAVENDISH.  The room was OK being down a narrow coridoor with old mattreses propt up against the wall it is more suited to being a guesthouse than a hotel. In fact everything was just about ok. The breakfast was budget also with 1egg 1 sausauge 1 rasher of bacon and 1 slice of toast with half a tomato and around a dozen baked beans per person and the dining room was to small having to wait for a table. The hotel was not a disaster just disapointing for the price if we had paid £150 ish we would have been happy for london but we booked in a hurry and made a mistake PLEASE CHECK YOU HAVE THE RIGHT HOTEL BEFOR YOU BOOK	
Oct 25 2009 	Good quality at a reasonable price in a great location	We stayed for two nights in October in a classic room. The location was ideal for us with the main theatre district,shopping and many major attractions all within walking distance. Immediately behind Fortnum &amp; Mason on Jermyn Street, the location is quiet and almost perfect for central London.Rooms are a little small compared to many but you can upgrade. Decor is modern and facilities good although it's shower only at the lower end of the price range. The TV was distinguished by having the most complicated menu system of any I've experienced but it's hardly a major issue. The public areas are well appointed but very quiet when we were there. No bar scene here I'm afraid. Breakfast and the main restaurant are on the first floor and some tables have pleasant views of Jermyn Street. You can have breakfast in your room at no extra charge. I recommend it as the wait to be seated in the restaurant was unacceptible on the morning we went (and it was only half full anyway). Choice isn't vast but it was good quality. All the staff were very pleasant - some excellent. This hotel is a great base for a leisure trip to London. It isn't a destination in itself but a stay here will still enhance your trip.	
Oct 22 2009 	Very Highly Recommended	- We visited, having pre-booked much earlier via an auction site.- Communications throughout, from the hotel to Auctionair, and to us, were prompt, efficient and understanding (we had required to postpone more than once due to family problems.- I am familiar with Central London. This hotel is literally 90 seconds walk from Picadilly Circus; and yet it was nestled ideally in Jermyn Street. This allowed the hotel to be very quiet from the moment one entered - a hard task in London.- the staff - with one exception - were faultless. The reception area is rather bizarrely split &quot;naturally&quot; into a left hand and right hand desk, with a pillar off-centre. This makes queueing less than straightforward or obvious. We queued at the left hand side. On the right hand side, one of the receptionists finished with her guest. However, she then kept her head down, picked up some paperwork, and - despite us evidently waiting, and her never leaving the area - ignored us totally. For 4 star - and in relation to the rest of our experience - it was particularly poor.- Breakfast was served on a Sunday until noon - a great (and quite unusual) touch - it made the leisure trip all the better.- We had breakfast both mornings. On each occasion, the service was sharp, slick, very professional, seemingly entirely genuine, and exactly what was required. On our 1st morning, we went to the buffet - a customer came in an seated himself at our table without waiting for advice. We were not even aware of it when the team brought it to our attention!! It was discreet, quiet, without fuss, and very apologetic. They even offered to move him if we insisted. Precisely for that reason, we declined. A few moments later the manager (??), a lady&lt; again approached us, and further apologised, checking we were happy. At no stage did any of this seem disingenuous or false.- Afternoon tea was a pure delight. At £34 for 2 of us, it was exquisitely presented, fresh, more than ample - very highly recommended as a treat.- the room was small, but had been very well thought out and 2 of us had no problems.- the tv offers &quot;local information&quot; though we found this to be almost negligible. I would advise the hotel to consider beefing this up substantially. We speak English natively, and know London. For people less familiar, this may have been a trial - particularly when it has been advertised as being there.- we booked a late checkout for departure. At £10 per hour, very good value; and with no sense of the all-too-often &quot;have you not gone yet&quot; staff tapping at the door. - we required a taxi more than once. The concierge was very happy to oblige and prompt in so doing. We didn't have to wait long. However, he then did what we could have done, and walked onto Jermyn Street to await a passing cab. I would recommend a direct dial / buzzer, for the concierge to local taxis - it would have seemed a little less. haphazard. - Location simply cannot be faulted. For as central (theatre, eating, events, attractions) as it is physically possible to get, look no further.We will be staying again next year - and if the prices are anything like they are currently, I would consider a similar experience a bargain.	
Sep 29 2009 	Quality At The Right Price	The Cavendish Hotel was situated slap bang in the centre of london Picadilly and was ideal for ourselves be centrally located and going to watch a show. The staff were all helpful, The room although not the standard room was good value with a little extra comfort. The room and nad bathroom spotless and the breakfast was a good affair. All in all anyone wanting a good value hotel centrally located should spend a break here.	
Sep 24 2009 	Washing and sleeping are all you can hope to achieve in your room. Neither was a comfortable experience.	This hotel is generally tired and down-at-heel. All carpets are threadbare and paintwork scuffed. On a mild september day, the entire hotel was hot and humid. Seeing my single room, I assumed that I had been allocated a cabin room in error. I checked with reception and was told that, no cabin rooms are even smaller. I felt humbled by the thought that others must be suffering so much. The shower room was recently decorated but so lillipultian was its aspect that I could exit it only by pressing myself against the wall opposite the door: otherwise my body impeded its (inward) opening. The bedroom walls were a scuffed patchwork of soiled paint and unsanded filler. It was possible to view the TV only from the bed, which added unwelcome hours of exposure to its too-thin mattress and negligible pillow. I fled the room and spent the evening aimlessly walking the streets until tired enough to return and sleep. In the morning, Breakfast was well-cooked and the serving staff were polite and helpful. I would stay here again only if there were no conceivable alternative.	
Aug 26 2009 	Hotel was just what we were looking for good price clean and comfortable	For what we paid we couldn't expect more from this hotel. The room was clean, the staff pleasant and breakfast was good. We would certainly return to this hotel.	
Aug 18 2009 	Horror Hotel - Can't be 4 Stars - Rip Off	I have to mention that this Hotel claims to be 4 stars,but has tiny rooms no minibar,no lift ....We got the tiny room(10 sq m(100 sq feet) including bathroom) that other customers mentioned as well in their reviews and they told us it's a double room.So besides having bad service they take paing customers for fools.The breakfast is also a joke and the breakfastrom is so small that at some times guests had to stand and wait for one of the 6-7 tabels to clear.We asked at the reception if it would be a 4 star hotel and wanted a proof of that and we were told that they wold not be authorised to give such a proof.	
Aug 5 2009 	Tiny cramped rooms with poor amenities	The location, near the West End, University of London, and the City, is the only good thing about this hotel. The stair carpet is threadbare, the single room I had was tiny and cramped, the safe had been left locked by the previous occupant, so could not be used, there is no air-conditioning, so on a hot August night, I wanted to open the windows. However, there was an unopenable blind between the two levels of glazing, so this wasn't possible. As the location is very noisy, perhaps this was fortunate. There was a small desk-top fan as the only means of making the room tolerable for sleeping. The carpet was grubby and the wardrobe had a very few assorted dry cleaners' hangers. The shower produced a slow trickle of water, scarcely enough for a wash. The breakfast was well cooked but a single egg, single sausage, and single rasher of bacon hardly constituted a 'full English breakfast'.The hotel claims to have refurbished their rooms - one shudders to think how bad they must have been previously!	
Aug 3 2009 	Warning- avoid this hovel	Shocking. A room that has to be seen to be believed. Kind of the opposite of a tardis - smaller inside than outside. No room to move. Shower room even more useless. If small is your bag though then one thing you will be delighted with will be the full english breakfast - one rasher of bacon , a sausage, an egg and (honestly) 11 baked beans ! Toast arrived 10 minutes before meal or ten minutes after meal as only one poor waitress for 30 people- couples queing out into the corridors to get a seat. You end up sharinga table - Very hot room - no satelite TV even though it says there is. In 35 years of travel this is THE worst hotel we have ever stayed in - not even a base - avoid like the proverbial plague - Tom and Maria	
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent hotel close to Piccadilly	I stayed here with a colleague and the experience was very positive. We wanted a hotel with B&amp;B close to the West End at a reasonable price. The room was not large but was well equipped and the sound proffing was good. the bathroom had my pet hate - a stupid small bowl - masquerading as a sink ( why do hotels think its stylish when its so impractical)Breakfast in the morning was very good and reception check in /out effcicient and fast.	
May 8 2009 	Avoid this hotel!	I would never recommend this hotel. The room was in a 2nd floor and no lift so I had to lift my lyggage and laptop myself. When I reached the room, I have no words to describe it. was not .....the size of a midget!!. I had to jump over my luggage to get to the tiny bed....head and feet in the wall, bathroom , tiny, and water poor. I had to get out of my bedroom as soon as possible as I felt absolutely claustraphobic.The towels with hole.....so quality in general very poor. Only the location is good but does not compensate!Overall it was an appaling hotel.	
Feb 22 2009 	I feel ripped off	Really cross with Cavendish hotel, have stayed there before and had large double room at the back which I purposefully requested again as it is much quieter. On arrival we were allocated a TINY box room which was at the front over looking Gower street, very noisy and boiling hot. When I complained we were moved to sister hotel The Langland just down the road. There the room was bigger and at the back but grubby and smelly. There were doors banging all night as people came and went as we were near reception and had very little sleep. For the money I think both hotels offer poor service and facilities and we will not be going back.	
Jan 22 2009 	awful	stayed here for 2 nights and it was terriblemy room was minute, supposed to be a double, but the bed was far too small for a double.There were stains on my duvet, and cup stains on the table where the veneer had been taken off...my colleagues' rooms were even worse. Their rooms were ice cold, with a sloping table (!) and saggy bed in one...and a double which was 2 singles pushed together for the other.Moreover, when my colleague asked for an iron and board - he was directed to go downstairs to the basement, and iron his shirt in a room that looked like on of the hotel workers lived there.Only stay here if there's nowhere else in London to go.	
Jan 7 2009 	Average hotel in a good location	I stayed here in December 2008 for 1 night for a business trip. I chose it mainly because of its location, which is excellent. Short walk from Euston or Warren Street, it is located just opposite the large Waterstones bookshop in a row of terraced hotels. My room was located right behind reception which I was a bit worried about. The room itself was fine, although I can't understand why they put up a prefab toilet and shower room, which was very small. Flat screen TV on wall was OK although a bit high up and a bit small for the distance the bed was away. Double bed was clean and comfortable. Cooked breakfast was shall we say 'minimal' but was very nice all the same.The only real problem I had apart from the weird bathroom, was the noise. I got woken up at about 4am by people moving around outside the door, but I guess you're bound to get this wherever you stay to a certain extent. It wasn't terrible noise but because I'm a light sleeper, it did wake me up.Tea and coffee facilities good. Felt safe and secure and felt the hotel was absolutely fine for a night or two. Main thing is the location I'd say.	
Sep 17 2008 	Very Nice	Just returned from a one night stay. Can only give praise to the hotel and staff. Booked late so had to take a double room, which for a few extra pounds was well worth it. Room clean and tidy, and at the back so extremely quite. Had a wonderful nights sleep awoken in the morning by the smell of cooking bacon (Bliss). Breakfast very nice and staff very helpful.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good Location - Tiny Rooms	The location is greatWalking distance from the tube.However the rooms are tiny.They have two sizes for Double RoomsSmall and LargeThe small is really tiny ... no space to move aroundThe larger one is fine ... So call and make sure that u r getting the one with the sofa ..The other room can't fit in a sofa ...We had to wrestle and got ourselves into the larger one.Our friends were staying at the Regent (next door).Much better rooms for the same price.	
Jul 28 2008 	good location and price	2 minutes walk from the british museum and easy access to west end. so location is great. recent refurb by the look of things and the room was clean and bathroom newish. room was a triple i.e. twin with campbed so was a bit cramped. we paid £145 which seemed reasonable value for london! room however was stifling hot. on third floor with small sash window. unfortunately it was hottest weekend of trhe year. think carefully if you visit in summer. breakfast was mediocre. small portions even for us girls and service was questionable. would stay again though if i wanted cheap(ish) stay in good location and a small brekkie-maybe only in winter though!	
Jul 21 2008 	Great on Location Not so Great on Value	My husband &amp; I stayed there with friends for a long weekend in June 2008. Rooms were fine - probably above average size for central London, and bathrooms were very well appointed with full size bath &amp; separate shower. My main complaint was breakfast. The restaurant apparently has 2 AA rosettes but clearly no-one told the breakfast chef. For £21 per person (plus service) we were treated to mediocre fare indeed. My overcooked omlette was accompanied by a pot of lukewarm water and a tea-bag floating in a cup; a friend wanted only continental breakfast but got charged the same ridiculous sum for serving herself. The full breakfast was overwhelming in quantity and could have fed all four of us, had that been our mood, but all-in-all the coffee and muffins we ate across the street in Caffe Nero the next day were much more to our taste.Concierge was new to London - Australian I think - and was seriously lacking in knowledge of where to go, how to get there, etc. There are much better ways to spend £250+ per night, even in London.	
Jun 27 2008 	Beware	A truly dreadful hotel. The room was hardly bigger than the uncomfortable foam double bed. The temperature was sweltering - despite it not being particularly warm outside. The window could not be left open as the traffic noise was so loud. The trucks thundering past made the sash windows rattle.I have never been in a hotel room (despite back-packing around the world) that I have been afraid to close my eyes in. I implore you - STAY AWAY. Definately not worth the £145 that the company I work for, paid for my experience.	
Jun 19 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	I decided to try this hotel in spite of mixed reviews because all the others nearby and of similar price had consistently bad reviews. I was cosy but not suffocated, comfortable and quiet. My single room had double glazing with blinds enclosed, so I never worked out how to look outside. Gower Street was reasonably close to St Pancras for the Eurostar. I took a taxi with my 2 suitcases, backpack and walking stick - tube or bus would have been easy without the baggage. When they saw me, they put me on the first floor thank goodness. The stairs are very steep. I had just enough room to move my suitcases around and repack. Breakfast was bountiful and early.	
Jan 24 2008 	Nice cosy place	It is located at a very convenient spot. Was very clean and the lobby was lavender-scented. It might be tiny and there aren't any lifts (had a terrible time dragging my luggages up and down the stairs) but i find it rather cosy. Nice reception staff and breakfast was delicious. Although the price is a little steep for a b&amp;b, i wld definitely come back to this b&amp;b again.	
Jan 5 2008	It has character!	I love this place. It's close to tube stops and the British Museum, and the Beatles stayed there for chrissakes! All of the other complaints here are valid, I'm sure, but also just part of the aging, authentic house that it is. I would stay here again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Smelly small shabby	It is easy to see why this so called hotel has a self appointed 4 star rating. The web descriptions and photos do not really show a true picture. (Clever photographer) and do not indicate that the rating is self appointed. We booked a double room for 4 nights at a reasonable price between 125 - 145 per night between Christmas and new year.We arrived at the hotel prior to booking in time and walked into what I can only describe as the seediest reception I have ever visited, gloomy and stale. The gentleman at the desk however was very friendly and helpful. He informed us that we were in room 103 and that it was one of the best rooms. A good start. (Thank goodness we were on the First floor, No lift!!) The hotel appeared to be reasonably clean but smelled musty. The Room: Small, very small. It had an overpowering smell of shake 'n' vac and bleach. The carpet was filthy and the mattress on the bed reduced to about 1 inch when the bags were placed on it.Traffic sound was not too bad, no air con (but there was a fan in the corner. There was a small table in the corner with two SMOKED glass cups (I had some of these in the seventies!!) Nice shortbread biscuits though.The en-suite shower room looked as if it was an afterthought and had been built inside the existing room on top of pallet boxes (you had to step up to get in). Overall, the room was poor and depressing. We stayed the first night and had breakfast, which I must say was good and was situated in a pleasant and clean basement room. All the staff were pleasant and helpful.The web descriptions state that this hotel (B&amp;B) has been decorated to a high standard ??? They should ask for a refund. We cancelled our stay and booked into another 4 star at a slightly higher cost with greatly improved facilities. Would we stay again? NoI think it is wiser to shop around a bit and maybe pay a little more for better standards.This review sounds harsh but it is the truth, sadly. Once again I must state that the staff were not at fault and were excellent.	
Dec 7 2007 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Hotel Cavendish for a two night break at the beginning of December 2007. The London trip was a 40th birthday present from my husband and we took in the sights of London visited he Terracotta Army Exhibition and had a great meal at Fifteen - Jamie Oliver's. The Hotel was okay it had everything you needed it was clean airy and light. The bathroom looked as though it was a new suite. The room was a great size the bathroom was okay but a little small but both were very clean and well presented. Would we stay here again - yes we would. We were shocked to read the other reviews we did not have a bad experience at all. Our room did not look over the main road but to the back of the property so it was not as noisy. But what can you expect from London every street is a main steet traffic is continous as it is a big City. London is not the kind of place for a nice relaxing break it does not lend it self to that in my opinion. The breakfast was fine you could have a full english or anything from the buffet table. On the first morning I just wanted sonething light - poached eggs and tomatoe which was not a problem. The staff were very welcoming the receptionist even ordered us a taxi and gave us a call up to our room when it arrived. Our London trip was a great experience and we would definatley go back to the Hotel Cavendish. We stayed in room 208 that had a good view of the BT Tower with its colourful display of lights in the evening. Do not rule out this hotel for the price we paid and the great location only a ten - fifteen minute walk into Covent garden &amp; The British Musuem we felt it was worth it .	
Nov 27 2007 	Great Disaster	This is the most terrible hotel I have ever visited. First of all, no ventilation is available at the hotel, the smell is so disgusting that I can hardly breath well. When we entered the room, you can't believe that the floor is tilted by 20 degree, that means the floor is not flat land, but is a slope. I feel dizzy instantly.Then, I would like to take a rest on the bed, which lead us to another terrible part. The structure of the bed is so fragile and you won't dare to sleep on it. Of course, no need to mention that the single layer of the window will give yiou a feel that the double-deck buses are just next to you.It costs us 105 pounds per nite. But, I have to say that I won't enter this hotel again even if it's free of charge.	
Nov 19 2007 	like sleeping outside	hi all, went for the weekend with my husband for our 10th wedding anniversary and to meet some friends ,checked in at 8.30 pm got changed and went for a meal ( which was fantastic). came back for 11pm got in bed and thought the window was open because of the motorway- like traffic noise and serious draught,went to shut ut but to my suprise it was allready shut, there was a 2 inch gap at the bottom of the window and when its middle of november in london it is quite cold.i went down to reception to asked to be moved at 12.30AM it was unbearable even my husband couldnt sleep and he can sleep on a clothes line.and guess what,full.i told him i need movin to another hotel then and they were very understandingthey moved us to one near kings cross in a taxi.nearly same room on a busy road but quiet and draught free. overall good staff ,very helpfull, great location and very clean but needs the windowssorting or some secondary glazing. if you are booking good look with the room! cause its a great location.	
Nov 13 2007 	Glad It Was Just One Night	I stayed at the cavendish for one night on 8/11 and booked through the hotel website @95gbp which is pretty good for the location.We (me and husband) arrived late at nigh -1 am- and the guy at reception was friendly and nice to us . So far so good.Room was on 2nd floor without lift but no problem there cause luckily our bags were not heavy altough big.. When I entered the room I was pretty shocked by its size ! no room to open or just place the suitcases and the smallest double bed I've ever seen was situated against the wall with the only window . OK, we just needed a place to rest for a few hours but the worst had yet to come. The window had no double glazing and had a gap in it that let (very) cold air blowing over the two of us the entire time. Trucks roaring and speeeding down the outside road from 6:00 in the morning were the icing on the cake. I'm glad I didn't need to go to the toilet in the middle of the night cause i should have climbed over my husband to get out of bed! We obviously got up quite early and manage to have a shower in the minuscule cubicle called bathroom .My overall impression was of a general grubbiness and I didnt like it at all. In the stairs we was greeted by the unappealing smell of food (cooked breakfast??) which, altough included in the price, we decided to skip . A place where you can't even rest properly is just not worth the effort, is it? Needless to say we would not come back	
Oct 30 2007 	Would not recommend this hotel	I would class this as a bed and breakfast rather than a hotel. It is an old georgian building with sash windows which, in the room I stayed in, were in a terrible state of disrepair. This resulted in an almost unbearable amount of noise from the busy road below and I had little sleep on the two nights that I stayed, I asked to be moved to a room further away from the road but was informed that all rooms were booked. I asked the hotel manager to book a taxi to take my husband and I to a restaurant a short distance from the hotel, I strongly suspect that this was an unlicensed taxi as the driver had no identification, the car was unmarked and the fare cost three times what it should. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and would not stay there again.	
Oct 17 2007 	great location	I have stayed here before, and like the convenience of walking to the theatre, which is usually the main reason for my trip. I called them directly and got a better price than what was offered on their Internet site. It was still pricey, but everything in London is, and you can't beat this location. This used to be a wonderful old English hotel. They've made it more modern and European and lost a lot of charm along the way. The sink in the bathroom is one of those bowls on top of a stand -- too high for a regular sized woman to lean over without brushing herself against it. There is not enough room for toiletries, and the mirror was too far away to do a proper make-up job. It seems better suited to men (probably the designer was a young man) and is more of a business hotel in the bathroom and amenities department. Few of the staff were English in the breakfast room. But the location!	
Oct 4 2007 	Service? What service.	We stayed at the Hotel Cavendish for an anniversary theatre break. The location of the cavendish was superb and was in easy walking distance to theatreland. The hotel itself was clean and well presented. However, the problems started as soon as we arrived.The room was decorated to a good standard and was clean but this seemed to mask the poor amenities. Firstly, the new posh flatscreen lcd t.v was green and therefore unwatchable. We complained to the front desk and the receptionist came up to see for himself. He did not try to fix it apart from 'I'll let the manager know.' After arriving back from a great evening at the theatre I decided to have a shower only to find that it literally dribbled water. It would have taken an age to have washed. Again, I told the night receptionsit and he said, 'There is nothing I can do until the morning.' Fair Enough. The next morning we had to catch the early train and tried to check out. I complained that the t.v and shower did not work, the receptionist said there was nothing he could do as I did not pay full price for the room as I booked through Hotels.com. If I had known that getting a discount meant that I could not have used the t.v or shower, I would have paid full price! I asked if the manager would phone me, which he never did. I phoned again, no response, tried again, no response. In the end I called the Hotel 13 times over a ten day period! In the end the receptionist said that the manager did not want to speak to me. I found this absolutely disgusting. All I wanted was an apology, instead I was brushed off by the gutless manager. After writing to the managing director I received a brief phone call telling me I could have a 30 pound refund. This however, did little to change the bitter taste this whole episode left.	
Sep 30 2007 	Good location but...	...the room we stayed in (LG1) was very small for three people. It was between the breakfast room and the kitchen (which started at 06:30 every morning) so no sleeping in. Perhaps they shouldn't even rent out that room.The staff and service was okay. And things seemed reasonably clean. No lift, so if you have bags, you will have to take them up and down some of the smallest steps we ran into. Venere ended up making two identical reservations for the hotel (which they picked up on before we arrived).	
Sep 17 2007 	Noiseiest Hotel I've ever stayed in (and I've been to a few)	On checking in I was initially impressed by the location but once we returned in the evening the problems became apparent. No double glazing and rotten windows and shutters whose hinges had come away from the wall, and could easily fall on a less observant guest's head, so no effective sound insulation. Consequently our attempts at sleep were accompanied by the sounds of numerous heavy goods vehicles using the very busy Gower steet outside, honestly it sounded as though the windows were wide open. Just thinking about it is making me tired. We greeted the morning ready for absolutely nothing with our eyes smarting from lack of sleep. I told recdeption about these problems and was met with polite and well practiced indifference (and no offer of a refund of any sort).Maybe the rooms at the back are better, but to be on the safe side I'd advise steering clear	
Jul 20 2007 	Tiny rooms great service and location	A simple good hotel in Central London. For the price, the hotel is honest: tiny single rooms. Best feature: service. Very efficient and really pleasant staff. They will try to help you with anything you need. Wifi. Very good deal. I stayed here twice and will ceratinly stay again.	
Jul 9 2007 	Really great hotel and location	Booked through Lastminute and stayed for the weekend.Really liked the room and hotel location. Great bed, shower etc etc....in fact I cant find any faults. Would have liked to order breakfast in bed, but that sadly did seem to be very overpriced. So we had breakfast outside the hotel.Would def book again.	
Jun 3 2007	Great hotel	My mum, sister in law and myself stayed in this hotel for a theatre break. We arrived on a hot sticky day with our car to park. Our luggage was unloaded and then the car parked for us. The check in staff were very friendly and helpful. Our rooms were spotlessly cleanand even had tea and coffee making facilities. The beds were so comfyyou sank into them. We had a lovely breakfast and the staff in their were very attentive and efficient. The situation of the hotel was excellent and we were able to walk to Theatreland, Covent Gardens, Trafalger Square etc. I intend to go back to the hotel in the near future as found it very well run.	
Mar 29 2007 	Good	Clean and comfortable rooms. Good Service. My room was particularily small but perfect for one. Definetly would recomend making sure you get a bigger room, if traveling with others.Great location.	
Mar 28 2007 	Claustrophobic? Don't stay here	I had been to Hotel Cavendish before the renovations, back when it was owned by a very erratic, messy yet enthusiastic person. Back then the rooms were not exactly up to par -- the breakfast room was not really clean, my room had bare walls and a window that wouldn't shut properly -- but the rates reflected this quality and frankly, the location could hardly be better.I decided to book the same hotel for a business trip to London. I checked their Web site and was encouraged by pretty pictures of modern rooms. I was a litle surprised that such a small hotel, with small rooms to begin with could turn into the pretty pictures on the site. Considering that the rates had tripled (yes, tripled), I figured the quality had also tripled. I booked a single room.On arrival it was clear that the hotel had been renovated. Clean carpets, bright lights, even a front desk. Though the heaters were working full blast making it unbarably hot, I felt reassured that I had made the right choice. Then I was shown to my room #202.The door opened onto a very narrow and long entrance -- the word narrow isn't strong enough. Its width was no larger than the distance from one outstretched arm to the other outstretched elbow. And I am a short person. Towards the end of this entrance, a very narrow desk (barely wider than a laptop). At the end of it, a single bed squeezed against a wall with a window. No room on either side of the bed for lamps or table. In short, it really felt like I was in a sleeper cabin in an old fashion train. I had to put my bag sideways on the floor for it to fit, and could only open it with difficulty.I sat on the bed and realized immediately that the window didn't shut properly. I wondered if this was the same room I had had in the past...at about 2 in the morning, I was woken up by a man on the street below having a conversation on his cell phone. He was planning some kind of a party with his friends. I felt like I was in the street with him.I would not recommend this hotel, particularly considering the high rates. Even its great location isn't worth it. There are many other B&amp;Bs on that street. Note of warning: do *not* ask them to book you a taxi. They use a private taxi who will overcharge you. My driver was extremely reckless and almost got into an accident before being pulled over by the police. When I refused to pay the fare, the driver threatened that he would not return my bag. Definitely not worth it.	
Mar 23 2007 	Almost Perfect	I had a great experience. The staff was friendly, the area was quite while still close to everything, the room was clean, the breakfast was excellent.The only thing preventing me from rating this a perfect excellent is the false fire alarm going off 3 out of 6 mornings! Thank goodness I have a healthy heart, because the alarm nearly gave me a heart attack all 3 mornings.	
Mar 13 2007	best choice!	I've just come back from London, where I spent a weekend with a friend. Everybody was saying hotels in London are expensive, with tiny dirty rooms, so I was kind of worried. I made the reservation for the Cavendish hotel through the website Venere.com and I had no problems at all with both the website and the hotel. This small hotel is in a very good location, in a quiet street in the center of London, in short walking distance from the British Museum and from several tube and bus stops. The room had a decent size, not huge, but big enough, the bed was big, we could also have twin beds that I asked in the notes, 'cause it didn't look available in the automatic form for the request. The bathroom was tiny, with only shower, but you could easily move inside and it was really clean, like all the rest of the room which appeared to be recently renewed. Complete english breakfast was included in the price and served in a nice and clean room, not bad, even if I thought they missed some fresh sweets or at least some cookies. The only con is the lack of a lift, we were on the 3rd (and last) floor, and hopefully our luggage wasn't that heavy! Globally a very good choice, not cheap (£95 per day for a double room) but not really expensive for London and for the location. Staff very kind! I'll go back again!	
Feb 25 2007 	kindness of staff	We arrived 2 hours before check in time, but the very friendly and smily receptionist welcomed us and told us we would not have to pay for the upgrade to a superior twin which I had requested on the phone the previous day. We only stayed one night, but it was a special theatre break for my daughter and myself. On the second morning I felt really ill having contracted a chest infection before our visit. My daughter asked if we could stay in our room so that I could rest until our bus departed in the afternoon and they very kindly said that would be fine. During our stay we had many opportunities to speak to staff and they were all unfailingly welcoming and polite. Our room was comfortable and spotlessly clean. We would certainly return to this lovely hotel which is very well positioned for all the attractions of theatreland and Leicester Square.	
Feb 12 2007	Great hotel	After reading revues on this hotel regarding noise from other rooms and from the street, I can report back that this was the quietest hotel I have stayed in in London. The rooms were spotless, everything catered for. The bathrooms very clean and modern, and a bit larger than most in the city. The staff were very courteous from the minute we got out the taxi. The breakfast was excellent. Plenty choice of hot and cold. Bar prices slightly expensive. The hotel has a lovely relaxed feel about it, and it is in a great spot for shopping and walking down to the embankment and the Eye.We will definately stay at this hotel again. It has a much friendlier atmosphere than some of the other larger hotels where you have to stand in line for everything from check-in to check-out. Use the hotel site for good deals.	
Jan 20 2007	Good for London	My friend and I had to stay in London because of the dreadful storm this week, and as this hotel is around the corner from our office, we booked it. They were friendly on the phone, and we could choose between rooms. I asked for two at the back. Both 201 and 301 were lovely with 201 being bigger by a tiny bit. Reception was efficient and friendly. Bathrooms was great very clean. The space in the room was big for central London. It is a very good location if you are a visitor to London. If you are a light sleeper the back is better. Breakfast was fine, plenty of choice, light English breakfast - coffee a bit strong Service fine! All in all very pleasant.Only bad point - room too hot, but I find that in most hotels in England!	
Jan 6 2007 	Great rooms poor service	On arrival I was told that I would be staying &quot;next door&quot; for the first night. No apology or anything! The hotel manager accompanied me 5 minutes down the street (i.e. not next door at all!) to another hotel. There, he proceeded to have an argument with the woman at that hotel before showing me to a room. I don't recall the name of this other hotel. The room was a reasonable size but the floor was dirty. I kept stepping on bits of food (or something). There was nowhere to hang my clothes, which were drenched from the rain. The next morning when I returned to the Hotel Cavendish, my room wasn't ready, but I was able to leave my case there. I returned later and they kept saying it'd be ready in &quot;15 minutes&quot; but this happened several times and it was about 3pm before I got in there. When I finally got in the room at the Hotel Cavendish, it was really nice. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom amazing (I would say luxury!!) and there was a small flatscreen TV above the bed. Not a huge room, but good for the price. The breakfast was OK. All in all, the inefficient service spoilt this stay a little. I would recommend the rooms highly but, if they overbook, you may end up at a horrible hotel down the road...	
Oct 15 2006 	Excessive road noise but nice location	Avoid any room at the front of this hotel. The road noise is excessive as Gower Street is a busy road. Good central location. Hotel staff were pleasant, good breakfast and nice refurbishment. Just take your ear plugs...Apparently, they cannot put in sound insulation into this listed building. However, I looked at the hotels either side and they has clearly done so.	
Oct 11 2006 	Very clean comfortable good value	Recently spent one night here with 3 friends in a quad room (approx 100 pounds for the room, incl full English breakfast). Hotel renovations are obvious-- it just smells &quot;new&quot; when you walk in (in a pleasant way). Everything looks new and clean, decor is fine. Reception to the right just as you come in the door was adequate and comfortable. We arrived later than expected thanks to a transportation problem, and the reception clerk was very friendly and helpful with recommending restaurants still open at the late hour.Room was large with one king and one double bed, and decent sized bathroom ensuite (shower only). Flat screen TV, fireplace, desk with kettle/coffee/tea/shortbread, armoire. Very very clean, beds were comfortable. We were on the ground floor at the street, but noise was not an issue. The only complaint about the room was that the door had to be slammed to fully close. Otherwise it would not lock.Breakfast was average, but selection was good, and there was plenty of food, even toward the end of the breakfast period. Full English was included in our room price.Location was fantastic. Close to Goodge St and Euston Square tube stops. Easy walk to Soho. A block from the London University. Close to Regent's Park, a great place for a run or walk. It appears that the new management has certainly gotten things under control. Great value, great place to stay in an expensive city. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 7 2006 	Laptop got stolen no hot water and unreliable Hotelmanager	I stayed in this hotel in May 2006 for two (2) weeks.I can absolutely sign and underline the former reviews.If you stay only for a weekend, you might not realise all the problems of think, it is just a temporay problem as the manager tries to explains it.BUT.. if you stay longer, you reckon, that the Hotelmanager keeps telling the same story to each complaining guest and acts as if this guest is the first one complaining about missing hot water. After a few nights my laptop got stolen and I found it hidden under the roof.	
Jul 14 2006 	Not quite there...	It is encouraging to see that a number of cheap budget hotels in London are getting upgraded. This can only be good for both travellers and the London tourist trade.The Cavendish is one such hotel. Situated in a row of similar looking hotel in busy Gower Street, it offers a reasonable standard of accommodation. My room on the first floor (107) had been nicely decorated and was large with thick curtains, high celiling, a powerful fan and a decent new LCD TV. It did lack a waste bin in the room itself and the newly installed en suite bathroom was small and lacking a couple of items (soap tray in the shower, drinking glasses) that one would expect. It was spotless however.The staff were all friendly and seemed hard working. They took my case to my room, not something you expect in these hotels. The small breakfast room was located down a rickety flight of stairs. The full English (as someone has commented) was basic but there was unlimited juice and coffee in addition to the usual rolls, cereals and fruit. The new reception was due to open later that day and will hopefully allow check-in to be a more relaxed experience.I wish the hotel luck with their improvements, we need more reasonably priced hotels with character in London, but they are not quite there yet.	
Jul 11 2006 	Chaos rules	The hotel is under new management, and while they've remodelled thebuilding, they've also kind of lost control of the basics. For instance, Idiscovered that my room had no toilet paper in the most inconvenient possibleway. There were no drapes or blinds on the windows, which is botha privacy issue, and makes it harder to sleep off your jet lag. The officegave the impression of complete administrative chaos, an impression confirmedwhen I got back home, and found that my credit card had been charged foran extra day -- I'm still trying to resolve this problem, and they haven't gottenback to me on it. (That one's a big deal -- getting the billing right is somethingyou just have to do.) Oh, and the reservation confirmation promises TVs andphones in the rooms, and that certainly wasn't true of mine.	
Jul 8 2006	comfortable and convenient	We stayed here for 4 days in late June and found the hotel to be better than our expectations. It's proximity to the British Museum was a big plus for us.The rooms have all been recently refurbished and are bright and modern, and while not 100% done, we had everything we wanted. The beds are really comfortable and the flat screen tv was great for watching the world cup soccer matches. The in room safes were fitted during our stay.The staff were friendly and very efficient, especially the waitress at breakfast. We were given a tour of the new reception area which was almost complete and looks stunning. The narrow old stairs down to the breakfast room were the only negative for us.We would certainly stay here again.	
Jun 23 2006	Great Value	We have stayed in several European hotels, and this was our second visit to Hotel Cavendish. Hotel Cavendish is a great hotel for price. It's not the Ritz, but the new management has done a great job re-furbishing the place. Compared to a year ago, the place is almost unrecognizable. The rooms have been completly updated. New carpet, paint, furniture, flat screen t.v.s . . . and most (maybe all) now have ensuite bathrooms! We had a great visit, and would definately return. I think most of the problems other travelers reported were related to the management changes and the heavy remodeling. When we were there (June 10-13) they were still working on the reception, but the new rooms, hallways and breakfast room were all up and running. They were very close to being completely finished. I can't wait to go back and see the entire place re-done. In my opinion the new management has done a fabulous job!	
Jun 13 2006 	Pros and Cons	I stayed at the Cavendish hotel while attending a conference at the nearby Birkbeck college recently, which was a mixed experience...On the plus side:1. The rooms have been refurbished recently and as a result are clean and smart.2. The ensuite bathrooms, though very small, are immaculate, and definately a plus as many London hotel rooms at this price have shared facilities.3. The price is very good for London.4. The location is convenient.On the down side:1. There is no proper reception area at the moment (though I believe one is being put in the new wing next door) so I had to drag my bags about the hotel before managing to locate the manager to check in.2. The manager kindly let me into 'my' room before the check in time, but when I got there somebody elses things were already in there - I had been given the wrong room. Previous reviews suggest that this has happened before, which raises issues about the security arrangements.3. The 'full' English breakfast consisted of one egg, one slice of bacon and half a tomato - not very 'full' in my opinion!4. There was no actual phone in the room, only a phone socket, and I was asked if I was going to want to watch telly - suggesting that if I said no, I would have been put in a room without one of these either!5. The single room was very small, even by London standards. 6. The management/organisation seemed a little eratic and did not fill me with confidence, even though I did not have any major problems myself.All in all, this was not a bad place to stay and met my needs for the two nights I was there, but I think I would look around for somewhere else next time, as there were too many little niggles and incompetancies.	
Jun 6 2006 	Nicely designed hotel	I stayed at the Cavendish after having stayed four months earlier.The hotel is very clean and nicely redecorated with Flat screen TV and modem and new en suite.Very good hotel just like their web site but check in was slow. Friendly staff and good breakfast included in price.Location is excellent but Gower street noisy. Overall very pleasant stay in London.	
Jun 1 2006	Eventually What We Expected	Our experience at the Cavendish was a &quot;comedy of errors&quot;, not very laughable at times. On April 30 I received an e mail confirmation of my reservation for May 24 to 27. About 3 weeks later I was in contact with the hotel by e mail again to inquire about transportation and nearby restaurants. They responded quickly and efficiently. On the morning of May 24 before departing for London I also e mailed the hotel to remind them that we would be checking in very late. With all this correspondence one would think I would be known to the small staff. When we arrived at 11:30PM on the 24th the hotel did not have my name or any recod of the reservation despite all the previous communiqués Nor did they have a room since they apparently had a leak on the second floor. They told us to go to the Tavistock Hotel a few blocks away, certainly a low class hotel but thankfully one that had room for us at midnight even though the Cavendish had not given them our name.The front desk personnel at the Tavistock were frantic with all the surprise guests arriving from the Cavendish. Trying to reach the Cavendish by phone the next morning was impossible (constant busy signals and/or staff who could not tell us anything) So we walked over to inquire if we would be able to move in that day. Things had miraculously been repaired and we were hastily assigned a room. Later two different stories emerged as to why the rooms, ours and other guests', were not available the night before. Our newly refurbished room was small, but clean with a very small bathroom. There was no phone at the end of the phone line curled up on the desk because, according to the staff, &quot;the lines were being repaired&quot;. This meant we had to use the phone in the very tiny reception office.There was no remote in the room for the TV but when I asked we were given one at no charge. Our room at the back on the ground floor, apart from people talking in the hallway en route to the rear reception and downstairs breakfast room, was quiet with no traffic sounds from the very busy Gower Street. The hotel manager is a very nervous, hyper-active, and unfocused individual .His modus operandi makes it difficult for his pleasant and helpful staff as they try their best to assist guests . Renovations are going on at the next door property which has apparently been acquired by the owners of the Cavendish. When completed the expanded facilities will offer not only more new rooms but also a better reception area and lobby. The breakfasts were generous and the location excellent in terms of access to a number of very close tube stations.Once there and settled (after wasting our first morning sorting things out) we found the hotel good value for the money in light of the high cost of good accommodation in London.	
May 30 2006	Don't even attempt to stay here!	I made my reservations well in advance, and after reading the reviews here, I sent an additional email to confirm my reservations, hoping to avoid being bumped to another hotel as some others have been. We arrived at 10:30 a.m., well before check-in, only to be told that they already had no room for us that night. We understood that we would not be able to check in at the time, but we had expected to be able to leave our luggage and return at the proper time to claim the room we had reserved. Instead, we were walked over to Tavistock Hotel for the night. We returned the next morning to see if there was a room available, and we couldn't get a direct answer. We asked to see a room to help us decide if we'd rather just stay at the Tavistock Hotel for our enire visit, and the host opened three different rooms for us. The first had someone's luggage in it. The second had people still asleep in the beds! The third was a different type of room than we requested but seemed empty. He clearly had no idea which rooms were taken and which were not. When we told him what sort of room we had reserved, he acted as if he would try to find one of those rooms, but we had seen enough. We decided to stay at the Tavistock Hotel for our entire visit instead, which he had said would be completely fine with him. We saw him walk at least four other parties over to the Tavistock Hotel while we were there. Clearly, they have no idea what the purpose of reservations is, and that he opened up a room with people asleep in the beds really bothered us. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 9 2006	Almost perfect.	We stayed at the Cavendish for 3 nights. The room was nice, the service Ok, the breakfast excellent. Only one complaint: one night the heating was turned off (temp outside was 4°C). Other than that (which was promptly solved) our stay was enjoyable. The hote is located 2 blocks away from the Undrground, but a few steps away is a bus stop that takes you anywhere. Moreover, it is three blocks away from the British Museum. We liked the hotel very much and recomend it	
May 6 2006 	Very Nice place to stay	We stayed in this brand new refurbished hotel beginning of May and really appreciated our stay here. It is very well located, in central but quiet area, near the underground and many bus stops. Our room was big and very nicely decorated, with all facilities, new design furniture, flat screen, free internet access. Buffet-breakfast was also very much appreciated. And most of all, welcome was very warmful and service really good. We will come back.	
Apr 30 2006	Couldn't stay - Awful!	We booked to stay here towards the end of May through a booking company I read the description, which stated the the hotel had been recently refurbished to a 'high standard'. I booked for two couples from North Wales. We arrived first. The hotel looked shabby from the outside, the entrance hall looked like a cheap B+B. We squeezed past two ladies with mops and buckets to get to the 'reception' - that was in a cupboard at the back of some narrow stairs. We were told we could leave our luggage in the breakfast room, this was down some more narrow stairs to the basement, and looked like student lodging. I was almost in tears by this time, particularly as I was responsible for booking it. I admit I never saw the bedrooms, but I was so horrified by the rest, that we managed to contact the booking company and change the hotel.I don't think my standards are exceptionally high, but I was bitterly disappointed and upset by the experience.	
Apr 28 2006 	Pretty good for the price and location	I stayed at the Hotel Cavendish last night, I didn't arrive until 11pm so all I wanted was a comfortable, clean bed for the night which is what I got. The room was tiny but very clean, it was identical to the ones shown in the photos a couple of reviews before this one. The bathroom was very nice, again tiny, but very clean and new. I couldn't find a remote for the TV anywhere and after reading previous review I now realise that I had to ask for it and pay a deposit, no-one explained this to me... The breakfast was ok for the price (£50 for a single room) although the stairs down to the breakfast room were very wonky and I tripped coming back up them! Gower Street is very noisy, but then you have to expect some noise in Central London! The hotel is a 10 minutes stroll from Euston Station and in a nice area.The things that disappointed me were:Nowhere to hang my clothes, ie no coat hook on door, there was a wardrobe with 2 hangers but no rail to hang the hangers on!!!Tea and coffee facilities looked a bit grubby, hence I wasn't tempted to useI would use this hotel again when on business in London, I wouldn't use it though if I was staying for more than 1 night as I think I'd need a little bit more room than the room provides. If you're just looking for a clean room for the night, then it's ideal.	
Apr 26 2006	nice experience	I booked the hotel for one night, without knowing much about the hotel and I got a good surprise. People very kind at the reception, very correct price, bed confortable, with all comodities in the room, and in the morning, another surprise, the garden in the center of London where I'll have a chance to have my breakfast when I come back in summer... but in the mean time I had a good english breakfast, in a very nice and enlighten room downstairs.	
Apr 20 2006	Hotel Cavendish is great	We enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Cavendish very much. The staff was very helpful and it was very clean. The location was wonderful. They are doing renovations now, like adding a new lounge, which will make it even nicer. Breakfast in the morning was one of the best I have seen in hotels. Everyone was very courteous, and it was overall a great experience.	
Apr 16 2006	Sunny stay with too many shadows - wouldn't recommend it	I have stayed at Hotel Cavendish for 3 nights at the beginning of March 2006. First of all, I have to say that the location is simply great, both regarding closeness to everything a tourist needs (attractions, food, shopping, cinemas) and safety (female travelling alone). If you are heading towards Trafalgar Square or Victoria, there is a bus stop just a few steps away on Gower street.I had one of the refurbished single rooms on the 2nd floor (206), and as I didn´t expect too much space I found the room new and nice, especially the heavenly bed and the brandnew bathroom with lots of soft towels. The room also has a flatsreend LCD TV (SAT).As regards to the breakfast, I cannot give any statement because I always missed it. 8-9 in the morning was just too early for me, but I found it unimportant.There were a few things that annoyed me a bit. First: no telephone in the room (although the hotel description says so);Second: when I arrived, the TV didn´t work. I asked the guy in the reception whether he could fix it. The mechanic came after 1 hour just to find out that due to the maintenance works (took place right behind my room´s walls, but very silently) the SAT-cable wasn´t connected to the socket yet, but he fixed it so I could watch. Unconnected cables were also the reason for the missing telephone in the room (but the highspeed internet connection was available!) and also one of the electrical sockets did not work.Third: 10 pounds deposit for the TV remote control, which seemed quite ridiculous to me after my experiences with the TV in that room.Fourth: Nice coffee and tea making facilities in the room - but what for, if the kettle doesn´t work?? But I was too tired to complain about one more thing.All in all too many small things that put a little shadow over my sunny stay in London. Don´t expect silence in Hotel Cavendish, Gower Street is always busy and the windows are only single glass. So bring some earplugs or buy them at nearby boots as I did. Last but not least there were no hangers in the wardrobe. They were my present to the next guest in 206 - I left some hangers from my shopping, but so could the management have done.Although I definitely love the area I will choose a different hotel next time, probably the Bonnington which is nearby and about the same price at ---.	
Mar 1 2006 	do not stay here	The hotel as a hotel is nice as it's been refurbished but the service was horrible. When I arrived the owner attempted to put me in another hotel next door for one night that was horrible. Obviously he had overbooked. When I didn't agree he didn't know what to do with me until I finally had to stay at a friend's house.When I arrived the next day the I said, okay at least he gave me a double room for the week instead of a single at a really good price. To my surprise, there was no telephone, even though they advertise they do on the internet. This was something horrible for me as I spend the week in the cold on payphones. When I asked to use their phone, they were hesitant and they actually took two pounds from me for calling within London for 10 minutes. During the week people came into my room and hung up pictures without asking me, people came in for the satellite tv. I thought this was really rude as I didn't expect people to be running in and out of my room except for the cleaning ladies.My last night the owner again asked me to move into a single room...I just thought this hotel was very unprofessional and made my life difficult for no reason except to make more money for them. The rooms and the breakfast was fine but the service is what compels me to give it a terrible review.To be honest I did save money by staying there but I would have preferred to pay more and not have these problems. I was alone in London, doing business from 9-5 so I didn't have time to change hotels.I would never stay there again.	
Feb 11 2006 	Delightful New Rooms.A hidden gem in WC1		
Feb 2 2006	Good hotel in Central London		
Feb 1 2006 	Nice New Rooms		
Jan 12 2006	Pleasantly pleased		
Jan 6 2006	Cavendish Unsatisfactory		
Dec 27 2005 	Nice family hotel gone downhill		
Dec 14 2005	redecorated room		
Sep 27 2005	Charging problems		
Sep 26 2005	Pleasant stay		
Nov 23 2009 	Bien		
Nov 23 2009 	posizione buona ma tutto il resto non va assolutamente bene		
Oct 16 2009 	Spitzenlage sehr angenehmes Hotel		
Sep 8 2009 	ci è piaciuto		
Jun 4 2009 	Un buco ma centrale		
Jan 14 2008 	Ojo roban en las habitaciones!!!		
Aug 27 2007 	Trato muy agradable. Recomendable.		
Jan 29 2007 	Buena opción para presupuestos ajustados.		
Aug 24 2006 	Une bonne adresse		
Jun 1 2006	Un buen bed		
Mar 3 2006	hotel cavendish		
Feb 16 2006	Voir avant de...		
