	Standard of room OK given the price but bathroom very poor.	Only a one night stay - bedroom was OK with comfy bed &amp; Breakfast was OK . BUT let down by very poor bathroom - (GF room to rear)Shower - Chrome peeling off shower head &amp; bar. Unable to adjust temperature satisfactorily - borderline between being frozen or scalded. The shower curtain was covered in black mould. No hot water in the evening when we arrived. The drain in the floor centre wasn't tiled right up to leaving a gap which could cause an injury to feet . Paint peeling off coving on the ceiling . Also the basin was very small - the sort that you would normally only find in a WC.	
Nov 20 2009 	Excellent hotel in the budget range	We stayed in a ground floor room which was clean and comfortable and although on the small side provided adequate storage, TV and hot-drink facilities. I'm not a fan of wet room bathrooms and the shower was a bit fiddly but nevertheless the bathroom was well-presented and clean. The full English breakfast was a bonus at this price level and the breakfast room and kitchen area were squeaky clean. The locartion is very close to the Paddington tube and mainline stations. No need for a taxi unless you have lots of luggage.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location Price and Breakfast	We stayed for 5 nights with our 3 kids aged 14,13 &amp; 10 and found it to be a fantastic location close to Paddington station for easy access to central London.The breakfast served was also a great way to start each day and the staff were really lovely.	
Sep 2 2009 	first rate value for money b	Room and ensuite spotless, just ensure when booking that any elderly or infirm travellers check they're not on the top floors as there's no lift. Full English breakfast included in price which was excellent.	
Aug 19 2009 	It was the only mistake we made for our trip	As I said it was the only mistake we made for our Europe trip. We will definitely not going to stay there again. When we got there, we would told that they double booked our room and needed to send us to his Uncle's place next door (later we found out, they have no relationship at all). The room we had was so small that there is no place to put our two small luggages. Two beds were sinked in the middle. Worst of all, they did not tell us that towels are only changed every THREE days. On the second day, they picked up our towels from the bethroom floor and expected us to re-use them. In the middle of the last night when we all slept, the owner called and ask us for the payment. After all, there is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in our life and really don't want to try again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Tidy Place to Stay	Stayed for one night in June, from Paddington Station its an easy 5min walk and therefore easy acess to all major attractions, the lady in reception was pleasant and our room was tidy and suited us well. The breakfast service was slow but for the price we could not complain, I would stay at this place again	
Jul 5 2009 	Good location but very rude staff!!	The location was wonderful for central London but I have never been treated as badly as I was by the breakfast staff during my stay!! There were two woman working in the breakfast area when we went down for breakfast and even with only two tables occupied when we got there we were ignored for more than 15 minutes. Then instead of coming to take our order, one of the women came over and rudely told my friend to move to the other seat as they could get busy and walked away. When it became apparent we were not going to get any service my friend flagged the other woman down and asked to order. The woman proceeded to reprimand us for not waiting as they were cooking our food?? We finally got her to stop and understand we hadn't ordered but she continued her verbal abuse when we asked to have an egg with our continental breakfast and treated us like we were errant children. By the time our food came neither my friend or I had an appetite! I made a complaint to the front desk staff that morning and was reassured it would be looked into but nothing happened. Also when we checked out the lady at the front desk was quite rude as well! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!!	
Mar 6 2009 	Excellent accomodation for a low cost	I chose Europa House Hotel online when in New Zealand for it's close proximity to Paddington Station and low cost. My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights. This hotel exceeded my expectations. We were in room 9 which was large with a double and single bed. Very comfortable and warm with views to the street below. The bathroom was very compact (to be expected), but renovated to a high standard so was much appreciated considering the low cost of the rooms here. I would highly recommend Europa House Hotel to the budget conscious traveler as London is not a cheap place to stay, particularly so close to the city. The owners and staff were very friendly and accommodating and I would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 21 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful	I stayed at Europa House for 6 nights in January and was extremely impressed with the location, it's a lovely quiet street.Getting my suitcase up to the top floor was not fun but the room was fine with a tiny but recently renovated bathroom and a small LCD TV with digital channels.Breakfasts were good, with a choice of continental or english, though they could heat up their baked beans a bit more.I would highly recommend this hotel as it's so close to Paddington and Lancaster Gate tube stations and Hyde Park. I also managed to find a cheap laundromat nearby which is always handy.	
Jan 17 2009 	Location location location	Looking for convenient location, reasonable price and hearty breakfast, this is your destination. We have stayed here multiple times over 13 years and have always found Fran to be most helpful. Rooms are small and bathrooms are small but you can't beat it for the price, breakfast and location. The neighborhood is quite charming and the pubs are filled with locals as well as tourists. Rooms are being refurbished and updated and the tranformation is positive.	
Jan 11 2009 	Cute place to stay	A few friends and I stayed at this hotel for 12 days recently. Because of the length of our stay they gave us an EXCELLENT discount. The breakfast was delicious and FAR better than the typical free breakfast you recieve at most hotels. Most of the staff seemed to have trouble understanding us, despite the fact that we speak english. However, the owners were very wonderful people that understood and helped us completely. The location is great. It is right by Paddignton station which connects pretty much anywhere you could want to go. There are plenty of places to eat right by there also. I would recommend the location to everyone!The rooms are very tiny so, if you're looking for a really nice hotel to spend lots of time inside, then this is not the right place. However, if you're anything like my friends and I, and want a comfortable place to sleep while you enjoy your time in London, I highly recommend this hotel!My only complaint is that our room was on the 3rd floor, so each day we had to hike up 60 steps to our room. This wasn't really an issue except when we were transporting our luggage up and down!...but hey, it was good exercise!Overall, if you're on a budget definitely stay here! It is probably the best value for your money!	
Jan 9 2009 	Disappointed	I stayed for 8 days .. Chose it due to its proximity to the Tube. The room is very small but I guess this is common in Central London hotels. However, the fan was not working which was only tolerable because it was Nov. The reception guy did offer a table fan but the room would be more cramped hence I refused it.The walls of the room are very thin and i could hear the movements in the next room. I dared not open my window as anyone could look into the room from the nearby building. The service levels were bad. the waitresses in the breakfast room never smiled and was at times impolite. (no buffet so the guests had to depend on them).On the last day I had to satisfy myself with only a cup pf tea because the waitresses were too slow in serving (I was served last though I arrived first) . I did not want to miss the flight. The saving grace were the reception guys who were very friendly and helpful. I do not recommend this place for a long stay. OK for a night .	
Jan 6 2009 	Would not recommend	We agree with Mobsta from Bournemouth!!And from Mobsta's photos it looks like we stayed in the same room (first one at the top of the stairs!!) We were en route from Australia to Athens and spent 3 night stop over in London. Room so small you couldn't swing a cat and had to step over our suitcases to get around bed as hanging space was non-existent, radiator never heated up so freezing cold, 1 flat pillow each and no extras. As you will see by Mobsta's photos, the shower/toilet cubicle was terrible and you couldn't call it an ensuite like their web site does. We also took the same photos to show our friends.......... Rooms like this shouldn't be rented out until they're refurbished!!!Staffing: Every time we went to reception to leave/collect our room key or ask a touristy question, staff was on a &quot;personal&quot; call on his mobile phone and never ever interrupted his calls to deal with hotel guests - customer service???Breakfast: The menu says eggs (plural) and bacon but you only received 1 and were ignored when you requested 2.We definitely would not stay here again nor recommend it. Fortunately all other accommodation during our 6 week holiday in Europe and the UK lived up to their web site spiels and photos .	
Oct 26 2008 	Not good Strange substances!!	We have just returned form a 1 night stay the the Europa House Hotel. We stayed in Room # 4 which was quite a small room, with a double bed in it, which is normal for London, but the toilet/shower room was abysmal and there was a strange substance in the hand basin that was not identifiable but did resemble some kind of excrement. Also in the bedroom area there was some splatter marks on the lower wall which looked very similar to dried blood, which wasnt very nice at all. The room was 'simpy' decorated with a duvet blanket and one very flat pillow per side of the bed. The room was also very cold, although there was a radiator in the room it seems as if they are not using it as yet so the room was very cold. The best thing about the room was the flat screen Tv which had FREEVIEW satellite channels and a clear picture.Our room rate of £85per night including breakfast from Laterooms.com was quite high for the quality of the room and as the room was so horrible we didnt have much faith in the breakfast so we didnt bother going down for that.All in all, I wouldnt stay here again, not even for £50 per night! Pictures attached!!	
Sep 26 2008 	A very friendly owner	I stayed at this hotel on my visit from Washington DC. We were family of four. This was a clean hotel with a very welcoming staff.Neighborhood is good and safe, close to metro. There is a bus stop also close by. Either bus or train be got in 10/15 minutes walk. For us with a faily of four cab was a good option as the cab cost around 10uk to central London. Overall from my side *****Rajesh	
Sep 10 2008 	Good Value Accomodation	It was my first time in London and having read a lot of reviews on Trip Advisor about London hotels I wasn't expecting much. But to be honest this place had the best reviews I could find for the amount of money I wanted to spend. And lets face it if you're there to sight see then all you need is a bed, shower and somewhere to keep your bags!So for me this was a budget accomodation that fulfilled that need. Better value than a backpacker's place!I had a single room on the first floor and the room was an ok size, just enough room to swing a cat ... but only just! 8-)(Check out my photos).Room was clean and tidy. Shower was awesome! Plenty of hot water (which is a pleasant surprise compared to some of the places we stayed in Europe).TV had many channels to watch so that was good to be able to relax and watch after a hard day wondering around.However the highlight of the stay was the full English breakfasts every morning! Awesome and a great way to start the day!Staff were friendly and helpful (although there were some minor communication difficulties with some staff members).My only complaint is the wall thickness. It was quite noisy between rooms and I could hear the people in the room next to me clearly. Also unlucky me in room next to a snorer! Street noise could be bad for some who are light sleepers, but for me I got used to it.Great location - close to Kensington gardens makes it easy to get into the city centre (just hop on the underground tube).So overall a great value budget accomodation place to stay if you just need a bed for the night and a starting base for your sight seeing.	
Jul 26 2008 	GENUINELY NICE PLACE TO STAY IN LONDON	What a genuinely nice place to stay. We arrived at Heathrow airport and took the Heathrow Express Train to Paddington Station. We then walked (with our rolling luggage) the short distance (a few blocks) to the hotel. We stayed at the Europa House for 5 days, and would book there again when visiting London. I would have written a review sooner, but after departing the hotel, we enjoyed a cruise to Norway and then spent a week in Paris. When we arrived at the Europa House, we were assigned to a 4th floor room which was a challenge since we are not young anymore and there was no elevator (lift). The Europa House was fully booked and the owner unselfishly and diligently tried to get us into another close B&amp;B with a room not so high up. There were no other rooms available nearby, so it was necessary to accept the 4th floor room. The owner carried our luggage up the stairs for us. How very hospitable. Then, the next day, a very nice room came available in the basement floor (near the breakfast area), and the owner again moved our luggage for us. Both rooms were very clean and comfortable, complete with a bath. The breakfast was very good and complete. We noted that all of the other customers were also enjoying the very ample breakfast. The staff was always very polite and also suggested interesting places to visit nearby. I am still so very appreciative that the owner was so sensitive to making our 5-day visit so very accommodating. Like I said, we would stay there again because of the genuinely appreciated hospitality. The hotel is close to everything that we needed access to such as Hyde Park, subway stations, train stations, and tour buses.	
May 25 2008 	DISHONEST OWNER	Stayed at Europa Ouse Hotel for 3 nights in the beginning of May. I was overall satisfied with the room and the service. But upon arriving home I realized that I had paid TWICE for the hotel bill. On the day I checked in they swiped my credit card, and I assumed that it was for 'guarrantee' and that they will swipe and charge the credit card again on the day I checked out. But on my last day there I decided to 'get rid 'of some remaining cash, so paid half of the bill by cash and the rest with credit card. When I realized what had happened, I sent them an email immediatelty demanding for my money to be returned. It's been 2 weeks now since I initiated contact with them and after several emails, I still haven't heard from them. They chose to ignore my request and keep the money. I'm angry with their dishonesty and appalled that they choose to sacrifice their good name and reputation for a mere GBP124 (that's what they owe me). So for potential customers in Europa House Hotel, be wary of the THIEF who is your host.	
Apr 23 2008 	Really nice stay very helpful staff	Me and my mum stayed here at the end of March for her mothers day pressie. We stepped off the train at paddington and the hotel was only a 3 minute walk away, first impressions of the reception was that it was a little run down but as we were early they let us keep our bags in the storage cupboard and we went off shopping. Came back to properly check in and our room was in the basement we opened the door and to our suprise the room was lovely very clean, the bathroom was small but adequate for what we wanted. the staff are very helpful and the breakfast which was included was a full english and very tasty, even on check out as our train wasnt until the evening they let us keep our bags in the storage cupboard so we could go off shopping. Very pleasant stay and would stay here again as extremely good location for the train/tubes.	
Mar 23 2008 	Satisfied with Europa House	My wife and I and our two teenaged daughters stayed at Europa House for 5 nights in mid-March in one of their quad rooms. Unlike in North America, European hotels don't tend to consider that families of four people often like to share the same room when they travel as booking two separate rooms becomes very expensive. As such I was pleased to find that EH Hotel had rooms for up to 5 people at very reasonable rates considering their central location just a block from Paddington station. Some of the previous Trip Advisor reviews of this place had given us pause, however. Fortunately the room (after some initial booking issues over the internet) turned out to be clean (enough) and very adequate. The bathroom wasn't a highlight as it was very tiny and the toilet seemed to consider the flush lever as more of a suggestion than an order. Still the shower had great pressure and hot water and the bathroom seemed clean. The breakfast was included and did fill you up but wasn't changed at all from day to day so by Day 5 we were tired of it. The front desk staff was helpful and even kept our luggage in a locked room for us on checkout day so we could sightsee for the day without it when we only left town in the evening. I definitely recommend this hotel for budget-minded travellers/families who want a basic clean room in central London.	
Oct 29 2007 	Friendly helpful and inviting	The hotel is in my opinion very good value for money being only minutes from Paddington station. The staff are friendly and helpful doing all they could to make my stay comfortable. I was upgraded to a double room and although some rooms are not huge the ones I stayed in (2 different ones) and those who were travelling with me were clean comfortable and well maintained. The ensuites were well maintained and the dining facility for breakfast was great. The breakfast was not anything fancy but was tasty and filling with many options. I will be returning to this hotel next time I am in the UK as it is cost effective and safe, not to mention close to Oxford St!	
Sep 25 2007 	Pleasant surprise	After reading previous reviews I arrived at our hotel with a certain amount of trepidation, but the price had been great and the location central, so I was willing to take the chance. Our room (all doubles have twin beds) had the scent of fresh laundry and was spotless. The decor on first appearance, seemed to be shabby, but as we became accustomed to our surroundings, appreciated that the paintwork was fresh and the beds clean. Hey, this is London - everything is old. The ensuite bathroom worked well (the best shower in 2 weeks of travelling the uk) but the bathroom of the 2nd room we'd booked only allowed you to sit on the toilet 'side saddle' because of the cramped conditions. Breakfast was included in the price and was a very pleasant surprise. The breakfast room in the basement was freshly renovated and showed a new clean stainless steel kitchen which gave it a bright and cheery feeling. The full breakfast was cooked to order and was served pleasantly and swiftly. The reception staff were very helpful with negotiating mini cab fares to the airport and once you took time to speak to them on a personal level, would go out of their way to help. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're looking for a great location and good budget accommodation.	
Feb 5 2007	Friendly staff	I stayed at the Europa House hotel 10 nights since 10 till 20 of January 2007. I am pleased. The location of the hotel is great: 3 minutes from the Paddington station and not far from Oxford street. My room was comfortable, cosy and clean. The breakfast was good. The stuff is polite, they speak a few languages. Sonia and Ilona speak also Russian, they are very friendly. I would recommend this hotel to travelers who is looking for a reasonable, but acceptable variant.Lidia from Moscow	
Jan 8 2006	Comfortable stay at Europa House	We spent four nights at Europa House and can say that our stay was quite comfortable but I am unsure if we would stay there again. We would like to try one of the other numerous B&amp;B's along Sussex Gardens. The staff at Europa House was very friendly and always helpful letting us know that running the water for 10 minutes would produce hot water, fixing our tv so we got 5 channels rather than the half a channel that was coming in, and always during breakfast. The food was tasty although tiring after three days but the staff is willing to change up the traditional English Breakfast to cereal, scrambled, or continental breakfast. Do not plan on long showers while staying at the Europa House since you will be contending with a very small shower. Overall, a pleasurable visit that met our basic needs for our short stay.	
Nov 7 2005	Quite nice	i can say that my stay at the europa house hotel was quite enjoyable, apart from its fantastic situation, the staff are always willing to help and polite at all times. the rooms are highly decorated, and the size is normal for a hotel in the centre of london. breakfast is quite rushed but the staff are always willing to give second servings and offer a reasonable selection of english breakfast, coffe,cereals, juice and toast. i was very impressed by the fact that the owners speak both english and spanish perfectly and understand other languages. Overall, i will definately return to the europa in the future, as it offers quite good value for money.	
Oct 28 2005 	great never been better	i travel a lot bcause of my job and the europa house hotel was probably one of the best i have ever satayed at.i recomend it to everyone who wants cheap and great.the receptionists speak pakistani,english,spanish,french,portugese and italian the owners are spanish they are a great family they will tell u all the great places the best reataurants and also will call a guide for you.the rooms are on suite, clean, wadrobes and with tv very confortomble bed. BEST EVER	
May 15 2005	Terrible...absolutely terrible!	Apart from the filthy, exposed, dirty mattress (from the local dumpster perhaps??), the strange smells, uncooked bacon at breakfast, warm friendly service (not!) it may have been ok. Take this as a warning...DO NOT STAY AT EUROPA HOUSE!	
Jan 12 2005	Okay but you might do better...	We stayed at the Europa House Hotel in Sussex Gardens (wonderful location about a block from Paddington train/underground station and Heathrow Express) for 5 nights in November 2004 and paid 60 pounds ($111) a night for a double room--good mattress, reading lights over the bed, in-room coffee/tea--with a small bathroom. The shower was tiny, about 24 inches wide, and the unavoidable wet shower curtain that billowed in on the bather made it very much like showering inside a wet T-shirt. The bathroom vent did not work. That aside, the room was clean and quiet, although the decor was decidedly tired and dreary. It could be chilly at times because the central heat was turned on at 5:30 p.m. and turned off in the morning. Our room was on the ground floor, in the back, as I had requested when I reserved online. Management was responsive to questions and requests and let us check in as soon as we arrived, about 10:30 a.m., which was much appreciated after a long flight. TV reception was awful--no satellite or visible antenna--so no CNN and only three viewable channels of mainly trash TV (little news). The breakfast was basic but adequate: fried eggs, frozen juice, frozen hash browns, canned baked beans, tea/coffee, and toast. Boring long before the fifth morning, but enough food to keep us going for hours. Main complaint: breakfast was rushed, only served from 8-9 a.m., unlike other B&amp;B's I've stayed in that generally have a wider window of serving times or slightly longer hours on Sundays. There were many similar hotels lining the street, and I think I might have done better pricewise if I had shopped around. Europa House was full on just one of the weekend nights; otherwise, there were always vacancies there and in the other hotels along Sussex Gardens, at least in the off-season. While the hotel is nothing special, it's reliable, functional, and convenient. I'd stay there again.	
Nov 22 2009 	Estupendo buena relación precio calidad		
Jul 31 2009 	buena relacion calidad-precio		
Aug 26 2008 	Molto carino!		
Feb 6 2008 	Seguiré probando hoteles en Londres		
Nov 10 2007 	buena relacion calidad -precio		
May 17 2007	al final te acostumbras		
