Nov 25 2009 	Good hotel for a few days spend in London	It is a nice hotel for an acceptable price... Clean, the room was big enough. As a minus, the toilet and the shower which are on the corridor...but everything is really clean. Overall it is a good value for money.	
Nov 14 2009 	Room with a view	The Ruskin is located in the vicinity of Russell Square, Bloomsbury, a stone throw from the British Museum, in a safe, clean and quiet neighborhood. Within walking distance of three underground stations which make use of the tube quite practical.There are also bus lines that run near by. It is centrally located which makes sightseeing a breeze. I walked to most places and used the tube on occassions. The reception staff is excellent: friendly, helpfull and informative. The staff is knowledgeable about the sights and the surrounding neighboorhoods. If you have a specific situation ask and they shall find out for you. The hotel has a contract with a local taxi company which provides service for the guest at reduced rates. I used that service twice during my stay and I recommend it . I had an early departure from Heathrow and had no clue as to which terminal I needed to check in. The reception inquired as to which terminal I was to depart from at Heathrow and arranged for a cab to pick me up at 5:00AM. The complementary English breakafast is excellent and the breakafast staff is very nice, friendly and polite.I had a single room (G24) with a lovely view of an English garden. The room was quiet and very clean.Confortable single bed and clean linen which was changed regularly ( I stayed 5 nights).Room has a sink inside with clean towels included. There is a space heater in the room and an electric tea pot. I had a shared bathroom which was located near by and kept clean at all times. There is a WIFI connection available if you have your own portable PC.I strongly recommend the Ruskin for someone looking for an affordable, friendly hotel in the heart of central London that satisfies the basic necessities. If you want luxury and frivolous frills the Ruskin is not your kind of place. I would definitely return to the Ruskin.	
Nov 2 2009 	Small room	We have a triple room there, the room is very small, especially the toliet. Everything is so simple, no tv. The bed is ok and average clean. The location is good. It is near the Bristish Museum. It has many buses and 5 minutes walk to the underground.The staff is nice and the breakfast is fine!You can have internet access in the lobby.	
Oct 13 2009 	Good value location and staff.	Our room, although small, was more than adequate. Clean and quiet. Shared toilets/showers was never a problem. Plenty of hot water and never a wait - even with a full hotel. The full English breakfast every morning was a real treat and served by pleasant staff. The desk staff was very helpful and extremely accommodating. We checked in very late after 2am and were allowed to leave our luggage for an entire day after checking out. Convenient location. I will definitely return to this hotel. Perfect for the traveler who is looking for a nice, clean, quiet, reasonable place to lay down after a full/day evening exploring London.	
Jul 9 2009 	Good for what it is value near the BritMus	We stayed there 12 nights in May and found the hotel to be generally clean, well-run, and most of the staff was nice and accommodating. We had a basement room which was enormous. The trade off was street noise, but that isn't bad on Montague st. the room was no frills but did have a sink. The shared bathroom was always available, but it didn't drain well so that the floor was often wet after showers. Breakfast was fine English fare although the service was inconsistent. For us its location was ideal, but it is a little hike from the nearest tube station or most bus routes.	
May 27 2009 	Great value  convient location	Stayed here as I booked late and it was the only hotle with rooms free for 5 nights , glad I did ! Nice clean rooms ,comfortable and tidy . The added bonus of breakfast in the price was good , and this was well cooked and served with a full English breakfast available plus juices cereals coffee or tea . The staff were lovely anf friendly . The location was excellent with the BritishMuseum litterally opposite and Oxford street less than 10 mins walk away , plus you are4 close to 2 tube stations . I would def return .The bathrooms are sgared but lovely and clean so taking night attire is a good idea . There is a lift which makes getting to the rooms easy and the value is excellent ( I paid 353 a night for a single ) . A great find .	
Feb 15 2009 	central hotel	Good clean hotel, very central. Room was small but clean and tidy. Staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good. 10 mins walk from Covent Garden.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great value for money	The Ruskin is in a great location in Bloomsbury across the road from the British Museum. It's about 10 mins on foot from Euston and a short walk from both Russell Square and Holborn tube stations. Although the decor could really do with updating (very 70s in the room, shower &amp; WCs &amp; hotel breakfast room!) it was very clean and all the staff were very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was included in the room rate and there was a good selection of fruit juices, cereals and cooked English breakfast available. The coffee was excellent.The only downside was that the single room I'd booked didn't have an ensuite bathroom, but I knew that at the time of booking.Excellent value for money.	
Jul 20 2008 	Love the Ruskin!	The Ruskin Hotel just might be the best deal in London, or at least in Bloomsbury. We've stayed there 3 times and have never been disappointed. True, the decor may be dated and the rooms rather small, but consider these positives: (1) the staff is very helpful and courteous, from the gentlemen at the front desk to the waitresses serving a very fine English breakfast; (2) the rooms facing relatively quiet Montague Street are sunny, bright, and scrupulously clean; (3) the location, facing the British Museum on an elegant-looking street, gives you access to three tube stations and lovely Russell Square is one block north. All in all, once we Americans set aside our expectations about private bathrooms (although these are available, too) and gigantic rooms and beds (and cable TV), it's a great place to stay while sightseeing in London. The Ruskin will leave you feeling you've been treated like a human being, for much less cost than swanker hotels.	
Jul 7 2008 	A Fine Experience - Good Value and Well RUn	My son and I stayed in a twin room for 5 nights (room 309) at the Ruskin. We were very busy seeing the sights and the hotel was an excellent jumping off point. Three Tube stops were nearby, and the entrance to the British Museum was literally around the corner. The hotel was well run, breakfast was excellent and quickly provided, and the staff was polite and visible, yet discrete. We came and went at our leisure, and the room was done well by the time we got back in the afternoon. Our twin room had only a sink, so we shared the bathrooms on the 3rd floor. Those were clean and available. We had absolutley no issue in that regard.My only complaint is the seemingly thin walls. The people next to us for one night were fairly loud, and the sound came right thorugh the wall like they were in our room. In summary, I would recommend this relatively modest but clean and orderly hotel. The price was right, and it was very clean and orderly in all key respects - perfect for our purposes.	
Jan 15 2008 	Second visit second opinion	This was my 2nd stay at the Ruskin. Attempted to book the same room, room 105, from the previous visit in October but was given a different room. For room 307, we paid £105 per night. Room had one double and one single bed. Ensuite bathroom was quite small. Although the room was clean and comfortable, the furniture is shabby.There were issues with hot water and water pressure. Not much hot water. Didn't bother to use cold water at times. Water pressure was quite low. Extra pillows and blankets were not available in the room.As with my previous visit, the staff was friendly and helpful. No issues with breakfast.Taxi cabs frequently drive by. So, there wasn't a need to call in advance for a taxi.At £105 per night, I wouldn't want to stay in room 307 since better quality rooms are available.	
Oct 8 2007 	Good location but overpriced and very shabby	This hotel was unbelievably overpriced. We were looking for something cheaper but thought we would at least be staying in a decent hotel having paid that much when booking. It wasn't clear when booking that we would have to share a bathroom. There was one shower for the whole floor which was tiny and unclean. The room was old and lacking in facilities. The beds were very uncomfortable and the linen was very old. Breakfast was ok, but the staff were incompetent. On our last day they were too lazy to clean our table and never bothered taking our order. We had to leave having had no breakfast, as we ran out of time. They saw us get up and leave and didn't even apologise for the appaluing lack of service. This isn't a hotel, it is a glorified hostel.	
Sep 11 2007 	No value for money	This hotel is not a nice place to stay. The rooms are smelly and old, the bathroom was very tight, especialliy the shower. Rooms have no luxury at all: no TV, no proper closet. The bed is very hard. Overall the rooms look cheap. Only, all that would not be a problem if is the price was right. Only, they dare charge 88 pounds per night! So stay away. Two streets further is the Bedford hotel, a much better choice.	
Mar 10 2007 	Lovely hotel	The room was basic, but very clean and tidy. The staff very friendly. Breakfast was lovely and plenty of it. Its in a great location if visiting the theatres or shops. Would definately recommend and would stay there again if in the area.	
Dec 20 2006 	Cozy and clean	Reminded me of my college dorm! Bit worn around the plasterwork but spotlessly clean; spacious, lovely TV room; friendly staff. Delicious, filling breakfast, too. Just a note for other Americans who've never had to venture down the hall to the shower: bring your bathrobe, your slippers, and a couple of washcloths! Wonderful location and great value for the money; would definitely stay at the Ruskin again.	
Nov 4 2006 	Clean comfortable economical good breakfast	I recently stayed at this hotel with my 18 year old daughter. I researched hotels in this area before I went and this hotel was described as very clean, staff friendly, gave a great breakfast, economical and was within walking distance to the West End. We found all this to be very accurate. We booked a double room and this was quite a reasonable size. We\had a comfortable bed and the sheets were crisp and clean. We also had tea/coffee making facilities. There is no tv or radio but we didn't go to watch telly. The toilet was just outside our room, and the shower room just next to that. If a bath is preferred there is a separate bathroom down the corridor. The corridor is not very long. The decor is a little dated but this is reflected in the price. I am sure if the hotel was modernised we would be paying much more for our stays. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would most certainly stay there again. If you are looking for luxury then don't book this hotel. If you are looking for economy, cleanliness and good food then do.	
Jul 23 2006 	You get what you pay for	Ruskin hotel is in a good location, easy walk from Russell Square tube, through a pleasant park with a water fountain. I'm not a lift lover, but given the dated appearance of the Ruskin i didn't trust the lift one bit... so I stair walked quite a bit (we were located on the 3rd floor) Once you get past the second floor the stairs become narrower, almost like a spiral staircase, wallpaper peeling off the walls and general shabby appearance.The room was dated. Pink walls, blue patterned carpet and a dresser out of the 60's. No television either! But it did have a sink (brown tiles), and tea and coffee making facilities, plus the all important hair dryer. The bed was a double and was very hard. We had a bad nights sleep, which could have been mainly due to the hot weather (July heatwave). We had the window wide open but it was very very hot! We were desperate for some air conditioning! I woke up with traffic noise at 5am.The room was not en-suite (although these are available) This didnt bother us, in the corridor was a shower, toilet and a bathroom containing a bath and toilet. These areas were kept very clean and it seemed very quiet, we were probably the only ones using them!Breakfast was the best experience here at Ruskins, the staff are amazing. Our price of £62 inc full english breakfast was reasonable. Nothing was too much trouble, more coffee, more juice etc. Breakfast is located in the basement. All in all, I personally would not stop at the Ruskins again. The only reason is the bed being uncomfortable, I can cope with the Decor, but not with an aching back! Its good for a cheap 1 nighter, but no longer.	
Apr 11 2005 	Very friendly at the Ruskin	I stayed two nights at the Ruskin. The hotel stuff was very friendly. And the breakfast was very tasty and British. The location is perfect, in a beautiful quiet neighborhood and just behind the British Museum and a close walk to the underground. The rooms are very basic, but clean. The showers and toilets in the hallway are also clean. Each room contains a hairdryer and complimentary tea and coffee. This is a good solution for a budget and basic hotel in London. There is a fun TV room on the ground floor.	
Sep 28 2004	Good Budget Option in Bloomsbury	My wife and I have just returned from a week in London where we stayed at the Ruskin Hotel. As there are a wide range of opinions of the Ruskin on this website, I thought I would add my own comments. The hotel had been recommended by a friend of a friend as a clean, budget B&amp;B near the British Museum. We booked a double room with shower for ?84/night which was considerably less than the other places we were considering. There are also less expensive rooms available, some without private bath. The price included a full English breakfast every morning. Our room looked out over a small garden in the rear of the building and was very quiet. Rooms facing the street might be more noisy, but it was not a heavy traffic area. The room was immaculately clean, although dated, and included only a telephone, coffee maker, and hair dryer. There was no radio, TV, or toiletries in the bathroom. There was, however, a TV in the lounge on the ground floor. We thought the bed was comfortable, about the size of an American double bed. The bathroom was small but adequate. There was always hot water. Our only minor complaints about the room was the fluorescent lighting and that there was no shelf in the shower for soap and shampoo. The hotel is located in a prime location within a 5-10 minute walk of three Underground stations and numerous bus routes. The British Museum is around the corner and there many pubs, restaurants, etc. in the area. The hotel is a 20 minute walk from most of the West End theatres. The hotel had an international range of guests (Americans, Canadians, Japanese, and Spaniards) as well as a number of English. The staff was very friendly and tried to be accommodating – for example as our room was ready, we were able to get into our room several hours before the official 1pm check-in time. There were a few things I would change – I thought the two nights non-refundable deposit at time of booking to be a bit restrictive, it would have been nice if there was a alarm clock/radio in the room, and it would have been nice if the breakfast room stayed open a little later (it closes at 9:15 am) for the tourists staying at the hotel.  In short, The Ruskin is not the place to stay if you are looking for a hotel with TV, room service, afternoon tea, concierge, etc. However, if you are simply looking for a clean, budget accommodation in central London I would strongly recommend the Ruskin.	
Sep 7 2004	Absolutely hated The Ruskin Hotel!	Beware fellow travelers: The Ruskin Hotel, located across the street from the British Museum, is a terrible place to stay! I recenly had the misfortune of staying there (for my honeymoon) and it was awful. The Ruskin is dirty and reeks of cigarette smoke. Save money and stay at another hotel, one that provides all the amenities that Americans are used to...like confortable beds, soap in the bathroom and television! There was no cancellation policy listed, so when we told the manager that we were leaving, we were forced to pay for the remainder of our reservation. I would hate for anyone to have the same experience I did.	
Jun 22 2004	Good choice! Good location.	I stayed at the Ruskin Hotel over Valentine's Day weekend. My husband and I booked a double ensuite. Our room overlooked the shared garden so it was very quiet. The bathroom was small but clean. It was a typical English breakfast and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. You can't beat the location - right next to the British Museum and in between 2 major tube stops. I left on Monday and my husband stayed 2 more nights for a conference. He switched to a single with no bathroom. He said that the room was a little noisy because it faced the street, but okay. He never had to wait for the bathroom at all and they were nice facilities. Overall, I would choose to stay here another time.	
Feb 10 2004	A really geat London option	Our first choice in inexpensive London hotels. Alway spotlessly clean, big windows in back rooms that open to lovely breezes and a garden-- great breakfast-- staff who worry if you don't eat lots , kind owners, and a LIFT. What else can you want-- with prices like these I can do London way more often. Nor posh, but well above just adequate. And you can walk EVERYWHERE from here.	
Nov 26 2003	perfectly british local experience	The Ruskin was such a fine choice, I hesitated to let out the secret in TripAdvisor. However, the family run estrablishment deserves the credit. We had desired to stay at the St Margaret, which was filled, and they referred us to the nearby Ruskin. A few faxes to Sid, the heir apparent innkeeper, and we had a twin and a single sorted within a day. Check in is not until 1PM, although they will hold your bags while you wander the city after a trans atlantic flight.Located directly across from a side entrance to the British Museum, it is a 5 minute walk to the bustling Tottenham Ct Road tube and shopping area. You can walk to the more popular areas of London easily.The facilities are impeccable, every inch of the B&amp;B spotless and bug free. The rooms were typically British, just large enough to walk around the beds, and without TV or radio, but the twin did contain a phone and lovely tea/coffee machine. The lack of American style in- room distraction is welcome after a hard day sightseeing and pub crawling.The twin room was en-suite, with a small bathroom area forcing a person to move sideways. The small bathroom did have plenty of hot water, nice tile, and was cleaned daily by the staff. There is a large common area with an unusual painting dominating the room. The beds were comfortable, and prepared daily by the staff.The Ruskin serves english breakfast in a basement dining area complete with wait staff. No one travels to England for the food, but you can obtain a few eggs and toast to start your day.The Ruskin does not cater to North Americans. On this visit, the fellow travelers were either British or, unfortunately, French. The smaller size of the place is a benefit, as it is quiet at night. The prices are reasonable, yet high enough to deter backpackers and the late night wandering crowd.This is a travellers hotel, not for tourists needing hand holding and concierge services, or businessmen needing fax and internet connections.	
Sep 21 2003	The Ruskin	The Ruskin was, in my opinion, an authentic London experience. It was NOT what a typical American motel-stayer might expect--no radio, t.v., a shower/bathroom so small you can barely turn around, BUT it was so cool, so OLD and located in the best part of London; great area for those who can/will walk to many tourist sites, access to the &quot;tube&quot;, elevated trains, etc.. Very nice staff at the hotel, very quaint experience, like a trip back in time!	
Aug 30 2009 	Encanto londinense de los 70		
Aug 25 2009 	Buena relación Calidad-precio-atención		
Aug 17 2009 	Muy contento en este hotel		
Apr 14 2009 	Muy contento con este hotel		
Mar 23 2008	disgustoso..unpolite		
Sep 21 2006 	accueillant propre bon rapport qualité/prix		
