Nov 23 2009 	Noise all night from clubs next door	There are clubs right next door to this hotel that go on until daylight. We were 8 floors up and the noise did not relent. Shouting, screeching car tyres, horns blasting, it was unbeievable. We complained and after an extensive arguement a refund was given. They even tried telling us to complain to the local council instead of them !! Accept your room with care.	
Jun 26 2009	Busy	This basic and, for London, cheap hotel is ideally located for the West End. It has a NCP Garage next door where you can leave your car - at a price! Most of the personnel with whom we came in contact were charming and helpful. The rooms are basic but clean and reasonably well equipped. The dining room was extremely busy while we were there and we declined to wait for admission on our second morning.	
Jun 3 2009 	clean inexpensive well positioned	It doesn't have any of the luxuries associated with most hotels (little soaps, bubble bath etc) BUT, Travelodge is clean, secure, convenient and consistent. I've stayed here twice as my work takes me to this area of London. Close enough to cultural centres like the British Museum and Covent Garden; moments from some of the best restaurants in London; close to the theatre district and at the beginning of Oxford Street - what more could you ask for with the price they charge? There's a public pool across the road, a gym close by and parks in all directions! Internet is stable and cheap. Until I can afford the 500GBP rooms in London, I'll keep staying here!	
Mar 10 2009 	ok is about all i can say	I stayed one night at this hotel about a week ago. I work for a government department and thus they only allow a limited budget for hotels so thsi was my only option in central london. I paid £65 for one night but i know if i'd booked it earlier i could have got a room for £49 so value is excellent.There are two Travelodge Hotels within 50 meters of each other on Dury Lane in Covent Garden. I stayed in the one at the end of Dury Lane called the High Holborn Travel Lodge. I arrievd at 12noon and just wanted to drop my bags off but i was told there was no facility for left luggage and i would have to either keep them with me or pay £10 for an early check in. I had a big bag so i had little choice but to pay £10 and check in.The lifts were tatty and well worn, the room was big and on the 11th floor and had a good view over the city. There was a huge space that looked like it should have been where a sofa would go but there was no sofa. The bathroom was basic and there were no towels in the room at all so i grabbed some fresh ones off one of the celaning carts down the corridoor. However these were still stained with brown and blue stains. The shower was excellent and very powerful.The bed was comfy and the room was quiet. TV was of a good quality for a budget hotel.I think in future i'd pay an extra £20 or so and get a nicer hotel even just for a night. It did have a slight seedy feel about it.	
Jun 24 2008 	Not Bad for the money	I have just returned from a two night stay in the Covent Garden building in this twin location hotel. I will agree that it is a great location, but the hotel is a bit dull and is older in comparison to the high Holborn hotel. One thing that really did annoy me about this hotel is the do not answer the phone even if you go through central reservations to speak to the hotel direct they still don't answer I let the phone ring for 1/2 hour with no success. When we checked in we mentioned this and the receptionist just said they were busy! we observed the receptionsit walking away from a ringing phone after cheking us in. Our room was basic but clean all that you would expect of a travel lodge, its a bit noisy but when next door moved in we thought they were in the room with us. Being a former office block obviously sound proofing is not a premium. I think £105 is a bit extortionate for the hotel especially when Holiday Inn express are charging the same rate with better servcie, But it's all about location, location , location and for that you can't beat it. If I were to book again I would request a room in the High Holborn hotel&gt;	
Mar 15 2008 	Great location	If you want a central location at reasonable price then this hotel must be in the running.The location of this hotel is a huge plus in its favour, its very central and walking distance to lots of theatres and major attractions.We stayed Mon to Fri at £105 per night plus £7.50 p/p for buffet breakfast, this is top price but I did leave it a bit late to expect a cheap deal.As already reviewed the room (1363 ) is basic but for this location and price I doubt you will get any better.The staff were all polite and efficient so no complaints on that front either.Buffet b/fast was the usual cereals/juice, and bacon/sausage/ beans/mushrooms/scrambled egg/toast, not cheap at £7.50 p/p but it wasnt a rip off either.I would use this hotel again but would be looking to book in advance to get a cheaper deal next time.I would say the High Holborn is better situated than the Covent Garden.	
Jul 29 2007 	very clean nad comfortable	stayed at this travel lodge for 4 nights mid week. was very pleasantly surprised when we saw the room. It was very spacious indeed and our only complaint was that the television was too far away from the bed! The room was spotless and the bathroom the same. There was lots of storage space and as we were off the main corridor, there was no hotel noise, but we could, of course, hear the traffic outside,and a disco going on while early hours was a bit of a nuisance on one of the nights. the corridors etc were also very clean, the reception desk very helpful and towels changed daily. would certainly recommend this travel lodge and we will definitely go bacj k.	
Feb 10 2007	Spartan	This is a fine budget hotel. We stayed in the High Holborn annex on the 11th floor. Try to get rooms on the west side - they have good views over London but the east side rooms have a blocked view. It is superbly located for Covent Garden, Oxford Street, the British Museum, etc. Apart from a hum of traffic noise below our room was very quiet - no sound from other rooms at all.BUT because you are paying for &quot;no frills&quot; - that is exactly what you get. We had a very large room (it was an office block in a previous life and this must have been one of the larger offices) but it had absolutely no furniture in it except a bed and bedside tables, a basic desk, an uncomfortable desk chair and a wardrobe (also TV and TV and coffee making facilities). We were there for a week and not having a couple of easy chairs was a serious disadvantage - we had to sit on the bed to read, watch TV, etc. There are no toiletries in the bathroom except a small bar of hospital-smelling soap (but there is a supermarket close by so that is not a problem).And beware - do NOT use the pay as you go internet service in the bar area. You put £2 in (the minimum) and then find that pays for 10 MINUTES! A rip-off.	
Jan 31 2007 	A return visit and as good as ever.	Just back form a three-night return stay at Travelodge High Holborn. The stay averaged about £50 per night. Saturday nights are usually at full price of £89 but Fridays/Sundays are often discounted so the combination is generally very reasonable. This is the FIRST hotel (listed as Travelodge Covent Garden on their website) that I check for availability when visiting London. If you want expensive artwork on the walls, antique furniture, and goldplated taps, go elsewhere. On the other hand, if you want an unbeatable location, efficient friendly staff and huge, comfortable, no-frills, clean rooms, then this is THE hotel to stay at in central london. The hotel is a credit to its manager. As I stated in an earlier review, its sister-hotel across the street in Covent Garden is older and is not nearly as fresh or inviting so when checking in, go to the Holborn check-in and request a room in the Holborn building. You will not be disappointed. Once again, &quot;well done&quot; to all at Travelodge High Holborn.	
Oct 31 2006 	So-so	This is a standard Travelodge with the associated pluses and minuses. The room and hotel generally was in decent condition and the location is excellent.There were two disappointments/surprises for us. Firstly the housekeeping wasn't very reliable or good, though the staff were very friendly and tried to be helpful. Secondly (something we have never come across before), when we checked out (by 12.00) there was nowhere we could leave our case and so we were forced to lug it around with us until it was time to go to the airport. This issue would probably prevent us returning in similar travelling circumstancesWe booked late and paid the full rate which is extortionate for a Travelodge generally but probably represents acceptable value in central LondonThe Hotel is wheelchair accessible	
Aug 1 2006 	Great location if you can get a deal!	I booked 2 nights via their own website at a cost of £26 per room per night which in my opinion was a complete bargain! Had I paid the normal rate of £89 I would have been sorely disappointed as this is, after all, just a Travelodge.When we arived, we actually didn't see it and ended up at the Travelodge Covent Garden, and yep, we saw all the drunks, rubbish etc... that others who have reviewed that hotel, just outside on the steps. We were then told we had booked the other and realised just how stupid we had been as its opposite Drury Lane on the other side of the road, we had even walked past it!At this point we thanked our lucky stars at having booked High Holborn as opposed to the Covent Garden one as the frontage was modern, comtemporary and looked like a lovely hotel - as opposed to the drunks hanging around outside on steps (like the Covent Garden one!).We didn't have to wait very long to check in as it was virtually immediate as we had pre-paid several months previously. The reception area was air conditioned with a modern bar and cafe. In fact we later learnt that this hotel had only opened just 3 weeks earlier! Hence the &quot;newness&quot;.Despite being just a couple, we had booked a family room as it sounded more spacious and indeed it was - both the room and bathroom were of generous size (we were in room 462). We were a little surprised about the lack of air conditioning as the window only allowed us to open it a couple of inches - it was blooming hot by day and night so I wouldn't recommend this hotel in 30 degree heat at all! The noise was also constant - you had to have the window open at night due to the heat but it was situated on the main High Holborn road - so was very noisey - take ear plugs if you are wanting a decent nights sleep!The room did come complete with a small desk fan which is better than nothing and the other good thing was that it came with 4 full sized bath towels - normally you only get two per double room but as this was a family room (complete with sofa bed) we got 4 - good for hair washing!The only other negative point was the vending machine - it completely ran out of all drinks and wasn't stocked again during our 2 night stay - but theres a good little newsagents across the room in Drury Lane for refreshments - however, obviously not 24 hour!Whilst I would definitely stay here again, especially if I could get it for £26 a night - the location is absolutely superb (just 2 mins from all the theatres) - the rooms are spotless as its so new, I wouldn't stay here again in the heat of summer. I would have paid an extra £50 a night for air conditioning - and indeed for the £75 a night we paid at our next hotel (Apex City of London) - we got air con, luxury bathroom products, hot choc, complementary water and breakfast - there is no way on this planet I would have paid the full £89 to stay at the Travelodge!But if you're on a budget, not in summer, and can pick up a special deal, stay in this Travelodge rather than the Covent Garden one which is just across the road - believe me, you will be thankful that you did!	
