May 17 2009 	Seriously - DO NOT stay here	I stayed at this hotel with my husband, my sister and brother-in-law. We wanted somewhere convenient to stay for Twickenham and just needed somewhere to put our 'head down for the night'. The fact that we were all relieved to have brought hooded tops with us so we could protect our said heads when we put them down for the night should tell you how bad this hotel was. Our expectations weren't that high - it's cheap, it's in London but we expected somewhere clean and reasonably maintained - this hotel didn't tick either of those boxes. Simply put this hotel is disgusting - funky smell, funky stains everywhere, beds that must be over 20 years old and look dirty. The 'ensuite' is tiny - in mine and my husbands room if you ran the tap in the sink 'water' would come bubbling up from the shower and fill the room with the most rancid smell. In my sister's room the hot water tap had come off and the shower dripped all night. Needless to say we stayed out as long as we could and left at the earliest opportunity in the morning without sampling the breakfast (if the rooms were that disgusting we couldn't bring ourselves to eat anything that had come out of the kitchen). I wouldn't stay at this hotel at any cost - even if the rooms were free. Lesson learnt - always check reviews of a hotel before booking....I really wish we had.	
May 14 2009 	This hotel is a vermin infested health hazard and should be closed down!	Where to start on this &quot;Hotel&quot;.First impressions were not great as my En-suite room turned out to be about 4ft X 12ft with a 2'6&quot; bed. The room was filthy to say the least, with an accumulation of dust and dirt in the corners and a worn out and stained carpet. The window sill was black with dirt and water marks and the only working light in the room was a bare bulb (the bedside wall light didn't work) The shower room was so small that one could sit on the toilet, wash your hair in the sink and wash your feet in the shower all at the same time! You would need to be a contortionest to use it and god help anyone who has impaired movement. The shower was either a freezing drizzle or a boiling torrent, the fixed head only showered the oposite wall and the mixer came out of two large, ungrouted, holes in the tiles. The water in the wash basin was a mere drizzle and never got hotter than about 20 degrees C. The bathroom extractor fan barely worked from being clogged by filth.The sheets, at first sight, appeared to be clean, if not the rest of the linen. However, looks can be deceptive and I left with several septic bites on my person and developed a rather nasty rash on my face. Wheather this is from the obvious infestation or from their detergent I don't know. I suspect the former!The only way to sleep was with the aid of ear plugs due to the snoring from the room next door. I cannot comment on the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast, which, as far as I can gather, consists of toast and orange juice. I concluded that, given the standard of cleaning in the public areas, the same care and attention to cleaning was not likely to be lavished on the private kitchen. Yes, this is budget accomodation. BUT there is budget and budget! The room I was in was £35 per night. Not a great deal of money, but considering I could have had a large, clean and comfortable en-suite room at somewhere like travel lodge or premier inn for about £56, it's put in persective. Which is why I suspect that they insist on full payment for the duration of your stay BEFORE they show you your &quot;room&quot;. This self-styled hotel is at best a rip off and at worst a public health hazard and could not, in any way, shape or form be recomended to anyone. Not even your worst enemy!!!	
Mar 20 2009 	Be realistic about what you get for your money	If you don't want to spend much money and want an ensuite room in a nice location, and aren't going to spend much time in your room, then I would recommend this. If you want something better and can afford to spend more, then I would recommend that you look into other options.Single room: extremely small,but adequate. Bed was clean and no evidence of any bed bugs. Ensuite - clean and the shower was good.Breakfast: Basic, but ok.Location: Good - close to restaurants etc. Short walk from Turnham Green tube station; it felt safe walking back along from there even later at night. It took about 25 mins by tube from the centre of London.	
Feb 27 2009 	You got what you paid for	I came with 2 other family members and checked in at this hotel. We got a small and old room. It obviously needs repair. The walls are cracked and the bathroom tiles also. The window sill is filthy, The refrigerator is rusty and should be thrown away. But we got lucky and had clean sheets and bathroom and haven`t seen the famous bugs.Continental breakfast is okay but some of the chairs are dilapidated but still being used. We are on a tight budget so I just closed my eyes to what I`m seeing but I did not expect that noises are included in the price. The sound of passing cars, peals of laughters from some guests on the next floor, and not to mention that somebody wanted to save money and decided to do the laundry, spinning on the wahing machine. These is happening at past 12 midnight. The antidote is the friendliness of the staff but that alone can`t keep the guest on coming back , not unless the hotel owner is aiming for one time clients only.You just got what you paid for. I would not recommend it though.	
Feb 19 2009 	do not waste your money	stayed there with my teenage son and found the hotel was nothing but a doss house could not use the shower either boiling or freezing water nothing in between, shower &amp;toilet made for very small persons, room not very clean and best of all continental breakfast consisted of dry toast. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy.	
Sep 25 2008	I Would Never Recommend This Hotel	Hi I have stayed at Chiswick Court Hotel on numerous occassions because it is soo conveniently positioned near my family. I have had one or two bites before, but on this occassion I came home with a bite on each foot, three bites on my left leg, one bite on my right leg, four bites on my right arm and 2 bites on my left arm! I could not beleive the blood on my sheet and my pj's I even took a pic of it. still on my camera.Obviously from the bugs biting me!I had to have Monday off work because of the constant itching and my foot was so swollen!I have always found the sheets and towels very clean and staff very helpful and friendly.Alas the hotel is a utter disgrace! As I come from England myself I feel ashamed and sorry for the overseas visitors.Showers are fixed, cannot shower properly they are also always bunged up so that the water overflows onto the floor. Extractor fans never work in shower room. Curtains only just fit windows and are never pulled right making the room look sightly instantly, Never any lamp shades on main lights on the wall lights if there is a shade then it is dirty and scorched!Fridges are dirty in room. They use the furniture in the rooms to store their spare linen.Breakfast is a joke! the orange juice is a watered down contcentrate, tea, coffee and toast with butter and jams.I thought I was in Fawlty Towers this time as when the waiter brought me my toast he actually lifted it out of the holder and asked me if it was OK or was it too well done because he would have changed it for me, then when I asked him to repeat what he said he again lifted up another one of my slices of toast. I wanted to laugh so much, needless to say I ate my toast barring those two slices!I know the hotel did buy new beds last year and carpets but they just do not know how to run a good clean hotel!I will not be staying here ever again and would never ever recommend it to anyone!	
Aug 27 2008 	Do Not Stay Here!!!	I've joined TripAdvisor for the sole reason that I needed to write to warn people against this hotel!Now, I like a good deal as much as the next person but trust me when I tell you that this place cost me and my fiance more than a sleepless night. A shabby exterior and smoke-filled lobby I can handle. Dismay at the sight and smell of the tiny room crammed with old beds and miscellaneous furniture, no problem. Finding the bed linen, carpet and bathroom unclean, fine. Listening to the near constant sound of mice (rats?) running around in the walls all night, pigeons nesting in the window beside my head and the noisy morning traffic was all bearable. I do realise that you get what you pay for, in London in particular, and for £35 per night you'd be silly to expect too much. The thing that put me over the edge, however, was waking up to bedbugs scurrying away over the sheets and up the walls and after feasting on us all night! When you do the research on bedbugs, which I've now done ad naseum, you discover that once you've been exposed to them, they have a tendancy to follow you home. Unfortunately they did and so we've now had the bug man in to spray our place, which wasn't cheap. We've also done five gazillion loads of laundry and will need to dryclean whatever can't be washed. All clothes, shoes, books etc had to be removed from the house, sealed in plastic bin liners and can't be brought back in until they've been hot washed or sprayed. So, suffice to say that this hassle and also the sleepless nights has now negated any savings we might have made by staying at the Chiswick Court Hotel. Lesson learned!	
Aug 2 2008 	Pass This One By	I booked online and regretted it when we got there. The exterior of the building is shabby, but the room was awful! We made the mistake of paying for the room for 2 nights before we looked at it. We were very dismayed when we took our luggage to the room. The carpet and bedspreads were stained; the walls were dirty; we didn't even want to sit on the bed, let alone sleep in it. We went off to Kew Gardens (the hotel is in a lovely neighbourhood), and when we returned I told my husband I could not stay in the room. I also had my 10 year-old son with me and I wondered if the bed had bugs (although I didn't see evidence of this). We got our luggage and expected that now we were out the $220 Canadian. The staff person was very nice and appeared apologetic and offered the refund form to us before us really asking for it. He did not know whether the owner would authorize it but we filled it anyway. I am just hoping the money has been refunded to my credit card. We headed into London at 10 o'clock at night to find a different hotel. Luckily we managed to find a fairly decent one, but it cost a lot more money.My biggest beef is that the owners seem to think the state of the rooms is acceptable - I mean it doesn't cost that much to clean carpets and buy some new, cheap bedding every now and then.I really learned a lesson: when in doubt, always view the room before you pay for it!	
Jul 28 2008 	Dirty bugs and yeah toast for breakfast	I can just add what other people have already stated. Bugs, dirt, toast for breakfast and very unfriendly staff. Booked a double en-suite room. The room was really small, could hardly move, it was more like a single room with a double room shoved in. The bathroom, albeit clean, was tiny and the fixed shower a pain.I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and would never stay in it again.	
Jul 8 2008 	Breakfast is Toast!	Me, wife and daughter in one room, very cramped. Everything a bit worn, grubby or run down, also saw a few bugs. Shower was difficult to use as so small with a fixed shower head.Disappointed to find breakfast was just toast (with butter and jam) and coffee, plus squash/diluted juice. I don't think any hotel on the continent would advertise toast as breakfast.On the plus side: good location, free car park, right beside bus stop, tube nearby, staff friendly and helpful, price okay (total £160 for 3 nights, 3 people).	
May 28 2008	Bugs....................!!!!!!	We found bugs in our beds but the staff didn´t bother. It was dirty, especially in the bathroom, and the smell!! It was a non smoking sign in the &quot;lobby&quot; but when you walked through the frontdoor you almost choked because of the smoke!!!!!!!!!An advice: book another hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 29 2008	Bed Bugs Infested	The title says enough, my girlfriend and i were bitten alive by bed bugs, people complained about it but they ignored it. Then one morning they started spraying insecticide all around when everybody went out for the day. They were bringing second hand mattresses in their vans and dumping the bed bug infested mattresses in the car park. It is amazing they are still operating it is against the law to operate a hotel knowing you have bed bugs infesting the place. The local council Hounslow was notified by an exterminator but for some reason they are still open. Someone needs to close this place down apart from the absolute filth its not fair on paying guests to take the risk of taking bed bugs back to there own homes. We had to hot clean all our clothes and destroying some of the colours in the process, literally everything had to be either heated at extremely high temps or sprayed with bed bug spray and even then its impossible to know whether they will still survive. We had our apartment treated by one of the best Bed Bug pest control guys in London just as a precaution as we still were coming up with the red spots after we left. It costs probably close to £1,000 to do what we did to ensure our flat was clean and bed bug free, it is an absolute nightmare in our minds and it happened a couple years ago, please dont do it to yourself. Its a horrible experience we both hope never happens again.	
Mar 30 2008 	Don't stay here	Just arrived back from the above hotel. Well, where do you want me to start? It was one of the worst hotels we have ever stayed in - in this country and abroad.In a Non-Smoking Hotel - they were smoking. It was so bad by the Reception Desk, it was like walking through fog. Our room was opposite said desk, and that filled up with cigarette smoke as well. The room or should I say box; housed twin beds pushed together, squashed in with a bedside cabinet, a large fridge(?), a minute wardrobe, and an ensuite - I use the words lightly - the ensuite was no bigger than a cupboard - to wipe your bits you had to stand outside.The dirt, cobwebs, and filth was undescribable. The carpet was never hoovered, and God knows what the black sticky mess was. There was scuff marks on the walls; the curtains and the windows didn't fit, and the wind kept on blowing in. The headboards were underneath the windows, so there was no getting away from it.Housekeeping was to change the towels from 4 to 3 to 2 and nothing else on a daily basis. No beds were made, no bins emptied, no basins/showers etc were cleaned - it was a disgrace.Electric plugs sellotaped over, wires hanging all over the place - even in the ensuite - we honestly thought it was a joke.The car park was filled with dirty, smelling water?, old beds, bed bases, smashed cupboards/wardrobes/sinks/ gym kit, amongst other unmentionable items. This was what the guest saw first on arrival, and constantly at breakfast.The icing on the cake was a pubic hair in my husband's saucer on the second day, and cigarette ash on the table.We fully appreciate that this was at the lower end on the price/market range, but there's no excuse for any of the above. It doesn't take a great deal to empty bins, etc and keep the place clean. It is now also against the law to smoke in public places.	
Feb 5 2008	could be cleaner	we stayed here for the rugby international because of the location . it was ok bed ,bog and shower what do you expect for £20.the bathroom was clean but the room could do with a rub over . that apart staff were friendly and location is great	
Oct 26 2007 	Great value if you don't mind.....	I stayed here becuase I was looking for somewhere to stay in London with free parking, and desperate to save money. While even the most rundown hell-holes that I could find were charging £50 a night, I was very frustrated. However, at £35 a night, I was surprised to find that this hotel gave everything that I wanted.The room was tiny, the bathroom was even smaller, the breakfast was simple (just toast, orange squash and tea/coffee), but weight this against the free parking, bus stop outside, close tube station, then I was pleased. Carpet wasn't nice, and I saw a few bugs in the room, but for the price, I wasn't expecting the Ritz. I wouldn't recommend for couples or older folks, but for someone who doesn't mind putting up with stuff, and looking for a cheap stay in London, the price and facilities far outweighs comforts.	
Oct 20 2007 	Ugh....	Just...just....GROSS!!!!!Will not get into the details, I’ll just let the pictures speak for themselves. First 5 are of room #1. The rest are of room 2..after requesting a room with a private bath.	
Sep 23 2007	Infested.	The Chiswick Court Hotel is infested by bed bugs. They bit me severely every night I was there and when I left I had to face the prospect I'd brought them home and had several months and many thousands of pounds removing them from my flat. They have been informed of the problem and have refused to do anything about it. I wouldn't stay there again for a million pounds.	
May 30 2007 	Great location pity about the hotel	This is probably the cheapest hotel I have ever stayed in. Being mean, I have stayed here many times over the last 4 years, but I wouldn't bring my parents. I have however brought the wife and her family. At £20.00 a night, you can't expect the Ritz.150 metres from Turnham Green tube station and with a bus stop outside that has a route straight into the heart of the city, its location could not be better. Plus parking is free.The lovelly old building is slowly being refurbished, so the prices may start to rise, so check if you are thinking of using this place.The whole hotel is grubby, but I have never seen any bugs. The curtains do not match the threadbare carpets, which in turn do not match the multi-coloured bedcovers. Come to think of it, some of the curtains don't even match each other, as in one half can be yellow, the other one blue! The towels and sheets are always clean, if a little on the worn side.The wardrobes are ex-army surplus and the TV's are very, very old, as are the huge fridges in each room. I think the fridges are for the migrant workers who stay here for weeks at a time. The en-suite toilet and showers are small, all have cracked basins and loose toilet seats.Breakfast is toast, with jam, tea, coffee and a glass of juice.The staff are all Lebonese, some speak English, they are all very friendly and smile a lot. I wouldn't dream of recommending this hotel if it wasn't so well located and cheap, but it serves its purpose for me and could well do for you, if you want a really cheap visit to London.	
Jun 25 2008 	A Eviter		
Apr 12 2008 	Ladri!!		
Apr 11 2008 	Nächtlicher Diebstal		
Apr 10 2008 	brutto chiswick!!!!		
Mar 25 2008 	Poco costoso tanto servizio...		
