Nov 22 2009 	No qality measure has been ignored in the search for generating a profit the result is a terrible customer experience.	Read the other reviews - they say it all. There are rooms spread up and down the street and the buildings are building sites with materials strewn on the stairways. The tiled entrance to the hotel showed it had once been an hotel of some quality. One step on to the dirty stair carpet showed that all further vestiges of this ditinguished past have been eradicated. The rooms are tiny, the sheets were too small for the bed, the food and drink offered for breakfast were very poor in quality and range, and they and the room beverages appeared to come from one of the cheapest sources in the UK. The prices show that huge profits are being made, none of which seems to be reinvested in customer experience.	
Nov 14 2009 	Horrible	tiny rooms, you can´t hardly move in the shower, no gel, no shampoo, cold room, you need to pay for the TV remote control. An absolute disaster. The only good thing is outside the hotel: the location.Don´t waste your time and money here.	
Nov 2 2009 	Very good basic hotel	The hotel is very good, if you want a basic no frills hotel at reasonable cost. I found my bed a little hard for my personal liking, but then I have had the same problem with hotels costing twice as much. Decor good, and room adequate. Downside, toilet seat badly needing replacing in the ensuite shower room. I had a very disturbed night, because another guest had flooded their shower, so much so it affected the electrics and the fire alarm kept going off all night. However, the hotel did try to rectify the problem so that we could get some sleep. It the cause wasnt really their fault. I would probably stay at the Hotel again when visiting London. Nice and handy for Paddington Station.	
Oct 28 2009 	Functional Room Pleasant Stay - Would Go Back	This is a basic hotel within a few minutes of Paddington station - booked through lastminute.com. I found the staff helpful on reception, check in took about 5 minutes. The room was on the third floor, with two single beds, wardrobe and flat screen TV. Coffee and Tea making facilities and it had a hair dryer that worked were provided. It was the worlds smallest bathroom but then again you're normally on in it for a few minutes. Everything worked and there was plenty of hot water.In summary, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the towels were white and there was nothing left under the bed. I paid £52 to stay and I would go again at this price. If you want cheap and cheerful and no frills this hotel should be ok for you.	
Oct 27 2009 	Dirty Alexandra	This hotel is absolutely a big joke. The desk clerk were presumptuous and did not even care to help us. The breakfast was a joke, tasted like nothing. Our room was in the basement, with view to the garbage area. The bathroom were so small that when you were talking a shower you had to go out of the room to turn around. The bedclothes and curtains were dirty. The radiator heater was set to max and it could not be turned down. We had to keep the door and window open to keep the temperature down to normal. We asked the desk clerk three times on two different days if they could turn off the radiator and got the same answer every time: No problem, tomorrow we will fix it. On the evening we got back to our hotel room and the temperature was 35 C. My wife went up and talked to the desk clerk and got the same answer: tomorrow. I got mad and asked the clerk if i had to go out and buy me an adjustable wrench, and the desk clerk replied, YES.To solve the problem i talked to another couple that lived at the hotel and on their radiator there was a knob to turn down the heat. I borrowed it and the problem was fixed.The best thing with this hotel were LEAVING ITDO NOT STAY HERE. If you do, it will be you that write the next review.	
Oct 23 2009 	Good location but the room is a tiny box!	This hotel is good if you are ONLY in the room to sleep. The price is great for the location but you certainly get what you paid for. Only the beds fit in the room and if you get a bathroom (I don't think all of them have bathrooms), you may not have room to close the door when you sit on the toilet! The shower is about 3 feet big and runs into the toilet- my husband barely fit in there! BUT at least there is a shower and the hotel is about a 3 minute walk from the metro (tube) station and to Hyde Park. The breakfast that's included is toast and cereal.	
Oct 8 2009 	what a dump	travelled to the uk from australia spent 3 nights in london from check in to check out no body from the hotel gave a stuff could hear every one in room above and beside us thumping around all night towels replaced every 2 days bed was uncomfortable i wont go on did not expect 5 star but i did expect to sleep in a clean room	
Sep 22 2009 	Comfortable stay in good location	This hotel was comfortable and reasonable. The area is fairly central in London with most sites within walking distance. Breakfast was adequate, nothing fancy. Service was freindly, slightly incompetant but friendly.	
Sep 13 2009 	This place should be shut down	Flew to London from Ireland to see a show at the theatre and booked into the Alexandra for an overnight stay. On arrival to the hotel they were over booked and sent us across the road to their partnering Hotel, “Seymour Hotel”. Checked in their and were sent to a room not even in the same building but down the street we could find the entrance. The room was terrible. It was in a basement right beside the dinning room. The bathroom was a port-aloo inside the bed room with a shower curtain diving the toilet bowel and shower. Thought that I would make myself a cup of coffee after the stress of the arrival and found that the milk was out of date. Woke up the next morning with the noise of people in the dinning room and also to find a few flee bites on me and my fiancée. Went for breakfast in the &quot;dining room&quot;, it was continent and disgusting. The cheese was stuck to the plate. I know i didn't get to stay in the Alexandra, but this is how they treat you.THIS PLACE SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN	
Sep 10 2009 	Fit for Purpose	I was attending a function at the Royal Lancaster and decided to stay overnight in London rather than get an expensive Taxi home late at night. Got a good deal on last minute.com for the Alexandra which is about 100 mtrs away from the Royal Lancaster.Hotel room was small, bathroom v small, but clean comfortable and ideal for what I needed. Didn't try breakfast in the morning.	
Aug 11 2009 	NOT a good hotel	I have stayed in the London Paddington area before, and there are nicer hotels than this one for similar prices. The staff was disinterested or absent. The rooms were small and the bathrooms smaller (even by London &quot;cheap hotel&quot; standards, this was small !) The free breakfast was not worth the price.The common areas (hallways, stairs, breakfast area) were in bad shape.I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 3 2009 	small room basic on frills	no frills budget hotel adequete room small bathroom ,clean	
Apr 30 2009 	a complete joke	This is not a hotel.this is joke, more like circus, where hotel receptionist is like ring masterand the guest are animals.there are mouse in the room and breakfast roomand no one caresdo not stay here for health and safety reason.	
Apr 20 2009 	Hotel from hell. Do not stay here.	Alexandra Hotel, 159 Sussex Gardens.The only good thing we encountered was the location. Here are some of the issues:1. Shower in room smashed 2. Got stuck in the lift (Looks like a frequent occurence)3. Staff do not care at all, totally disinterested in customers and treat you like vermin4. Charged me for a simple tourist map of the area (Cheap)5. The food at breakfast was the cheapest quality I have seen. 6. Bathroom dirty, actually had slime in it7. Linen stained, bed worn out, sagging and lumpy8. Furniture just old, dirty and dusty9. Rooms noisy from either road or other guests (No sound proofing of any sort)10. I could go on and on, this was a truly terrible experienceArrived from Hong Kong Jet lagged and found that the shower head in the room was smashed. Offered to move us but we were too tired, they agreed to shift us to a new room the next day which we did. Refused to fix the shower (No bath in the room) because no one to fix it on a sunday (rubbish, they were too cheap to get a plumber in the weekend) Hotel was full so they cleaned the room and gave it to another unsuspecting customer on Sunday night knowing the room had no washing facilities.When stuck in lift we pried the door open and climbed up and out and onto the floor above. Staff not even interested, when I went to the front desk the sole charge staff member just said oh...ok, I have re set it. (clearly knew how to reset the lift which implies to me that it is a common occurence and was not interested in customers experience.)Staff argue with customers eg. The lift and moving rooms. Another example was when I tried to enter the hotel via the front door on Sunday but it was blocked by someone on the front steps smoking and I had to sqeeze past him to get in. Turned out it was the front desk receptionist outside, smoking and making customers sqeeze past whilst he blew smoke at them.Charged me 1 pound for a simple map... I was jet lagged and too tired to argue but any other hotel would give it to you.Breakfast was a self serve affair. Available was: tastless white bread to toast, Jam, butter, pre sliced cheese that tasted nothing like cheese (must be the cheapest on the market) sliced ham (Real cheap stuff), cornflakes type cereal that was like chipped cardboard pieces (cheapest on market type of stuff), Heavily watered down orange juice..... need I say more???Fantastic location but owners are cutting corners on maintenance, staff training, food quality and every other thing. Cutting costs to to a ludicrious level to maximise profit at customers expense. I felt totally ripped off. This is an aweful place.Liked — Very, very short walk from Paddington Station and Heathrow express	
Mar 14 2009 	Cleancheap good location - will use again	Clean,Cheap, good location.Will certainly use this hotel agaIn.	
Feb 23 2009 	Clean cheap and convenient.	Having read some of the reviews we were a bit worried, but what do people expect for 20 pounds each a night in central (ish) London? OK the room wasn't the largest ever but all we did was sleep in it, and it was spotlessly clean and the bed was comfy. Breakfast wasn't wonderful with watered-down orange juice but there was unlimited toast and cereal. The staff were helpful and let us leave our bags when we arrived at 8am. About 5 mins walk from Lancaster Gate tube, would stay there again.	
Feb 12 2009	Not that bad.... excellent location decent price....	When describing this hotel, i wouldn't say fantastic or great or nice.... what I will say is that it was OK.... I'm glad I stayed there - for the price and location.... the negatives:the room wasn't as clean as I'd like (for example, it didn't appear that housekeeping had vacuumed the room as there was dust in the corners; the bathtub was kinda dingy around the edges; I had a hair of mine that dropped on the floor in the bathroom the first day and I didn't pick it up or move it on purpose, as a test - it was still there - all 4 days I was there)no fridge (would've been nice - I kept things out on the windowsill to keep them cool)no wi-fi (not a huge deal, but would've been awesome)the positives:elevator!Clean sheets and clean towels... lots of towels too...location, location, location... it's literally 3 minutes walk from Paddington - which will get you anywhere.... safe area - I did not feel at all unsafe walking back to the hotel at night alone (I mean, I'm always cautious and conscientious of my surroundings, but I never felt unsafe)I liked giving my key to the front desk every time I left - it was one less thing to keep track of.breakfast - included and plenty of it. Coffee, juice, toast, cereal, yogurt.... we filled up in the mornings and were able to skip a meal later, which saved us some money (I'm all about travelling on a budget - I'd rather spend money on activities than food).also, the kettle in the room was clean and there were clean cups provided every morning.I had stayed at another 2 star hotel for one night of my trip and that hotel was a bit cleaner and had a fridge (helpful for saving money on food and drink) but the location was worse.Overall, I'd stay there again. For the price and location mainly. i've heard horror stories about budget accomodations in London but this was not one of them.Don't be scared to stay there. It's OK. :)	
Jan 7 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!! Be Warned!!	My partner and i stayed at this hotel for a few nights in december, the location is the only good thing about this hotel. our room had a fire escape through the middle and a break glass for emergency on the door, so anyone could pretty much get in when they wanted and the window wouldnt close so we practically froze, what made it worse is the heating isnt controlled from the room and i dont think i ever witnessed it on, the bathroom was so small we had to get in the bath to shut the door, and the shower water smells bad, also is either freezing cold or seriously hot, we didnt expect anything spectacular as we booked this on a budget but the basic water heat and safety are non existent. i wont be visiting this hotel again thats for sure!	
Dec 13 2008 	dont book this! DON'T!	I cannot imagine what are they thinking when they charge such prices for this [--]!I slept there, and no bug bit me.... but common! the bathroom in a train might be way more adequate than the one we had in this room, it is a pity I didnt take a picture to show, because anything i can say will not be close to the shock i was in when i saw that bathroom. about the room, its was more less clean, so OK, that is the most important for me... but everything seems so old, the beds, the sheets, the bed cover... so old, with marks and stains. i didnt want to walk bare foot or touch the bed cover with any part of my body. small wardrobe, and small tv with no remote control	
Dec 11 2008 	Good budget hotel	We spent 3 nights in this hotel as part of a Singapore Air &quot;free nights&quot; deal. We didn''t expect much given that it was a &quot;freebie&quot; and given some of the reviews we'd read, but the location was good and we had a fairly good idea what 2-star London hotels were like.Actually, it was fairly good. It is in a great location - a few minutes walk from Paddington (where Heathrow train arrives) and good bus routes , and close enough to walk to Hyde Park . The area also felt reasonably safe to us. Our room was very small - there were two single beds in it and barely enough room to walk between them to get to the (also very small) bathroom. But the beds were extremely comfortable, the shower was good, and there was basic tea/coffee making equipment. Breakfast was adequate, with plentiful cereal and toast. The staff didn't particularly go out of their way, but they weren't unhelpful. When we arrived at 8am they let us put our bags into the vacated but not yet cleaned room. I think others' comments about staff could be explained by the fact that this is certainly not a hotel with modern communications etc . We asked to leave our passports in the safe and handed over an envelope with them in ; when we retrieved them on the morning we left, the hotel receptionist appeared to lean under the counter and pick the envelope up off an open shelf , so we assume that's where they had been stored! The other incident occured when we decided we'd like to stay another couple of nights. We were due to leave on Monday morning and asked on the Saturday if there was a vacancy for the Mon &amp; Tues nights . The reception staff couldn't tell us because the &quot;office&quot; was closed for the weekend - it seemed they had no way of knowing what bookings they had for the next few days. Their only suggestion was that we find an internet cafe and try to book online. (They apologised for the fact they didn't have any internet access at all in the hotel - not even for staff. ) All in all, we thought this was good value for money - providing you paid the hotel rate ... and here's where I'd add a word of warning. Singapore Air provided 2 free nights at the hotel as part of their airfare deal. But at this hotel, if you stay on a Friday or Saturday, you have to stay for 3 nights in total, so we had to pay for the 3rd night. The agency that managed the booking charged us the equivalent of 100 English pounds for one night for 2 people - but when we arrived at the hotel we found they would have charged us only 70 pounds (for either internet bookings or &quot;walk ins&quot;) ! Would we stay there again? Yes - good location, basic comfortable room, and adequate breakfast.	
Nov 1 2008 	good location	this is a good hotel.the location is good,close to public transport.the staff were very helpful and let us check in early.The rooms are a bit small but are clean.the breakfast is adequate.if like us you only use the room to sleep and shower,this is ideal.	
Sep 1 2008 	Back breaking postage stamp	Cor! I couldn't believe it, but I was amazed when we were expected to carry the 67 year old aunt's heavy suitcase to the third floor room, up a winding staircase. The room was reasonably clean, but smaller than a postage stamp and the shower met the loo, due to lack of space. Breakfast was adequate, but nothing flash. The staff were helpful. It's the Travel Lodge or Travel Inn next time to save our backs and give us some room for the luggage!	
Aug 31 2008 	Barely Bearable	I stayed at Alexandra Hotel with my wife for a short budget vacation. We had chosen it based on the price and location. Generally, luxury is hardly what we aim for, but in this case &quot;dysfunctional&quot; is a good epithet to characterize the hotel. The hotel has rooms in two separate buildings across the street from each other: the main location with the 24/7 receptionist area (this address is listed on TripAdvisor, although the entrance is from Sussex Place) and the satellite hotel, called Alexandra Court Hotel, at 10 Sussex Place. We were given a room in the satellite. Living in the satellite leads to several inconveniences. The administration asks to leave the key to the room with them, which requires that you make a detour to the main building at least twice a day. Another serious inconvenience is that phones in the satellite hotel do not work (as per a receptionist). I do not know whether they work in the main hotel. The info in the room claims that there are phones in the corridors: that's a lie. Thankfully, at least for breakfast you don't need to leave the building. The breakfast (in our case included in the price) is served in the basement. As typical of such small hotels, a disabled person would have almost no chance of navigating the narrow stairs; even living on the ground floor, one still has to go downstairs for breakfast.The breakfast is very basic though edible. The one problem is that the breakfast room is small, with toast and drinks placed in the anteroom, which is downright tiny. This tiny space is used by guests to pass from/to the actual breakfast area and to get toast and drinks, as well as by the maid, who boils water, replenishes food, etc. This maid almost never leaves this small space during breakfast, so you really need to squeeze your way into, through, and from it.Our room overlooked the street (Sussex Place) and even had a tiny balcony. Ironically, both facts had a negative impact on our sense of security. The scaffolding immediately to the left of the balcony was a sure way for someone to get into our room, so we could not leave the window open for ventilation while away. Coupled with the management's claim that due to thieves operating in the area, no valuables should be left in the room, it made us feel really uneasy. At the same time, we could not open the heavy curtains while in the room because our window was facing windows on the other side of the street. Only an exhibitionist would keep the curtains open! We also felt it was fairly easy to get a key to any room at the reception. While retrieving our key, we were only asked a security question (name) a couple of times, typically late at night; at other times, just giving the number of the room was enough. The TV program in the hotel reminded me of the times behind the Iron Curtain: there is Channel One and Channel Two ... who needs more? The ceiling is slightly peeling, but it's so high that you can barely see it anyways. The bathroom is perhaps the most modern part. Still there are patches of mold lurking in the corners. True, it's hard to get in contact with them even if you try, but they don't help you feel good and clean. There's a stand-in shower, cute little sink, and equally little toilet. The size of the sink is not a problem, but the toilet required some balancing to sit on. I don't consider myself fat (I wear waist 34 jeans, US size), so the fact that I had a hard time staying on top of the blasted thing should really tell you how undersized it was.Probably, the only good thing about the room amenities was an electric kettle and tea supply. And also, the &quot;double&quot; room we had reserved had actually two beds: one double and one single.Finally, the staff. Not helpful, not polite, sometimes lazy. Our room was not made up one day, of which I complained to the receptionist. The reaction? &quot;OK.&quot; Another time, late at night, when the main entrance is locked (and there is no buzzer), we had to knock on the door of the main hotel for 5 minutes before someone opened it and gave us the key to our room. I'd be guessing the noise didn't amuse people living in the main hotel. To summarize, nothing bad happened to us there, but we never felt at ease or comfortable.	
Aug 14 2008 	Not a bad little hotel	Our two nights were &quot;free&quot; as part of our travel package. Was a bit anxious to see what we would get based on some of the reviews I had seen. Our room had two single beds but that was something we could have sorted before we left but I had over looked that from our itinery. Overall the room was spacious enough and clean. The breakfast was ample but nothing spectacular. Staff were friendly and helped with getting us on one of the hop-on-hop-off bus tours (a must!!) The location is great as you are close to Paddington and there are plenty of eating options in the area. Steak houses seem to be popular. Post office close too. Not a bad experience at all.	
Jul 14 2008 	A nice hotel at the lovely Paddington	Hotel Alexandra is a nice and small hotel in the heart of paddigton, londen. I have stayed there two nights and was happy with the room that i got. I read several reviews about this hotel and some of them were shocking. So i hoped for the best and i am satisfied. I got a nice cleaned room, with a small bathroom. The room had one large bed and one small, and i booked for two people. The room was clean and everything worked ( tv, coffemachine, hairdryer...) The bathroom was small, but cleaned good. The water in the shower was warm. So no complains. We couldn't check inn at 1O am but we left our luggage without any problem at the desk.The only thing that wasn't ok, was breakfast. The toast was hard to bite, there wasn'ty many choise , it was not good. And breakfast was done at 9.15. So no time to get out off bed late. We had a nice stay in the hotel. Because we were only three days in londen, the hotel was a nice place to sleep..... So hotel Alexandra wasn't so bad at all.And i advice the hotel to people who go on a citytrip like i did, it's location is great, only a couple of footsteps away from paddington station that brings you everywhere....	
Apr 24 2008 	excellent budget hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights last week and this hotel has a very good price/quality. The room and bathroom are small but were clean to our standards.During a citytrip you should only be in your room to sleep.The breakfast is sober but you can eat as much as you want.We would definitely go back as the location is very good and people at reception were friendly.	
Mar 31 2008	Great Location	I stayed at the Alexandra Hotel five days in March, 2008. I was a teacher/group leader for 32 students. The location was great - just a few minutes walk from Paddington Station, access to ATM machine, fast food, deli, pubs and an internet cafe, all within a two block radius. This is a budget hotel so your expectations should be reasonable. The room was acceptable- clean, bath area was small (shower only)-only soap was provided so bring your bath supplies. My students did have some &quot;telephone&quot; issues, but a pay phone was nearby, allowing them to use their telephone cards. Because of the &quot;fast-paced&quot; student tour, we spent very little time in our rooms, therefore the great location trumped any of the other inconveniences.	
Feb 24 2008	Think twice perhaps	I stayed with this hotel for one week with a large school group. The hotel is separated into two buildings. The rooms were clean but the annex lacked any phone service for the duration of our stay. The rooms were modestly appointed but did include working hair dryers, which was a pleasant surprise. Many rooms lacked heat. There is no lift in the annex building and many rooms were up 7 or 8 flights of steps. The breakfast was sparse but better than nothing. I would not classify the hotel staff as accommodating, in general; however, there was one individual who did carry some suitcases upon arrival.	
Jan 29 2008 	Good Short Break Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed in the hotel Alexandra for 3 nights. From the start the staff were friendly and polite. We were given a room on the second floor, it was a double room. Room was small and compact, but had everything we needed: bed, shower, toilet, kettle, TV, hairdryer. The bed was fine and comfortable, two pillows each and extra bed clothes if we needed them. Bathroom was also compact: toilet, standing shower, hand basin and mirror. Only issue was there was no condiments (shampoo / shower gel) supplied, have to bring your own! The location of the hotel was quite central, 2 min walk from Paddington Station, 15 min walk from Oxford street. There is a road just up from the hotel with a few different restaurants on it, one to be avoided is : Scotch Steak House (not good food and very expensive) and a lovely little Italian (excellent food, price and staff very friendly and polite).This is a good budget hotel for a few nights stay. If you are looking for a budget hotel and are prepared to get what you pay for, I would definitely recommend this hotel. Would stay here again if going back to London!	
Nov 9 2007 	Sadly a bit of a disappointment	We picked the Alexandra Hotel because it was a Singapore Airlines' -stopover hotel, reasonably priced, and it was handy to a mainline station (Paddington). Sadly - it was extremely noisy (traffic noise day and night during the week) and service from front desk staff left a little to be desired. Breakfasts were good and location convenient. The main &quot;gripe&quot; we had was the difficulty in making telephone calls - we had problems with our mobile phone from home and needed to call our telco to sort them out. The telco's publicity was not clear, and we will take that matter up with them - however, hotel staff were unable to assist us by helping us to make a reverse- charge home for us when asked. (We paid the bill and this has now been refunded by our telco now we are home.)Otherwise service was fine. There was much less noise on Saturday and we had the thrill of a troup of horses and pillions being ridden down Sussex Gardens on Saturday morning.	
Oct 24 2007	Sleep with bugs	I stayed in Alexandra hotel three nights, two nights with bugs, one night without them. I will never forget it.Hotels location was good, breakfast okay.	
Oct 7 2007 	Don't go there they steal your stuff!	The first room I stayed in had twin beds (we asked for double and never got them) and a leaking roof! It kept me up all night! The bathroom was a disgrace. Very small in plastic, and every time you take a shower the whole 1m2 of the bathroom would get flooded. And it was very dirty. We also had no blankets in the room, just sheets. In the morning we asked to be transfered to a different room and we were. The other room was better, without the leaking roof, and it had a normal bathroom. Both rooms cost the same (I don't see how). The other day we got stuck in the elevator which doesn't function properly but nobody warned us! It is supposed to carry up to 4 people and the receptionist later yelled at us and cursed because he told us only 3 people fit in the elevator. We showed him the sign inside the elevator saying &quot;4 persons&quot;. He didn't know what to say. The worst thing was - STEALING! Very conveniently, the day before our check out one of the bags with clothes we bought few days before disappeared! It was in the room for days, but just before you need to leave it's gone! There was no time for us to do anything and the police wouldn't even react to a stole bag of goods worth about 70 pouds. But it was worth to us, it had stuff for the kids, clothes and toys. We learned that also the day before, &quot;someone&quot; stole a laptop from one of the rooms. There were no signs of braking and entering. Someone knew what they were looking for and knew exactly where to find it. You are required to leave the key at the receptionist desk when you go out, so they know when you are not in the room. I wouldn't recommend Alexandra hotel to anyone! I could get over a lot of the things but not the fact that your personal things are not safe in your room and the management doesn't do anything about it.	
Oct 3 2007 	A mystery	We were staying for 3 nights. We were supposed to be at Seymore hotel, but there was some floods and problems with the top rooms, so we were proposed to stay in Alexandra.The twin room was ok, but so tiny.The en-suite facilities were so small, to put it mildly.When you take a shower, the half of you is already in shower cabin, the other half is in toilet.We were shocked to find out bed-bugs in our beds and when we got home we saw traces of stings on our bodies. So now we have to cure ourselves. I am just praying not to bring to home those insects somewhere in my luggage.The breakfast was enough. Toasts, butter, jam, coffee, yoghurt.The stairs are so steep, but that's not a trouble when you do not have a heavy suitcase which you have to bring into the room which is on the 3rd floow.The location of the hotel is very successful. The main places of interest are reachable even by a few minutes walk. There is a subway station really very close to the hotel.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great location for a short stay	An economical hotel very near the tube. Very small room and basic amenities but fine for a night or two. Great if you're only there to sleep. Friendly staff.	
Sep 20 2007 	Beware!!! A Nightmare	If we didn't laugh we would have cried. This room was worse than we could have ever imagined. We were originally booked at the Seymour Hotel and after arriving late in the evening from Istanbul and a two week cruise (very small insided cabin), we thought we were prepared for a small but clean room. Boy, the surprises never stopped. First we were sent walking to The Alexandra Hotel because a pipe broke and the rooms were damp :( They took our money and sent us on our way promising us that the rooms were bigger at the Alex than the Seymour so our deal was even better. At the Alex we were sent to the basement/dungeon via a very steep, narrow stairway with no railing. Finding a room about 8 x 10 with twin beds we tried to get moved but of course the hotel was sold out. The room had a large window that opened to a courtyard that accessed everyone elses large window. We felt free to help ourselves to anything from another room by walking out our window and enter theirs. There was no a/c so we locked our window and hoped we would live to tell our tale. The beds were 50 years old and had no support left. We had two bath towels, no hand towels, no wash cloths, three used bars of soap, three rolls of toilet paper sitting on a shelf, and a bathroom/shower combo that required us to leave the door open so we could fit. The note on the desk told us not to leave our towels on the floor because they were ours for the next two days, and the sheets would be changed after three days. Breakfast was the highlight - yogurt, cheese, ham and toast. Not bad. Beware. The price was low, but the accomodations were awful. We were glad we brought earplugs and sleeping pills.	
Sep 16 2007 	No rest at all	We stayed in the Alexandra Hotel for five nights from September 7 to September 12, 2007, booking to hotel through gtahotels. The room and bathroom were very small, but that is to be expected in a two star hotel in London. The breakfast was adequate, but served in room where you coudn't swing a cat. The worst part was the noise. We were send to an anex (number 10) and this was an old house with no isolation at all. All night long you could here fire doors slamming shut when other guests arrived or went out, people talking in the corridor or their rooms and when someone walked up the staircase, it was like the ceiling coming down. The room was so hot and the room so small that there was a lack of oxygene after spending only one or two hours in it and in it was impossible to keep the windows shut. But leaving them open, meant that the noise got even worse. After five nights, we were completely exhausted by lack of sleep. If you want an hotel to rest after exploring London, stay away from the Alexandra. It may be at a central location, but is isn't worth paying GBP 70 a night for a small and noisy dump.	
Sep 3 2007 	A real disappointment	We stayed in a double room and the beds were tiny, as was the bathroom. There was no space for our two suitcases. The room was filthy, stains down the walls and carpet under the bed which had never been vacummed. The breakfast left a lot to be desired, the hotel must have been fully booked because we could not get a table. When we did get a table, the only item on the 'buffet' that looked apertising was the toast. In terms of location, the noise was terrible and the lack of airconditioning in the room made sleeping in the summer heat very difficult. I would not recommend this to anyone for the price we paid.	
Jul 25 2007 	Good Budget Hotel But Bed Bugs	The hotel seemed clean, staff were friendly enough. Room was basic but good for the price. Breakfast was good. The only trouble with this place were bed bugs. The beds were riddled with them &amp; I could not sleep at night knowing this. It ruined our holiday really. I would definitely not stay there again which is a shame because the hotel was very good for a budget price &amp; was ideally located for Paddington station.	
May 31 2007	Good cheap clean very polite and helpful stuff great location	I've been staying at the hotel for 7 nights in a single room. The room on the 2nd floor was very pleasant and clean. The hotel had a renovation a couple years ago. It is good. The shower is amazing - clean, comfortable and water presser is good. The hotel is situated on the nice, very green street, not far from Hyde park. Breakfast is good and staff is doing there job. I'd stay in the Alexandra hotel again. The hotel staff is very polite and helpful. Thank you very much to the guys at the concierge desk.	
Apr 20 2007	nothing short of terrible	terrible value 60 pounds! rooms ridiculously small - like a prison celllittle ventilation - u will have a nightmare if u stay during the summer - unless u like spending a night in a saunacheap breakfast - terrible coffee.uncomfortable bedavoid staying here - lifts dont go to all floors and the stairwells are so narrow that getting ure luggage up and down is difficultof course its only 2 star - but ive stayed in much better - however Central London hotel prices probably the most expensive of any city.yes - location is good - 2 minute walk to paddington station.u might think that u only need a room to sleep in - so space is not so important - but this is worng - u need to feel refreshed after a night of sleep - u will not if u stay here.try and get the paddington hilton on a good internet rate - i got a night there for 60 pounds	
Apr 16 2007 	Bedbugs!!! Be Warned!!!	My mother and I stayed at this hotel for the entire duration of our stay in London, England. We enjoyed the place, thought the location was fantastic, service, rooms, breakfast, etc... only problem was a BIG one: Bedbugs! We were both bitten and unfortunately for me, I had an allergic reaction. So what seemed to be a recommendation ended up a disappointment. Be sure to check any hotel for these... I sure will!	
Apr 3 2007 	OK but would not stay twice	We travelled from NZ and stayed 2 nights at the Alexandra Hotel. We found the rooms quite small and we were practically climbing over ourclothes and luggage to get to the bathroom. The lift kept breaking down so we found ourselves climbing 2 floors of stairs which were very narrow and difficult when you have luggage and shopping to carry. The staff were of non-english speaking origin and I found this difficult when their english was not very good. Breakfast was Ok but I wouldn't write home to mum about it. The beds kept rolling around the room and the minibar offered two tea bags and coffee sachets only. The towels were changed every two days which could have been improved as the weather was winter and the room temperaturewas cold-too cold to dry towels. Overall, ok but I would not stay twice.	
Mar 22 2007	prefered we stayed elsewhere	We booked through our travel agent and trusted her opinion of the place. I recon we got the worst room. My main dislike was the two hairs that were on the shower wall next to the shower head = It could not have been cleaned properly. Our room was in another building to the main one. Looking out on to a light well next to the dining room which opens at 6 and the light shines in! Beds a bit old (lumpy) and the TV did not work ( we wanted to watch The Bill). When we asked to have our room changed as we did request for a double bed (it was a twin) and had a family above us that woke from 1:30 - 4:30 am to play and laugh they would not do it. Though polite that was about it. Breakfast - we have seen better on our trip!	
Feb 16 2007	Cheap nice and clean.	Stayed at Alexandra hotel for 4 nights in February. The room was clean, beds ok, breakfast too (tea, coffee, cereals, ham, juice, yogourt and as much toasts as you like). The staff was very polite. Everything went just fine except that someone broke into our room the first night (hopefully they didn't stole anything), staff said it happens sometimes when the hotel is croaded, so DO NOT LET ANYTHING VALUABLE IN UR ROOM !!Hotel is near Paddington station, 20 mn from Oxford Street, and there's plenty of restaurants around.	
Jun 20 2006	Loved the Alexandra	Stayed at Alexandra for 4 nights in June. The room was clean, beds were good and the breakfast ok. The staff was polite and everything worked just fine. Will stay there also next time when visiting London.	
May 31 2006	overbooking!	This hotel ruined our 3-day visit to London. Upon arrival we were informed that there's some unspecified problem and we are to be moved into some &quot;continental hotel&quot; for 2 nights. Recepcionists were assuring us that the Continental is of equal standard. It was a lie. They had put us in a B&amp;B. Although there were some free rooms in the Alexandra at that moment (single, but it would suffice) , they refused to give us a room. The people were rude. They even hanged up on me once. Additionallly, nobody would give us any written proof of the exchange. The manager was unavailable and in the end he sent us to our travel agent with nothing.	
May 26 2006	Cheap	GOOD POINTS: cheapeverything was cleanclose to the stationBAD POINTS: required passport no. and date of expiry couldn't close the window completelytowel is changed once 2 daysvery small shower boothno refrigeratorOVERALL: Although staying in winter might be miserable, the needy will be happy if they bring some towels. Be sure to bring your shampoo and toothbrush too.	
May 22 2006	Central Location Good Facilities	We were surprised to find that the lift only went to floor 3 and we were on floor 5, and those stairs were very steep. Reception staff were very approachable, - but remember that there is only one person at the front desk who cannot leave, so you may need to be patient to have you request attended to. Breakfast was included - toast and cereal, so we took our own muesli. Kitchen staff were also very approachable and helful where they could be.Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much - not luxury, but a good place to shelter and sleep	
Feb 9 2006	Beware		
Feb 5 2006	Good Value		
Dec 25 2005	one of the best one-star hotels in london		
Sep 10 2005	Beware of the Stairs		
Jun 15 2005	Cheapcleanconvenient.		
Jun 7 2005	Nice and clean good location.		
Sep 13 2004	Value for money		
Jul 16 2004	It's ok		
Sep 26 2003	Excellent Service!		
Sep 24 2009 	Peor imposible.....		
Sep 24 2009 	????????????		
Aug 28 2009 	Mala Experiencia		
Aug 21 2009 	hotel recomedable		
Jul 18 2009	Achtung Bettwanzen		
Jun 26 2009 	Buon equilibrio prezzo qualità		
May 16 2009 	Très bon hôtel		
Feb 25 2009	Gute Lage schlechter Schlaf		
Feb 1 2009 	hotel bien situado		
Jan 30 2009 	La prima volta a Londra		
Jan 30 2009 	Hotel bien situado y muy limpio. Recomendable		
Oct 8 2008 	Hotel barato y cerca de Hyde Park		
Aug 22 2008 	tromperie		
May 11 2008	Nicht zu empfehlen unfreundlicher Service ekllige Badezimmer		
Nov 23 2007 	Très satisfait pour le prix... 156€/2nuits avec petit déjeuner continental.		
Nov 14 2007	Vraiment pas terribel		
Jul 15 2007			
Mar 1 2006	Lo justo para lo que pagas		
