Oct 22 2009 	Good location rooms quite small but overall value for money	The reception and bar area were welcoming, the lift needs a little updating, having said that the room was clean and represented value for money if a little small. Good location near to museums and portable air con unit in the room did the trick.	
Oct 16 2009	Great location	Booked this hotel at the last minute, thru Hotels.com and, as always, based on good reviews from fellow travelers on TripAdvisor. The location was great, being 2 blocks from the metro. The room was clean and a good size, compared to the room we had left in Paris. Our rate did not include breakfast so we can't evaluate the food nor service associated with any meals. We did enjoy the tea/coffee service although the cord did not reach any outlet, and we had to plug the hot pot in while it was on the floor. Had a good, inexpensive dinner at a pub we found a block away based on the recommendations of the bartender(?)/valet. Overall, we were pleased with the accommodations and would stay there again as we felt it was a good value.	
Oct 10 2009 	Gallery hotel exceeds my expectations.	For a recent 4-day stay in London, I made all arrangements for a party of six. The stay was delightful. Booking the 3 rooms on their website was easy and painless. There was no uncertainty as to the rates or what was included.The hotel, on a street lined with Victorian-era townhomes, is beautiful and very comfortable. The hotel staff was helpful without being intrusive. The breakfast, included in the rate, was typical of English hotel breakfasts. The dining room was decorated nicely.The location in South Kensington was ideal. Two blocks from the South Kensington tube stop allowed easy transportation throughout the entire city. Rooms were very comfortable, and by European standards, quite large. The only problem, and this would be temporary, there was street reconstruction going on in the area.This is not a full-service hotel. If you need room-service, fitness center, etc., then you would not be happy here. However, if you need a hotel room that is comfortable, convenient, beautiful, while you sightsee, explore, enjoy the city, then this is ideal.This was my second stay at the Gallery. It will be my first choice for any future stays.	
Jul 9 2009 	Nice little hotel	The location was good, although a bit noisy at night at times from people talking on the street. London was having a heat wave while we were there. The room had a small air conditioner, which was also noisy. The room was small, but clean and comfortable. Continental breakfast was adequate, with good service. The small elevator got stuck several times while we were there (we didn't get stuck in it, although we thought we were going to once).	
Jul 1 2009 	Would go back....	We found The Gallery Hotel, South Kensington a lovely hotel. Clean, quiet and wonderfully located. Rooms were comfortable and clean. Staff were polite and attentive. My only quibble would be that there is no distinct bar area/service.	
Jun 9 2009 	The Gallery Hotel: Elegance in the Heart of London	Every now and then in my travels, I come across a hidden gem that makes my traveling experience that much more enjoyable. On a recent visit to London I found such a gem in The Gallery Hotel. From the intimate setting to the central location to the charming and attentive staff, I felt very at home at the Gallery. I look forward to my next stay at the hotel and highly recommend this to any traveler looking for a warm and hospitable environment in the heart of London. Five stars for The Gallery Hotel!	
Apr 24 2009 	Poor value and an attitude to match.	The room for 4 star was unacceptably / rediculously small. We stayed in the room for a week, and upon first seeing the room asked for a larger room. We were told that all the rooms had a similar layout and were identical in size. The internet in the rooms and business centre did not work for the entire week we were there. It turned the business trip into a logistical nightmare. The staff were not supported by management. They made no effort to assist with internet related problems despite all the operational computers having access. Upon leaving the hotel we had opportunity to see other rooms and noticed that every room on the floor was larger than ours. My travel agent has been informed.	
Feb 21 2009 	We liked it - location good staff nice cleanliness grand . You'll be fine !	We stayed 4 nights in two room on the front and after reading reviews about noise from a club across the road we were apprehensive . However it was fine - the street is one way with very little traffic and the noise from the club was minimal - a few loud people on street but not too late and well, you're in a city !!. Location is very good - South Kingsington station is 4/5 minutes walk and no 74 bus is also there . Restaurants in area are decent as Old Bromton road is 2 minutes walk south through Harrington St . Breakfast is good - enough for all tastes. Though some staff struggled with their english they were a nice bunch - helpful , polite and nice people . Sure , rooms are older and tv and windows are dated but overall the decor is very good , its clean and friendly and thats what counts when you're away from home !. A nice ambiance there overall	
Feb 6 2009 	NOT recommended	We stayed in the Gallery for one night last weekend. There is a very loud dance club on the street that you will get to listen to until the wee hours of the morning. That would have been fine, had it not been for the &quot;wet /urine/pet&quot; smell in the room, the HORRIBLY dirty quilts on the bed, the mattress coils literally poking our backs, the sagging floors underneath the carpet, and the tiles coming up the floor in the bathroom.The front desk staff was friendly, and the location from tube and major sightseeing was great, but that was about the only redeeming qualities. I would never stay a second night at this location - it needs a major renovation and cleaning.	
Jan 19 2009	The Gallery South Kensington	The location of the Gallery Hotel is very good, close to South Kensington tube, probably between 5 and 10 mins walk if strolling. Right beside museums, lots of places to have coffee or eat close by, and about 15 mins walk to the Kings Rd or knightsbridge. Excellent tube connections to Heathrow, shopping areas, Covent Garden, theatre areas, etc. Hotel bedroom very clean, did not fall into the sleek and modern by any stretch of the imagination, instead was what I'd describe as &quot;elegantly flowery&quot; and classic, clean, well serviced, well maintained and plenty of toiletries. If you wanted to be picky, you'd say that the hallway of the 3rd floor, where my room was, had paintwork that looked a bit chipped, but nothing to bother me too much. I had continental breakfast included in my rate, you could upgrade to English b'fast for £5 extra. The ladies in the breakfast room kept supply well topped up and it was all presented very nicely. The lobby area of the hotel has lovely sumptuous looking chairs. Check-in and out very smooth and quick.	
Dec 11 2008	Charming atmosphere reasonable price	Just back from a delightful visit to England - and during our 4 days in London, we opted to stay at the Gallery in South Kensington. This hotel is conveniently located near an underground station. The neighbourhood is quiet and has several lovely pubs and restaurants.The atmosphere and decor are about the best thing about the Gallery Hotel - our bedroom had a canopied bed, and a bathroom with granite counters. A bit on the older side, but delightful compared with &quot;big box&quot; hotel's standard-issue decor.The staff were pleasant and helpful - but oddly, none had a British accent. They are almost all young foreign students polishing their English. It didn't affect the quality of service, but was a bit jarring if you are looking for the whole British experience.The rooms are on the small side - and we North Americans have to get over that. They are entirely adequate - and you don't visit London to sit in your room!A word of warning - although maid service was efficient, the bedcovers were filthy! The sheets were clean, and all you had to do was throw the bedcover onto the floor - but it really should be drycleaned!The lift (elevator) was indeed very tiny, old and shaky - but again, see the big picture.Our room rate was very low for London, and I feel good value for money. But go elsewhere for breakfast!	
Dec 9 2008 	Good price above London standard	I stayed in The Gallery hotel December 2nd-6th while I was visiting my brother who lives in Harrow. It's my seventh time in London, and I've always lived in different hotels. I tend to stay in the South Kensington area as it is rather quiet and just a short walk away from the lovely Hyde Park.The Gallery hotel was definitely worth the price. I got the room very cheap with a last minute booking, although some of the TripAdvisor reviews scared me a bit. There's no reason to worry, however.Details:- The rooms are quite small, but they are clean and the cleaning service is thorough, timely and the girls are friendly.- The bathroom could use renovation, but as it was nice and clean it didn't really matter. No horrible carpets in the bathroom :)- The room was very, very warm the first night, but opening the window when I left the hotel in the morning seemed to take care of the balance for the rest of the stay.- The breakfast is a bit so-so, the continental that is included in the room fare has limited selection but will get you through the start of the day. Upgrade to a full english breakfast is available at the price of 5£.- The elevator is tiny, and it takes forever, but I walked the stairs a lot and lived through it.- The location is quite good. The hotel is across the street from the French institute, and in short walking distance (5 minutes) from both South Kensington and Gloucester Road tube stops. The Piccadilly line will take you all the way to all Heathrow terminals, so no need to fiddle with train schedules.- Check-in was swift and friendly. The booking site I used had messed up the communication with the hotel a little bit, but the resceptionist sorted it out straight away without questions or arguing.- Walking distance to the big museums in the area is 2 minutes (they're right across the street but you have to wait for the street lights :p). If you're in normal shape it'll take you 10 minutes to walk to the Queens Gate of Hyde Park (next to Royal Albert Hall).If you're looking for a top notch hotel with big rooms as in the huge hotel chains, this one is not for you. Also, for business travel I would have preferred something along the lines of a Hilton or Crowne Plaza. For a vacation trip, however, it's a good hotel and I would recommend it.	
Nov 11 2008	Noisy nights	We have just returned from a wonderful weekend in London and while The Gallery Hotel was lovely, comfortable and friendly, the room we had faced on to the street and a nightclub. As you would expect the noise from club goers was pretty bad and went on til after 2.30am two of the three nights of our stay. Now far, from being a kill joy, I spoke to the receptionists next morning and to my surprise they said they didn't know there was a club on the street. This is a fantastic part of London to stay in but do request a room at the back of the hotel.	
Oct 23 2008 	Not a safe Hotel	On arriving at the hotel to check in the staff asked me to sit down to check in, my luggage was behind me as I sat in the chair. During the check in process another person came in and wanted to check in, the clerk asked him to wait and when I finished the check in process and recieved my key, one of my bags was missing. I asked the staff if they had seen anything and they said no, but they would check the security cameras and let me know later that day. Well needless to say 3 days into my stay they said the other person did steal one of my bags, I asked if I could get a copy of the police report on my check out to file a claim with my insurance company, The morning of my departure I checked to confirm that a car was ordered to take me to the airport, and there was no record so another one was ordered. I came down and checked out and asked for my copy of the police report and the staff told me they could give me a copy of the survailance tape and I could go to the police station and file a report. I was on my way to the airport with not time to go file a report...NEVER AGAIN....I was told by one of the other staff that a lap top was stolen the week before during check in....	
Oct 23 2008 	Very good service and charming interiors!	We stayed in The Gallery for one night. Very nice service at all times we asked and also the roomservice was excellent. Very nicely interiors and very clean everywhere. Nice soaps and little guestkits in the bathroom. The beds where in good standard and also the linnen was excellent. The Gallery is at a quiet street with little traffic but only two minute walk from the underground -south kensington. We are definitly coming back to the Gallery. (Sweden tourists)	
Jun 1 2008 	Not Bad	Just returned from a 6 day stay at the Gallery Hotel. The room was small, and I feel there may be an issue with the electric. The bathroom had mold around the tub, and the breakfast area, which was in the basement smelt musty. I suffer from allergies and I am allergic to feathers, which they should state on their web page that the rooms have feather pillows. I called to see if I could get the pillow switched and was told that is all they had. This made it difficult for me.The staff was friendly and all the common areas were clean. Our room was cleaned every day , and I feel the room staff did a nice job. I wanted a true Enlgish experience and I certainly got it. I was slightly disappointed with the decor of our room. It was warm when we stayed there, so we had to open the window, no screens. It was noisy even with the windows closed we could hear all the traffic from the main road. Even with these problems, I probably would stay at the Gallery again. I do think it has some character, and would be willing to give the hotel a try again. The location was decent within walking distance to Harrods, Kennsigton Garden and Palace, V&amp; A Museum, Natural History Museum, as well as two tube stations. I felt safe in the neighborhood, and there were many reataurants along the main road. The only thing is the cost right now, since the dollar is worth so little. Most of our expenses were for food.	
May 26 2008 	Charm fantastic location	Stayed at The Gallery for 5 nights while visiting our daughter who was spending a semester in London. Quiet location in a lovely neighborhood within a short stroll to two tube stations - although we preferred walking just about anywhere from the hotel. Our room had no common walls with another and was charming and clean. The weather ranged from the high 70's to actually snowing in the few days that we were there, yet we were completely comfortable in the hotel.	
Feb 11 2008 	loved the gallery	stayed at the gallery for 1 night in feb when we had booked to see the cirque da soliel at the albert hall lovely hotel, room small but nicely decorated and very clean, bathroom also good. continental breakfast was excellent plenty of choice and good service.Location was perfect ,10 mins walk from glocuster rd tube station and 10 mins walk from albert hall it is opposite the v and a and natural history museum a great way to spend the day would highly reccomend this hotel	
Oct 1 2007 	Excellent value for location	This place is among the best you'll find for the price inside the London tourist area, specifically South Kensington. The room was a bit small, but that's typical of hotels in the area. Room was clean and well appointed, even had a safe in the closet. The hotel is old, but well kept. Just a block from the science museum, 2 blocks from the Victoria and Albert museum and a short hike to Harrod's. Among the nice bonuses are the bar adjoining the lobby, a laundromat just around the corner at the end of the block, and the South Kensington tube station is 2 blocks away. Only thing that bugged me, which is not the hotel's fault, is that all the places to eat in the area are pricey!One secret gem not to miss is the chocolate/bakery place just down the street on Harrington street, to the right.	
Aug 9 2007 	Romantic and convenient	Stayed in a 'luxury' room on top floor - large, beautifully furnished and decorated. Great old-fashioned bathroom. The public reception area and bar were also full of charm. Very convenient for South Kensington tube within 5 mins walk.Two downsides - the lift was very slow and small and no obvious stairs to use instead. And the reception staff gave us the wrong cheaper standard room first, even tho' we made a point on checking in that we had paid for a luxury room.	
Jun 12 2007 	Great location tiny room	Ideal location for several museums (V&amp;A, Museum of Science, Museum of Natural History), near South Kensington tube station, and good rate (GBP 99 per night). Room was small, as is frequently the case in London, and the (stand-alone) air conditioning unit took up floor space without actually being able to cool the room down. Bathroom wasn't bad, but I had to leave a note for housekeeping about remembering to empty the trashcan.	
Jun 11 2007	Loved Hotel Y	This hotel was by far the best that I have stayed at in London. Great Service and atmosphere.	
May 26 2007	Wouldn't stay again	The only saving grace this hotel has is its location, which is about 5 mins walk from S. Kensington tube. The hotel looks rather grand from the outside and around the reception area, however my room was shabby and felt dirty. There was a huge air conditioning machine in my room, which did not work - it was 77F outside! The bed had huge crevices in it and my bedspread had a stain on it, which quite frankly should have been thrown away as this added to the feeling that the room wasn't clean. The shower did not work; a tiny trickle of water came out from one of the holes in the shower head. I suspect that it just needed a good clean as the shower head was covered in limescale. Instead, I had to use the taps in the bath to wash myself. I certainly would not stay again or recommend it to anybody. In fact, as a British person I am quite embarrased that this hotel rates itself as a 4* hotel - what must visitors to our country think!	
May 14 2007 	Hated This Overpriced Hotel!!!	I read about this hotel in two travel books, and thought it must be kid friendly and accomodating. When we arrived, we were pleased with the location, which is the primary reason we selected the hotel. Upon first glance, the room seemed nice as well, as the bathroom was updated. However, everything went downhill from there. We had only 2 towels - no washcloths, hand towels - nothing. The shower leaked everywhere and the water would alternate from scalding to cold (fun with a baby). The bed was about 50 years old with springs coming through. The room was tiny and had no refrigerator or ammenities - just a desk and bed. The tv played 4 channels, and everything else was $20 a day to watch! The local call I made cost $15! The hotel never had anyone change our sheets or clean our room well - there was always trash in our room. No one would even hold the door for me with my stroller. The staff was rude and neglectful. Part of my perception of this is that we had just come from the Landmark London, which we paid the same price for but which is normally 4x the price - a very nice hotel. Maybe this is why this stay felt as though we were paying nearly $300 per night for the Motel 6.	
Apr 11 2007	Great old hotel but a little old	The hotel is well situated near the Natural History Museum in London. A short walking distance from Gloucester Road and South Kensington tube stations. The lobby is old victorian and is charming. The staff were friendly (and I even got a room upgrade). The room had a high ceiling and was very spacious. The drapes and baldequin are old victorian. The bathroom sports a wooden toilet seat and wooden panels.The lift is small (didn't bother me) and air conditioning is like in most english hotels: non-functioning or inexistent or noisy and inefficient.The rooms and bathroom are clean. Internet is available (supplementary). There is a safe and TV in the room. The bed mattress was a bit on the soft side for me. The rooms to the street are noisy (no double pane glazing). In some spots the paint is peeling and the water drips from the shower head. This is the case for most hotels in London.All in all I'd return to this hotel because of its charm and location.	
Mar 4 2007	Excellent choice of accomodations	Stayed 6 nights and left March 3, 2007. Perhaps because we had such an extended stay, they gave us an isolated room (#109) on the mezzanine level. It was warm and quiet, had a firm mattress, and a super clean, nice, bright bathroom with shower/tub combo. There was an Internet hookup which we didn't use and a TV with remote. We paid $200 a night and booked several weeks in advance via a website. We did not have the breakfast option. The location is wonderful: walking distance to South Kensington tube, the Natural History Museum and, most importantly, the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum where we spent 1 1/2 days; in addition, there are a lot of restaurants and cafes within walking distance--closer to the tube station. There is a bar in the lovely lobby, and they stock the daily newspapers, so you can relax there after a long tourist day. It's on a quiet side street in an area that has a number of embassies. We felt quite safe in South Kensington. Now if you want to be a Martha Stewart understudy, you could fuss over the fact that the room's wallpaper had a glue issue and the upholstery in a chair needed attention, but we were so tired by the time we got to the room that trivia like that doesn't concern us. The front desk was manned sufficiently 24 hours a day, and we are happy that out of all the London 3 star hotels, we choose this one.	
Feb 16 2007 	Great location small rooms	Stayed at the Gallery with my 10-year old son. Fantastic location for his treat - a visit to the Natural History Museum which is just across the road - and for mine - just a few minutes walk from South Kensington tube and the West End. Also good links to Gatwick airport as it is just two stops away from Victoria and the Gatwick Express. Appeared to be in a nice, safe, residential area. The hotel is small and the rooms are too in a comfortable chintzy English hotel style. Breakfast is adequate but won't set you up for the day - I ordered bacon, mushrooms and toast and got only one slice of bacon. The other choices were uninspiring cereals, buns, yoghurts and the only fruit on offer was tinned - a bit disappointing for a 4-star. Although it was great location-wise I would be wary about staying here in summer though as the air conditioning consisted of a huge machine beside the bed which sounded like roadworks when it was on and only cooled the room down for a short while before heating it up again!	
Feb 7 2007 	Really nice hotel	We stayed here for one night in Feb attending a rather lovely party at the V&amp;A. The hotel was booked for us.It was a really nice hotel to stay in. Easy to find, and a fantastic location for the museums, Hyde Park, Knightsbridge etc. The hotel was ever so slightly odd/eccentric but I just liked that. Our room (407) was a good size and really nicely decorated, with an excellent bathroom and nice toiletries. Service was helpful and prompt. My only negative would be that I ordered room service and an iron/board at approx 5.30. Both arrived very promptly and I had no complaints. When I went out at 6.30 I left both in the hall outside the door...and when we left the hotel at 5am the next morning, it was still there, which was a shame. Gutted I missed breakfast due to the early start, I think it would have been a good one. Overall though a great little hotel. I'd definitely stay there again,	
Jan 21 2007	Beautiful olde world hotel	We only stayed for one night, New Years Eve, the location was perfect. Just around the corner from a bus stop, with buses every 10 mins into the city. The Natural History Museum was just across the road, Royal Albert Hall, Victoria and Albert Museum, Hyde Park all within walking distance.We were with family and their room was quite small, but we were very lucky and had a reasonable sized room. Decor perfect.Very quaint hotel, welcoming staff - would stay there again.	
Sep 11 2006 	Quaint stay	We stayed for a weekend in this hotel. It is located in a really lovely area. The hotel overall was quaint, with an old worlde feel, which is what I like in a premises. The room was on the small side, but very cutsey with an old fashioned feel but importantly, was clean. The air conditioning unit was funny and thought it ruined the look of the room. The bathroom again was old (original old, not mock!) but everything was clean, and worked properly, the shower had good power and the bath was of adequate size. The lift was a bit tempormental and was TINY, but for me this just adds character as I am rather jaded with soulless, sterile hotels with no charm. I would reccomend this hotel if firstly, you want something traditional and has original character and secondly, you wish to stay in a nice location of London.	
Aug 14 2006 	Charming cozy hotel	I had read some bad reviews so I had some apprehension about the hotel but it turned out to be lovely. The rooms are small but this is London and all the rooms are small by American standards. The rooms are well done with nice wallpaper and draperies, the baths have a small granite countertop and granite tile walls and floor, the beds are comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful and breakfast was good. The location was great; close to the tube and safe with a number of nice little restaurants within walking distance. The lobby was wonderful, with lots of old paintings, and guests often sat a talked there for a few minutes before going out.	
Aug 5 2006 	Avoid room 402	This is my first negative hotel review ever.I spent two night in room 402. With a stand alone air conditioner and 1 chair, its 50-60 sf of living area (about 7-foot ceilings) seemed packed. I am 6'4 and kept hitting my head on the tacky chandelier over the bed. The faux period curtains obscured the one small window, adding to the feeling that you were staying in a hot, musty closet. The window would not open and the air conditioner/fan was so loud you had to double the volume to hear the TV.Overall, the experience was claustrophobic. After leaving the spacious, neat lobby (good for web photos), one enters the small, dark elevator. After several attempts to get it to work it jerkily takes you to your floor. The door opens into a tiny foyer of sorts and then you open another door to a narrow hallway leading to your room.The floor was filthy dirty and there was forgotten underwear from the previous guest welcoming me in the bathroom.	
Jun 30 2006	Good location	We enjoyed the location. In the evening, it was nice strolling the nearby streets with shops, restaurants, and nice townhomes. At first, the room we booked through Orbitz was too small to turn around in, but they were very nice about seeing the other available rooms and moving us promptly. The public rooms were very nice and the staff very helpful.	
May 23 2006	Avoid this hotel	I booked this hotel based on some positive reviews on this site. Big mistake. When I arrived, I was told the lift was broken. I was given a room on the 4th floor and told there were no others available and I had no choice but to walk up. I am not a young healthy person, I am a middle aged woman with bad knees and arthritis when I explained this to the young people at the front desk, they seemed to be snickering. By the time I made it up there, I was so pained and tired, I didn't even go out for dinner because I couldn't make that hike again. I would never have booked a hotel without an elevator.The free internet mentioned in other reviews (and in the literature in the rooms) is gone. You now have to buy time, at a rate that can best be described as insanely expensive.I would never, ever stay at this hotel again or recommend it to anyone else.	
May 15 2006	Functional but not great - with an awful lift.	Here's an opening line for a review - the lift smelt like sick. It could have been the cleaning products, or it could be worse, but by the end of our stay, my wife and I refused to take the lift (as we'd nearly fainted trying to hold our breath from top to bottom). (the stairs were a bit maze-like too, but hey - at least they didn't smell of sick!)The room was comfortable, and had everything it needed - but was very old fashioned - something which the hotel was as a whole, so in keeping with its design. The old fahioned, floral design of the rooms will appeal to many out there, and for good reason, but for a couple in their 30's off to watch some tennis and visit some nightlife, it wasn't really in keeping with our 'weekend of fun' ethos. Breakfast was very tasty, served by very friendly people, in a nice room. The staff in gerenal were polite (if a bit cold) and helped with great efficiency. Location wise, it was a good walk from Paddington to the hotel, which was really nice, and a very long walk into the centre of London (which, as the wrong shoes had been worn, wan't as nice). As we were watching tennis at the Royal Albert Hall - it was the perfect location (about 5 mins walks from it) - and the reason we picked this hotel in the first place.I think if I was my Mum, I'd have enjoyed the hotel - but it was too old fashioned for my liking, and - smelt of sick.	
May 5 2006	A delightful small hotel	The Gallery Hotel in London is charming. Rooms are small, but tastefully decorated. The staff is young, yet very friendly. Andrea Valera was most helpful at all times. The hotel is situated two blocks from the S. Kensington Tube. The neighborhood is nice: many good restauranst, especially Pauls across from the tube for morning croissants &amp; tea. I will definitely return.Diane K. BaderHollywood, FL	
Apr 30 2006	Good location mediocre accommodations	First, the location is convenient, close to an underground station (South Kensington) and an easy walk to the Victoria and Albert Museum. Booking a room by combination of telephone and e-mail was smooth. I stayed in a room with a terrace which was also nice, but the room itself was a bit on the frumpy side. The lift kept breaking down which was hugely inconvenient given I was on the 6th floor (using the American system, 5th floor European). Overall the hotel was disappointing, and I will not stay there again, nor can I recommend it for a vacation spot. In my experience hotels in London tend to be disappointing, and the Gallery Hotel was not unusual in this regard.	
Apr 23 2006 	Great Value	Got a great deal through Expedia - a standard queen double for 10 nights at approximately $1825.00. I've stayed at much more expensive hotels and also at short let apartments, paying easily three times this amount and found this to be an excellent value for the money spent. Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget. I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. Not a trace of attitude. They were very happy to provide me anything I asked for. The hotel is small but full of charm and well maintained.5 stars for cleanliness4.5 stars for staff helpfulness5 stars for location3 stars for room sizeNot provided:FridgeSlippersRobeThe hotel is about three blocks from the S. Kensington tube station (Picadilly Line), and within walking distance to The Science Museum, The Museum of Natural History, and The Victoria &amp; Albert Museum. Brompton Road is within walking distance (15 mintues to Harrod's and Harvey Nichol's) as is Kensington High street (15 minute leisurely stroll). 15 minutes to Kensington Park. The Hotel is ideally situated really, with a Tesco quickie mart, a Starbucks, Oddbins, a great news agent, and even a tanning salon and a pilates studio all near the S. Kensington tube stop. The hotel has arrangements with a fitness facility just one block away. Black cabs are plentiful in the area and easily obtained. It appears to be the favored area for French tourists as there is a French school and even a French theater not far away.The hotel itself is small. The rooms are only large enough to accomodate the bed, a desk, small dresser and two nightstands, so be prepared. I was disappointed to find that internet connectivity (wireless is available, which is nice) would cost £15 per day and even when I paid for it the connection was often down, which was very inconvenient for me as I had intended to do some work from the hotel. There is an IT guy on staff but his time is spent between three hotels and he wasn't available on the weekends so I went several days without email or the internet. The staff is extremely helpful in every way and very pleasant. I never had to ask twice for anything. Housekeeping did an excellent job. Discovered that they do not make up rooms after 2pm as the housekeepers only work until 2pm. The room was kept extremely clean and the bathroom was spotless. All towels were replenished daily, including washcloths which is unusual for a London hotel to even provide washcloths. Inexpensive body gel, shampoo and lotion are provided. The shower was pretty powerful and there was loads of hot water. The tub was very clean and great for soaking. The handheld shower was too powerful to use comfortably. Excellent hair dryer with lots of power and heat. There is no fridge in the room though reception sent someone up with a full ice bucket whenever I requested it. There is a safe in the wardrobe. The pillows were great - two flat pillows and two fluffy pillows were provided so I found the perfect combination. The sheets were somewhat scratchy and the mattress harder than I like. There was a floor standing air conditioning unit. I had a room next to the elevator and the elevator door was a bit noisy as it banged shut. Otherwise the hotel was quiet. No street noise to speak of. There is a sitting area on the first floor near reception. And a bar. And although there was never a bartender on duty per se, the receptionist said that if I wanted a drink she'd have a bar tender come right up from the kitchen. There is a restaurant in the basement that served English breakfast but I did not eat there. There are loads of excellent restaurants in the area so there was no need. There is a room service menu that is limited but the sandwiches, burgers and pasta are perfect for a late night snack. In the dresser I found an electric teapot and teabags and instant coffee (ugh!) along with a tea service for two.	
Mar 21 2006	A place to take your mistress	Was a little disappointed with this hotel as I was expecting more .It has a good location and friendly staff however being just off the A4 its very noisy especially as all these georgian houses arent allowed double glazing so if your a light sleeper its not the best place.The room was also small but then again this is london. However it didnt seem that well maintained and was coming apart and not very clean especially bathroom.The decor of the place tried to give it a very old grand british feel but came across as quite fake and put on just for the tourists.Overall found the place a little seedy - a great place for a dangerous liason with the secretary but thats about it really . For the price you can probably get much better	
Mar 11 2006	Gallery Hotel A Great Stay	I am an American who prefers big sleek modern hotels as Americans often do, so I was a little nervous about this one because it is small and quaint. I shouldn't have worried. The staff were eager to please even getting us ice and champagne glasses at 3 in the morning. They took photocopies for us, they called cabs for us etc. They didn't tell me where to eat, but you know, when I am in LONDON I don't need a desk clerk to tell me how to entertain myself. The maid service was excellent. The room was small, but nicely appointed and had a comfortable bed and the bathroom was nice. The place is clean, with a nice charming lobby and has a great location in South Kensington.	
Mar 10 2006	The Gallery Hotel is GREAT!	Stayed at the Gallery Hotel for 5 nights and loved every moment of it. The hotel is GREAT and the staff is very capable and wonderful. I Would recommend this hotel 10 times over. It is very near to the Tube, less than 5 mins walk to the South Kensington stop and close to some of London's best museums.Stay here if you are visiting LONDON. Really would recommend this hotel,it is in a very good location and it is a great little hotel.	
Feb 26 2006	Bait and Switch	Having previously stayed at the Gallery and been very satisfied, we booked the Gallery again by prepaying last November on-line for a four night stay this February. Arriving at 10 PM at the Gallery we were told that they had no record of our pre-paid reservation (despite a written confirmation from the on-line booking agent) and then ushered us across the street to another, less favorable sister hotel. The other hotel told us we were the fourth guest to be &quot;banished&quot; from the Gallery that day. So while the Gallery may still be a fine hotel, a pre-paid reservation may not be sufficient for you to find out.	
Feb 20 2006	Great Location	Loved the location of this hotel (2 blocks from South Ken. tube), but was initially a little difficult to find when walking from the tube station. Nice rooms, hard beds, flat pillows, great bath/shower. Staff was polite, however they not overly personable or friendly. Good restaurants nearby (pizzeria and Khan's of Kensington). Skip the hotel's breakfast and head for the patisserie by the tube instead. Nice coffee and tea service in-room.	
Feb 2 2006	Convenient friendly comfortable 	Ideally situated, very close to bus stops and South Ken tube but in a quiet residential road (right opposite the Natural History Museum). Windows that open, blackout curtains, good heating, constant hot water and a very comfortable bed. The room wasn't that big but had all we needed. Staff were polite, friendly and very helpful - we especially liked the two Hungarian breakfast waiters. The basement sitting room has William Morris decor and Arts &amp; Crafts furniture. We recommend this hotel, it's a little gem and we will be returning again and again. Loraine &amp; Ross	
Jan 26 2006	Perfect location and very cute hotel	The Gallery Hotel is situated in such a perfect location in South Kensingtion that offered us the opportunity to move without taking the subway. In 100 mettres there is the Natural History museum and Victoria and Albert. Harrods is in 300 m, Harvery Nichols 500 m and after that Sloane street. Even when we decided to have a drink at Mandarin Oriental bar we actually walked there. The hotel is very beautiful also. The lobby takes you to other times, Victorian times, the staff is extremely friendly and the cleanliness is above average. The bathrooms also are very spacious and clean. We recommend to reserve an executive room because the standard doubles are very small. It is a place that we all definetely come back and it is fully recommended.	
Jan 15 2006	Fair Value	The Gallery Hotel is well located; fairly close to a tube station and close to the V&amp;A Museum and National History Museum. A fair walk to Victoria Station. The room we had was well appointed and clean; however it was quite small, barely enough room to get around the bed. It was very quiet though. As a negative the hotel allows smoking in the lounge. Breakfast was included and quite good. All in all it was fair value for its location in London (We had a discount).	
Jan 3 2006	Excellent location!	I took my girlfriend to this hotel on New Years Eve so a little impressing was on the cards...it worked. The hotel has various artworks throughout, as an art student when I was at college this was certainly a good thing. Close to the Natural History Museum, tube station and a beautiful church at the end of the street. The food was lovely from the burgers to the sandwiches. (Of which a gentleman kindly made for us at 2am on New Year!) Yes...I tipped him. The only qualm I have about this hotel is how hot our room was, counteracted however by a godsend of an air conditioning unit in the room. All in all a great hotel and great location. I booked this hotel through Click4Hotel and found the price the best after shopping around.	
Nov 29 2005	Wonderful!	Just returned from a weekend in London staying at The Gallery Hotel in South Kensington. I chose this hotel for 2 reasons. #1 was the good reviews on this site and # 2 was because I wanted someplace very close to the person I was surprising!My future daughter in law who is currently student teaching in London!The hotel was just perfect for our needs. We had a triple (3 good sized twins) and a lovely bathroom. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. The room did get pretty chilly at night but made for great sleeping conditions. They had 2 engineers there the day we left working on the heating system.The location of this hotel is excellent. We were 2 blocks from the South Kensington tube stop, with direct access to Heathrow. We actually used the tube both directions and it was very easy. Only 1 section of stairs. Also, our breakfast was included with the price. We paid 150 pounds per night which was very acceptable for a lovely place and a fantastic location. Harrods was a 7 minute walk and the area is very safe.I would recommend this hotel highly. I have stayed at many hotels in London and this one is a gem!	
Jun 29 2005	great price service and location	This was my fourth trip to London (May 2005) in as many years and the Gallery Hotel was by far the best hotel I've ever stayed in while in London. Physically, the hotel was very clean and polished, and located very close to two different tube stops, Gloucester Road, and I forget the name of the other tube stop. From the front desk to housekeeping, the staff was very nice and helpful with anything I needed. I did not utilize the hotel's restaurant so I can't comment on that. The room was fairly small (that's exactly the norm for London) but extremely clean. Bathroom was also very clean and the facilities worked perfectly. I shopped aggressively for a good deal on price, so I know what I was getting relative to the other three hoels I've stayed in. In the end there was NO comparison; I'll never go anywhere but the Gallery whenever I'm in London	
Jun 17 2005	Just what we wanted...	I stayed here for two nights in early june as a graduation celebration with my boyfriend as part of a package we had found on their site. As per the previous review, i had read the reviews on this site and found that although the room was smaller than american standards, was just fine for us despite a little road noise in the mornings!The public areas (breakfast room and lounges) of the hotel were lovely and the room was clean and comfortable. Best of all, the location was perfect, couldn't have asked for any better! right on the doorstep of all the museums and shops. Part of the package was an included ticket to the london eye, which the staff were very helpful with and booked for us. All the staff i spoke to were foreign however, so if you are looking for local knowledge, they weren't the best to ask although all of them were helpful and polite. I would also second the recommendation of the gelato shop opposite Kyber Pass in the street accross from where the hotel is situated!!!! Would definatly stay at this hotel again	
Mar 30 2005	The Gallery Hotel South Kensington	We stayed there last fall, only because rooms of sister property, The Gainsbrough were not AC, as comfirmed at time of reservation. Room overlooking street ok for 2 of us ,tight with child and roll away. Bathroom average to small.Hotels in general need to clean and get rid of the dust build up I saw on very high ceilings and heating unit.Breakfast good. Nice puplic rooms. Helpful staff.	
Feb 21 2005	No suprises	We stayed here 5 nights January 2005. Excellent location with a short walk to South Ken tube and two major museums and shopping. BTW, South Ken tube is an excellent tube stop to be near, its on 3 underground lines, in a safe, &quot;posh&quot;, neighborhood, and just a few stops away from wherever you want to be.Unfortunately, London is an expensive town to stay in a hotel and what seems like a lot of money for modest lodgings is what you'll have to pay to stay in this town. The reception and service was very friendly, polite and responsive, but they were not very well informed about the nearby neighborhood. For example, we asked if there was nearby grocery store or convenience store and they didn't know. (It turns out there were several stores nearby). Polite and friendly scores big with me, and I always explore the area around the hotel on my own anyway. Breakfast service was efficient, the food was a typical English breakfast, eggs, sausage, bacon, potatoes, mushrooms, baked beans, tomato, toast, coffee and juice. Enough calories to fuel long walks.  The public areas of the hotel had plenty of charm. Our room was small by American standards, but normal by European. The bathroom was larger than some other english hotels I've stayed at.This was our 4 visit to london and our 4th hotel. We would stay here again, but we enjoy &quot;discovering&quot; other small charming hotels.	
Dec 21 2004	Great family break	I did my research about this hotel and knew in advance that the rooms aren't huge and was aware that a few of the past reviewers had moaned about service levels.Fortunately, our two rooms were fine - very nicely furnished (even had a filter coffee maker in the rooms), plus one had a small terrace (307), but to be honest, they are a little tight for space (but this is a minimal gripe).However, service, in my opinion, was excellent - attentive, informative and interested - we were really pleased.Something that doesn't come out from the reviews is the location - it is great.Less than five minutes from South Kensignton tube; literally a few minutes from the Natual History Museum and the V&amp;A; walk west for 15 minutes (or catch a bus or cab of course) and you are in Kensington High Street - a shopper's paradise, or walk east 15 minutes in the opposite direction and you arrive at Harrods! A £12 cab ride took us to St Pauls Cathedral.I was there for two nights and had two rooms for my family ( wife, grandmum and two boys, 2 and 6). Admittedly, it was pretty quiet I think, but the hotel lobby and Morris Room gave it a real homely feel and this suited us perfectly.Will definitely return.	
Aug 16 2004	Great Little Hotel	My family stayed at the Gallery the first week in August. It is a great little hotel in a fantastic location. South Kensington tube station was only 3 blocks away with 3 different tube lines running through it. A full English breakfast is included in the price. The eggs were great. The toast was extraordinary. The hotel has a lot of charm. There were five of us in our party so we needed two rooms. My mother and my two children slept in a triple; my wife and I had another room. The one complaint that I would make is the air conditioning. The a/c in the room my kids were in was not powerful enough for the room. Ours was fine once we learned how to work it. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were good size for England. We would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 25 2004	great location but...		
Jan 8 2004	Don't buy the hype!		
Dec 25 2003	Enchanting in South Ken		
Oct 14 2003	Great Location/Pleasant stay		
Oct 2 2003	So Disappointed on Second Visit		
Sep 10 2003	We will do it again!		
Aug 28 2003	A mixed bag		
Jul 4 2003	In the Heart of It All		
Jul 2 2003	Great until the last night		
Jun 30 2003	Great Value and Central Location		
Jun 30 2003	?????????????????		
Aug 16 2009 	klein und fein		
Jun 18 2009 	charmée..		
Feb 18 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 18 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 15 2009 	??????????		
Sep 10 2008 	Da evitare se possibile		
