Nov 12 2009 	Great hotel in a good spot - ideal for sight seeing and more!	Booked the night before driving down to London - last minute idea for a long weekend.The drive down from the north west was very easy and stress-free. The hotel was also very easy to find. Arrived at the hotel at 5 past 2 and checked in straight away. Chose to stay in a &quot;club room&quot; which is just like a double room but with less empty space. More than ideal for what we wanted it for.The communal areas and the room were smart and clean and looked to be recently decorated. There was a TV on the wall but we didn't stay in the room long enough to use it for more than as background noise before we went out.The bed was good, the sheets clean. Bathroom was great. Clean with a good shower.A tray with tea, coffee and hot choc with a kettle was in the room. Towels were fresh and clean. No thing really to detract.I could even see my car in the car park from our window. Free parking too! Just what I was after.The hotel was just down the road from Wimbledon town centre which had lots of shops of all kinds. So if you get hungry, bored or want a new top for the evening, you needn't worry. And Wimbledon train and tube station was less than 10 minutes walk from the hotel. Perfect!We only stayed one night but could have easily stayed in the same room for a few more days. Storage space (shelves, etc) in the room was good and even a light sleeper like me slept well.We checked out the next day without any fuss or faff. I even asked to stay in the car park as it looked very secure to me. An extra £12 charge was asked for but that was ok as I didn't have to worry about the car until we were ready to leave again.All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit London or Wimbledon especially if you are driving down.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect Hotel friendly staff	The hotel is perfect for me, the free parking was an added bonus, not a huge parking area so those that arrived late would not be able to get a space, it was only a five minute walk in to the main area of Wimbeldon shops and the tube in to town.Takes about 30 minutues on the tube to get in to London on the tube.The room was clean and spacious, though we did get given a bigger room than we had paid for, I did see another small double while I was there which looked the size of a shoebox, overall though I thought the hotel was ace and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 21 2009 	fantastic weekend - thankyou Antoinette hotel	I organised a break in London for my husband's birthday and took our baby away with us for the first time! Needless to say we were a bit nervous. I have to thank the Antoinette for all their help - They helped us find restaurants / sorted our transport and gave us lots of baby-related help! They were extremely accomdating with a young child and made the whole experience very easy. The location of the hotel is spot on for restaurants / theatre / Wimbledon shopping and lovely common and it is really easy to get into london. We got to do london in a 4 star hotel without the central London price tag! We had a lovely room - really spacious and had a nice en suite. It was also very handy as the hotel has a really stylish restaurant next door where we went for my husbands birthday - the staff made a real fuss of him and the food was great. It was very reasonably priced but we got a discount as hotel guests and it was great not having to go very far (esp with a little one!)to find a good restaurant. We had a really fantastic weekend away and my husband loved his birthday so a big thankyou to the staff as we were quite demanding guests!	
Sep 1 2009 	Forget it	This is a handy hotel in terms of location and free parking. But we were assured our room's en suite would have a bath and it didn't. We were warned there was a wedding on but assured they'd find a room for us away from the noise of the wedding - they didn't, and we heard everything. The room was completely basic as well. I can't see how it gets 1 star, let alone the 3 they claim it's worth.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location good value for money would recommend	It is very rare that you find a hotel in a great location to travel to London at reasonable prices. We found the hotel by chance and managed to book late on the Thursday for that weekend and it was at a reasonable price.The room was spacious, I think they call it a superior double complete with balcony and it had plenty of room for the two of us. The reviews written are correct in that it is clean, modern and newly refurbished. The staff were friendly and welcoming and if I was looking for fault it would be the size of the lift, ok for one person and luggage. We didn't try the adjoining restaurant as we got back to the hotel late but the menu looks good and is also reasonably priced.We would definately stay here again and would recommend as good value for money for the location.	
Jul 22 2009 	Lovely relaxed modern hotel	My partner and I visited the Antoinette Wimbledon for 3 nights during July. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful especially when recommending local amenities such as taxi’s and restaurants. The Antoinette has a restaurant which offers 10% of the bill for hotel guests….perfect for our late arrival and the food was lovely.Rooms were clean, comfortable and airy and the décor new and modern. Our only criticism we had was that we found breakfast was fairly busy (probably because of Wimbledon Tennis and the hotel was full) and there were times when the lift was a bit tight! Otherwise we would highly recommend this hotel and will not think twice of booking in the future.	
Jun 24 2009 	We would suggest you avoid this hotel	The rooms at the front of this hotel are on a busy noisy road making sleep impossible. We had booked two nights and when we complained the first morning, the receptionist said we should have asked for a back room. If we wanted a back room, and to sleep that night, we needed to pay a lot extra. If we cancelled, we would lose half the cost of the room. Both rooms were small and basic. The second room was quiet.We were told that the attached restaurant had a 10% discount for hotel patrons. The restaurant also has a 15% mandatory tip!	
Jan 13 2009 	Renovated into Sterility	Stayed at Antoinette because usual hotel in Wimbledon was full. The place is fine, the room was extra large (I had a Double Superior) and featured a large balcony with a limited view. BUT, there was NO character whatsoever, no charm, no warmth, to the newly renovated room. While the carpet, bed, and furniture were brand new and very clean, there was only 1 picture on the wall and there were no lamps, only dimly lit overhead lights. I would say it was Swedish sparse, but that would insult Swedish design. The bathroom again was newly redone, but the shower sprayed all over the floor even with the plastic half-wall in place, using up the skimpy, cheap towels to clean it up. The room is poorly laid out, with the TV perched high on the wall and far from the bed. There are few hangers (and only shirt hangers at that) and no drawers, plus no place to put my suitcase, so I ended up laying my suitcase on the sofa and my clothes spread about everywhere, including my suits. It was not a dreadful place, I've been in much worse, but they would do well to add some better lights and nicer towels - and maybe another picture on the cavernous, barren walls.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great Value and Location	My husband and I stayed here on a Saturday night and we paid £75 for the room. In London we consider this to be an absolute bargain.Our room was large and very comfortable with a balcony and flat screen television which had a large number of channels. The room and bathroom were very clean and the shower was very good with good pressure and hot water. The central heating meant the room was lovely and warm.The staff were friendly and efficient and organised a taxi for us. The free parking is also a great bonus in London. The hotel is a five minute walk from a shopping area and there are a large number of bars and restaurants very close by. We considered £9.50 too expensive for the hotel breakfast, however there were plenty of great local options nearby.Overall, we had a comfortable room and the free parking and location made this great value. We would happily stay there again.	
Oct 5 2008 	Smart clean modern 	A modern well priced welcoming hotel in Wimbledon. A lift rises from the ground floor but disabled guests might have trouble with the changes in level of the passageways from which the rooms open. The rooms themselves are reasonably sized and very clean and have a modern bathroom. Satellite TV and free WiFi is available, although at the time of my stay the WiFi (bizarrely) only worked for Vista users. The room was quiet and the bed comfortable. Breakfast was also good with a choice of cooked or continental. I will certainly use this hotel again.	
Aug 12 2008 	Better after renovation	Looking at the previous reviews there seems no doubt that this hotel has benefitted greatly from it's renovation. Everything was clean, fresh and new. The room was good, overlooking the Broadway, with decent air conditioning (the window needed to be closed in order to sleep). Flat-screen TV on wall, altogether a decent room. Shower good - take your time to get the temp right because it gets hot. Front desk staff ok. Cleaner knocked and entered room one second later - bad habit, especially at 9 in morning - but this was the only slight negative during stay.I got a £45 sunday rate for a single room through a website. At this price the hotel is absolutely exceptional. Generally I'd say it would be decent value up to about £70 for a single. Certainly it was a lot better than the previous reviews led me to expect.	
Aug 7 2008 	Budget Hotel at Premium Prices	Stayed here on business and so glad I wasn't paying the bill. The hotel has been recently refurbished, but obviously on a tight budget. I had exec room with balcony - the room was clean, bed clean and comfortable, new flat screen tv , but generally souless - travelodge style furniture, low quality tea/coffee on hospitality tray, no minibar or fridge. Bathroom was clean,plenty of hot water but the towels were small and low quality.At £9.50 the breakfast was a complete rip-off, they boast a buffet with 90 items to choose from - thats a joke. Tinned fruit, no croissants or pain au chocolat, cooked breakfast not that great. This is a hotel which loves to use economy branded products but charge high prices. And don't be tempted to ask for a cafe latte - that'll set you back £3.50 for a cup !The staff were friendly and welcoming. Not much choice of hotel in Wimbledon so will be coming back due to business commitments but will buy breakfast offsite and get my coffee from Starbucks !	
Jul 11 2008 	Avoid	This hotel has gone through a massive renovation. Lots of money spent and it has improved. The new decor in the reception is cheap and tacky although the rooms are much better. But the room cost £144 plus £9.50 for breakfast. However, the rooms only had six coat-hangers.There was a problem as the showers would only run on boiling hot and while the management kindly sent up a bowl of fruit to apologise, it was delivered next door - and I never actually saw it.There is no longer a gym at the hotel and while you can use Wimbledon's YMCA, it took me 20 mins to register.When the hotel was the Wayfairer the staff were experienced and kknowledgeable - now virtually they all struggle with their English and are unable to help with details of the area.I saw a couple of other occasions when they could not help their guests with simple demands.If you are working in Wimbledon and need a stop over then fine, but anything more than that, I would avoid at all costs.	
Jun 23 2008 	Ordinary	We decided to select The Antoinette based on cost and the fact that there are very few alternatives in the SW19 area. The hotel promised much but delivered very little. Our main difficulty was the communication problems experienced with staff. We know London is a cosmopolitan city but surely we should be able to communicate with each other effectively. Service was brisk and unwelcoming and didn't improve at any time during our two night stay, we thought this was due to language barriers.The hotel seems to be undergoing a refurbishment with associated difficulties for guests. Overall a basic experience but our time in Wimbledon was pleasant despite the hotel selection.	
Feb 7 2008 	Great Location 	I recently stayed at the hotel for 1 night, a great location especially as I was travelling into London, Wimbledon train station is only 10 minutes walk, past all the tempting shops in the Broadway.The staff on reception were very presentable and polite and the reception area was pleasant with lots of seating which was great as my friend was meeting me and we could stop for a coffee.I got chatting to the receptionist as you do and she explained that the hotel was undergoing some refurbishment so I was prepared for some disturbance but as I was out during the day this did not bother me at all.My room was quite old fashioned but no problems, I would definitely stay again, especially as the rooms will probably be all refurbished soon.Breakfast is not included in the price of the hotel stay but this is the norm at most hotels these days. A great stay and great value for a hotel near London.	
Feb 7 2008 	Fantastic Hotel and Location	I stayed at the Antoinette on a two day business trip, and was warmly greeted by the staff , who explained that the hotel was going through a complete re-fit, The reception was well laid out, and the staff were welcoming, the food was excellent ... All in all no problems ...No worries!!! its in a great location so will definitely stay there again!!James from Bath.	
Jan 28 2008 	Flatters to Deceive!	We just stayed there this weekend to see friends who lived nearby. On arrival, the hotel looks clean and modern with plenty of pleasant staff on reception. We were alllocated a room and given directions via the lift. FYI the lift can only just fit two people in with very little luggage, not good if you're claustrophobic. As we progressed along the corriders the hotel began to show its true colours. It is tired, dated and unclean. And that's just the corridors! Unfortunately, it didn't get any better when we reached our room. The bed is very hard, the carpet dirty, the windows and doors do not fit their casings. The shower (no bath) had mould inside the cubicle and the towels were less than white. Fortunately, we didn't spend long in the room. We paid £79 for the room and this did not include breakfast which was £9.50 each extra. We didn't bother as you can get an EXCELLENT breakfast at Reds cafe (about 100yds down the road) for less than £6. Also, the parking is limited at the hotel so I would recommend getting there early to secure your space.	
Nov 13 2007 	Excellent location in Wimbledon	My wife and I recently planed a trip to London, we wanted to stay out side of the centre (mainly due to costs, but also to see a bit of the surrounding areas). We opted to stay in Wimbledon as there is good links to the centre (both mainline and the underground). Having trawled the internet we found the Antoinette Hotel, the prices seemed reasonable and locality to the station seemed ideal.Well, we were pleased with our choice, the hotel is undergoing a complete refit, but this did not impact on our stay at all. The room was of a good size, very clean and had everything we needed. It was situated only a 10 minuet walk to Wimbledon station – and only 5 minutes from South Wimbledon tube station. The staff were very attentive and there was even on site parking (a bonus so close to London).	
Nov 6 2007 	don't go there!!!	staff were friendly and informative. The hotel was of a very poor standard. The first room we were in had mould on the ceilings and windows and all round the bath. The window was broken and it was boiling hot. The toilet was not clean!! We changed rooms , and this one was better but the decor was very tired. We were greeted by building work in the reception which was quite noisy in the morning. Even for London standards it was way over priced. Do not believe what you see on the website, I don't know where they got those pictures from but they definitley weren't taken in that hotel!!!	
Sep 30 2007 	enjoyed stay	Comfortable bed and staff v. friendly - will be returning as close to work, look forward to eating in the new restaurant	
Sep 17 2007 	Avoid this place hopefully the renovation will improve it.	To confirm what the previous reviewer said, Hotel Antionette used to be the Wayfairer hotel and is currently in the process of renovation. Upon walking into the lobby you are confronted with a construction site with people moving furniture and making repairs. I arrived at 9am after an international flight and train/tube ride down to South Wimbledon. I was told that check in was at 2pm. I asked if they could check to see if something was avaiable which the receptionist wasn't eager to do. Thanks however to the other employee there at the time who volunteered to look for me and found me a room. Well the room I got was much less than what the previous reviewer enjoyed. I had a tiny single bedroom, with decor right out of the 70's. The bed felt equally as old and my feet hung over the end. The bathroom was carpeted and smelt of mold. There was no remote for the small tv. I also found that no internet access was available. I paid 79 pounds for the room and breakfast (delivered to the room) was 9 pounds 50. Upon leaving the next day, I saw that they already replaced the furniture that I was sitting on the day before with mdern looking chairs and couches, however I wonder if they intend to replace the old and worn green carpetting? The only positive about this hotel is that it's pretty close to the tube station (wimbledon south) and there looks to be a few interesting restaurants nearby. I imgaine this hotel will improve following it's renovation but I don't think I'd ever want to return, shame that there really isn't much other option in that area or near St George's hospital in Tooting.	
Sep 13 2007 	Not recommended	The Antoinette Wimbledon has just been taken over by Antoinette hotels and used to be called the Wayfairer. I stayed there for two nights in September because I wanted to be near St Georges Hospital in Tooting and the only room available anywhere in the area at short notice was the suite at The Antoinette. The cost was £242 per night - approximately the same as a similar sized suite at the Ritz Carlton in Sarasota. Unlike the Ritz Carlton, full payment for the room has to be made on registration.First the postive things. The hotel has a small indoor pool and its own free car park. The suite was a good size - around 700 sq ft at a guess - and had a very solid feeling floor. The bed was large and comfortable. There were coffee making facilities in the room and two televisions (one of them in the bathroom), and there was a small fridge (but no mini bar). The toilet was a separate room off the bathroom; there were plenty of towels. There was a wall mounted air con unit - although I didn't test whether it worked. The hotel was relatively quiet and looks pleasant from the outside.Now the negatives. The suite has a full width window at one end. Unfortunately, literally two feet in front of it is a high brick wall so there is no view and little natural light; consequently the room has a dingy feel which isn't helped by the low power light bulbs. At the other end of the suite the bathroom and toilet have windows overlooking Wimbledon Broadway.The decor and furniture were old fashioned and very tired with lots of scuff marks. The bath was a shell shaped, two person jacuzzi bath with peeling trim and overhead shower nozzle. A notice taped to the bathroom door warned me the jacuzzi didn't work. The shaver socket didn't work either. On my second morning there was no hot water in the shower.The tick of the wall clock and the noise of the fridge running disturbed my sleep the first night, but the second night I was too tired to notice them. A bigger problem was the sound of the lift which is located right next door (the lift shaft actually occupies one walled off corner of the room) and which woke me up early both mornings and kept me awake late.There were two small holes in the ceiling which looked as if they'd been made when someone stuck a screwdriver into the plaster to test its solidity.The hotel is in the process of a much needed renovation so is something of a building site - and looks as if it will be that way for a considerable time. Nobody warned me about this when I booked by phone and there was nothing about it on the hotel web site. (In fairness, I would have stayed there regardless because there was nowhere else available.) Owing to the renovation, the restaurant was closed so the only breakfast on offer was through room service. I didn't take up the offer but it was a reasonably priced £9.50 for as many items as you wanted from a short menu.I managed to get into the small car park both nights, but on my first morning I found myself blocked in by someone attending a mother and toddler session in the hotel pool. I had to wait twenty minutes for her to reluctantly get dressed and move her car. The next morning I had no problem getting out.Although the hotel advertises its well equipped gym, when I went to investigate, I found half a dozen bits of basic equipment in an attic style room with a ceiling so low I decided not to risk the solitary jogging machine for fear of banging my head (I'm 6' 3&quot;). When I went to look at the pool, there was a sign saying &quot;Out of order&quot;.The sun deck was sunny with wooden benches and chairs but had an abandoned air about it. I had it all to myself.	
