May 8 2009 	Horrific!	Room still had previous guest's belongings in the room. They said they would clean it but all they did was take out the guests shoesand bags leaving the used sheets towel and soap. I walked around the corner and booked at the Comfort Inn instead. Do NOT book at the Ivy. The Holly House Hotl is the same hotel. Don't be taken in by the lownprice. Stay at a hostel for the same price but without the stained, moldy, and smelly bathroom and horrible room!	
Feb 2 2008 	You get what you pay for	I booked at this hotel (again before joining TripAdvisor and reading any reviews!) for one night. The pictures on the website look nothing like the actual hotel. I was looking for something cheap and I found it in all respects. I paid 29 pounds for a single en suite. When I arrived I paid at the security window (no lobby) and got a room in the basement across from the dining room. Instead of one single bed there were actually two, along with a teeny tiny bathroom (smallest I've ever seen), a television and a mini fridge. The beds and towels appeared to be clean but the floor was pretty filthy and there were air fresheners dotting the room. I noticed right away that there was an apparatus on the wall that beeped every few minutes. I went back upstairs and got a gentleman to come check and it turned out to be a carbon monoxide detector with failing batteries. Instead of replacing the batteries, he just removed the detector from the room. I was traveling solo and the lock on the door appeared flimsy so I pulled the second bed in front of the door that night. Despite its small size the shower was strong and hot. Breakfast was simple, cornflakes and toast. There was no hairdryer available. Employees unfriendly and unhelpful. I would not stay there again.	
Jun 25 2007	Awful	Well I couldnt even bear to stay there so I lost £80. Booked for 2 nights and I stupidly paid on arrival as I was asked. The carpet was filthy, the bathroom was a cupboard and when I moved the bed away from the wall the skirting board was caked in what looked like sick!! No way could I sleep, shower or eat there!!	
Dec 5 2006	hated it	this hotel is the most disgusting thing i have ever stayed at i arrvied thinking it was going to be a nice relaxing weekend to hear the noise of the train station, drunken young people in the room next door, no shower, well what wos a shower was more a bath that you had to sit down in to get a shower the cleaner was still cleaning up after the last people even though it was 12.00 and the booking in time was 11.00.DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Sep 11 2006	Do NOT stay here!	Whatever you do, do not stay here. The hotel's website completely misrepresents the rooms. When you walk in, the lobby has a security window and they make you pay right away. Walking up to the rooms is scary, but not as bad as the rooms themselves. HORRIBLE. Dirty rooms with carpets and bedsheets that haven't been washed in years. A terrible sense of unsafety. The staff are horrible, and hotel management are, conveniently, never there. Trust me, do not stay here.	
Jul 31 2006 	what a horror!!!	When we arrived at the hotel, the receptionist looked at our booking confirmation and sayd &quot;oh, you have a basic double room you can upgrade your room for GBP 10 per night (is Euro 15 per night)&quot; Luckily we were already warned for these procedure, so we had asked our agent for a email, stating that we booked a room with private bathroom. OK he said, you get a beautiful room in the Ivy Guest house, because the Annexe hotel has no private bathrooms (huh???!!!!, I thought that was exactly what I had booked.....) So we went to our room, well you could better say we went to our closet. Immediately after I saw the room, I understood why we had to pay for the 2 nights in advance, before we could see the room. The bed was 120cm by 190 or 200cm. There was an airconditioning, but this was only giving hot air, because it was so dirty with dust and so was the fan. The carpet had not been cleaned for I guess 3 years. The bathroom was 5 feet (my lady feet....) square. The shower compartment in there was 2 feet x 3 feet. Because it was so tiny, the whole bathroom became wet after 1 person had a shower .The room was VERY hot. Ofcourse London was hot too this July, but this was not normal. The location is perfect - right at Victoria station, but we had a room at the back, so we could almost touch the trains from our window. They ran till 1.30 or 2 at night, and started at 4.50hrs again. As you can understand, together with the heat, we did not sleep very well. The breakfast was OK: cornflakes with milk, toast, jams marmelade and butter. We paid Euro 73.- per night, but if you ask me what the room was worth, I would say not more than Euro 15 per night. If we had not paid in advance, (no refund....) we would have gone to another hotel. Now we said to each other This is only for 2 nights. keep on smiling.....	
Jul 31 2006 	Worst Hotel ever!!!!!!!!!	I would honestly say this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We arrived and our room wasn't clean the cleaner was still in there picking up all the beer cans littering the floor. The room was so small with 2 single beds crammed in and a bathroom that was a practically a cupboard built in the corner of the room which was disgusting. The shower if you can call it that was just a shower head with no shower tray or anything with a grid on the floor for drainage. We felt cleaner not bothering having a shower god only know what you would have contracted! Our room was at the back of the hotel facing on to Victoria train station so if you are looking for a peaceful nights sleep you aren't going to get it all you hear is the squeeking of the trains grinding to a halt and the windows shaking in there frames.JUST DON'T GO TO THIS HOTEL!!!!!	
Mar 13 2006 	Worst hotel ever	Bedroom was dusty, window was broken, draught coming in from somewhere around the window frame, empty air freshener dispensers dotted around room and bathroom. Bathroom was appalling - extremely tiny and very difficult to use for showering or using the toilet. Everything looked like someone with zero DIY skills had had a go at making and fixing the fixtures and fittings. The breakfast must have been prepared on the lowest budget possible. It was so dreadful that I checked out after one night although I had prepaid for two nights and could not get a refund.	
Nov 12 2004	Terrible Hotel	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone! We booked online from Canada and when we got there the room was disgusting! It was dirty, and the facilities were awful. The bedding looked like it belonged in the Salvation Army not in a hotel. The carpets were filthy as well. Within 10 minutes of being there, I was bitten by a bug on the bed. We immediately checked out, and were made to pay for the night even though we had only been there 1/2 hour at the most and were also charged a 60 pound internet booking fee (whatever that is). Do not book at this hotel, you will be sorry if you do!	
Nov 9 2004	not so nice for the price!	I went there last week end ( 6&amp;7 november 2004). we were 4, and had book a month before 2 double rooms at the &quot;Annexe Hotel&quot;. Once there the guy told us he had a problem and that he only got 1 family room at the Ivy Hotel, which is just near the Annexe hotel, in the same street. We had no choice, so we first visit it...it was not really nice, the bathroom was very small, only toilets and a kind of shower. Beds were ok, but it was written on it, great... and the wallpapers were awfull, 4 differents wallpapers for the same room. It was clean enough, but for the price it's not what I was expected to get. And the guy did not want to make us a price...I mean we were suposed to get 2 rooms...The breakfast was ok, toasts, jam, butter, cereals,coffee, tea, orange juice, but the kitchen room is very small, so you have to get up early to get a place before it's full.	
Nov 21 2009 	Ivy house Londres		
Oct 14 2009 	Mai entrati		
Sep 30 2009 	Ci vuole molto spirito d'adattamento		
Jul 4 2009 	Bruyant		
Jun 22 2009 	Hotel perfetto!		
Jan 1 2009 	????		
Dec 5 2008	Desastroso e irrepetible!!!!!		
Nov 15 2008 	cheap'n'dirty		
Jul 19 2008 	Ivy-House Hotel an der Grenze der Zumutbarkeit		
Jan 12 2006	Desastre de hotelito		
