Oct 26 2009 	Keep away!	Cheap…yes, worth it…NO! You can't fault the hotel for cheapness, however when you pay £30 you don't expect to get your 3 rooms robbed within 10 minutes of you leaving the premises!!!The staff were incredibly unhelpful, the rooms are small and the bed uncomfortable, but we did not get to experience it fully as we checked in at 14.50, put our bags in the rooms and left to go to have dinner before the evenings birthday celebrations! Within minutes of us leaving the CCTV caught a Caucasian male, slim, balding, with a backpack enter the hotel via a master key for the front door which ONLY the staff have, he SUSPICIOUSLY went into our 3 rooms perhaps knowing we had just left, and raided all our belongings, taking a purse, camera and Ipod as well as leaving us all feeling sick after touching all our belongings. The camera caught him running out 10 minutes later. I'm not saying it's an inside job but it does look very suspicious as I'm sure everyone will agree. Please please do not stay here! It is not safe and for just an extra £10 you could stay at a much nicer, safer hotel! The police are involved now and the matter is in their hands.	
Oct 11 2009 	Cheap but not very cheerful!	On arrival was surprised to be asked to pay cash because, I was told. there was a workman on site that needed to be paid - I paid half in cash the rest on my card. The room was clean-ish - but the wall lights had been garotted and to use the TV which was perched on top of the wardrobe I had to climb on a chair (where is health &amp; safety when you need them?!). I have never seen such a tiny bathroom - excuse me being indelicate but it is the only bathroom I have ever seen where you could use the toilet, wash your hands and have a shower at the same time! The people on reception were friendly enough and when all is said and done, it was very, very cheap!.	
Oct 5 2009 	Never ever stay there!!! A Nightmare and NOT SAFE!!!	This is the first review I ever wrote just to warn other travelers about this hotel. It´s the most dirtiest place you can imagine. Everything is full of dust and the room smelled so bad. But the worst thing is that it is NOT SAFE. I locked all our trolley bags and put it in the wardrobe. After the whole day out I took one of the bags and it was open. I went to the reception and told the girl working there what happened. Her answer was: there was nobody in the room after 3pm (whatever this means?!?). I´m pretty sure that members of the staff opened the bag. The entire reception is full of stickers: &quot;We are not responsible for stolen items from your room&quot;. 1 sign is common but 20 of them looked already suspicious to us. This was also a reason why I carried everything beside clothes with me the whole day but I dont want to imagine what would have happened if I had a camera or a laptop in the bag I left in the room...	
Sep 26 2009 	terrible mistake	Too bad I didn't check the reviews about this hotel. Dirty hall with foreign front desk people who didn't know a thing about anything. Small, dirty room, no shower... had to walk to another floor to get it, and cold water....Better camping in hyde park.	
Sep 19 2009 	BED BUG HELL 2	If you don't want to chance having such a bad case of beg bug bites that you have to go to an emmergency clinic with suspected infection/poisoning - then don't stay here.Do not be fooled by being asked to check the room - ours looked clean - it was only in the night that the bugs surfaced.I am in AGONY and no supposed saving on london prices is worth this! I should be suing!	
Sep 6 2009 	I wish I had seen these reviews before I booked a room in this flea pit!	I work in hotels myself and was incredulous at the state of this place! I wonder how they have not been closed down yet! Shame, because it is a great location...Not one aspect was in anyway redeeming. Everything from check-in to check-out was terrifyingly appalling.Oh, and whatever you do, do not eat the breakfast.	
Jul 27 2009 	Shock at first but got better - location was great	ROOM: The room was on the third floor (street level as zero) on the street side of the building and it was for three people. There was a water tap and sink in the room. The drain smelled really bad all the time and also made our clothes stink. The dresser was broken and we didn't put anything in the wardrobe in fear that there would be little insects or something in it (after all, no bugs or flying animals detected). The carpet and the curtains were tidy. The noise from the street was horrible even with earplugs on, but the scenery was fine. Nothing got stolen, although we didn't leave anything valuable in the room.Plusses: rbig room, quiet neighbours, view, price. Minuses: smell, carpet, noise from the street.SERVICE: The service was kind but the staff spoke only little English with thick asian accent. The hinge of the room door made loud noise in disturbing level. Even after asking for oil and a promise that the staff would deal with it, nothing happened. Plusses: there was always someone at the desk.Minuses: English skills, not responding to the request.FASCILITIES: Toilet stank heavily of sewer and there was no hand washing. The shower was neat but the water pressure was poor. Sometimes it was difficult to get hot water and the water mixer (hot + cold) did not work well (was there any??). One water shortage happened on Friday when there was no water income so e.g. toilet seats were filled with human waste.Plusses: neat showerMinuses: no hand wash in toilet, smell.OVERALL REVIEW: The location of this hotel is great. You can walk almost everywhere from here, e.g. we walked to Westminster, Soho, City and Tower Bridge. We didn't need public transport at all and stayed almost a week. With this price you cannot expect much from your hotel so I think it was worthy. If you are looking for only a place to crash after sight seeing or partying, I recommend. If you are looking for a room where you stay in, this is not your place.	
Jul 6 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO LEAVE WITH NO SUITCASE OR BELONGINGS!!	We booked this hotel cause it was central to everything..but its an absolute [--] hole. we stayed in the annexe room 54 (i think) The bathroom was new and clean and the room had a tv but that was the only good thing about it everything else ROTTON the carpet hadnt been hoovered for about 4 months the room absolutally stunk the wardrobe mite as well have not been there, cobwebs hanging from the ceiling, the curtains were old smelly and disgusting they were hanging off the rail and when you tried to open them you looked on to what is meant to be a yard but was like a rubbish tip with a shed with smashed windows! On the 2nd day we had been out alday only to come back to find my mobile phone had been stolen from inside my case in a sock from a double locked room and even a main front door which you can only get in if you have a key. There were no signs of a break in or forced entry and the windows were all locked but they had a good rake around!! When i went off to report this to reception there was another girl standing who was upset she said her laptop had been stolen and her locked case with all her clothes in so poor thing was left only in the clothes she was standing in!! Who could do such a thing! What i dont understand is that i had the key on me all day as the front door of the main hotel was locked when i went to hand it in! Im aware the cleaner will have a key if thats what you call her or shall we say bedmaker cause thats all she did! I definately think the people who work at the hotel have some sort of thieving scam going on! When I asked reception to speak to the manager they said they only have contact by fax(dodgy for a start) I mean who and which hotel is ever run like this none i know of and i work in the travel industry ! it just gets better... I advised them of what had happened and they pointed at a sign saying they arent resposible for anything been lost of stolen which is fair enough but not when a room is looked with 2 locks and you have a main door locked too( shuley they are) so when i asked for the number for the local police station the guy looked at me and said he didnt know it so i asked for a phone book so i stood looking for it ( how unhelpful) when asked which station was the closest he shrugged his shoulders!!The staff here are so unhelpful and dont seem to understand english either I called the police told reception and they werent even bothered. Seriously I would never stay here again and wouldnt advise anyone to even try it! I would believe the reviews you read on here its a hell hole... Would say pay that little bit extra and stay in the travelodge or somewhere which at least where you know when you leave the room your suit case and your belongings will be safe!! I am definately not a snob and have travelled the world and have stayed in far better hostels...I wouldnt give the hotel/ dive my money and neither should you!!! feel free to contact me and i will reply!	
Jun 3 2009 	No bad at all dont know what all the fuss is about	We stayed in this hotel for a night as 4 of us were going out for a night in London and needed a place that was cheap and close to the places we wanted to go and easy to get to.I found this place online and it was the cheapest I could find so we booked 2 twin rooms. After booking we read the reviews and all were really bad!!! We started getting worried!! We decided to stay there anyway as were were only going to be there for 1 night.When we got there we were surprised that the place is clean and tidy, the staff were helpful and our room was perfect for what we needed it for. The room was clean so was the shower and toliet (although these were seperated from our room and shared). It is just a basic hotel with basic rooms and facilities. I'm not sure if the other people who have written reviews were expecting a 5 star palace but you get what you pay for and this place was perfect for us for the cheapest price in a fantastic location.No complaints at all. Not sure what everyone else was making such a fuss about!! I would certainly come back and stay there again for a few nights if we were going back again.	
May 27 2009 	Bedbugs Room Not Cleaned Broken Glass	The Gresham is in a good location at a reasonable price. However, it is a bit unnerving to see bedbugs crawling around when one's mate is asleep--and to see the mass of bites that grow on the skin a day or two later. The shared showers were not cleaned, and a large window of one of the toilets was broken in many places. It was very difficult to communicate with the staff--who seemed to have good intentions, but could not speak much English. The sheets were clean, but many simple things that just required attending to were left undone. Example: the towel rack was broken off, leaving only a stub on which to try to hang the towel. Ex 2: Heavy dust on the upper part of the small closet (i.e., no place to put the suitcase). After one day, I thought, &quot;We could stay here again, maybe.&quot; After three days and the welts appearing, and several forays with smiling, but ineffective hotel staff, we thought, &quot;Not even possible.&quot; We are experienced travelers who have stayed in these types of hotels all over the world. This was among the least healthy places we've ever stayed at.	
May 10 2009 	stinking flea pit	where do you start when something has no redeeming qualities! we refused the first room, number 54 in the annexe, as it was absolutely stinking, i can't actually describe the smell, but something of a cross between an elderly pee stained relative, boiled fish and excrement!!!!we settled for room 12 in the main building, because we had tickets for a show and were running late so no time to find new hotel. in room 12 the curtains were hanging off, unable to lock the windows( downstairs room!!!) no quilts/blankets, floor was disgusting and we just simply wouln't use the shower due to 'things ' growing in it!!we wedged suitcase against the door at night because didn't feel secure!we payed £80 for one night, but i honestly wouldn't stay for free!!	
Nov 13 2008 	We should have read the reviews first!!!	My friends and I booked a room in The Gresham as it was cheap, and central for our shopping weekend. Our room was in the basement....it reminded me of the &quot;One foot in the Algarve&quot; episode. Here Victor Meldrew and friends, on arriving at their holiday destination in the dark, ask local police directions to their appartment. However Victor and co. think that there is some misunderstanding when the policeman shows them into a dark, damp room with basic furniture and paint peeling off the walls. Surely there had been a misunderstanding!!! Why had they been thrown into jail?...........But no, when the light of day dawns....its their holiday appartment!!Well, luckily my friends and i have a sense of humour. If we hadn't laughed we would have cried.The waste paper basket hid the hole in the carpet...but we found it! The shower curtain had mould on it. The 70's pale blue bathroom suite should have been ripped out in the 70's. To be honest, we were very selective about what we touched!!! Oh, and there was only 3/4 of a roll of loo paper. At night we all clutched menthol impregnated tissues to our noses to mask the musky smell of the room.However...the bed was fairly comfortable, the beds got made and it was cheap and central. But not one smiling friendly member of staff.When we asked for a taxi to be called, we were told &quot;could you do it yourselves as we can't ring out&quot; WHAT WOULD YOU DO IN AN EMERGENCY???	
Jul 18 2008 	Terrible - Stay Away!	Despite its low cost and good location, the Gresham Hotel should be avoided. It's noisy, smelly, dirty, and unsafe. When I was there, the street door didn't close properly, the floors and door hinges creaked, there were stains on the carpet and wall, the narrow twin room (6' by 15') was hot and plagued by traffic noise from the street, there was standing water and mildew in the shower, no toilet tissue, poor breakfast, and a staff that pretended not to speak English so they could rip me off for a 6-night reservation even after I fled this hell-hole after only two nights. Sleep on a bench in Russell Square rather than stay at this &quot;hotel.&quot;	
Mar 4 2008 	Disgusting!	This is the worst place I have ever stayed in. You are charged on arrival not when you book which I had'nt realised. Our room was in the annexe which is a building a few doors down. There is no lift and we were 3 floors up. The room was dirty, the curtains were hanging off the rails, the bathroom door was not fixed properly on the en-suite(if you can call it an en-suite!), the sink was cracked in the bathroom and you couldn't use the sink unless the bathroom door was open anyway as there was not enough space, the shower encloser was dirty and mouldy. The breakfast was certainly not what I would describe as a continental breakfast with only luke warm tea &amp; coffee, orange juice out of plastic cups, one choice of cereal and no choice for hot breakfast it just appeared on the table - small portion of tasteless scrambled egg, 2 warmed pieces of bread that were supposed to be toast, one roll of ham and one slice of cheese. There was not even proper knives available only fish knives!The staff hardly spoke a word of English - in fact they hardly spoke - apart from the polite girl who first booked us in but she was gone again when we went back to reception 20 minutes later. The rooms look NOTHING like the ones shown on the website.	
Feb 29 2008 	Disgusting Hotel- DO NOT STAY HERE ESPECIALLY ROOM 1!!!!!	We have just returned from one night in The Gresham Hotel- luckily for us it was only one night!!Be aware that even though you give your card details online, you do not pay until you get there which we were not aware of so we were £70 down on spending money before we even got out the door! The language barrier between ourselves and the staff was awful. It was very hard to communicate anything. Also the staff were quite rude and very unhelpful. We had book a twin en suite room. The beds were small, and the matressess were terrible, all the springs had gone in mine so it was very uncomfortable. They didnt have duvets, we slept under a wooley blanket and a double bed throw doubled over. I overheard another customer complaining that they had booked a double room and turned up to a twin, the receptionist said they did not have any double beds at all and would push two singles together for them. So beware if expecting a double room! Its in a great location for all sight seeing, theatres and public transport so that is one bonus. The 'en suite' was tiny, dull and dirty. The sink and bedee' had cracks in them, the shower was small and rusty and we had no hot water in shower or from the taps. So it was a cold shower/wash or nothing. Now the worst bit- during the night I heard a rustling in a bag on the floor, turned on the light and saw a huge mouse run over to the chair and up my coat. I was horrified, woke my boyfriend and asked him to keep an eye on it whilst I went to tell reception. The gentleman behind reception spoke even less English than the man that booked us in. He said he was unable to move us to a different room, for some reason I could not understand. He came down to the room on my insistance so he could get the mouse out. By that time it had gone under the floor boards through a hole by the radiator. I refused to stay in the room and all he said was ' it probably wont come out again!!' I insisted he move us to another room, which he did in the end, but it was 5 flights of stairs up, no lift and no help with luggage from him. I asked him what time the manager was in the next day and he said 7am. When we got to the new room we realised it was not en suite and we had to share the bathroom and shower. Which was not what we paid for. The beds up here were even worse, there was a sink in the room that was persistanly dripping no matter what we did, the window did not close properly and there was stil no hot water. In the morning we did not want to stay for breakfast as the room with the mouse was right next door to the kitchen so god knows what it was like in there. When we checked out it was the same gentleman that had checked us in. He was not aware of the mouse or room switching that had happened during the night. I explained all of this to him and he said there was nothing he could do as the manager was not in until 5pm!! A very different time to the 7am that the gentleman in the night had said! We happend to be walking near the hotel at 4pm later that day so decided to go in and see if the manager was there, she was. She also was not aware of the complaint that we had put in at check out. So I had to explain everything again to her. She then said there was nothing she could do because all complaints have to be dealt with at check out. She said to email the hotel and see what happens.Sorry this review is sooo long, I just wanted to save some poor other unsuspecting tourist the same ordeal as we had. We totally regret staing there and we are not going to let it go until we get some kind of refund. Please do not hesitate to contact me for any more details.	
Feb 18 2008 	worst hotel we have ever been in...gresham	gresham hotel bloomsbury street london.in the heart of theatre land.we stayed here for two nights january 25th &amp;26th 2008.we booked this hotel because it was mentioned in dk top 10 london.your guide to the top ten best of everything.we were charged £150.oo on arrival,and given the keys to a room in the annex several doors along. we found the room unacceptable and asked for another room.which we accepted on face value as being better than the previous one. but we found the bathroom to be dirty,stained bedlinen.in fact several things ,which we did contact camden borough council.health and safety and trading standards ofices about on our return.we did infact stay the 2 nights on a bed and breakfast basis,but we declined the food.we should have moved to another hotel,but did not want touse valueable time looking for new accommadation.we would not reccommend this hotel.	
Feb 1 2008 	Never Stay at this hotel.	I arrived at this hotel or should i say hostel, with other friends, we had two rooms in the Annex. Where can i start. The Smell was disgusting smelt like dead rats, the curtains where hanging off the walls, the toilet door was broken, the shower was small. the water was cold and it got all the walls wet apart form the person in the shower. The floor had no mats so very slipery, the sink only had cold water. the mirros were dirty, the beds were uncomfortabe with no blankets. the carpets were dirty, went to use the toilet downstairs had no lighting. It cost £95 a night. did not even want to chance the breakfast. we had to leave our keys at recpetion when we went out. i told another friend to go and ask for our key to see what the security was like. They passed it over with no question. I would never stay in this hotel again even if they paid me.	
Dec 5 2007 	Stay away	My friend booked this hotel for a two-day stay in London and she felt awful when it turned out to be a total disaster. I don't mind so much that it was very basic but we found the room to be completely disgusting - dirty, greasy and to top it all I found a pill a previous guest had dropped on the rug. And I am not entirely sure whether the sheets were fresh. Unfortunately we had booked an ensuite room where the toilet and shower were outside the room which added to the adventure. I am glad we were able to laugh about it at the time -after all it was only a weekend trip- but I would not go there again if they paid me.	
Nov 19 2007 	I'd rather sleep at Euston Station	what a sh*t-hole. I had booked a twin room with on-suite bathroomMy wife and I were offered two rooms.In one there was no hot water. We were told this before hand and the other had hot water but the shower was in pieces on the cublcle floor. (The same shower as in the photos)Neither looked as though they had been cleaned for a week . We were then offered an upgrade in there sister hotel this was mariganly better . Well it had a working shower (just) and hot water.Most of the guest at both hotels were forgieners. I can,t help thinking what they must have felt about staying in Britain and the damage hotels like this does to the London toursit industry	
Oct 19 2007 	Well at least the toilet flushed!	I read some reviews before arriving so I wasn't expecting much but the results were far worse than I thought. The curtains were hanging off the rail, the shower was dirty and the shower head attachment was broken leaving the shower dangling into the TINY shower tray. The room size was adequate and fortunately I was at the rear away from the traffic noise however there were two spotlights in the room with no visible means of turning them on. This is a desperately sad hotel in dire need of some serious tlc which I doubt it will ever have. With the general run-down grimy feel of the place I wasn't inspired to have breakfast so I didn't! I would happily pay more for a better experience.	
Jul 13 2007 	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	We arrived at our hotel on Saturday the 07 of July 2007 the Lonsdale to be told they had over booked and was sending us to there sister hotel the Gresham and we were being upgraded ok so far we thought Well that was a laugh we got to the Gresham to be told we were in the annex and we were giving a family room we had no choice but to except as the hotels around where fully booked up.never mind we thought it is still on suite not on you Nelly we where told the shower was not working and we had to come down a flight of stairs and use a shared shower we said well then it is not on suite to be told the toilet worked.The bathroom was tiny the attic door was opened in the ceiling above the toilet which made you feel a bit dubious the stairs up to our room had ripped carpets on them The shower was just not working it was broken in pieces in the shower tray The room smelt of damp the noise out side kept as awake if we could have got a hotel any where else in that area that night we would have walked but with so much going on all the hotels where full never ever again will we book with the Lonsdale or this hotel and any one thinking of booking in the Gresham be aware I would not recommend this hotel to any one Rose D	
Jul 10 2007 	Mistake	Through work, I have probably stayed in around a thousand (yes, I know) different hotels all over Europe and – perhaps – around 20 in various price ranges in London. It’s rare that I would rate a hotel experience as terrible (one or two perhaps out of those thousand hotels) but, unfortunately, our recent stay in the Gresham was truly awful.I won’t bore you with my personal take on the atmosphere at breakfast – for example – but I would criticise the Gresham, compared to other hotels available in the area, for the following reasons which I think are pretty fundamental points for a pleasant stay:- Location- Value for money- Cleanliness- SecurityThe Gresham is located on Bloomsbury at – perhaps – the noisiest junction on the street; particularly if you are based in the annex as we were. Hence, traffic noise surpasses the point of irritating which you may find at the Jesmond, Arosfa or Ridgemount and reaches the ‘unbearable’.In terms of value for money, the Gresham is more expensive than neighbouring hotels, but offers less right across the board. Perhaps the only advantage is the shorter walk down into 7 Dials.Our room, and the various corridors and stairwells we saw, were dirty. The clump of hair we found on the bathroom floor next to the unemptied bin was so big it could have been given a name and a collar and we could have taken it to the vets for its shots. We didn’t venture into the shower; we thought it was safer not to. One of the three pillows was confined to the floor as we were sure that it had served the previous residents of our room.Finally, and perhaps the most serious point, security. The window of our room could not be closed. This meant that neighbouring rooms had access to our room via an adjoining balcony. This – obviously – bothered us, so we deposited our valuables at reception and asked to have the window fixed. When we returned, we were informed that the handyman was unavailable, and – “since you’re only staying one night…” We suggested that the problem would – also – apply to the next night’s guests and offered to fix the window ourselves if they gave us the tools. No tools.We headed up to the room to find the window wide open. We closed it and left the hotel, returning some hours later to find the window wide open once more. When we discovered that a piece of jewellery had been stolen from our room, we informed the hotel reception. There was no comment. There was no apology (and neither of us look like lawyers, believe me).When you book a hotel, you don’t want to have to go out and buy a tool kit to secure your room. Not – at least – at this price, and with cheaper, and safer, hotels just a stone’s throw away. If you want cleanliness, security, location and value for money, sadly we have to say: “Don’t stay here”. The three hotels mentioned above are FAR better, including the star budget stay for the area, the Arosfa in Gower Street.?	
Mar 30 2007 	Good old Bloomsbury	The location is perfect and staff is very friendly and efficient. A basic hotel room, but a very good location for a friend of culture. Not a honeymoon hotel; it's a good place to sleep for an explorer, though. No luxury, but a very nice price for a hotel in the centre of London. Everything was working fine in my stay and the staff is great. Absolutely good value for money!	
Nov 16 2006 	Not for the faint hearted	Paid £50 per night on a B&amp;B basis for 2 of us in a twin room, which I thought was a good price as the location was central, until I actually entered the premises and realised they should have paid us to stay there! Apart from the passing traffic that kept me awake until about 1.30am and woke me about 6.30am. The room was VERY basic and didn’t even include drink-making facilities and is in great need of re-decorating. The carpets are possibly the original ones that were laid when the building was built, absolutely filthy and didn’t even reach the side of the walls. The curtains? If that’s what you could call the filthy material that hung from broken track, were in desperate need of a good scrub in a bowl of bleach. The view from my window overlooked the busy street below as well as the gutter below that contained litter of all types including used condoms, beer cans and cigarette ends from previous occupants. The staff consisted of a mixture of races with broken English dialect and is the most miserable set of people I have met in a long time! Yet I’m sure working in that hell-hole, it would eventually break the best of personalities. Breakfast consisted of 1 slice of cheap toast, 1 slice of cheese and a piece of wafer thin ham! A cup of tea, coffee or juice. Fruit or cornflakes. So much for the great British breakfast you would expect! Toilet and showering facilities are in separate cubicles outside the room, the shower cubicle was disgusting! The entire establishment is outdated and in need of a good clean. Kim and Aggie would have a field day in this establishment!	
Jun 28 2006	Fabulous location horrendous hotel	After finding this 'gem' of a hotel on a London hotels website, we were, to say the least, overjoyed at its amazing location. Arriving there late, but excited, we were greeted by a rude and patronising receptionist who threw the keys at us and let us hobble downstairs to the most horrific room I have ever been in. Unidentified yellow bugs crawled over the bathroom floor, the shower was yellow and mouldy and the carpet was truly awful. We demanded a different room and were given one in the annexe which was cleaner, but still nowhere near worth the £75 we had paid. You had to move sideways in the ensuite and the shower was in desperate need of a few bottles of Cif and lots of elbow grease. The curtains wouldnt close and there were no glasses to use for a well-needed drink. I wouldnt advise anyone to go there, ever. To charge any more than £10 a night for it is a complete disgrace.	
May 23 2006	terrible	I have never written any review on a hotel but this time I must. I would like to warn other travellers. It is too expensive for what it is! It is terrible. It is dirty and disgusting. They use sprays to pretend the place is clean. Stay away.	
Feb 8 2006 	Not as bad as some people say	I think the word 'purgatory' as one review put it, is a little over-the-top, and had me feeling very apprehensive as I boarded the train for my conference trip to London.Certainly the place is in need of serious refurbishment, there were some unidentified stains on my bed clothes and my floor wasn't level, but my experience wasn't as bad as I could have imagined (and was imagining). The showers were warm, the sheets (if not the bed cover) were clean, and the roof didn't leak.The pleasantness of the staff varied. The guy who checked me in was dismissive and unhelpful, but the young lady who made us breakfast was very attentive, and breakfast itself was just fine.If you're in need of somewhere very cheap to stay in central London and aren't too fussy, it's really not that bad. I wouldn't honeymoon there though!	
Dec 20 2005	Disgusting!	We stayed here out of desperation after the hotel we booked had mice! After walking around London for 1.5 hours we really needed somewhere and ended up here. If it wasn't for my Christmas party I would have turned around and gone home. The room was very basic and dirty. You could barely move in the &quot;bathroom&quot; and the curtains were practically falling down. The walls were paper thin and the bed was as hard as a rock. I came home feeling filthy and spent a long time in the shower!! Someone would have to pay me far more than the £65 we paid to stay here again. Don't go there.	
Jul 27 2005	Hotel from Hell	We wanted a cheap hotel in the Bloomsbury district of London, and that's what we got! At 75 GB pounds a night and next to the British Museum, the Gresham is cheap and handy. But, the rooms are dirty, tiny and worn. No Air Conditioning and when we asked for a fan in the recent hot weather the clerk said the only fan in the building was the one he was using! We moved out to the Morgan Hotel next door which, at 90 pounds, is friendly and wonderful.	
Jun 1 2005	horrible	Sorry for my bad english. But I need to say it. The hotel is horrible. The authorities would have to close it. It is old, dirty, the rooms are small. There was only one thing correct, the staff.Don't go there! Even if you have paid for it.	
Dec 27 2004	My favorite part	Visited first week of December 2004. My favorite part was how in the little bathrooms on the hall, which were the size of moderate phone booths yet included shower heads in one corner, the water would spray out onto the floor and toilet, flooding the whole room, since in one unit the shower curtain reached down only to 18 inches from the floor, and in the other the curtain was entirely missing. So anytime you wanted to use the toilet, you would have to tiptoe through someone else's bathwater. No wait, my favorite part was how I could stand in my room and reach out and touch both walls without stretching too much. I have the same question as someone else on this comments board -- how did this place get three stars from Orbitz?	
Dec 6 2004	Absolutely disgusting there were unknown stains on the curtains and the carpet..	Absolutely disgusting there were unknown stains on the curtains and the carpet did not even touch the walls!! Unfortunately we were TRICKED into staying in this dump. We had booked into the LONSDALE it's so called sister hotel and upon arriving at the Lonsdales and paying they told us we had been moved! We only made it to the reception area which was smelly and the receptionist/owner was very unfriendly. All in all a big lesson learned, you pay peanuts you stay in a zoo!	
Nov 29 2004	Purgatory	The pits. I spent one of the worst nights of the last few years in this place, kept awake first by the television in the adjacent room, then by a crashing headache. When I asked the night manager for an aspirin, he refused, telling me that it was more than his job's was worth...	
Oct 10 2004	Oh My God!	We arrived after a fairly pleasant trip from up north, we navigated the tubes and eventually found the place on a busy street. When we walked in we were greeted! buy lurch from the adams family, but without the ability to speak English, what's up with that?The room wasn't ready and it was 1.40pm, we were ordered into the waiting room from hell, dirty walls and dirty chairs, surrounded by budget backpackers and an unearthly silence we awaited our call, honestly it was awful, we just kept looking at each other!!!! I eventually approached the desk foreigner who told me I had to wait a further 20 minutes, I told him that I would need to see the room before we paid for it and if the waiting room was a representation of the rooms then we would not be staying there. His reaction was unsuprised, which probably makes sense now, he must of knew the place was a -- tip.As I had booked on the net, I gave my card number but the hotel couldn't make a charge without running my card, wey hey, when I heard this we were off. I told him he had another room free for the night because we were going to upgrade to the gutter outside or the tube........We jumped on a bus up Oxford street and eventually stayed at the Manderville which was a bit more money but absolutely exquisite. Make your own choice about this hotel but bring your Mr Muscle!!!!!!!!	
Aug 31 2004	Disgusting Hotel	I need not say anything. All other reviews say it all.This hotel is absolutely disgusting. It saddens me to think this hotel keeps getting away with ripping people off. The kennels where I leave my dog is cleaner than this hotel.	
Apr 19 2004	Avoid this hotel at all costs	I also fell victim to this depressing, dirty and unfriendly hellhole. The location is ok, but a busy bus stop outside will put noisy idling buses outside your window continuously. Honestly, walking distance to Tottenham Court Road was unnecessary as I hopped on buses anyways with a bus pass. The lobby consists of a cage with a surly, indifferent clerk. The carpets, bedding, walls and especially the toilet and showers are FILTHY.I checked out after one night and was refused a refund, citing a 48 hour cancellation policy. The owner obviously knows everyone feels victimized by this place and takes an aggressive stance on refunds. Let this owner entrap others with his shoddy business practices.I skipped the breakfast as the whole place just gave me the creeps.Strangely, I booked this hotel through Orbitz, which claimed this was a 3 star hotel. I was also tricked by this description: &quot;Here at the Gresham Hotel we strive to provide good service. We have established our excellent reputation with clean comfortable rooms and an incusive breakfast at a very reasonable tariff for a central London hotel. We pride ourselves on the number of our guests who return year after year. We look forward to you staying with us. &quot; I can't imagine anyone foolish enough to return to this fleatrap.Here's my analysis of the amenities advertised:Porters - no Coffee Maker in Room - not there Currency Exchange - maybe the clerk will do this Hairdryer in Room - not true International Direct Dial - perhaps Iron - not in room Laundry Service - perhaps Lounge - nope, just a breakfast room Multilingual - the housekeepers? Radio - maybe a channel on the tv Safe Deposit Box - not in the room 24 Hour Security - just a clerk at the desk Telephone - yes TV - on top of a very high dresser, with no remote, missing buttons and only about 4 channels Laundry/Valet Services - perhapsConsider yourself warned.	
Apr 5 2004	Don't get trapped !	Oh, this 'hotel' looked so friendly on the Internet and in reality: staying there is an outright insult to anyone who is paying for a bed. I booked it for four nights, got a confirmation and on arriving the arrogant owner bluntly told me: I have no booking. Panic, for having a very tight schedule for the coming 5 days, I asked him: perhaps you have a double room free? Of course he had, and after having seen it, I took it out of despair. A horrible experience and I wonder who is responsible for the advertising of this ghostly and dilapidated 'hotel' in which paying guests are treated like intruders. Even incoming telephone-calls were not passed on! &quot;Impossible&quot;, was the only remark, I got. Don't fall a victim to the fraudulence of modern, visual advertising. This place, called the Gresham, is the perfect example!	
Mar 30 2004	Flea Bag	When we checked in we were unsure of the accommodations that were previously described both in a travel book and on ActiveHotels (which have assured me they have contacted the hotel and will be making another assessment). If you want to go back to England in the early 1900's this is the place for you. At least that is the last time besides a brief time in the early 60's which is probably the last time they cleaned and remodeled. We viewed the rooms before paying (thank God) and were greeted to filthy carpets, drapes hanging off the rods, toilets with urine -- you get the idea. It is in an ideal location and we walked half a block to the Marlboro by Radisson. Great value, clean and a wonderful staff and breakfast included. Avoid the Gresham unless you like to pay for a Psycho Hotel like experience.	
Feb 29 2004	Tourist beware!	This is a truely nightmarish hotel. Dirty, stained sheets and bedspread. No rubbish/trash can in the room. No complimentary coffee or tea. Carpet was dirty. The showers were dirty. Shower heads were broken and water went everywhere because in the one showers there should have been a sliding door but it was just open. I know someone went into my room while I was gone because I found an interior window open that I'd closed before leaving. The room was also cold. No heat on during the night. Couldn't eat breakfast because it wasn't served until after I had to leave and I was afraid it would be just as bad. All rooms are smoking rooms as well. Even though they advertise that you can request a non-smoking room. Surely somewhere there is a higher authority that inspects these hotels. It's substandard even for a budget hotel.	
Dec 22 2003	Gresham Hotel Bloomsbury	Living in France and over for one night of the weekend in London I needed a no thrills hotel, checking in at midnight and leaving early for a 05h30 Eurostar.I have travelled fairly extensively in the last 10 years, throughout Africa and Asia and I can honestly say that as a student ten years ago I stayed at smarter guesthouses in the more squalid parts of Nairobi.The bedspread in the double room (which incidentally had no shower or loo - an unwelcome surprise) had a blood stain on it the size of my forearm. When I turned the bed down the blanket had an obscene amount of body hair matted into it.Both my girlfriend and I slept with jeans and sweatshirts on, so disgusting was the state of the room.If room 20 is anything to go by, the Gresham Hotel is a disgrace. I read one review of the hotel (before booking) by an American guy who was positive about it. I can only assume he was born in a scuzzy pit, frequented by people with some pretty suspect personal hygiene issues.Don't stay here unless you are looking for some kind of twisted filth kick.	
Oct 31 2003	Horrible	This place is horrible. It is not safe. It is dirty and you have to share a bathroom and a shower for the standard room. It only costs 58 quid a night but it is not worth it. They also have questionable policies on payment.	
Oct 14 2003	Avoid this hotel	I have been in October - 03. A terrible experience. It´s cheap and very well located but quite dirty, mostly the common showers and toilettes. The staff terribly unkind.	
Oct 17 2009 	Absolut nicht zu empfehlen!		
Sep 24 2009 	pessimo!		
Sep 18 2009 	Ottimo punto di partenza per gustarsi lONDRA!!!		
Sep 14 2009 	Bon pour pour une nuit mais pas plus !!		
May 23 2009 	Ottimo rapporto location/prezzo		
Dec 12 2008 	terribile gresham!		
Jul 21 2008	minable dégueu £ 50 la nuit!		
May 6 2008 	tened cuidado¡¡No os fieis¡¡		
