Oct 27 2009 	Ok for budget hotel.	Me and my mum booked three night and after reading the reviews we were very close to booking a different hotel, however we wasnt willing to pay over £600 for three nights so we decided to stick with it.On arrival we were quite surprised, staff were ok and reception not too bad. Walking upto out room we noticed the further we went up, the worse things looked, paper off the walls, walls scratched... getting into our room it was extremely small, hardly any room to move around. the forst thing we did was check the bed (from everybodied reveiws on bed bugs) which were extremely clean, and the shower, again, very clean. there was only one towel so we sked reception for more and we got them. The shower was lovely and hot and rooms were cleaned everyday. Poeple complain about the noise, but what do you expect in the centre of london??For us, the location was fantastic and we use a hotel room to sleep and shower. We would only use this hotel as a last resort, as the rooms are small and could do with one heck on a make over....but we survived, slept well, showered and explored london!By the way, there is a beautiful Tapas restaurnt round the corner which i recomend.	
Aug 21 2009 	Filthy rooms shabby location	We reserved a room here and when we arrived we were absolutely discusted with the state of the room, it was dirty and even had biscuit crumbs on the dresser from the previous occupants. The bathroom was awful, we could not have used it. Going into this hotel was like going to somewhere in a third world country as was the street it was located in, very ethnic area. We were asked to pay by credit card as soon as we arrived, they said the machine was playing up and asked us to get cash out of a cashpoint. We decided not to stay here therefore did not part with any cash but we later found out they had taken payment from the credit card, which makes us wonder if they were trying to get two payments out of us. We booked into another hotel instead which cost more but was worth it ( the Corus Park Hotel, Hyde Park) it was not worth trying to stay in London cheaply.	
Aug 13 2009 	Okay for a budget hotel.	Just returned home from a two night stay at the Ventures Hotel. I arrived at the hotel with great trepidation having booked the hotel and read the reviews after, plus three teenagers in tow. I found my en-suite room small but clean with fresh bed linen.En-suite clean,spacious and hot water. Teenage boys in twin room quite a way from myself but checked their room and found it adequate, plus they loved being away from me.Breakfast was small portions but filling as it was three courses.Staff friendly and efficient considering the numbers they have to cater for in a short space of time in the mornings. Overall for a budget hotel with a fantastic location which is what I wanted on a short break to London with teenagers I found this hotel absolutely fine. I felt the staff tried to accomodate me and my family well. After checking out we were able to leave our suitcases there all day with no extra charge. Needed to write this review as soon as I arrived home, being aware of the often negative previous reviews.	
Aug 3 2009 	STAY AWAY FROM THIS "HOTEL"	First and foremost, this is NOT a hotel. It is the filthiest, most delapidated place I have ever had the misfortune to come across.Where do I begin? The staff are rude, the wallpaper is held together with sellotape, there is so much limescale on the shower head that the water merely trickles out (if you are brave enough to even have a shower there), the toilet bowl is stained, the tables and TV are covered in a thick layer of dust, there are exposed wires at the electricity sockets, the 'carpet' is full of holes and tears...it is absolutely HELLISH.We booked a double room for 2 nights...we struggled through the 1st night, barely getting any sleep as the locals who frequented this place tramped up and down the stairway through the night. We both woke up with skin irritations due to bed bugs, dirty sheets, or both.We then demanded our money back, and were told that usually they do not offer refunds but since we made it clear our health was obviously at risk they gave us back the money for the 2nd night.Under no circumstances would I ever recommend this place to anyone. I warn you now, do not put yourself through the trauma of staying at Ventures Hotel.	
Jul 28 2009 	This place should be shut down.	Needed an overnight stay in London before our departure back to the U.S. Wish I had researched better. Filthy place with narrow hallways and dangerous stairs..room was disgusting. Stained walls and smelled of mildew . Bathroom was just as disgusting with no working lights. We slept on top of the covers fully clothed, windbreaker included for fear of bugs and whatever else. Left as soon as possible. Will NEVER return and can't believe they can even charge what they do...STAY AWAY!!!	
Apr 27 2009 	Not coming back...ever!!!	My cousin recommended this and he was totally disappointed as well. When we checked in, the room was still dirty (probably another guest just checked out). My kid cried and wanted to checked out right away...too late...they require advance payment..staff-not friendly..The only one who made us feel at home was the lady who serves the breakfast with a warm smile all the time. Otherwise, the rest are so arrogant...I got sleepless nights from this sensor lights inside the bathroom, which automatically turns on and off...and so get ready to be awakened by the on and off light inside the bathroom... Heater was not working on the 1st day... and you have to request for it to be turned on.. The only thing &quot;nice' about it is the location...Next time I travel.. I will stay in another hotel..even if it cost me more..	
Mar 1 2009 	Filthy!	This hotel is undoubtedly the most unclean place I have ever stayed in.The room was tiny, there were stains on the wall, black dust everywhere, horrible mould on the showerhead and the floor of the 'en suite bathroom' which was a converted cupboard as far as I could tell. The walls of the toilet did not even reach the ceiling so it was not very private!I honestly hardly wanted to get into the bed the room was so filthy. When I complained about the filth a colleague was promptly sent up with a wet towel! He stood in the room and asked where I wanted cleaned! It was obvious! The place was disgusting and the reception staff were uninterested since they already had their money and their no refund policy. We ended up buying cleaning stuff and doing it ourselves.The 'free' parking cost 20 quid and I was asked to move the car around regularly. They also asked for my car keys so they could move the car around whenever they needed too. To be honest I wouldn't have trusted these cowboys as far as I could throw them.Avoid!!!	
Feb 7 2009 	Absolutley filthy stay well away	Stayed here for two nights this moth, horrible decor, stains on the bed linen, damp on walls, rude staff, smelly rooms, no hot water, draughty and genereally a place that better off knocked down ---- save yourself the bother and stay elsewere.	
Feb 5 2009 	Stay Away from this Hotel!!!	Oh my God!!!! Me and my boyfrend thought living a NIGHTMARE!!! Please STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL for YOUR HEALTH!!! I try explain my experience: little hall quite dirty; receptionist were ungry and not kind; our room at 4th floor (without lift) and accessible from a series of narrow and dangerous stairs; a very very very little bedroom really filthy (not to talk about WC!!!); carpet everywhere just like green for parasitics!!! Hope you'll never visit this hotel!!! The only positive thing is the location but... not so positive to choose this hotel... hotel?!?!?!?!? PIGSTY!!!	
Jan 23 2009 	Dreadful	The bedroom walls were filthy with some dubious stains on them. The furniture was poor and falling apart. The &quot;en-suite&quot; was basically a tiled cupboard and was dirty.The breakfast was ok though.	
Dec 9 2008 	Low cost staying	We spent a long weekend in London &amp; did fix my choice on this hotel bacuse it was said to be cheap. Actually, all together, we paid 105 GBP for two nights (with breakfast only).The building is situated in the rattling good part of London, the rooms are relativly small but they are enough if you stay just a few days in the city. The breakfast was all right &amp; the lady serving me always had a nice smile.All in all, I could recommend this hotel for those who has a low cost budget for the place of residence &amp; do stay in the hotel just for sleeping &amp; take advantage of proper distance from the city center.	
Nov 16 2008 	Children Nightmare	Heavily infested beds with BED BUGS, A family of five (parents and three children) were forced to evacuate their room after mid night (November) and move to another hotel as they were distressed with intensily itchy bleeding skin lesions due to BED BUGS, Staff members were INHUMANE and id nit even help in moving the luggage.POLCE were involved and three officers documeted the incident.HEALTH authoreties is being informed.Photos are too distressing to be shown.	
Nov 14 2008	Awful!	If I had not been wandering in London trying to find somewhere to spend the night before a flight on the following day, I would BY NO MEANS EVER stay in such a filthy and unfriendly hotel. Rooms old and dirty, terrible smell of smoke everywhere, poor sound insulation, &quot;private&quot; WC in the room with the shower sharing the same floor with the rest of the WC, being separated only by a nylon curtain. Hygiene is obviously an unknown word to the owners, who are only interested in receiving payment of 55 pounds for an 'en-suite single room' in advance, just as you check in. The funny thing about this is that as I entered the reception room there was a guy who had booked a room for 2 nights (oh God, why has he done this to himself?!) and the receptionist could not find his reservation in the hotel books! Not to mention the poor breakfast.... Please, for your own good, stay away from this hotel!	
Oct 13 2008	Don't Bother!	Alarm bells started to ring when I was checking in &amp; two separate groups of people complained to reception about the quality and cleanliness of the rooms. The people at reception showed no signs of regret or apology for this and said that it was not their fault that the customers had chosen to stay with them and that they could either stay or lose money if they went elsewhere. The rooms were terrible, poorly appointed, can't have seen a lick of paint for about 3 decades and were unclean- the shower curtain was covered in mould, nice. Breakfast was included but if the cleanliness of the kitchen is anything like that of the rooms I don't think we would have survived. I think we chose well in going elsewhere to eat (even though it was included in the price of the room).Stay clear of this place unless you are planning on a divorce or ending friendships! 0/10.	
Oct 13 2008 	Terrible!	WORST HOTEL I HAVE STAYED IN!Do not believe any good reviews of this place, I can only assume they were left by the hotel owners.The place is filthy, and by that I mean not a little shabby but actually filthy. The bedlinen was stained, dust and grime on surfaces, room smelt of smoke, no window locks, 'restaurant' too small for number of people in hotel, staff were un-helpful and appeared resigned to receiving a string of complaints (which they then ignored)It is basically like the owners have given up and make their money by making people pay in advance and then keeping the money when people complain. This is under their terms &amp; conditions so be warned; just do yourself a favour and look elsewhere.	
Sep 30 2008 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!	After recently staying at the hotel on Saturday Evening we were left feeling very disappointed. When we returned home we did look on the internet at other hotels we could of stayed in and they are of a much higher standard at the same or lower cost and we have come to the conclusion that we have been cheated!! After walking in to the hotel we were greeted by very friendly reception staff which gave us a good impression of the hotel we were gave the room key 205 after walking in to the hotel room this is when the disappointment began the hotel room was very small with a double bed in the room -  Point 1 - The lock on the window was broken which left us feeling that our belongings were very unsafePoint 2 - There was no Hot water even though the switch had been turned on all day we then had to wait a further 20 minutes before we could get readyPoint 3 - The bathroom and bedroom walls were extremely grubby Point 4 - The mattress on the bed had about had it with regards to comfort.Point 5 - We were kept awake all night by people walking around above us and running water ALL NIGHT!! With all these points combined you can understand why we didn't even want to try breakfast and get out of there as soon as possible. As a Travel Agent selling London Breaks we visit the hotels to see which ones we can promote and sell to our customers however the hotels need to be up to a certain standard to even open!!  We payed upfront at this hotel and we would like our money back half if not a full refund as this is absolutely not acceptable!!	
Sep 10 2008 	ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE	We were sent to the Ventures by another hotel we were booked with as some of their rooms had maintenance problems. I was horrified. My room was disgusting. The stains on every wall were awful, I couldn't bear to put my feet on the wetroom floor, it looked filthy. Everything was falling apart and the window didn't comply with Health and Safety regulations, if I had left it open and rolled out of bed on that side, I would have fallen to the courtyard below (I was on the third floor!), the sill was so low. It needs to be completely ripped apart. Even budget hotels should have standards. HOWEVER, the staff were very friendly and the sheets were at least clean, just as well as the mattress left a lot to be desired. The room didn't smell very nice, it was obviously a smoking room as the pillows smelt awful. I had to put a towel (one I had taken with me) on the pillow to sleep. I hated it and was embarrassed to be seen leaving the building.	
Nov 25 2007	The most terrible hotel ever!!!	People, don't go to this hotel! It is VERY dirty. If you want to find used condoms under your bed, this is the right place to stay! The mattresses were full of drops and stains, and obviously, they hadn't clean up the shower and WC for several weeks when we stayed there. The floor is also very dirty. The shower didn't work properly, so we needed to wash with cold water. Hotel keepers are not familiar with word HYGIENE!	
Mar 5 2009 	Avis plus que défavorable		
