Jun 12 2009 	Location. Location. Location. Too bad it’s a dump.	You get what you pay for … it’s cheap. And it shows in the upkeep. Hotel Pro’s: Location – you’re a 5 minute walk from Bayswater and Queensway Tube stations (making it easy to get anywhere in the city) and from beautiful Hyde Park (great for people watching and relaxing). Hotel Con’s: Size – I don’t care if my room is small, I’m only there to sleep. The bathroom is a different matter. The entire thing is tile (floor, walls) with a shower curtain down the middle and the floor sort of slopes towards a drain. After your shower you’ll be standing in a puddle while you brush your teeth at the sink. Everything is damp including the TP roll. Cleanliness – I am not a clean freak. However there are certain standards that ought to be met in hotels. The Annur had stains on the carpet, stains on the bedding (I don’t want to know … we slept on top of the covers it was that gross), water stains on the ceiling, lack of fresh towels (considering the bathroom – you need more towels because everything is damp after a shower), window wouldn’t budge so it stayed open the whole time. Continental Breakfast – 3 types of breads (with toaster), 3 kinds of cereal, milk, coffee, jam. No fruit, vegetables, meat, or eggs. If you don’t love toast and cereal – opt out of paying extra for this breakfast and go get some real food elsewhere. Would I stay there again? No. Would I recommend it to my mother? Most definitely NO! Would I recommend it to others? Only if they were incredibly broke, fifthly, and generally not people I’d want to stay in touch with.	
Nov 18 2008 	Poor but very cheap - so acceptable	From the outside it looks good. The location is very good - both for the area around and for excellent access to the tube. In some dim distant past it probably was a good hotel (under different management and a different name).It has clearly had little or no investment in years (though several very large and heavy boxes of something arrived in the lobby during our stay - which may be a good sign). It has also had precious little maintenance down the years - however our room had a sleepable bed, and functioning bathroom. Carpets were stained (some dirt stains, more bleach stains where really stubborn dirt stains had been removed). The phone didn't seem to work, but that was not a concern to us. The room was very small - we had luggage for a short stay, not a long one, so that was OK too.Lift was Out of Order - a narrow staircase had to be used. With light luggage and on floor 2 this was OK. With heavy luggage or limited mobility this would be a nightmare. Other reviewers also say the lift was out of order, so it seems this is a long term thing (unless those boxes are lift machinery).Another reviewer noted that the heat in their room was off and that it was cold. When we arrived our room's heat was off also, but there is a thermostat valve at the end of the radiator - room cleaning probably switch it off when they clean. If you don't recognise it for what it is, then the heat will stay off - UK visitors will recognise it, others will not and will not be told unless they ask. When we turned the valve on, the room rapidly became more than warm enough, but we eventually got the level right.Staff were pleasant &amp; helpful - They let us check out an hour late with no problem and no extra charge. Staff also had no problem with us bring back take-away food late at night and eating it in the breakfast room (did we mention the rooms are small?) provided we cleared up after ourselves.No review of breakfast because we slept late.In summary, just about adequate for 2-3 days - but only because of low price, good location and accommodating staff.	
Nov 10 2008 	You get what you paid for	HiI've just come back from this hotel. I know most of the reviews are very negative. However, I would challenge anyone else who can get a triple room for £60 a night in the Bayswater area.At the end of the day, the maxim &quot;You get what you pay for&quot; really applies here. Our room was fine. Had clean linen and towels. we even had a colour tv! Having hot running water (albeit the noisy pipes) was good.We only needed a place to lay our heads down at night, after a long days sight seeing.The staff were very helpful and allowed us to chose from a number of rooms so we ended up picking the nicest one. Some of the rooms were pretty awful.This place is going to be closing down at the end of November. It is a building owned by the Sultan of Brunei - who will be converting it into 10 luxury flats.The key with this hotel is to negotiate the price right down with the receptionist. He (Stancho or Malik) will be very willing to give you a room for a knock down price - however, time is running out for this hotel.	
Nov 3 2008	Disgusting !!!	The hotel is absolute disaster !! Smelly, dirty. Tiny rooms and again very unclean. Bathroom and toilet - well, have no worlds to describe, absolutely below any hygienic standards . Breakfast was served by very unfriendly lady and again lack of cleaning everywhere. So if you don’t want to ruin your impression about London, don’t even think to stay at this place.. I really don’t understand how this hotel got even 2 stars and why authorities who is responsible to look how hotels keep standards don’t close it down !	
Oct 20 2008 	Forget It Keep looking	I had read the reviews before booking this hotel for 4 nights and thought it couldn't be that bad, I was wrong!I was in a room on the 5th floor and was advised that the lift was currently out of order, looking at the sign on the elevator it had been out of order for some time. After finally carrying my bags up the 5 flights of stairs I left the hotel to explore London. I arrived back at the hotel at approx 9pm to find that the TV was broken and with no phone in the room to contact reception I decided I would read, 2 minutes after turning on the light I was in darkness and I was sure I was not going to do the stairs again.Following morning I reported the problems, light was fixed but the TV was never attended to. I checked out early and found a hotel for the same rate that was &quot;The Ritz&quot; compared to this disgustingly dirty hotel. On the upside the majority of the staff were very helpful.	
Sep 20 2008 	Ignore other reviews!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I booked this hotel, for a 3 night stay,then read the reviews, Big Mistake. Most of these reviews are not accurate. Ok the hotel is not a 4 star hotel but we paid for a budget one and thats what we got. We paid around £86 per night for a double room bed and breakfast, I have paid alot more in 4 star hotels and they have been of poorer standard than this hotel.The staff are very friendly and helpful. On arriving at An-Nur we were offered a room but was told it was a little small, if we didn't like it we could choose another one. If nothing had been said we would have been happy to take this room, but when a choice was offered we took it. After looking at 4 rooms we picked one on the fifth floor. The lift was not working ,but we are fit and healthy so climbing five flights of stairs was no problem.The breakfast consists of cornflakes or rice krispies, toast and breadcakes. Tea and coffee are available all day.. The shower in the room worked well with hot water all the time. Towels were changed every day. The carpets in the rooms are stained but are vacuumed daily.An-Nur hotel is in a prime location close to 2 tube stops. Kensington Palace and Hyde Park are only a short walk away. The area close by has a good selection of places to get good food.The next time I go to London I will stop at An-Nur again. You pay for a budget hotel and that is what this hotel is.	
Jul 26 2008 	Disaster	The receptionists were very kind. Elevator was broken, so we had to climbe the dirty stairs four floors every day. The carpets meet the quality of a zero star hotel in Bombay. We think London authorities should close this hotel.	
Jul 22 2008 	A Disgusting Experience	We stayed at the An-nur on the Saturday 19th July to see the West End show Lord of the Rings which was the last night of the Musical Show.Ok I know this hotel is a cheap hotel but I would have expected more from it for the price.I have never been so disgusted at a dirty hovel of a Hotel, and I shall be finding out who I can contact in London regarding ths flea pit. The room it self was filthy, carpets were a disgrace where some one had vomited on the floor in the past and it had not been cleaned off the carpet properly and left to dry. We were allocated a room on the sixth floor which was right up the top of the hotel, and as the lift was not working we had to climb all the stairs to the top which was hard going, good thing we only had small bags and not suit cases to haul up the flight of stairs.The rooms did not have smoke alarms fitted to the ceilings which is against the Fire Regualations and there were no Fire Alarms in the corridors in case of a fire. Also when we were climbing to our room, the stairwell on the fourth floor was blocked by rubbish etc against the wall, again a hazard in case of evacuation of the the Hotel.The room itself was so drab with paint on the walls discoloured and cracked. The shower was something out of a third class rated dump.And as for the Breakfast in the morning that was a joke, a so called Continental breakfast, it was disgusting, rolls, toast ,cereal, and tea and coffee, no meats or cheese, which should be included in a Continental style breakfast, and just orange juice.The jam and marmalade were in large bowls and you had to help yourself with a spoon in each, which was unhygienic for a start, as this contravened,Food Hygiene regulations.I would not stay in this Hotel ever again and would advise other people to do the same, I know it is cheap and that you get what you pay for but not at the cost of my Health and Safety.But I will find out who I can contact to report the broken Fire Regulations of this Hotel.	
Apr 4 2008 	NOTfor Americans	We arrived there exactly one month to the day from Sept. 11th. (despite what dates say) Being Americans, this was a clearly Muslim owned hotel..we were the only Christians there, the rooms were complete with little arrows on the ceiling pointing towards Mecca.. besides being filthy..very uncomfortable situation and had we been able to change hotels we would have...	
Mar 13 2008 	don't expect much	When we checked in, receptionist let us choose a room for 2 from 2 different types(double/twin). That was kind of them. The double room was tiny. You could barely walk around a bed. Its bathroom had no tub. Dirty carpet. The next twin room was abit larger, 2 twin beds. One bed blocked a closet doors, so had to push one bed away from the closet everytime.... Bathroom had a tub and good hot water pressure. No shampoo/conditioner. But its door didn't open all the way. It opened inward and stuck because of a toilet. I was lucky to be slim enough to squeeze myself in and outof the tiny bathroom. Bed linen was worn and shabby. Didn't want to walk barefoot inside that room. noise from next door was sometimes disturbing. Breakfast was nothing but rolls (jam&amp;butter), cereal with milk, OJ, Coffee and Tea. We didn't eat much during the stay. However,very convenient location. Bus stop was 1 min away. 24hr bus also runs. 2 Min to Queensway Tube station. Bayswater station is also short walking distance. There were lots of restaurants, pubs and shops around Queensway.	
Feb 15 2008 	The worst hotel ever!	I stayed their for 3 nights it was the worst experience ever. I never write any review for hotels, but this, it's not a hotel. Since then I have backacke because the bed it was the most uncomfortable bed. The toilet and everything was dirty. It was a nightmare!!!!	
Oct 24 2007 	Stay Away From This Dump!!	UGH! The rooms in this hotel have paper thin walls, the room is the size of a childs bedroom and the bathroom was a kindve wetroom with lukewarm piddle water for a shower! I know that this sounds extreme to have stayed in for 2 nights, but the rate was low and we did not want to trapse about the area looking for a better accomodation (although there are several in the area) Do yourself a favour and trust all the other reviews on this site. IT SUCKS!	
Aug 16 2007 	We wish we had seen this site before we booked	All the other reviews truly describe the disgusting state of this &quot;hotel&quot;.It is small and shabby, a double bed in a single room, a bathroom that is really a 'wet room'.We feel sorry for the staff that work there surely they can get another job at a better hotel.The breakfast was so basic, to call it a continental breakfast has to be against the trade description act - roll/toast, cereal, diluted fruit juice.This type of &quot;hotel&quot; gives a bad impression to other hotels in the neighbourhood which from the outside look a lot more appealing.Under no circumstance would we recommend staying at this DUMP to anyone.D and L	
Jul 27 2007	small and dirty	i am not one to moan about hotels, but i feel i ought to give my opinion about this hotel, ok it is cheap, and in a good part of the city, but it was very dirty and very small, all the light fittings were broken, as was the TV, the carpet was filthy and covered in bits, the bed sheets were clean but the top cover was dirty and had cigarette burns in it, the bathroom was also small but fairly clean, but the toilet seat was broken, it cost us £58 per night for the room, is this filth to expected for that amount of money? i dont know you decide,	
Jan 7 2007 	tiny!!	This is definitely not the worst accommodation we've stayed in, but I'm sure it's the smallest. The room was a small single room with two beds squeezed into it. The bathroom was also tiny, with the shower being basically a nozzle in the wall over the toilet, so you got the whole room wet when you showered. There was no water pressure and the water temperature never crept above tepid. The room and bathroom were quite clean but everything had a very worn and old appearance, e.g. the bedspreads both had tears in them. The carpet in the hallways appeared to be covered with old drops of white paint or plaster.The lift is tiny, slow and very old.Finally, the breakfast is pretty basic. Toast and cereal, tea, bad coffee and very cheap (i.e. fake) juice are all that's on offer.On the plus side, the staff are quite nice, the location is very good and since we booked through a discount website, the price was OK too.Don't stay in this place is you want to do more than sleeping there. It is not romantic at all and there is also no room to work or study. This is absolute bare basics budget accommodation for the easy-going traveller.	
Nov 22 2006 	An Nur - No Way	We have just returned from a weekend in London. I can honestly say that i have never had a more terrible expereince!For the duration of the stay we had no heat, and no hot water, and the hotel staff did not inform us that this was to be an ongoing problem in sufficent time for us to rrelocate.The rooms were tiny, poorly furnished and in dire need of redecorating. The bathroom looked as if it had never seen a cleaning product. There was a light over one of the beds held together with masking tape!Location wise it was spot on. Everything else.....dont bother!Avoid it like the plague!	
Oct 27 2006 	Disgusting	What a disgusting dump! Nothing functioned, not even the elevator, everything was old and filthy, no service at all. The matress' springs poked out in the beds. The worst place I have ever stayed in, we left after one night even though we had payed for two, but we were glad to, just to get away!	
Aug 8 2006 	Baffled by positive reviews of the An-Nur	I am not picky about budget hotels. I stayed in a comparably poor hostel in London two weeks prior for much less money. You will be deceived by the cleanliness and facade of the lobby as they are the cleanest aspects of this hotel.  My wife and I stayed at the An-Nur hotel July 27 through July 31, the last 4 nights of a two week trip to England and I felt suckered for booking this DUMP after reading the dishonest reviews on another website. We paid $108 a night, which I realize is nothing for London in July. If I hadn't already paid, I'd never have stayed here. Pay more and sleep well. The staff are nice, but the hotel is a dump. I wish I could have seen the rooms people who have written positive reviews on this website are referring to, because I don't understand how anyone can say anything positive about the facilities themselves. The hotel is disgusting. Stains everywhere but the lobby. It's the kind of place that makes you feel dirty the moment the elevator doors open onto your floor. We stayed in a room on the first floor. It was DISGUSTING! The sheets, towels, and bathroom counter were the only things clean about the hotel. You won't want to sit on the bed or walk without shoes on the floor. There is a telephone in the room, BUT it doesn't work. Not Safe.  There is a drain in the middle of the bathroom floor because the whole bathroom serves as the shower. You can LITERALLY sit on the toilet and take a shower at the same time. The shower sprays all over the toilet and would fill it up if you left the lid up while showering. The shower &quot;curtain&quot; is so close to the shower head you have to practically wrap yourself in it like a cape if you want to prevent it from soaking the disgusting, worn, moldy, bathroom floor, (which incidently floods when you take a shower.) If I haven't persuaded you NOT to stay here, then I don't think anything will. Bring flip-flops for the shower. Better yet.... Just stay in a hostel and save yourself some money. This is one sad hotel.  Never ate the breakfast after reading the reviews, but sure heard everyone else eating in the atrium below our window at 6:30 am.  Believe the reports about loud garbage collection at the An-Nur Hotel. The Thisleton Kennsington Gardens Hotel around the corner (probably a &quot;real&quot; hotel) has a dumpster just outside the windows on the back of the An-Nur Hotel that its staff throw bags of empty wine bottles into at late and early hours 1:00 am and 4:30 am during our stay. Garbage was collected and woke us up at 6:00. Hotels comparable to this one line the street , Queensburough Terrace, look at them before you stay here. Pay more if you have to, but please DON'T STAY HERE. Please. I feel bad for the staff because they work in such a dodgy establishment. ----Josh, California	
Jul 22 2006 	Don't get to know Anna	Our travel agent booked this hotel for us in London. Although the location is convenient to two tube stops there is little else good to say. Read the other reviews, we would concur. The rooms were hot, extremely small, carpets and walls were dirty, non-working phones, small television with about three channels. We had two rooms for my wife and three older children. The only salvation was that we were gone most of the day. I travel a lot for business and this is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.	
Jul 15 2006	Good location for film makers making movies of down and out in London	On arrival in London on the evening of the 29th June , my girlfriend checked in at the hotel to be told that there was a power fault on the floor our room was situated , and that we would have to move hotels . She was subsequently told that the hotel was undergoing refurbishment. Other people were checking in successfully ( notably a large party of Japanese tourists ) We were moved to across the road, the Hotel An-Nur. This was the grubbiest hotel I have had the misfortune to stay in. The floor our room was located on had a filthy carpet with stains as did our room . The room was extremely small , and had a broken down curtain rail. There were cigarette burns in the curtains. There were no coffee or tea making facilities , and there were stains on the bathroom and shower floor. Really unacceptable .. as my girlfriend stated, it was like a film location for intravenous drug users .I went across to the original hotel and asked for alternate accommodation. I was told that the hotel was full &quot; due to Wimbledon &quot; , and that no other hotels/rooms were available. I asked how other guests were able to receive rooms when my booking was made two weeks earlier, and secondly that no attempt had been made either by email or phone to inform me of the situation. No adequate reponse was given. We had no choice but to stay in the room, then speak to the day manager the following morning.The day manager was helpful, in that he apologised , and informed us compensation would be available through your website . We were not the only patrons who had made complaints re the hotel An-Nur after being moved.Copy of my complaint to the booking website..I received 22% compensation of my cost for this :-( My heart goes out to the newly weds in the previous review who had the bad luck to stay there too .	
Jul 5 2006	YUCK	My husband and i arrived here after 11 hours of travel, on our honeymoon, we weren't expecting too much, we aren't high maintenance at all, but this place is awful. I don't like to say negative things, but i have to say, don't stay here if you have ANY desire to enjoy ANYTHING about where you stay. May as well be a hostel. The rooms are tiny, which is OK if you don't mind stubbing your toes everytime you try to move at all! The phones don't work at all... and they won't let you use their phone. They lock the doors at night and there is a sign that says ring bell to enter when door is locked...NO BELL... they sleep on the couch and hopefully hear you when you get back. It just wasn't a nice experience.. and as for the breakfast, great if you like stale bread and rice crispies, because that is ALL you have to choose from. Not to mention it is an OVEN in the hot little box of a room, and the window must remain WIDE open for any hopes of breathing, which, in turn, leaves for a restless night of sleep, constant LOUD garbage collection...just NOT anywhere near ideal. I suppose we are mostly upset with the fact that they advertise as newly remodeled with phone/internet, etc... they have NEVER remodeled, when i asked if certain rooms were remodeled, he laughed and said &quot;no, no remodel, all rooms same&quot;...don't go here unless you were planning on a hostel and they were all booked....worth spending a few extra dollars to go anywhere else....our humble opinion.....the newlyweds...	
May 22 2006	Cold Showers poor service	Ok so we didn't expect much from a cheap hotel, whilst the location is good there is nothing else good about this hotel. We were charged for parking £20 for 24 hours and then sent down the road to a mate of the concierge to park, when we could have parked on the road for free but did'nt realise untll we left. We had no hot water for our entire stay. So we had to endure stone cold showers in a bathroom where you have to nearly stand on the toilet while you are in the shower there is so little room. We complained about the cold showers to reception, it seemed like they new very well that this was the case and could do nothing to help us, apart from say that if we booked to stay again they would give us a discount. (I don't think so) The rooms are terrible, the decor is falling off, the road noise is bad, the lift feels like it needs replacing before it falls off. The staff, whilst most are tryiing quite hard, struggle to converse in English.I would not stay here again, it is cheap, but there are cheaper that are better value	
Oct 29 2005	I sure WOULD stay at the AN-NUR hotel again	We stayed in this hotel from Sept 30 thru Oct 6. The staff is very cordial and the rooms very clean. The Continental breakfast is good and more than adequate. There are many ethenic restaurants nearby and also several tube stations within several blocks. Kensington Palace is a short walk and there is a shopping center several blocks away. It is a convenient location. The rooms are small, but if you plan on sightseeing most of the day, they are fine. The bathroom has a unique arrangement of the facilities. It takes some adjusting to. Steve and Linda YoungFloridasty39@hotmail.com	
May 3 2005 	Best value hotel for basics	If you don't expect much for the price you pay then you won't be disappointed. The rooms/decor is falling apart but the rooms are extremely clean. Breakfast is all you can expect for this price. The staff with the exception of the breakfast staff (who don't smile) are the best i've experienced - all are very happy and helpful. This hotel does not try to rip you off like so many others. Great location. I make this my regular hotel when i come to London. RobNZ	
Apr 17 2005 	Would not stay in An-Nur again	I was travelling in London with a larger group of whom many had stayed in London before so we knew what to expect from the cheap hotel. We chose this hotel since it was advertised in tour-operator catalogues and we thought it is at least somekind of guarantee of the Hotel quality. We were wrong - I seriously wonder if this hotel has really been checked by those travel industry people who sell it for tourists. Staff seems to speak many languages, except English. Stairs are hard to climb with suitcases. Rooms are lousy - even by the &quot;London standards&quot;. Yes, the bathroom is really tiny, but I guess you cannot expect anything else with the room of a shoebox size. One colleague of mine even had to sleep with her hat on - the window was broken and could not be closed even for the night. The breakfast deserves hardly to called &quot;a breakfast&quot;: its mainly coffee and bread, not much else. The location is good, but consider paying few pounds more and get a real hotel.	
Apr 5 2005	Noooo!	Booked the An-Nur by virtue of its price, and the favourable reviews on this website. Whilst this isn't the worst of budget hotels in London, I'm certain you can do better, even at this price. The first room that I was allocated had a curtain rail which immediately fell down on my head upon closing the curtains! The second room was a little better (ie. nothing fell off the walls) but both rooms (and bathrooms) were tiny, terribly 'tired' and shabby - the whole place is in dire need of a thorough refurbishment. On the plus side, the bed linen and bathrooms were very clean (despite their condition) and the location is very handy - just a couple of minutes' walk from Queensway Tube.	
Mar 26 2005	A work-out	I stayed at the An-Nur hotel 21/03-25/03, and well, it was interesting. Me and my friend stayed in a twin room, and it was the smallest twin room I have ever encountered. This was small even for London budget hotel. But not so small it wasn't manageable. The bathroom was even smaller. You could sit on the toilet while showering and brushing your teeth. When you showered the water got everywhere, and there was no way of drying it. Mind you, you do get your money's worth at the An-Nur. It is very cheap. We paid £84 each for 4 nights. Our view was of a parking lot and an alley, so not the best, but cudos for the possibility of sitting on the ledge of the window. TV with 7 channels with all good reception was nice. Breakfast is cereals, white bread with jam or cheese, croissants and rolls, milk, apple- and orange juice. Staff was very friendly. + for snack machines in the lobby. - for elevator out-of-service. We lived on the 5th floor, and carrying a 15 kg suitcase 5 flights of stairs is a hassle. So is carrying a whole bunch of shopping bags while wearing high heels. But also a good thing seeing that we could have a piece of cake for lunch and work it off walking back up to our room later. ;)	
Dec 20 2004	Nothing to fear!	I stayed there with my wife 17th-19th Dec.-04, my last stay at this hotel was in 1992. The room/bathroom was small and a bit worn, but clean and tidy. The breakfast area was nice, and the food OK.Our room was at 6th floor, and with the elevator out of order we got some good exercise as well. Cheap hotel (to be in London). Good value for money. Helpful staff.	
Oct 31 2004	Great hotel if you forget the bathroom	The staff was great and humorous, excluding the rude Russian(?) breakfast staff. Location is also excellent as there are two subway stations nearby, offering access to three metrolines. Breakfast was better than I expected as it wasn't just jam and toast style continental breakfast, however no sign of meat and fruits... Beds were nice to sleep and TV had some watchable channels. But then the bathroom - I guess the Brittish bathroom designers must still be living at some dark centuries in the past. Otherwise it cannot be explained, why the bathrooms are so tiny that there is no room to take shower and if one manages to do that, then the bathroom floor will be wet for the rest of your stay as not all of the water will go in the drain and there is nothing to dry it.	
Oct 4 2004	Small rooms	On arriving the staff were very friendly and this was evident all through our stay. We had a lovely continental breakfast with hot coffee, croissaints and bread rolls with cheese in the lovely light and airy conservatory. Everything was really clean.On the downside. We were really looking forward to our stay in London and the An Nur seemed to fit the bill. What a disappointment. The room we were given was very small (about 7ft wide then narrowing to 4ft at the door way to accomodate the ensuite.) The cupboard to store clothes had no door and was about 2 feet wide. The mirror was missing from the wall in the bed area leaving 2 screws. We had a chair at the side of the bed that had to be moved about to get into the cupboard and then into the bathroom and again to get out of the room.I had to climb over my partner every night to get into the double bed and one of the bedside lights was out of order. At the foot of the bed was a telephone and a tv on the wide window sill. The window was large making the room light despite the net curtain and we were above the breakfast room.The shower and toilet area was also very small. I am only short but found it uncomfortable to shower in such a small area. I kept knocking into the toilet or the tiled walls and the feel of a cold shower curtain is never pleasant.Despite our niggles - On the positive side: - Yes it is opposite Kensington Gardens where you can either stroll along to the Diana Memorial Fountain or walk the other way and see Peter Pan. It has the Big Bus Co. City tour that stops at the road end. It is on the tube line and it has a cafe culture feel just off the highstreet with the local Bayswater shops and cafes. Walk further along the road and you are in Notting Hill. Well situated for exploring.All in all if you are not bothered how big your room is and its not going to affect your stay, then the An Nur is the hotel to suit you.	
Jul 6 2004	Great Staff	A Nice budget hotel that manages to combine great location, near to Bayswater and Paddington, with good facilities, wonderful staff and a reasonable price. Something that very few hotels in the area can manage to do.Facilities are adequate with rooms coming equipped with a walk in shower and TV that manages to get watchable satellite channels (such as Sky 1) as opposed to the usual Eurosport that is the norm at this price.The real acid test is 'would I be willing to stay there again' and to that the answer would definately be yes.	
Oct 7 2009 	Evitatelo!!		
May 29 2009 	Squallidino!		
Nov 17 2008 	Abominevole		
Nov 2 2008 	Se lo conosci lo eviti		
Jun 16 2008 	Ci siamo trovate bene!		
Sep 16 2007 	Schrecklich furchtbar schmutzig...		
Nov 5 2006 	Mieux que le camping ? à peine !		
Mar 26 2006	Katastrophale Zustände		
