Nov 26 2009	VERY VERY NICE HOTEL!	This was our first time in London and we booked this hotel trough internet since it was quite cheap being in the centre of London and we made the right choice, we loved to stay there! The hotel is located in the centre of the town, about 10 minutes from Victoria subway station and about 3 minutes from Pimlico Subaway station, both by feet. Close to it there are some shops who sell food and drinks, some restaurants...the road is very calm and safe also in the evening and there is not much noise. The bus stop is just few steps from the door of the hotel. The road is very nice too, all victorian style. The hotel was clean and nice, the staff is not too much friendly but when we needed something they answered and that is what matters. We had a double room and it was clean, maybe a little small for some other travellers but we have been in smaller places :) Anyway, there was the bed, some space for the suitcases, the wardrobe, chairs and desk...the bathroom was small, there was the shower, the silk. The breakfast is included ( at least with our booking ) it was from 7 am and it is served in a nice and big room so we did not have to wait to have a seat. You can choose among coffee, milk, chereals, brioches, ham and much more! The waitress do their job and ask you if you need something more. In total, we would come back there since the position is very good because with the bus or subway you can easily reach every other place of London, the hotel was safe and clean and was nice, after a tiring day, to come back there!	
Nov 24 2009 	Adequate for most purposes	Given that all one needs is a comfortable bed and hot shower the fact that I could touch opposite walls at the same time (which means I have very long arms or the room is exceptionally small) has little bearing. It is given 4 stars, a push but again clearly the rating doesn't include the square footage of the room or the size of the TV screen. Clean yes, helpfulness at reception, mixed but generally ok. Squeeky floorboards from the room above and considering their room was no bigger than mine there was an awful lot of walking about being done! Continental breakfast - no sleeping in, breakfast finishes at 10am sharp!! For a business traveller with an entourage of paperwork, laptop, files, there is precious little room to work, but the internet was free, one just had to pick up a password from reception every 24 hours, no biggie. Handy, a range of pubs to choose from with reasonably priced food and good beer (if you like British beer). Everything within walking distance, Victoria Stn handy too. Stay there again, probably if I had business in that part of town... on the other hand the Grosvenor on Buckingham Palace Rd looked appealing...	
Nov 15 2009 	Very Clean 	I stayed at Best Western Corona for 5 nights. The location was very good, near Pimlico tube station and bus stop. Staffs were very friendly and very helpful.Breakfast was just moderate. Room and bathroom are small but very clean and well kept. I would stay here again if I come to London next time. :)	
Nov 11 2009 	Good value for the money	My mom and I stayed here for 5 nights for under $900 with breakfast included. It was impeccably clean, but the room was very small with the smallest bathroom I have ever seen! The location was great-close to Pimlico station and if you're energetic, you can walk to Victoria station as well. (we did both). There was no cooked breakfast, but there was plenty of cereal, fruit, yogurt, meat, cheese, toast. The staff was very helpful with maps, directions, etc. I would stay here again-I would just try to get a bigger room.	
Oct 8 2009 	Super location clean small rooms helpful staff	Ten minute walk from Victoria station...great location for central sightseeing. Hotel is small (no bar, restaurant, parking that I observed), elevator smaller and rooms tiny. Rooms had basic necessities, seemed like new and were exceptionally clean. Range of ree wireless internet limited - didn't extend to our 4th floor room. RJC cable provided by front desk (3 pound deposit) worked great. Staff courteous, helpful and gave us great tips on transportation, dining, etc. Numerous pubs and restaurants located about 3 blocks from hotel. Continental breakfast had great selection, fresh foods and meats and very filling.	
Oct 5 2009 	Just fine for basic needs	The purpose of a hotel in London is just to shower &amp; sleep for us &amp; don't need all the amenities, ususally found in USA hotels. The Corona was convenient to all transportation &amp; if you don't mind walking, within distance of several major attractions. The neighborhood had several nice restaurants &amp; an Italian Place on the corner was exceptional. The staff was friendly &amp; the breakfast buffet was adequate. Good value for the money &amp; was nice to come back after sightseeing to a quieter section of town.	
Sep 15 2009 	Clean comfortable London hotel	Good hotel, Room comfortable and clean. No drinking water available in room but reception provided jug of water.Had little extras in room such as Tea/Coffee, toiletries &amp; hairdryer.Location is good, near Pimlico. Regular buses go towards Trafalgar Square. About 10mins from Victoria or 5 mins from Pimlico. Staff were very friendly &amp; helpful.Only bad point is that they don't do a cooked breakfast.	
Jul 31 2009 	nice location	really good location, handy to victoria station. Nice pubs and restaurants in the vicinity. Rooms basic, quite small. We were beside the dining room which we found very noisy as we could hear the staff at 6.45am!!! As a group of 3 we always had a wait to get a table together at breakfast. But for al the time you spend in a hotel when you are sight seeing in london this was a grand choice and good value for money!	
Jul 27 2009 	handy to tourist sights	Very handy to sights ,an 24 bus gets you into Traffalger square from right outside hotel,be aware although it says &quot;English breakfast &quot; this dosnt mean cooked breakfast ! basically its an continental breakfast with sliced ham and slices of cheese	
Jul 27 2009 	Good value for money great location	I travelled with two friends for three nights and paid £335 for B &amp;B for that time for the three of us booking directly through the hotel website. We had a 'family' room - one double and one single bed. It was spotlessly clean and, as I requested a quiet room, we overlooked the internal courtyard. The only negative comment I have is that there is no ventilation in the bathroom and after three showers in the morning it became a bit of a sauna. For the money we paid, we definately didnt' expect as good as we got. Genuinely, I believe the more negative reviews on the website either expected too much or paid way too much! Admitadly breakfast can be a little nuts - the lady serving the tea/coffee and toast does walk around talking to herself and commenting on everyone but once again, for what we paid, we weren't going to complain. The hotel is about 2-3 minutes walk from Pemlico on the Victoria line and about 7-8 minutes from Victoria station which has 4 separate tube lines coming into it. Unfortunatley for us, the Victoria line was closed for maintenence the weekend we were there so we were grateful that Victoria station gave us other options.	
Jul 26 2009 	No moe than a glorified B 	On arrival we were extremely disappoined at the size of the 'double' room. There was hardly any space to maneouvre our suitcase past the furniture. The bathroom door couldn't open fully without moving the bed. To say the room was 'compact' is an understatement. There was insufficient hanging and storage space for two people staying for more than one night. On trying the airconditioning it failed to operate. When we asked at Reception we were told it had not worked for two years and to use the fan provided and open the window. This we did but still found the room temperature to be in excess of 80 deg F. This was unacceptable and caused us sleepless nights due to the heat and the noise and volume of traffic on Belgrave Road. To add to this the water from the cold tap was piping hot therefore we had no alterative but to purchase bottled water from Reception at the rate of £1.50 per 500 mls. This was extortionate and had we realised before we were getting into bed we could have visited the nearby shop.We were astounded to be told that the complimentary biscuits were only made available for the first night of our stay and at a rate of £115 per night adds to our frustration. To top it all, on returning to the Hotel on Sunday 19 July at approximately 6.30 pm we were met by a member of the Reception Team who was standing smoking and spitting on the stairs at the main doorway. This was unacceptable behaviour and does not create a favourable impression of your hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	no air conditioning no screens on the windows	stayed here from july 2-8, right in the middle of a heat wave, no airconditioning, very small room, no screens on the windows and even though we had a 4th floor room, a cat almost jumped into our room (and on my head), in the middle of the night, so, had to keep the window almost shut during this heat wave. Wasn't very comfortable due to the heat. My teenage sons were not comfortable at all, the fan didn't cool off the room at all. Continental breakfast was not very good considering the price paid for the room. the floors in the room were slanted and everything squeezed in really tight. Almost not enough room to open your luggage and live out of it. staff in the lobby not very friendly nor knowledgeable. If you want just the basics, it's okay, but for two teenagers and their mom, certainly not very comfortable. Even the elevator is very small.	
Jul 8 2009 	don't go when hot!	I stayed for 2 nights as I was attending study days in London.Unfortunately it was on the 2 hottest days of the year so far.The airconditioning was broken so I arrived to the very small room equipped with a fan and with the window wide open (luckily I was on the 3rd floor).Later, on reading the hotel in-room guide it was suggested if I needed 'drinking' water a jug could be requested from reception.Puzzled by this I wondered &quot;is this a way of getting foreign travellers to buy bottled water?&quot;-the inference being tap water wasn't OK to drink. No,basically there was no cold water in the room the shower was hot water and whichever way you turned the tap hot water came out! The hotel was fine for what it was but still really expensive - it does concern me that unless you pay top dollar this sort of shoddiness is par for the course in London	
Jul 1 2009 	Very basic	I stayed at this hotel for one night in June as I was attending a conference in the City. My flight was delayed so I didn't arrive until quite late at night and I was away early in the morning so it was a fleeting visit but to be honest that was a blessing in disguise.The room was clean but was very small with a single bed that was fit for purpose but nothing more. There was a shower room rather than a bathroom which is fine, but the tiny wash basin was stuck in a corner beside the shower which made it almost impossible to use for the average sized person. When I arrived the room was also very warm and even with the window fully open didn't get any cooler.Having said all that the location was excellent. It's only 10 minutes walk from Victoria station and is close to Pimlico tube station so it would be perfect for folks wanting to see London and spend as little time as possible in the hotel.Breakfast was basic with no cooked food but more than adequate and although some other reviewers have had bad experiences with the staff I found them fairly anonymous (apart from them grumping about people pushing past them in their native tongue).All in all this would be fine as a place to get your head down if your sightseeing but won't be at the top of my list of places to stay should I be returning on business.	
Jun 8 2009	Absolutely clean	We stayed at the Best Western Corona in the middle of May and the reason why we stayed there is because of all the reviews on Trip Advisor. Yay for you! Anyway, the room is small, but very clean and I find that more important. The smallness of the room didn't matter, as we only used it to sleep in. I loved the location. We were very near to the sights, but it was in a quiet neighborhood. The bus stand was just down the street, so we could get to where we were going very easily. We will definitely stay there again!	
Jun 6 2009 	Very good value great location well kept.	Set in a convenient spot a few minutes walking distance from the Pimlico and Victoria tube stations and walking distance from the major sights of London, BW Corona is, if you rate shop prudently, an excellent value. Rooms are very small -- good for sleeping, showering, and stashing your stuff, but not for relaxing - but clean and well-maintained. The TV is Lilliputian, but who comes to London to watch TV? I booked Sunday through Tuesday nights for a total of 208 GBP, and a subsequent Saturday night for 72 GBP, which included the quite decent continental breakfast. Rooms facing Belgrave Avenue are noisy - the traffic never dies, and it's very loud. As other reviewers have noted, the staff is oddly morose and chilly, utterly oblivious to simple pleasantries (much less to warm engaging of customers) that might make their guests feel welcome, valued, and, you know, want to come back.... nary a smile from any of them, almost grudging thank yous, and not the slightest effort to generate good cheer and human connection. Wake up, guys -- I don't personally make hotel decisions based on that, but it certainly does influence me. That noted, for the price and location, and considering London's hotel rates in general, Corona is a good value, and especially if you can get a top floor room facing away from the street, quite worth booking.	
May 4 2009 	Better than expected	Me and 2 friends stayed at Corona from 1 May to 3 May 2009. We booked a familiar room (1 single bed and a double bed) and the room we get was n.º 106, on the first floor. As many said before, there's not much space in the room but the cleanliness was very good and that, i think, is the most important thing.Talking about the service, i should say it was average. Personally i expected more welcoming staff...But, in the end, the hotel is just a place to sleep as London don't give you time for stay &quot;at home&quot; for too long.The room we stay in was on the first floor, on the back side of the hotel, very quiet at the night.Breakfast was a surprise as i expected something not so good. It's a Continental breakfast that includes, as far i remenber: bread, croissants, cereals, milk, coffe, tea, fruit, cheese, toasts, jam, butter, ham, juice. The breakfast room is not that big and you may need to wait a little before get a table.The location is great, walking distance from many places that one must see. Victoria Station (Train, Tube and Coach) is 10 min (max) walking distance, and you have also Pimlico Tube Station in the area.Finally i should talk about the value. We paid £260 for the 2 nights, and i think it's a good value according to the area.All in all if i have to go to London again in the next few days, i will not have any problem in choosing Corona as my hotel.	
Mar 30 2009 	Reasonably priced	Reasonably priced hotel, rooms not big, the double bed rather small, bathroom very small, but all clean and acceptable. But the breakfast is served by two most unfriendly ladies, never heard of a smile, never heard of service, every question is one too many.	
Mar 22 2009 	Best Western Corona central safe and clean	I visit London early July2008. As I was travelling alone I want a good and safe hotel from a good hotel chain. I found this hotel on the internet . The price per night was 75 pounds ( average ) with breakfast, which was very good. I booked directly at Best Western site. My room was on the first floor with a very nice view of Belgrave Road. A very quiet zone with many hotels in victorian houses. I think it is a safe and quiet zone. There are several restaurants and pubs on the way from Victoria Station to the BW Corona.The bathroom was big with a cabin shower, very modern, and the toillet, all very clean. My bed was fine. The staff was very helpful. Keep in mind London is a very expensive city so it will not be easy to find an ensuite room for less on this excellent neighborhood. The hotel was in Pimlico, 5 blocks south of Victoria Station, excellect location, and 2 blocks north from Pimlico Station. I booked several tours with Golden Tours . Their office is in front of Victoria station so it was ideal for me. I recommend this hotel. It is not luxury , but it is safe and clean.	
Mar 12 2009 	Reasonable hotel - unreasonable staff.	Overal clean and bright hotel with a tidy, if a bit worn, room that was cleaned daily. VERY small bathroom even for a size XS girl, but with plentiful hot water coming out of a power shower! Continental breakfast - no hot options. BEWARE: &quot;Breakfast bat&quot; - a mean rude housekeeping supervisor that gives out stink if you dare to arrive five minutes prior to the end of breakfast session - the reson for it &quot;no time for you, breakfast ladies need other work to do! &quot; That is to challenge those who claim the customer is the key to the hotel industry! Arrive in time to catch some milk and watever else otherwise you will have to fight for it at 9 something am on the morning of your not-so-cheap trip carefully planned in this uneasy for all times.	
Mar 12 2009 	Adequate hotel in good location. Rooms small.	Had a stopover in London, so booked the Best Western Corona with air miles.Most of the previous comments are valid. The single room that I booked was really small, and when they say single, they mean it. I can't figure out how they would have placed another person in this room. The room also faced Belgrave Road, which is pleasant, but loud, even on a Sunday morning.This said, the hotel is about a 5 minute walk from Pimlico Tube stop, or a 10 minute walk from Victoria station, with the major coach and rail services in the area. Location is pretty good, and this part of Westminister is safe and not dodgy at all.Room came with free Internet access (wired or wi-fi for laptops), and a TV that did not work. The bathroom is small, with a shower stall only, and (yes) a very small sink. And surely, they could pitch in for a face towel?That said, the room was perfectly clean, the foyer is tidy, and the hotel ambiance was clean and well-maintained. Since this was a booking by points, I don't know if this was good value or not (though easyhotel is just around the corner), but this part of town is relatively safe and centrally located.	
Oct 11 2008 	Very pleasant ideal for short stay	10 minute casual walk from Victoria Station. Very clean, friendly staff and excellent breakfast. I shall stay here again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Value for money	Stayed at Corona back in August. Rooms are very small but were modern and clean. Hotel is in a great location and was perfect for a couple of days break in London over the weekend.Breakfast was great, couldnt have asked for better. Service was ok, only criticism would be the lack of an iron/ironing board in the rooms. But these were available from reception upon request.	
Sep 28 2008	A very very pleasant stay!	We stayed in a triple room for 3 nights and we were very satisfied. The room and bath were very clean, the staff was friendly and helpful. A great location, one station away from Victoria Station. Little supermarkets and groceries around. The continental breakfast was not that good, but enough for the price. There was a nice Indian restaurant round the corner with a paparazzi-picture showing young lady di infront the restaurant, running away from the photographers! Thas was funny and a bit strange! Will book this hotel again when I will be back in my beloved London in April 2009!	
Aug 15 2008 	Basic London Mid Price Hotel	We were just looking for a mid range priced hotel in London. Just somewhere to &quot;crash&quot; after a days sightseeing.We booked this hotel as it was extermely handy for Pimlico Tube Station &amp; Victoria Train Station. The Tate, Buck Palace,Science /Nat History/ &amp; the V &amp; A Museums are also just a 20 minute walk away.As stated before we only wanted a basic room.The room was clean, BUT, the Air Con was broken &amp; it was extermely hot. They had placed a fan in the room, but this was not much help. Also the TV was nowhere near suitable. Just a basic 18&quot; portable with every channel not set up properly.AGAIN, You get what you pay for &amp; it was just a place to collapse in at night.Plenty of extermly good placed to eat around that area.Thia/Chinese/Indian, you name it it was there.If I had to choose again I would look elsewhere, but all in all it was OK.	
Aug 4 2008 	what a fiasco	We booked this hotel months in advance for a weekend theatre break for our 22nd Wedding anniversary. When we arrived, they told us that they had a problem with rooms available ! They told us that they had moved us to their sister hotel down the road 100 yards. However, when we got to this hotel it was also full and claimed not to have received the fax from Best Western Corona. So, we went back to the best western corona, who then decided that they could re-arrange some rooms. They gave us a small dingy room in the basement with a bathroom the size of a matchbox. The breakfast was adequate but nothing special. Then to cap it all, they charged us more than the pre-arranged price, by putting through the card transaction without showing the total price. We have stayed in Best Wester Hotels many times before which were good, BUT we will think twice before booking with them again.	
Jul 23 2008 	Good Location	Myself and 2 freinds booked a family room to share for the weekend at this hotel. The location was great, just 5 minutes from Victoria and the 24 bus stops on the street that is on a very good route. Taxis to Leicester Square area are only about £12 so after a night out you don't have to worry about getting home.The room itself was a decent size, clean and airy. Only problem was it was very very warm, even with the window open for two days and the fan constantly on. Breakfast is your usual continental breakfast served in a busy breakfast room, but it's enough to set you up for the day. Staff we friendly and stored our luggage on our last day so we didn't have to drag them all over London.I'd definitely stay here again as it's also very good value for money in London.	
Jun 11 2008 	A nice hotel at a good location	My girlfriend and I was looking for a descent hotel close the city center and found the Corona while looking at different websites. The location is great, just a few minutes walk from the closest tube station (Pimlico) and with Victory within walking distance.The hotel is nothing special, but it offers good location, small but clean rooms combined with a good price. It was a great startingpoint for our weekend in London. Some other reviews mention &quot;thin walls&quot; but we didn't notice that at all, maybe because our room was at the lower ground floor and the neighbouring rooms was for staff and the breakfast room.Check out time is 11 am and the hotel offers a luggage room if you need to leave your bags there for a while (i.e. a late flight home like we had).I would definitely recomend a stay at the Corona if you are looking for a centrally located hotel with descent prices.	
Jun 10 2008 	Single Room Very Small on Noisy Street	Two nights at $136 including continental breakfast in uncomfortably small room. My single was in the middle of floor two, according to fire escape drawing perhaps the smallest room. I would guesstimate 7 by 6 feet. Little tv up on shelf. Bathroom for a dollhouse. The Good: Excellent front desk staff; white tablecloth breakfast room for the continental service in basement; close to Pimlico Tube station. HOWEVER, I chose this because of the name Victoria and thought it would be much closer to Victoria Coach Station. I was returning from a trip to Wales. What a long haul dragging suitcase from Victoria Coach Station, wondering where the hotel was going to be with block after block of white townhouses turned into hotels. Belgrave Road is LOUD! The single rooms face Belgrave Road. There was a musty single in the back without decent light due to tiny windows that I was offered since I complained about the noise from Belgrave. I couldn't breathe that air and had to live with the window open to Belgrave in the original room assignment. I will share picture of room here for your own decision. I saw a back room with a large bed when the maid was cleaning. Those people are probably satisfied but I don't know what price they have to pay. Yes, the decor is updated. Doors have been replaced and bathroom is fully tiled. Yes, it is clean. Never saw such a small sink. No grocery stores closeby - restaurants within walking distance too expensive for USD spenders. I was very miserable during this stay as the bed was also too soft!	
Jun 8 2008	Great value for Central London	Stayed here for 2 nights as emergency accomadation after our initial London accomadation plans fell through. Good service from check in staff, lovely warm comfy room with clean bathroom. Excellent location, close to Victoria station and walking distance to a lot of tourist attractions. Good basic breakfast. Price very good for central London. Would reccomend to anyone looking to stay in Central London for a couple of days.	
May 1 2008	Decent London Hotel	Stayed in the Corona for 1 night in Sept '07. Thought it was a cracking little London hotel. My room was based on the ground floor and was very spacious with good facilities. Staff were very friendly and the hotel is loacted very near to Pimlico tube station so it is ideal for anything around that area or just a few tube stops into the west end/central London.	
Mar 24 2008 	Good neighbourhood	Yes, the rooms are very small. But for a short stay if you want to stay in this area of London it is a good choice. Clean bathroom - but dont plan to wash anything else than your hands in the basin unless you want water all over the floor. An added electrical radiator was an unexpected and welcome bonus since english houses tend to be cold indoors in March. The breakfast was ok (nothing to write home about). I got what I paid for. (65 GBP/night)	
Mar 17 2008 	Great triple room	Spent a girls weekend at this centrally located hotel. Triple room was very spacious and very good value for money. Hotel very clean and pleasent, and staff helpful and friendly. Short walk to Houses of Parliament or Buckingham Palace. We will definately use this hotel again.	
Mar 2 2008	Tiny tiny room	Hmmm, well all I was looking for was a cheap place close to Victoria station before an early morning flight from Gatwick.Price was £50 for the night which is cheap for London but outrageous for places like the USA. My room was very very small - more like a student room than a hotel. This is travelling at its most basic. However, location is pretty good for Victoria station which was a 10 min walk with suitcase.Main problem was that the hotel is on a noisy main road and there is little sound insulation. Similarly, I could hear my neighbours pretty intimately! Bathroom was also very small and basic.All in all - exceptionally basic but close to the station if all you want is a place to put your head.	
Feb 4 2008 	OK for Brief Stay	I stayed at the Corona Hotel for one night. Having arrived early in the morning, the room was not ready yet, but the front desk gentleman was very kind, and invited me to eat breakfast compliments of the hotel. When I came back in the afternoon, the room was clean, but very small. The bathroom also was very clean, but again very small. It had the smallest corner sink I had ever seen, I did not know they were manufactured that small. Overall, for one night in London, if you are using the place to just sleep, it was just fine.	
Dec 21 2007 	Compact Hotel.	Stayed for 3 nights, 1 double room with breakfast. Had breakfast 1st morning and decided to not bother as it was very basic, but this was not a problem for us. Yes the rooms are compact, and bathrooms are tiny only room for 1 person. Overall very pleasant stay and the front office staff were very welcoming. The only thing that was very annoying was the chamber maid kept slamming, the entrance door to the tiny corridor outside the bedroom, and well we were only 20 minutes pass check out time. Would stay again providing the price was OK...	
Nov 16 2007 	Important Feedback	Poor reception when I arrived, no customer care.Double room extremely small and facilities basic but clean. Decoration poor. Wash hand basin miniscule with no room around it. TV remote control did not work but was eventually provided with another.No bar or restaurant. I had to ask for advice on where to eat.Room cold and no central heating but had a heater that worked.Receptionist did not even say Good morning the next morning!Continental breakfast below average and customer care poor again. Had to pay for newspaper and was not advised of thisLocation pleasant.Altogether a disappointing stay and do not intend to stay at this hotal again.	
Nov 9 2007 	Better Than Expected	We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and having read some of the reviews AFTER we booked we were a little concerned about the hotel. However, in the main we had a good stay and would stay there again if in the area.The staff were friendly on arrival and the rooms were compact (we booked a family room for three people) and you had to dodge round a bit sometimes. As we planned to spend most of our time seeing the sights of London this was ok.The bathroom was fine and as others have said, the shower had plenty of space and was fairly powerful. When we have stayed in a family room before we have had to ask for extra towels as they usualyy only leave two of everything. It was nice to find we had three of everything for a change.Everything was clean and we did not have any 'smells' that other guests reported. Our room was on the second floor at the front of the hotel and although there was some noise from the street it did not cause any real problems.The only problem was the breakfast room which is small for the number of rooms in the hotel. There are only 30 seats available and unless you get there for the start of breakfast or the end of serving there is uaually a queue to get a table.We also found that it is set for couples and if there are three or more people, it could be difficult to get seats together.We tried to move two tables together on the first morning and the restaurant manageress went a bit over the top and told us we could not move the tables (someone else made a comment about her in a previous review). We insisted and asked to bring the hotel manager if it was a problem and she backed away and was very pleasant with us for the rest of our stay. So stand your ground to get the seating you want. Oh and you only get complimentary biscuits for the first day of your stay which seemed a little on the mean side. If you booked in everyday you would get them!There is a little Italian restaurant just up the road ' SOLE MIO' which is reasonably priced and the food is top quality.The hotel is just 4-5 minutes walk from Pimlico Underground which is on the Victoria line which is handy for central London and also runs directly to Euston Station if you arrive by train. You can get a day rover ticket for £5.10 after 9.30am which lasts for the remainder of the day.generally a thumbs up and we would stay again.	
Oct 30 2007 	Not impressed	Hotel is not in a bad location, but is not nearly as close to the Victoria Station as advertised. Front desk staff were very weak and unhelpful. Eg. asked for advice on a bus tour and reply was to go to Victoria Station and look for the buses. Asked for directions to Wembley Stadium, yet the clerk didn't know how to get there. Calling the rooms tiny would be an understatement. When you bend over in the bathroom makes sure you have the door open or you'll be bumping into it.Breakfast was okay, but certainly not up to British standards and the staff were bored and disinterested. And the temperature in the room was impossible to control.......very hot and humid and we couldn't get the a/c to come on. The room and hotel were clean and a free newspaper was provided, but overall I couldn't recommend this place.	
Oct 21 2007 	Would not go back	The room was the smallest, smelliest and most expensive place we have ever been in. We were winding down our trip to England and looking forward to London after 45years since we went there. What a disappointment in the Hotel. We had to spray the room but still could not get rid of the smell. The bathroom was so small and the room was wedged inbetween the elevator and the cleaners room. Being an old building the floors creaked. On our last night we were to be up early for a flight out and the people above were so noisy. Could not wait to get out of there. As we were prebooked we could not leave, but the experience dampened our trip tremendously.	
Sep 27 2007 	Awful treatment	This hotel canceled my reservation eleven days prior to my arrival without contacting me, despite having my email address and home phone number. I arrived to find that I had nowhere to stay after the first night. I was offered no assistance until I requested management. The manager promised to help us find another room the following day. The room they gave us for the night was on the ground floor and extremely noisy. The hotel staff treated us like Lepers as we entered or exited the hotel that night to make phone calls to find another place. They would not let us use their phone without a service fee. The following morning we found that the hotel manager CALLED IN SICK! I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. Although the location is good for sightseeing, the area is noisy and the hotel staff inconsiderate. At over $180 (U.S.) per night you would be better off staying outside the city and take the underground railway into the city during the day. The transportation system in the UK is convenient and cheap.	
Sep 27 2007 	Basic but clean	We chose Corona because of the reviews here, stating that the hotel was relatively clean. This turned out to be true, so we won't complain about that.In fact we won't complain about a lot; we got what we payed for which was a basic London budgetclass hotel.The breakfast was ok, but not any more than that. The room was small, placed on lower ground floor (I call that a cellar), but everything was clean, which was what we wanted in the first place.	
Sep 24 2007 	Give it a wide berth	Small and cramped is the best way to describe this hotel. I must have stayed somewhere different compared to the 'small and luxurious' hotel being described by some of the writers.The Receptionist on arrival was friendly and helpful. The Receptionist on departure asked 'which room' and 'enter you PIN'. No other words. The breakfast staff, of which there appeared to be 2 were incredibly busy - more on the food later, but didn't appear to be welcoming guests.The room - I booked a single as I was travelling alone. There must be bigger cells in HM Prisons as to the room I stayed in. The room was about the width of two and a half single beds and depth of one and a half. There were 3 windows. Two were incredibly small and the third had been painted over with black paint. The curtains were matching but one piece of fabric which didn't fully cover the window (although there was a cream coloured fabric covering the glass. I had to stand on the bed or the chair to see out of the window.The desk had 3 drawers, one of which had been removed. The bottom drawer held the kettle and cup, some tea, coffee etc. The hairdryer which was fixed was adequate but you had to hold your hand on the button to keep it going.At the bottom of the bed there was a wardrobe, with no door and a tray stand inside with a 14&quot; portable on top of the wardrobe.The ensuite consisted of a shower, toilet and wash-hand basin. Again it was incredibly small, room only to stand between the loo and shower. The towels were quite hard and seemed to be fairly old. The shower was hot with good pressure.The room was tidied and bed made but the linen on the bed wasn't changed though I did receive fresh towels.The selection from room service was disgraceful. 3 hot meals consisting of Tomato Soup, Lasagne and Cannonilli. The rest was sandwiches.The breakfast room was located in the basement of the building. It was filled to over flowing when I went down. I hovered for a bit before I was given a table. The breakfast consisted of orange and apple juice (glasses were slow in coming), cereal (4 types), fruit (4 types - one was prunes and another grapefruit), hard small rolls, croissants, ham and cheese. Tea and coffee. Toast came as I was leaving but no butter or jam. Another guest was put at my table as she was on her own also. It would have been nice to have been asked.This is most definitely NOT a hotel I would recommend. If possible give it a wide berth - spend the extra £20 on something more adequate.	
Sep 6 2007 	Pleasant little hotel in a good location	We spent a week in London at the Best Western Corona in late August and ultimately decided we had made an excellent choice. Americans used to the unlimited expanses of the great plains might find the compactness of the rooms at a moderately-priced big city hotel surprising, but as residents of New York City, we did not. If we were judging the Best Western Corona as a trendy luxury hotel for jetsetters, well...it's not, nor does it pretend to be. But by the typical and reasonable standards of this type of city hotel, the Corona came out well and gave us a pleasant stay.Here's our experience:We arrived late in the evening and at first were given a room on basement level -- this one *was* tiny, airless, and so close to the breakfast room that we feared excessive noise in the morning. Gentle reader, do remember: one doesn't have to accept the first room any hotel offers! We immediately asked for another room, which was cheerfully granted. The room we were given was on the 4th floor and actually had a lovely distant view of Big Ben, the London Eye and the Swiss Re building. It was small, but a bit bigger than the other one -- and those few extra square feet made all the difference.Like all hotels on Belgrave Road, the Best Western Corona is comprised of what were once Georgian houses, now connected as one structure. Although perfectly modernized, there's a bit of an old-timey hotel experience in staying in an antique building that is not made of concrete and steel. The neighborhood is wonderful; it's extremely safe, quiet, and pretty and mostly residential off Belgrave Road, yet has delightful restaurants and plenty of services tucked away nearby. (In our case, after two previous weeks of travel, we were happy to find the nearby laundrette!) The transportation options are excellent at all hours. The neighborhood is removed from the party crowd yet makes a lovely &quot;home base&quot; for touring London because the Pimlico tube stop is close by and you can easily zip to all the popular tourist sites of London very quickly. If you prefer to walk, you can even take a most pleasant stroll along the Thames to the Tate museum or to Westminster Abbey and Parliament. Buses too are frequent and taxis are easily hailed, or can be quickly called by the front desk.The hotel's rooms *are* small, but attractively furnished and well-maintained. Our room was spotlessly clean, and efficiently laid out: adequately comfortable for the typical needs of guests but definitely no standing room to host a crowd! Your luggage remains in view in a storage unit. There was a small desk that featured a free high speed internet connection (just ask at the front desk to switch it on). WiFi is available in the lobby. As is typical in the UK, there was also an electric kettle on a tray with coffee, tea, and biscuits. Our bed was comfortable -- we slept well -- and the linens were soft. The bathroom matched the small scale of the room, but was also comfortable -- we had enough towels and the shower was a nice size, with plenty of hot water too. There is no airconditioning, but the oscillating fan kept us comfortable, day or night, (and this was in August, with sunny warm days); our room faced the rear, which was absolutely quiet, so we kept the window open our entire stay and delighted in the view too. However, if there had been an outright heatwave, a fan alone might not have been enough. Breakfast was a simple delight. We never had to wait for a table, even when the hotel was full. On the buffet were peaches, stewed prunes, plain and strawberry yogurts, danish, croissants, wholewheat rolls, several cereals (including Special K), mueusli, ham, sliced cheese, cottage cheese, orange juice, apple juice, coffee and tea. Guests sit in an simple but attractive dining room at tables with tablecloths, and they then bring you a rack of warm toast (white or wholegrain) with butter and jams, plus they refill coffee and tea as you eat. We enjoyed meeting some of the other guests at breakfast too.The staff was friendly and helpful to us in all matters. There were complimentary newspapers and magazines (Men's Health, Reader's Digest, etc.) in the lobby too. We stored luggage for a few hours after we checked out, as we had some time before our flight, but I agree with another reviewer that it wasn't clear how much security was actually offered in doing this -- the closet seemed too accessible. There was no safe in the room, so we kept our passports on us at all times and we did take the precaution of deferring housekeeping services if our laptop had not been put away. But these precautions were based on our own travel smarts: there was nothing about the hotel staff that aroused any distrust.All in all, we left London congratulating ourselves on having made a wise hotel choice that, for London, was pleasant, clean, comfortable, and well-located without being tremendously costly. We'll be happy to stay here again on our next trip.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great hotel at a great location	I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend a few years ago, in winter and I must say that it's a beautiful place to stay, the bedroom always was clean, the bathroom is big and everything seems new for each visitor. They have a free continental breakfast with cereals, juice, hot milk, coffe, cookies and many other things.The hotel is near Victoria Station (10 minutes by foot aprox.) and you have a tube station 2 minutes away from the hotel aprox. Although you can walk to many attractions like Big Ben, British London Eye or Trafalgar Square, I like walk by the cities I visit so if you like walk too, it's a great thing to do to visit in a different way the city.	
Aug 30 2007 	very pleasant stay	We stayed there for 7 nights-18-24 August. The hotel was clean except a terrible smell the first day-we had to run to a convenient store in order to buy scented candles. Breakfast was poor in selection but what it included was of good quality.However, the breakfast room is very stuffed! We practically, were all seated in the same table! The staff was very helpful, both in the reception and in the breakfast room.The hotel is situated 2 min from Pimlico station and 5 min from Victoria, the bus stop is just opposite the hotel -very convenient. Bus no 24 can take you to Trafalgar sq. or Leicester sq in just 10 min.Do not expect much, but for the price you pay I would recommend it and would definately stay there again. However it is not a 4 star hotel as it states!No way!ANTONIS+MARINA GREECE	
Jul 15 2007 	A room or a closet?	Living in the US spoils us all! The Corona, a 3-star? This would be considered a youth hostel in the US!!  This place is SMALL! Be very careful and do not stay there during a London heatwave if you cannot take the heat. The fan in the room is tiny and barely adequate. Thank god no heatwave when I stayed (Jul8-10). The bathroom was just 1/2 the size of the tiny room. No room for a desk and chair, tiny single bed that was pretty lumpy. The place passes as adequate because it was clean with no sign of pests. Only 2 small towels provided NOT ENOUGH...one pillow (no room for anymore). Do not bring valuables! There is no hotel safe and I would not trust the front desk. One evening I returned and my valuables could not be located. It took threats and a confrontation before the receptionist located a bag OUTSIDE OF THE SAFE with my valuables. Sounds like a youth hostel!  Breakfast: simple rolls, cereals, danishes. Nothing special.  This hotel needs a room safe, more towels, and perhaps some air conditioning to be considered a 2-star in the US. In London? I say spend some money for a 4-star which would probably be a US 3-star.	
Jun 17 2007	Enjoyable stay!	Best hotel bed I have experienced - normally it takes me two or three days to get accustomed. Polite and helpful staff. Excellent breakfast - absoloutely stuffed! Coffee, cerial, mixed fruits, yoghurt, rolls, croissants, cheese, ham and cottage cheese. Could not ask for more! The room was small but adequate, with a colour television and en suite shower - very clean! Personally, I found the rooms very quiet as the hotel is not on a busy road. I had the window open and it was very quiet, so I cannot understand the complaints about noise. I live in the country and any noise would certainly have disturbed me! Very enjoyable will definitely stay there again.Ivor Hobbins, Hampshire, England.	
May 30 2007 	Loved the Corona	I have stayed at the Corona many, many times, and have always enjoyed my visit. I never fail to receive a wonderful greeting from the staff - particularly Anna, Maria, Sejal and Clara - and I find that the location is very convenient for travelling around to see various family members and friends, also for sightseeing. I cannot understand how anyone could be &quot;SCARED&quot; of the breakfast. (review dated July 7, 2004), and would add that I find fruit juice, tea/coffee, cereal, fruit, rolls, croissants, ham, cheese, etc. extremely enjoyable, not &quot;Scary&quot;. Thank you, Corona - already looking forward to next May. Patricia Bannon, Hamilton, Canada	
Apr 19 2007 	Good location comfortable hotel	In Pimlico/Belgravia area, this is a comfortable hotel with fairly modern decor. From what I've read about other hotels, this is well above average and we didn't have any complaints. The road was noisy outside, so if you're a light sleeper ear plugs might be a good idea. A lot of London is noisy through the night and it wasn't that much of a problem. Breakfast was fine, a good selection (continental) with decent coffee. We only stayed for a night but I would definitely stay in this area again as you can walk to Waterloo (not with heavy luggage though) and avoid expensive taxis/underground. We walked everywhere. In the area there are nice resturants, shops and a few pubs and it was perfect for us.	
Feb 25 2007 	A wee gem	We booked a two night stay in London to go and see a show and were lucky enough to get two nights for the price of one in this hotel.The room was comfortable enough. Some may see it as being a little cramped but lets face it, you don't go to London and spend time in your hotel room! There's plenty of storage and wardrobe space. The shower is brilliant, lots of room and really good power. I was really impressed with the bathroom all round.The only downside to this hotel is the breakfast. The dining room is small and cramped and if you go at the wrong time you'll have to queue for a seat. If you aren't up for breakfast when it begins then you are unlikely to ever see the selection of foods on offer. This hotel does continental breakfasts only and the variety of food available is poor. The pastries run out very quickly, the toast will be cold when it arrives and the restaurant staff are very unfriendly. In fact, the head waitress gets quite uppity if you don't hear her shouting across the room whether you would like tea or coffee!We didn't let this put us off though, for the price you are lucky to get breakfast included and there is no short supply of places in the vicinity where you can get a full english breakfast for next to nothing. We did this the second morning of our stay as we couldn't face the breakfast room again.I will definitely stay at this hotel again, although I won't be having breakfast there!	
Jan 20 2007 	A little gem in the city of London	Just spent 3 nights at BW Corona earlier this month and I must say it was quite a plesant experience. I didn't expect much since the price was significantly cheaper than many other hotels in the area but this hotel turned out to be a very good value.The hotel is a property converted from the traditional English residence with British interior decor. Location wise, it's roughly 10 minutes walk to the Victoria Station, which is extremely convenient for me since I had to catch the express train from the station to Gatwick Airport. The room, of course, is your typical European &quot;single&quot; size room - small yet functional, very clean and tidy. Absolutely nothing fancy about it but for the price I paid (less than 50 pounds a night), a clean room with a clean bed is all I need and I got exactly just that. The bathroom is small but the shower area is relatively spacious compared to many other hotels that I stayed in Europe before. Breakfast is included in the price but don't expect much other than cold ham &amp; cheese, juice drink, cold cereal, coffee, etc. One thing worths mentioning is the FREE internet access throughout hotel, which is fantastic and very unusual for London. Most hotels in this town will charge you a premieum for that. Many reviews here complained about the front desk reception which I had absolutely no problem with. Maybe I was lucky but I seem to only encounter the professional and courteous staff at the hotel this time.Overall, I give my thumbs up for BW Corona. I walked passed by quite a few hotels on Belgrave but still like this one the best considering what the hotel offers. I will most definitely stay here again next time when I come back to London.	
Dec 9 2006 	Don't expect to feel welcome.!!!	Arrived early in the day and was almost trampled by a costumer who wanted help with a flooding room!! receptionist couldn't care less.!Rooms are small for the money.In the morning.. went to ask for a bit of tea in the kitchen as there was noone in the restaurant and no food worth eating avalable..Met by polish girl who looked like she had a sour lemon stuck in her mouth and it had been in place for several years.. NO SERVICE WITH A SMILE HERE..!!!Was left feeling awful for asking the misserable sod for a cup of tea. She then proceeded to bring cold toast which she dumped unceremoniously on the table .. NO SMILES HERE..!!Wouldn't go back and wouldn't recommend.Go somewhere else for your hard-earned cash.	
Nov 16 2006 	Nice hotel for the money	The Best Western Corona is a nice hotel. The rooms are small by American standards but clean. The staff was very helpful (The two male night clerks were the best). The closest tub station is Palimico (not sure on the spelling). Maybe a three minute walk. There are several resturants in the area as well as a internet cafe.I would recommend this hotel for anyone.	
Oct 5 2006 	nice little hotel in a quiet neighborhood	This is a 4 star hotel (supposedly) that is located amidst a row of cheap 1- to 3-star hotels. I booked this hotel because of a great weekend rate. My single room and bathroom were very small (typical of London), but the room looked like it had been recently refurbished, with nice clean faux cherry wood and bright colors. The breakfast room gets very crowded, and the continental breakfast was the usual blah British offering. The staff are competent if not very friendly. Belgrave Road is quiet, and you have to walk down to Victoria Station (10-12 min with luggage) if you want to eat. After staying at the Best Western Phoenix (which has good reviews but extremely worn furniture and decor), I was pleasantly surprised by the Corona. This is a very clean, nice, comfortable place to stay (by London standards), although you are a bit removed from the action.	
Oct 5 2006 	ok for budget hotel	Stayed here for 2 nights due to being on a course nearby. I had booked a single room, which turned out to be a triple with a double and single bed in it, so plenty of space - although would have been very cramped with 3 or even 2 people in the room. The room was ok, basic and small, with a strange musty smell! There were tea and coffee making facilities along with a portable TV and useless hairdrier. The bathroom was very small, but clean with a decent shower.This hotel is on a busy main road, normally this wouldn't be too much of a problem, however, the hotel does not have double glazing, therefore it is very noisy - all night!The breakfast consists of fruit juice, tea/cofffee, toast, cereal, a bit of cheese and ham and stale croissants and bread buns.The best thing about this hotel is it's location, which for the price probably can't be beaten. It is a 10 minute walk to Victoria and 5 minute walk to Pimlico with plenty of bars and restaurants nearby.In all, this is a basic/budget hotel in a great location - you get what you pay for. I've stayed in worse but also stayed in a lot better!	
Sep 26 2006 	Not action central but a great place to stay for lone traveller	The rooms here are VERY small (the smallest in all of my european trip), but very clean and I found quiet. The bed was comfortable and free in room wifi if you have your own laptop. The location is not action central, but is close to the underground and a 24hr bus (route 24 I think) runs right past the front door and takes you to the action/clubs/theatres in the west end. If you are travelling alone and are a bit past the partying demographic I would highly recommend it. There are a few restaurants and pubs in the area which I had some good reasonable meals at. Had no trouble coming from Heathrow to the hotel via the tube (prob 400m walk). Would stay there again and would recommend it to others looking for a clean quiet place that is close to good transport. Paid about GBP47 pn.	
Aug 28 2006 	great staff members	The hotel was pretty average by London standards - small rooms, basic amenities, etc. Two things worked really well for me: the excellent location near Victoria terminus made transportation very accessible. I was also very happy with the friendly staff members who went out of their way to make my stay pleasant. Would definitely recommend it if you are looking for a basic relatively inexpensive lodging in London. devarati Wisconsin, USA	
Aug 12 2006 	Poor service	3 of us travelled here on business and I can safely say I will not be staying here next time. Check in was fine but the rooms although an acceptable size had an appalling smell, even with the window open all day. I requested a complimentary newspaper each day and only received one of 3 when i specifically told the receptionist I'd wanted one the night before, the 3rd never arrived. Breakfast is poor, and there are only a handful of tables so we had to wait 15 mins one morning. There's a small selection of stale rolls, ham, cheese, canned fruits and cereals and the tea and coffee is at the end of the self serve area - but do not try to serve yourself the hot drinks, the incredibly rude waitress runs out to take it from you! The location is quiet enough and just around the corner from Pimlico tube and there are a few nice eateries in easy reach. This said, with the staff generally rude and unhelpful, requests not fulfilled and the breakfast as it was, i wouldn't stay again even for a few nights on business.	
Jul 27 2006	Not for business tourism	Well, I stayed there some weeks ago. I came to London for business and the travel agency booked me this hotel. I did agree because I saw in its website that is close to Victoria station, and I though it would be good. Well, yeah, London is huge so the distance between the hotel and the station is not long if you check the map! But try to cover the distance carrying the suitcase and the suits on foot! I was really thinking on the mother of the one who drew the map! Anyway, for tourist is not bad. Nice room size, clean, confortable etc. but if you go to London to work don't choose that hotel. Too much walking distances, too many tube changes... And Victoria is a really boring zone!!! (except for the Pacha) With the money I spent in taxis and tubes, I could easily pay a hotel in the centre!	
May 9 2006 	Pleasently impressed	I was pleasantly impressed. I booked at the last minute as I had an interview in London. I arrived very late but was welcomed and quickly served. The room was small but I didn't need much as I was only there too sleep. It was clean and modern as was the bathroom (Large power shower). I had booked through a cheap late room booking service and got a good deal. Continental Breakfast was nothing to write home about but was enough to get me through untill lunch time. The one gripe was it was like an oven and I could find how to switch off the radiator. However they had kindly supplied a fan in the room to cool things down.	
Mar 25 2006	Excellent Base	This hotel can't be beat on location, cleanliness and service. After two days of travel from the states we arrived at the hotel at 9.00am, check in is typically 2pm. We were imediately checked in to our room 5 hours early. The rooms are small but modern, clean and comfortable. You don't go to London to sit in your hotel room anyway! The bathroom is brand new with excellent water presyure. I am a British citizen now living in the U.S. and have stayed in tons of these boutique hotels when visiting home. This is by far the best ever. Easy access from Gatwick express, 5 pound cab ride from Victoria train station and Pimlico tube station 5 minuites walk away, central to eveything. Highly recommended.	
Jan 30 2006	Good Value	We have stayed at the BestWestern Corona Hotel in Belgravia, London twice in the past 3 years. The rooms are small but the location and price were good. The hotel is clean, has an elevator and a friendly, helpful staff. The continental breakfast has improved both in variety and quality since our first stay. It is close to both the Victoria train station and the Victoria Coach Station which provides convenient bus service to Stansted Airport.	
Dec 8 2005	Started bad finished great	We had booked through the Best Western site and so assumed all would be OK.... we were wrong. There was a record of my reservation but not payment, so I needed to pay again. The story has a happy ending though as I emailed the Best Western group and advised my situation and they quickly and cheerfully fixed it up. Well done Best Western.The hotel is a real long walk from Victoria Station, especially in the rain. It is much closer to Pilmco.Breakfast is Continetal style and lots of it. Room was smallish, but tidy, clean and warm. Bathroom was great and plenty of hot water.Probably would not stay for an extended period but 1-2 days OK	
Oct 29 2005	ok	We stayed at the hotel on 2 occasions as a base between waterloo station to and from paris on our holiday. On both occasions the rooms were ok but the bathrooms were like cupboards! i wouldn't like to think how larger sized guests manage to squeeze between the loo,basin and shower (and i am not being rude!) On our first night before we left for paris the next morning, we asked reception to call us a taxi to take us to waterloo the next morning, which they did but it cost us £15 and the car did not have a meter in it, my boyfriend said to the guy as we got in the taxi 'how much is it, about £15?'the driver said yes and he charged us £15 exactly- on our way back to the hotel 4 days later at 11pm at night a 'black cab' taxi charged us £7 according to the meter-perhaps this hotel is providing its own taxi business on the side?!When we arrived for our return night we checked in late feeling tired and thirsty, only to discover that we only had piping hot water in our bedroom and no cold water, i sent my boyfriend down to reception to ask for a jug of tap water with ice only to be told that they could only provide mineral water at a cost?! we wouldn't have asked if we'd had cold tap water in our bedroom!we found the staff extremely un-helpful and miserable and were glad to get out. As a hotel manager myself, i may be more picky but they needed to work on their basic customer service and stop providing guests with dodgy taxis!!! Surely a jug of cold tap water is not too much to ask for?	
Oct 20 2005	Nice little budget hotel	We are pleasantly surprised by the value of this hotel after staying there for a week in September. It is located within walking distance from Victoria Station, which makes it convenient if flying into Gatwick and taking the Express to Victoria. The closer Tube station to the hotel is Pimlico. If you don't mind walking, it is possible to walk (albeit a long walk) to all the major sights such as Westminster, Parliament, Buckingham Palace, Trafalgar Square, etc. The room, although small is clean and has all the essentials including hair dryer, kettle, pant press. The shower is wonderfully large with lots of hot water. The sink is strangly small but the bathroom appears to be recently renovated. The hotel is situated on a main street but we were never bothered by street noise. There are quite a few reasonably priced (for London) restaurants in the surrounding area.Breakfast is continental buffet style with the normal cerals, juice, breads, toast, croissants, cold meats, cheese, and fruit.Staff members are friendly and accommodating, allowing us to check in as early as 10 am in the morning.	
Jun 26 2005	Very Pleased With The Corona	The rooms were very clean (family of four) comfortable, nicely decorated. The small size was Ok with us. The shower was great! The staff was helpful. they kept us supplied with tea for the room. The location was not to bad. I'm 56 and was able to walk with a 60# backpack from the train station. We would stay here at again. A true value for our money. They don't have wash cloths, so bring your Owen ;)The Deitz Wilmington, NC	
Apr 3 2005	Good Place to stay	I stayed at the hotel a couple of years ago, and it was clean, comfortable and reasonably priced. The staff where pleasant, and the breakfast was good [continental as expected]There was plenty to eat, and plenty of choice, and it was included in the price. Cooked breakfast was available at a supplement, but we where happy with the inclusive continental. Ok the room was on the small side, but it is a budget hotel. Plenty of hot water, and clean comfortable beds. would stay here again.	
Mar 21 2005	Still ok	We first stayed in the Corona in Nov 2003 and were there again in March 2005. We were pleased to find that the second visit was as satisfactory as the first. Victoria is a very convenient location for those on a budget being close to central London, the Tate and all the attractions of the South Bank. If you are flying in to Gatwick or Luton it is within easy walking distance of the train &amp; coach stations which have direct connections to these airports. The rooms are small but in good condition and clean. It is quiet, there is a lift, breakfasts are OK and the staff are helpful. Definitely good value for a short stay ( if you don't use a booking agent).	
Mar 15 2005	Good value for the money	I really enjoyed staying at Corona; Our room was cozy, clean and had enough room for three persons. I found staff very helpful and friendly. The breakfast room and hotel lounge were rather small, yet that caused no problem what so ever. Breakfast was good and with that you can survive whole morning. Location is great, both Pimlico and Victoria tubes are close, Apollo Victoria Theatre(as Tate Britain and Buckingham Palace and many others) is within walking distance, neighbourhood seems safe and is packed with hotels and some pubs. Will go there again.	
Mar 2 2005	best budget hotel we've stayed at		
Nov 8 2004	Our room smelled as though there was a dead rat in it.		
Jul 26 2004	Not my favorite		
Jul 7 2004	Yickes! We prepaid and moved out fast!		
May 23 2004	funny funny		
Jan 11 2004	very enjoyable visit		
Jan 11 2004	petit but functional		
Nov 22 2003	Naff is not the word for this place		
Oct 26 2003	Comfortable in the Corona		
Nov 18 2009 	Céntrico limpio tranquilo		
Nov 17 2009 	Bien situado pero tranquilo limpio y agradable		
Nov 16 2009 	Au coeur de Londres...		
Oct 19 2009 	Senza infamia né lode		
Oct 17 2009 	Incómodo malo aunque bien situado.		
Oct 13 2009 	Habitación demasiado pequeña		
Oct 9 2009 	Hotel con camere minuscole!!!!!!		
Sep 28 2009 	Si vuelvo a Londres volvere a este hotel		
Sep 15 2009 	Muy Bien		
Jul 19 2009 	Sehr zu empfehlen		
Jun 2 2009 	Pessimo!Solo se a Londra non trovate nemmeno un letto...		
Apr 29 2009 	ottimo prezzo \ qualità		
Mar 13 2009 	Mal hotel buena ubicación		
Feb 15 2009 	perfetto		
Feb 2 2009 	Un hotel magnifico para una escapada a Londres		
Oct 31 2008 	Buen hotel en una zona muy céntrica		
Oct 31 2008 	pas 4 étoiles		
May 9 2008 	Muy bien situado y muy bueno		
Oct 1 2006 	Volvería a alojarme en este hotel		
