Nov 11 2009 	Best budget hotel in London	We stayed at this hotel in one of their quad rooms, It was right at the top of the hotel so consequently a bit of walk with cases, however once there we were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room which was more than adequate for a family of four. The en suite bathroom was very clean as was the bedroom itself. Towels and shower freebies were changed or renewed daily. As was the tea/coffee/hot chocolate making facilities (we used our bottled water in the kettle for ease). The beds were very comfortable and sheets immaculate.The breakfast is excellent. To start there is a buffet table of cereals, fruit, yoghurt, tinned fruit, pastries etc followed by a full english breakfast or scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. The waitress serves as much toast and tea and coffee that you want. It must be the best breakfast in the whole of London. The staff are friendly and helpful, they let us leave our luggage free of charge on the last day so we could spend all day in London before having to catch our evening train.We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any family, it is very central in what appears to be a safe environment, there are plenty of buses and Russell Square Tube Station really is only a short walk.	
Nov 10 2009 	Ideal quiet base	I have stayed in this hotel about 10 times now, sometimes on my own, and sometimes with my partner, and I am very glad to have found it. I have stayed in some other really terrible hotels around Russell Square, and worse near King's Cross, and this is an oasis. The breakfast is a full English, and for vegetarians, my partner, they do mushrooms, and are very friendly about it, served to your table - not a buffet - along with other cakes and cereal etc. Beware of room number 1 because that is by the kitchen noise! and if you want a quiet room then you should as for one at the back of the hotel, single or double, on the first or second floor. Then you will be ok. Perhaps if there was a really good deal and I wanted a lie in then I would risk another hotel round this area, but for the purposes of somewhere safe, clean and friendly this is really ideal.	
Oct 10 2009 	The best kept secret in London	The Thanet is a great little hotel, located on Bedford Place in the heart of Bloomsbury. A great location, it is close to two tube stations (Russell Square &amp; Holborn), practically next door to the British Museum. Theatres, clubs &amp; restaurants are all within walking distance. The owners, Richard &amp; Lynwen Orchard, are extremely friendly &amp; helpful, as is their staff. The rooms are reasonably priced, with a full English breakfast included. I have stayed here numerous times, beginning in 1987, and would not think of staying elsewhere during my trips to London. Even as a paying guest, I always feel like a member of their family while there. The rooms are very clean &amp; provide all the modern conveniences: bathrooms with private showers, telephone, television, hair-dryer, coffee/tea maker, snacks, etc.. I highly recommend this hotel, simply the best of British. I rate the Thanet Hotel four out of four stars.	
Oct 5 2009 	This is a gem in London.	I selected Thanet Hotel after having read the positive reviews on TripAdvisor. I contacted the hotel a month before arriving and had a room confirmation within a day. I was given great advice about which Tube station to use, since I had heavy luggage. My single room was not the typical closet found in many London hotels. This room had very ample closet space, room for clothes and my suitcase. And the desk was big enough for me to work at. I also had access to free WiFi. Lastly, the room was so clean.The location of Thanet Hotel is perfect, being equidistant from two Tube stations, and in a great neighborhood with restaurants and pubs nearby. It's only a five-minute walk from the British Museum. And breakfast is included in the price - either a full English breakfast, or a continental breakfast. Food was plentiful and great.What I liked best was the warmth of the owners and the evening clerk, who greeted me each morning and evening, and provided me with invaluable information. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to London.	
Sep 26 2009 	If you're solo avoid this place!	My room at the Thanet had obviously been a large closet at some time in the past. The room number, 5a, should have been a give-away. The room was tiny, the bathroom was tinier, and the closet tinier still. The &quot;desk&quot; was a shelf covered with vinyl. I paid 78 pounds per night.Perhaps the double rooms were better, but this little room was a hovel.	
Sep 6 2009 	Best avoided	A very disappointing experience given some of the other reviews of this hotel. I booked through late rooms and paid 90 GBP which gets you a decent, clean if rather soulless room in a chain hotel in central London. But since we prefer smaller hotels with a bit of character, we thought we'd try the Thanet based on the reviews on this site since it worked out about the same price.It started well. The chap on reception when we checked in was friendly and helpful. But then he showed us to our room, which was in the basement, had barred windows and had definitely seen better days. Fittings were grubby and scuffed, bedspread unappetising and bathroom dated and unappealing. Still, as it was an overnight stay and we weren't spending any time in the room, for the money, it was OK. We'd changed our minds by morning though - the bed was soft and not a proper double-size - and breakfast was a joke. Unfriendly staff and slow service meant that, when we'd waited 15 minutes for some basic scrambled eggs and seen other full english breakfasts served to people who'd come in after us, we got up and left. The toast we'd ordered with the eggs had come and gotten cold, and that served as the extent of our meal. We shipped out as quickly as possible and won't be back. The chap on front desk in the morning didn't ask if we'd enjoyed our stay and his disinterest in his guests' comfort sums up the entire stay. Go elsewhere.	
Aug 16 2009 	Aa average hotel on a great location	Thanet is a no-frills hotel in Bloomsbury, next to the British Museum and to the Holborn and Russell Square tube stations.It's a great place to stay if you're looking for a quiet room to sleep and nothing more than this. The room was really small and had a tiny bathroom, so be advised to don't bring lots of luggage. Also keep in mind that this hotel doesn't have a lift.If you want luxury, you should better find somewhere else to stay. But if you want a reasonably priced hotel on a great place in London, this one can be your option.	
Mar 26 2009 	I loved staying at the Thanet Hotel.	This small property in the Bloomsbury neighborhood of West London is convenient to 2 Tube stations and local attractions, including the amazing British Museum (just 2 blocks away) and Leicester and Trafalgar Squares. I stayed in a single room for a week while visiting my daughter, who is living in a flat on the same block for her semester abroad. My room was clean, neat and affordable. The full English breakfast was excellent, with tableside service in a lovely and quaint dining room. The hotel staff was friendly, helpful, and accomodating. Unlike chain hotels, this little gem has personality. If you're looking for luxury, anonymity, and crowds, the Thanet isn't for you. But if you like cozy, warm, and friendly, you'll love this hotel. I will defnitely stay there again if I'm lucky enough to return to London.	
Feb 27 2009 	A little gem near Theatreland	We stayed for 1 night to take in a show and found an excellent place to overnight. Located 2 mins from the British Museum and a 10 min stroll to Theatreland this small, clean hotel is ideal. Our room was clean, warm, and quiet and the breakfast of cereal, juices, toast and a full English really set you up for the day. If it is luxury and a bar or two you are looking for then this is not for you but we know where we will be staying on our next visit to London.	
Feb 13 2009	Perfect little hotel	We only stayed one night but we found the owners and staff very friendly and friendly. Very clean and comfortable room and good full breakfast. Is in a quiet area of Bloomsbury and is near to British Museum and theatres. We will be back to visit again.	
Feb 3 2009 	A Pleasant Time	Convenient and safe location near the British Museum and Russell Square.Excellent value.Small but clean room with a nice view over the gardens.nice full English breakfast is included.I would stay there again.	
Jan 23 2009 	A delightful hotel in a great location!	My son was doing a semester abroad, so my brother-in-law and I went to visit him for a week in November. We had two single rooms at the Thanet Hotel, and it was absolutely perfect for us. The owners are very welcoming and accommodating, the breakfast was good and more than ample, the rooms were clean and well-appointed, the bathrooms were spotless, and the room rates are very reasonable, especially for London. We had adjacent rooms on the second floor, and in both of our rooms, the bathrooms were relatively new, and fully tiled, with really great water pressure so you can have a good hot shower. There was a small but new television in each room, too.I'll also note what some people might consider drawbacks, but if these things put you off, you probably shouldn't go to London at all. The hotel has no elevator, the rooms are small, and although Bedford Place is a relatively quiet street and the Thanet therefore one of the more quiet hotels in London, you can stil hear street noise in your room.Nevertheless, I highly recommend it. It's a very short (two or three block) walk to two Tube stops: Russell Square and High Holborn, and you can get just about anywhere from either of them. (In fact, you can take the Piccadilly Line from Heathrow directly to Russell Square, about a 50 minute ride, then walk a few blocks to the hotel, and save yourself a ton of money over the alternatives. Just be warned: you'll have to climb about twelve stairs to get out of the Russell Square station, after having taken an elevator from the platform, so if you have a lot of luggage, that could be difficult.) A bus also stops on Bedford Place, though I am not sure where it was going, and there are other bus stops nearby. And you can always catch a cab in the area.I have been to London six or eight times, and stayed in a different hotel each time, but from now on, I stay at the Thanet. I really liked it that much.	
Dec 4 2008 	Warm welcome and comfortable	What a pleasant warm welcome! Some helpful advice on where to go for a meal and a pint in the evening, very organised and friendly.I was offered use of the (free) wireless broadband to work, although it was struggling to reach the top floor where I stayed.The room was larger than average, very clean, comfortable and homely. Windows were old and did not shut properly, so noisy though in the evening. Having said that, the street was quiet overnight. I will definitely stay here again - it is a cut above all the other London hotels I have stayed in, mainly due to the good welcome and staff, but also on location and excellent value.	
Oct 11 2008 	Good Value	I just spent 9 nights in London and stayed at the Thanet Hotel. I stayed in a single room on the first floor. It is a small room with a very small bathroom. The room was clean and had everything that I needed: a small TV, electric pot to boil water for tea, coffee, or hot chocolate. The breakfast in the morning was excellent: both a cold and/or a hot meal is available. The location is excellent: I walked everywhere even late at night after going to the theater. The only time I used the tube was to and from the airport. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. If you need luxury, than stay somewhere else and pay a lot more. I will stay at the Thanet Hotel again when I visit London in the future.	
Jun 1 2008 	Good Value	Stayed at Thanet Hotel -Room 14 (top floor) for 6 nights--58 stairs to climb :). Overall a pleasant experience. We were fortunate to have an ensuite room which is difficult to find in London. Thanet is in a good neighboorhood (felt very safe) within 2-3 blocks of the British Museum (Bloomsbury district) and close to the tube station. I've only stayed in one other type of hotel/B&amp;B in England (in Bath). Our room was clean when we arrived and cleaned every day with fresh towels. The bedspreads could use replacement but the double bed was comfortable--we also had a twin bed in the room. Overall for the price, I felt we had a good deal and enjoyed our stay. Even though it is a quiet neighborhood there is some traffic noise because the hotel was built in the 1800's (and some squeaky floors). We closed the window at night, turned on the room fan and put a towel in front of the room door to block out the light from the hall. Thanet seemed to be a good price at $104pounds ($208) per night with a full breakfast with lots of choices served from 7:45-9:15 daily. There are alot of other hotels in the same area and this seemed to be a good value for us (with our own wc and shower and full breakfast). The other guests staying there were pleasant too.	
Apr 13 2008 	GREAT FIND!!	Just returned from a 3 day break in London along with my 3 sisters. This hotel was ideal for those who want to get around London easily. It was so easy to find, closest station is Russell Square with a 5minute walk. The accommodation was very comfortable and the staff were very pleasant and accommodating. We were in one of the quad rooms which was on the top floor. The room was more spacious than we expected with 2 single beds and 1 double bed. Fresh towels were supplied both days which was great. The breakfast had everything you wanted from cereal, fruit juice, fresh fruit to a full fry up. The staff allowed us to leave our luggage within the hotel until we had to pick it up for our flight home which was excellent as we were able to do sight seeing,shopping and watch the marathon without lugging our luggage around. Overall I would rate this hotel highly and when I go back to London, I would have no qualms about returning to this accommodation.	
Mar 19 2008 	A great find	Found this hotel through Late Rooms; what an excellent find. I usually stay further west (Earls Court area) but had to be at a dinner just off Piccadilly, so tried Bloomsbury.Basically, its the only family-owned business in a quiet street round the back of the British Museum. The other hotels in the street are now all part of a local chain.Friendly, comfortable, clean, lots of hot water. I had the family room (at the back in the basement) even though I was on my own. This sleeps 5 and can get booked very quickly in holiday periods.Only thing to watch is no cooked breakfast until 7.45 which could be a problem if you want to be away early. But they will do cereal and toast from about 7.15.	
Mar 9 2008	well pleased	mother and daughter had an enjoyable 2 night stay needed to be near british history museum so thanet hotel met all our needs friendly staff took cases and bags to our room and were able to answer any questions we asked. On the day we left they rang us a taxi to get us to the stationRooms ,beds and bathroom were all clean and freshBreakfast there was some thing to suit every ones appititefor the price we paid we were well pleased.	
Jan 26 2008	Thanet was very nice!	Stayed for a night, and then after about 2 1/2 weeks, came back to London at the end of the trip, and stayed a week at the Thanet.First room was in the basement... HUGE bathroom, medium sized room. Very clean, well maintained. The breakfast was served promptly, efficiently, and they were pleasant. Nothing to complain about at all...The front desk staff were talkative, and helpfull.The location was STELLAR. So close to everything, and very close to two tube stops (almost equidistant from them both).Great stay, and would definately go back again.	
Dec 6 2007 	Cheap and cheerful	Booked for one night via laterooms.com. £90 for Bed and breakfast for the 2 of us was very reasonable for London. The hotel is in a great spot near the British Museum and about 10 mins walk to the Aldwych Theatre where we were seeing Dirty Dancing.The room was ready when we arrived about 3pm and was clean and had everything you needed. Our room (No. 7) was overlooking the road and because of badly fitting sash windows it was very noisy through the night. The small double bed was comfortable but the bed spread had seen better days.Everywhere was clean and the shower (although small) worked well. Plenty of tea, coffee, biscuits and towels and extra pillows/blankets were available.The floor was a bit uneven and creaked but you got use to it!The breakfast was very good - choice of cereals, fruit, yoghurts, juices and full cooked breakfast. The staff were very helpful.Good value for money for central London	
Sep 7 2007 	Friendly and helpful	Stayed at the Thanet Hotel for a one night break as a family of two adults and two kids. As we arrived early we had only intended to drop our bags off ay reception so that we could get on and do our whistlestop visit to the city. However, as our room had not been used the night before, we were given the key which was really handy, allowing us to unpack our stuff. Staff friendly and helpful.We looked out for the 'steep, tiny' staircase, which was hardly noticeable, however we only had a small bag - be prepared for some lifting if you have a heavy suitcase as there isn't a lift. The room (15) was basic but very clean, shower room was quite small though. We had read the reports about the family room floors being on a slant, they are, but it was slight in our room and not even an issue. The floors were quite creeky in our room and next door. During the day this wasn't an issue but when we were settling down to sleep at night we could hear our neighbours moving around and I felt that this would be quite annoying should you have to put up with it for a longer time, but thats just me.The dining room was pleasant and the breakfast was very good, you could help yourself to juice, cereals and were served toast and coffee, as well as being able to choose a hot breakfast from the menu.The reception area was small but we found the member of staff there really helpful in pointing us in the right direction to start us on our journey across the city.I felt that this hotel was in a good position, away from the noise of Leicester Sqaure/Picadilly Circus areas where we had considered staying and only a short distance from Russel Sq. Underground station. (Get day savers on the Tube it's much cheaper). I am considering this hotel for another one night stay in December for our Xmas shopping trip. For the price, in London, I thought that this hotel was satisfactory.	
Aug 31 2007 	Wonderful Stay	It is a delightful little hotel. My room was on the first floor, so only one flight of stairs. The nice man who checked me in was kind enough to carry my bag up to the room for me. I later found out that he is the owner.The room was long and narrow, with maybe 2-3 feet along side the double bed, then another 6 feet to the window. The ceilings were approximately 12 feet high and the window went almost floor to ceiling. I was facing the street, but it was quiet at night. There are paintings and prints on the walls throughout, even in my room. The nice amenities included tea (and coffee) makings, hair dryer, telephone, TV and fan. There was a small closet with hangers and a cupboard with shelves. Also little soaps and shampoo in the (tiny) bathroom. Plus, they serve a full English breakfast, cooked to order. The location is wonderful as well. It is situated halfway between the Russell Square and the High Holborn tube stations—about a 5 minute walk to either. One more street to the east is Southampton Row, with all sorts of shops, etc. Also, there is a little side street with several pubs, so everything one would want is close by. But Bedford Place is bounded on either end by Bloomsbury Square and Russell Square, so it really is nice and quiet.I would recommend it to anyone--yes, the room and ensuite bathroom was small, but this is London. i was impressed--great value.	
Jul 25 2007 	Charming and comfortable	I'm surprised by the number of negative reviews, since my boyfriend and I loved the Thanet. It was a good price for a great location. I would definitely return. Some of the negatives are definitely true (e.g. small bathroom), but that's what London bathrooms are like. Since this comment seems to be coming mostly from Americans, I wonder if they've never stayed in UK hotels before. Our bed was slightly lumpy, but I never had any trouble sleeping ... I was always so tired after a whole day sightseeing or walking in museums or whatever. I wouldn't worry about this unless you're exceptionally sensitive about your bed.The room was clean, attractive, and comfortable, and the breakfast room was lovely. There was enough choice and I enjoyed my breakfasts all 5 days. They got to know that I liked hot chocolate and would bring a pot out before I even had to order it. The service was friendly and helpful.	
Jun 20 2007 	ok	stayed here for the weekend with my husband in june 2007. The hotel was well loacted to get to all attratction and nightlife. Would not stay there again as a couple but if you wanted a weekend away with friends i would recommend it, does not suit a romantic weekend away. Hotel clean and staff seemed friendly .	
Dec 12 2006 	Good Hotel for families	This hotel was great for my family. The breakfast was good and if you have not traveled to Europe do not complain about the bathrooms and such. Yes, they are small but the are very accomodating. The beds aren't lumpy either. The staff was very helpful and it was in a great location.	
Dec 11 2006 	Serious Safety Problem	I was a guest in this hotel on the night of December 9. My wife and I checked in late on Saturday evening. We detected a foul smell in the bathroom, but were too tired to investigate or request another room. In the morning I found that the toilet had been broken from the floor, as evidenced by broken tiles around the toilet, and that the connection to the waste pipe was improperly secured -- with a 1/2 inch gap which allowed sewer gas into the room. The smell was quite vile, and presented an obvious health concern. I reported the incident to the desk clerk, who seemed quite unconcerned.	
Nov 29 2006 	very disappointing	Thanet Hotel should be lovely, but what a disappointment. The room was small and dirty, the beds were lumpy, the ensuite shower had little pressure, and the staff was unresponsive. Find someplace else to stay!	
Nov 11 2006 	Fantastic service perfect location.	I stayed at the Thanet for 4 nights at the start of November! Fantastic location, only 15 minutes walk from Euston mainline, mins from Russell Sq/Holborn tube. A great little hotel, one of very few B&amp;Bs of this type to offer family room. R16 in the basement had a large window and separate WC and shower, very useful having 3 women in the family. The owners and staff really went out of their way to make us feel welcome and they seemed really keen tol go that extra mile. Breakfast was great and some great options in the area for dinner	
Nov 2 2006 	A Big Disappointment	I booked 3 nights at the Thanet based upon the other reviews on Trip Advisor, plus other information about the hotel. I have traveled extensively in London and the UK (being from the US), and I am familiar with and prefer the smaller hotels similar to how the Thanet sounded from the review. I was very disappointed and will never stay there again. Our main problem was with the staff. They were never very accommodating with any of our requests, especially for such a small thing as extra toilet paper. I was actually told by the staff that I would need to purchase more at the Tesco Express around the corner! Never in all of my travels in the UK or elsewhere have I heard this from hotel staff. I also agree with the comments that the hotel is very &quot;tired&quot; and run down. Such things as carpet, bedspreads, etc., need a major change. The location is great, as others have noted, but for the price, especially given the exchange rate with the US dollar these days, there are better values in the area.	
Oct 28 2006 	Great location	Can't help but respond to the previous occupants of room 9, where we stayed last weekend. Yes, the property is a grade 2 listed building so no lift, but we were asked if we wanted help with luggage. The location is brilliant for us - round the corner from the British Museum (and the wonderful Blade Rubber...) a short walk from Euston, and easy walking distance to Covent Garden, &amp; theatre land (with stacks of restaurants en route), and Oxford Street, as well as an easy bus ride to the museums in South Ken, or Royal Academy in Piccadilly, or the National Gallery in Traf. Sq (from Tottenham Court Rd round the corner ).Room 9 is spacious, the bed (a standard UK double) is fine, (we are comparing here with other hotels we stay in in London &amp; UK) and overlooks Bedford. Sq gardens (&amp; its squirrels). We really liked the room. Not sure about the &quot;formica and tarnished chrome&quot; referred to in previous post, but confess we were too busy out and about enjoying all London has to offer, to fret over formica. There was a kettle etc , v welcome (&amp; not always offered in the 'best hotels' who prefer you to order room service) &amp; reading room/nightcap, so relax, enjoy. Breakfast is v good, efficient. I am not someone who would want to sack everyone who doesn't smile in the morning. I really don't do mornings. Leave me to my toast, scrambled egg and smoked salmon in peace.	
Oct 21 2006 	Tired But Great Location	We spent 3 nights at The Thanet. The good news is that the location is wonderful. We walked everwhere from there: Covent Garden, Picadilly, Green Park, Hyde Park, Harrod's, St. Paul's, Tate Modern. Also good bus service to the South Bank (10 min. ride). It's also a wonderfully quiet street. Our room (#9) is on the 2nd floor (2 flights up) overlooking the back garden. Lovely tree facing our window. When we arrived (6 Oct), someone had left the heat on. It was stifling. We turned it off and went for a walk. No more heat problems. Weather in London was perfect during our visit. Now for the bad news. This hotel is very tired. We were looking forward to a charming B&amp;B. Not this place. Don't confuse shabby with charming. It's inconsistent, actually. The carpet on the twisty, winding, steep staircase is newish and decent. The desk staff is helpful and nice. The room was small. The bed (a double) was small, the mattress thin, the box springs soiled and worn. The bedspread had seen better days. The tiny wardrobe doors were warped and hard to close. The hair dryer was from 1956, and the air stream on its highest setting wouldn't have harmed small insects. The dressing table was Formica and tarnished chrome. Tacky. The bathroom was definitely from Fawlty Towers: a step up took you into a room about 30&quot;x30&quot; including the toilet and a sink the size of a large saucer. The shower was pretty comical, maybe 21&quot; square tops. Don't drop the soap; the only way you'll retrieve it is to get out of the stall !! My wife and I are not large people, but for those who are, be warned to soap up well before you get in, so in case you get firmly wedged, there’s some hope of exiting without help from the fire brigade. The door to the bathroom was on a spring-loaded hinge, and there was no way to keep it open, which one very much wanted to do to air it out after even a brief shower turned it into a Turkish bath. This is London from 50 years ago is all I can say. The breakfast was tasty: scrambled eggs with either smoked salmon or a mix of grilled breakfast meats. Of course the toast comes on that most wonderful of English inventions: the toast rack, designed, it would seem, to maximize the speed with which the contents are cooled. (Can the same race that designed this also have given us Radar and Shakespeare? It is one of the great mysteries of our western civilization.) The breakfast room is nice, even if the floor is pretty tippy on one side. The service staff, however, is also from Fawlty Towers: the lady in charge is sour and charmless, and don't dare ask for anything extra if want to avoid her icy glare and ill-concealed contempt. My wife and I couldn't wait to finish breakfast and leave. It is a very inhospitable environment, and made worse by the fact that the small crowded kitchen is open and in full view of the guests. It needs to be somewhere else. This isn't a lovely trendy sushi bar in the Ginza; it's an old stove and crowded counter with three unhappy people working in it and spreading their gloom throughout the premises. The owners are lovely; they should fire the kitchen staff lock, stock, and 2 smoking barrels. Their sour dispositions are reason enough to avoid The Thanet, or at the very least, breakfast there. I'm afraid I would not return. They need to spend a few thousand pounds on updating the furnishings and bathrooms, providing help with luggage on those miserable stairs, and hiring a kitchen staff that don’t make the guests feel like inmates. They could spend it wisely, making visitors feel like it mattered to the owners that their guests were cozy and comfortable. (Basil, where are you when we need you?) My wife and I would gladly pay £20 or £30 more per night for an improved model. (Our room was £100.) That would still be a London lodging bargain. There are several hotels in Bedford Place. My guess is at least one of them is an improvement over The Thanet. You can do worse, but you can probably do better for not much more. We’re going to try next time we go.	
Oct 14 2006 	Don't arrive late	My wife and I stayed at the Thanet because of its relatively good review in Trip Advisor, and close proximity to the British Museum. We arrived at 8:00 PM on a Friday night from Croatia (which we loved and we thought was an excellent value). It turned out that there were only two rooms left and both were in the basement. We first were put into a creepy room with a non-functioning toilet. When I complained, I was told that it was a European-style toilet. It may have been European style, but it was broken nevertheless. We were moved to another room which was tiny but had a functioning bathroom. The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was good. I could not help thinking that we had just spent two weeks in five European countries and this hotel in London was the most expensive and worst of all we had stayed at. London is a wonderful city, but extremely expensive. My recommendation is to study a foreign language and go to continental Europe instead.	
Sep 3 2006 	Charming in great location	Stayed for 3nights in August and my only complaint was the weather. The hotel is in a really great area to visit London.The street outside is quiet but yet you are only minutes from Oxford street and the centre of London. If you stay around the hotel there are quite a few restaurants and bars in the Russell Sq area.The hotel itself is very welcoming and anything we asked for was organised.Read some of the previous reviews and think they must have been to a different hotel.Room was fine and breakfast was good and the staff friendly and welcoming.This is a small bed and breakfast but very good and we would stay again.	
Aug 10 2006	Exceptionally good value and very nice for the price	I have just returned from London where I spent a total of nine days at the Thanet Hotel in London's Bloomsbury -a very convenient area for shopping and going to the theater and right near the British Museum and interesting restaurants. The Thanet at 8 Bedford Place has a bright blue awning and boxes of lush blooming flowers on either side of the steps to the entrance. The rooms are bright and cheerful with colorful bedspreads and drapes. The single rooms are rather small for a stay of more than 2 or 3 days, but the owners will allow you to stay in a larger room at the single price if there is one available. (In the recent heatwave,small had the advantage as the fan provided quickly cooled the room.) There is a dining room on the ground floor overlooking the street where a very good English breakfast is served, with lots of choices, including great sausages brought in from the country. Richard and Lynwen Orchard, the owners and managers, are very friendly and thoughtful concerning their guests needs. It has become a home away from home for me.	
Jul 29 2006 	Fawlty Towers!	We booked a quad room at this hotel through Laterooms(--) based on the positive reviews on this website and the pictures and descriptions on the hotel's own website. We were looking forward to a cozy and welcoming B&amp;B. We should have paid more attention to the review entitled &quot;Avoid the 3rd floor at all costs&quot;. When we arrived at the hotel, they insisted that we sign in before showing us our room (we should have seen the red flag right there), but we were tired after a 15 hour train trip and checked in first. We were shown to room 15 on the 3rd floor. Albert did help with the luggage, but the stairs to the 3rd floor were so steep as to make me worry about my children's and my own safety. Once in the room, things did not get any better. While it was clean and had a fireplace, there is nothing else positive I can say about it. The floor was tilted so badly that the head was lower than the foot of the beds, the bathroom was so tiny that you needed a shoehorn to get in and out of it, and the floor creaked so badly when you walked on it that anyone getting up in the middle of the night would certainly wake everyone else up. The worst thing, though, was the heat. Room 15 used to be the attic, and it is directly under the roof. We arrived during a heat wave (a rare event to be sure), but the room was sweltering. There was only 1 tiny window. Albert suggested that we keep the curtains closed and stay out during the day, returning to the room only at night when it might be cooler, which to me was not a solution. What is the point of having a hotel room if you can't go there except to sleep? We sometimes like to rest a bit before going out in the evening, for example. We asked about getting a fan, but there was none to be had. After 15 minutes in the room, we decided we couldn't take it anymore, and called our 2nd choice hotel, which had a room available.When we came downstairs with our luggage, we told them we were leaving, and when it became clear that there was no way we would stay without being given a different room, they offered to call us a cab. We accepted their offer, but they instead called a private car hire service (no doubt getting a little kickback in the process), which turned out to be more expensive than a city cab would have been. When I contacted the manager (who was out of town when this happened) to request that he waive the cancellation fee of one night's stay since we had not been offered a satisfactory room in the first place, he instead told us that because we had booked through Laterooms, he was obligated to charge us for all 3 days of our planned stay. It was only after I contacted Laterooms and my credit card company that he agreed to refund us 2 of the 3 nights. Needless to say, we won't be back.	
Jul 27 2006 	Not as it used to be	This was our third stay at the Thanet and it will likely be the last. I still adore the location and the room was fine: small but clean and comfortable with nice tea making service. However, we stayed for five days and it was probably the last day before the breakfast servers and one of the two men at the desk decided to smile. We travel often and prefer small hotels and B&amp;Bs; we almost always feel welcomed and enjoy chatting with the folks who work there. Not the case this time. The older woman who served us in the breakfast room made us feel like we were imposing simply by sitting at the table. The same offerings each morning also got a bit tiresome so perhaps we just stayed too long. The atmosphere simply was not friendly.Next time, we'll pay a bit more and stay elsewhere.	
Jun 22 2006	Stairs to 3rd Floor a killer	The location of this hotel is excellent. We had a triple room, which was roomy enough - but it was on the top floor and as there is no lift the only way up is the stairs! I knew before I booked that there was no lift, but I wasn't prepared for the stairs...the first level is not a problem, the 2nd level is a little more, but the 3rd level is like stairs up to an attic, very steep and narrow. If you are supremely fit with no luggage, you won't be bothered, but we had large suitcases (travelling from Australia for 5 weeks) and we are all fit, but my husband has a niggly knee from an accident and the stairs caused it to flare up, so we had to carefully plan our itinerary to avoid using the stairs more than necessary. Staff do not offer to help with your luggage (no wonder). If you can be assured of a room on the first floor, I wouldn't hesitate staying there again as the location couldn't be better and the cost in comparison to a lot of London accommodation is good. But avoid the 3rd floor at all costs.	
Apr 24 2006	nice hotel	Thanet Hotel in London is really a good choice if you don't need luxury. It is small but nice and clean; our room was spatious (we are a family of four people); towels were changed every day; breakfast was good and all the staff was friendly. Then, the place is very quiet; it is close to the British Museum and other central attractions; it is not far both from Russel Square and Holborn tube stations. We recommend it.	
Feb 4 2006	Nice little hotel	We spent 4 nights in the Thanet hotel in April 2005. The location is perfect to visit London, it is at a calm road. We had a room going to the garden side, which we can recommand. However, it is quite central, the Britisch museum is around the corner and it's a nice walk to Covent Garden and near to 2 underground stations. The service was very good, breakfirst nearly too opulent, the rooms were small but clean with an own bath room and you could make tea and coffee in the room (including fresh cookies every day!).	
Aug 31 2005	Great location delightful staff at the Thanet	Bloomsbury is a great central location to visit London. Plenty of buses, tube and walking distance of the theatres, British Museum etc. Also lots of eateries and little shops for bits and pieces, as well as a bigger grocery store near Holborn tube. Russell Sq and Bloomsbury Sq are nearby and very pleasant to sit in. I stayed 7 nights at the Thanet starting on 19 August 2005. it was great. Staff very helpful, especially Richard, Albert and George. The room was not big (London rooms are never big) but it had everything I needed including a recently renovated ensuite shower, washbasin and WC (also not big but perfectly adequate). The cooked breakfast (with cereal, yogurt, fruit for starters, if you can fit it in!) is excellent. Really sets you up for a days sightseeing. My room overlooked the garden and was very quiet. I can recommend this hotel and will stay there again.	
Aug 18 2005	Thanet Worked Great for Family of 5	The Thanet Hotel in London has a perfect room for a family of 4 or 5. Its location on Bedford Place is very close to the British Museum and other popular tourist attractions, and is close to family-priced restaurants and a grocery store near the Holborn tube station. We stayed downstairs in room 16, which had a double bed and 3 twin-size beds. It also had two ensuite bathrooms, one with a toilet and sink, the other with a shower and sink. The room was comfortable and very clean. Nice and quiet. No noticable street noise, even with the windows open. Nothing glitzy or fancy, but all the basic necessities were there. The full English breakfast included was very good. The staff is friendly and quite helpful. We will definitely recommend the Thanet to our friends, and will stay there again if we return to London.	
Aug 3 2005	A great stay	My family and I were lucky enough to spend 8 days in this beautiful hotel. Our rooms were lovely, modern and clean. They had everything you needed and serviced by the staff who were also magnificent. The concierge were very knowledgeable and were always at hand to point us in the right direction. Right in the centre of town we couldnt have asked for more, we walked pretty much everywhere which is the best way to explore this beautiful city and strolling distance to the restaurants and pubs of Convent Garden, and beleive me, we did a lot of strolling. We had atmosphere, great service and a remarkable British-style breakfast, this is a jewel for the price and we cant wait to get back accross the pond and do it all again.	
Aug 3 2005	Friendlyclean 	We stayed at the Thanet in July just after the bombings and although the road was closed, the staff went out of their way to make sure our short break in London was an enjoyable experience.Albert &amp; George the receptionists were both charming.The hotel is in a grade 2 listed building and we loved the original features particulaly the fireplaces.Our room was clean and a reasonable size and serviced everyday.The breakfast was excellent and we particularly enjoyed the smoked salmon &amp; scrambled egg option.Overall the hotel is good value for money in an excellent location.	
Jul 26 2005	very disappointed	We were particularly surprised by the Thanet after reading other reviews here; I did not expect a hostel for $200 pounds. Floor was slightly tilted; room was threadbare; WC was barely usable. Then again, we haven't stayed much in London, so is this what to expect for this money?! (BTW: location was fine!)	
Apr 1 2005	Great location - good value	Can only agree with previous reviews about this hotel's great location (minutes from the British Museum) and only £4.00 taxi fare from Euston. (I hate using the Tube - particularly the lift at Russell Square!) There is also a good connection of buses just around the corner but most areas convenient to walk to.The rooms are very clean and tidy and nice en-suite facilities The staff are most helpful and willing to advise on any travel issues etc.The breakfast is more than substantial with a choice of cereals and fresh fruit followed by an excellent choice of cooked breakfast to set you on your way.My one small complaint would be the noise from the traffic which did disturb us. Other reviews mentioned that this was a quiet street but we did see a 'diversion sign' which may have accounted for the excessive traffic noise we experienced. Neverthelesss, great value for money - enjoy your stay.	
Feb 20 2005	A great hotel	We have been to London several times and this time we decided to go to the Thanet Hotel in Bedford Place. It is in a lovely quiet spot, near to all the tourist sites and was very clean and well maintained. The breakfast was lovely and all the staff were very helpful. I will definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone	
Nov 23 2004	excellent choice	we spent a week in london in november, staying at the thanet hotel. it was an excellent choice for this category of hotel and located on a quiet street. the room was small but very clean, and was freshened up daily. all the rooms have bathrooms. full english breakfast available to start the day; helpful courteous staff; the location was great for our range of activities: close to the british museum, british library, west end shows, and art museums. the tube and busses were available close by. the hotel also was close to many restaurants, shops, internet cafes and some tango dance venues. we recommend this hotel.	
Oct 7 2004	Excellent Hotel in a Great Location	My wife and I stayed here for seven days. The room was clean, comfortable and quiet. The full English breakfasts were excellent. The location is in a nice area and is just around the corner from the British Museum. Tubes (Holburn and Russell Square) are easy walks to get to London's attractions. The concierges on duty are more than helpful. We were very pleased with our stay at this wonderful B&amp;B hotel.	
Aug 31 2004	A Great B	My husband and I and our two teenage sons stayed at the Thanet for 7 nights in July. We were given a large room on the first floor with a double bed and two twin beds which was perfect since our sons like to have their own beds. The location is great and easily accessible from both Holborn and Russell tube stations, as well as bus stops. The breakfast is outstanding with a buffet of fruit, cereal, muffins, juice, and an ordered breakfast of full English, hot oatmeal, or smoked salmon. There's also tea, instant coffee, and hot chocolate available in the room, with cookies. Our only complaint (and it was a very small one) was that the person who serviced our room could never seem to remember to leave 4 towels and 4 cookies. The person manning the front desk was always VERY helpful. As an aside, consider going on a day trip to Bath with Premier Tours. They stop at Stonehenge like the other day trips to Bath, but they stop after hours so that you're allowed to touch the stones. It was awesome!	
Aug 25 2004	Very happy	I have stayed at this hotel three times in the past 10 years. Its very good, I can like to reccomend it because its very clean, friendly and beautiful. Staff are very warm and helpful to me to give me information for sightsee trip.The Thanet is very local to sightsee and shopping place but not so expensive to different hotels.In the vacinity there are very good resaurants for my british favourites, curry and fish and chips and the British museum is also very accessible.My favourite thing for the Thanet is the delicious breakfast with many choice.I am very happy customer and I very much looking forward to my next holiday here.	
Aug 11 2004	Thanet's Location Best in London	I travel frequently to London on business and the Thanet is my favorite hotel. The location is better than many much more expensive hotels. It is a 20 minute walk to the theatre district, 5 minutes to the British Museum and a block away from lots of restaurants and shops. The rooms are cozy and charming, the service is excellent and Mr. And Mrs. Orchard are wonderful hosts. The English breakfast is very good and the hotel has lots of information for tourists.	
Jul 29 2004	Would stay there again!!!	Great spot!! Very friendly, helpful, and accomodating. Loved the staff!! The beds are not the most comfortable, but for the price, the location, the rooms, the bathrooms, and the breakfast are just perfect. We will be making this our home away from home while in London. It is everything you need, and such a convenient place to stay. There is no question that the service is superb!! You would not get that quality of service in any of the larger, and much more expensive, hotels.	
Jul 22 2004	Stay here! You won't be disappointed	My husband and I stayed at the Thanet for four nights in June. We loved everything about the place: location, staff (Albert is wonderful!) the breakfast, many affordable restaurants around the area, post office, bureau de change, internet kiosk, British Museum next street over, and the short walk through Russell Square to the tube station was a nice way to start the day. If you are coming from Heathrow, you can take the tube all the way there without switching lines with all your luggage. While the convenience of all the surrounding amenities was nice, it was even better that the hotel is not on a busy road so we always slept peacefully. The room was surprisingly large-I felt like I was at Grandma's house. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Jun 29 2004	Nice place nice people great location	Stayed here on March 27th 2004 for one night just to hit the London nightlife and this was a great place to stay. Was recommended to try the Thanet Hotel after reading the Which? Reports review of B&amp;B’s in London. This one came out favourably as good value for money and a clean and comfortable place to stay the night. I emailed the Landlord to organise this and he was very helpful in arranging my booking. When I arrived I was greeted by the Landlord and given my key for our room, which was right at the top of the house but a rather cosy little room. The beds were comfy and the bathroom was nicely done in a modern way with mosaic tiles and a small shower which made a change from the usual old baths with rusty shower heads you get in most B&amp;B’s and hotels! Although the décor in the room wasn’t up to date and could do with a makeover badly, it served its purpose for a nights stay and we weren’t in the room much to worry about it. We had the full English breakfast the next day which was really nice and there was plenty of tea and coffee, juice, toast and cereal if you fancied it.Overall I would really recommend this B&amp;B as it was only 10 minutes walk from Holborn tube station (Russell Square station seemed closer – only five minutes walk) and 10 minutes walk to Tottenham Court Road. A safe and comfortable place to stay, a great value for money. We are staying there again this Saturday 3rd July too!	
Jun 3 2004	Great place to stay in London	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Thanet. We stayed four nights in early May. The staff is very friendly, informative and accomodating. Our room was comfortable, very clean, and quiet. The rooms and bathrooms are small, but we didn't really spend any time there. We slept with the windows open and still it was quiet. One morning I woke up to, not traffic noises, but birds! Breakfast was great and the location is fantastic. We'll definitely stay there again.	
Apr 8 2004	A great little place and so convenient	Really liked the Thanet and it so convenient to shops, buses, the Tube, and the British Museum.The staff is knowledgeable and ready to help, all one needs to do is ask. A great little Fish and Chips place was in a nearby neighborhood and conveniently near a laundromat. The Wagamamma is within 15 minutes walking. The theatre district can be accessed by foot but nearby buses make the journey even shorter.The breakfasts are as good as any you will see in any B &amp; B.A definite repeat!	
Feb 26 2004	Great place to stay		
Feb 16 2004	Only good things to say!		
Jan 8 2004	My 3rd stay.		
Oct 16 2003	Nice stay in October 2003		
Sep 11 2003	Wonderful Jewel		
Sep 6 2003	Home from home		
Aug 19 2003	Perfect location reasonably priced		
Jul 15 2003	Good location okay hotel		
Jul 5 2003	Watch Out		
Apr 6 2003	Loved the Thanet		
Oct 30 2009 	todo bien		
Nov 3 2008 	excellent rapport qualité/prix		
