	Nice hotel but don't expect to be fed	Comfortable rooms as always with this chain. However, having stayed here for the last 6 months, restaurant service has deteriorated rapidly. I have ordered a pizza 2 or 3 times over the last 2 weeks as a quick bite to eat..... my advice is - don't bother!!! You need to take annual leave when you order food either to take to your room or in the restaurant. The whole operation is disjointed and staff openly argue with each other. No-one can be bothered, and the manners of the staff is appalling. A smile costs nothing. I have resorted to ordering food to be delivered to the hotel, its quicker! 2 hours to make a pizza???!!! Come on! Thats insane, especially when the local delivery firm can do it in 25 minutes! My company has spent in excess of £8000 so I can stay here over the last 6 months, its been a total waste! There is no loyalty from this hotel chain as far as looking after their regulars and this will be my last week staying here. Adam Biscoe, Room 117, 30th November 2009, total and utterly fed up!	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic family hotel	I stayed here with my husband and 7-year-old twins for one night, mid week during half-term. The hotel was just a short walk from Prince Regent station, and the kids thought travelling on the DLR was great fun. The hotel was excellent, with what felt like larger than average family rooms for a Premier Inn. We had dinner and breakfast in the restaurant, which were both very good quality and value. The best aspect of our stay was the staff - everyone we encountered were extremely helpful and made a real fuss of the kids. Only down side was the noise of the passing DLR trains and aircraft, but not a major issue.All in all, excellent value if you don't mind being slightly out of the centre of London.	
Oct 28 2009 	What a hidden gem...	Just got back after a nights stay at this hotel with my hubby and two children. I've stopped in this area of london before, so knew that it was not in the centre. The children loved the train ride, (15 minutes to tower hill) and came along every 8/10 mins.The rooms are very clean and tidy, freshly decorated, but the only down side were the people above us that had young children that ran around the room ( you can not fault the hotel, only the parents).The staff were friendly and helpful, what more can you ask for.The breakfast was great, but I think that we got there at the right time as when we were leaving there was a few people waiting for tables, however there was plenty of choice and plenty to go round.This hotel is great if you dont mind travelling into the centre and if you enjoy peace and quiet.defo be booking again, but for longer next time	
Oct 2 2009	Excellent!	This hotel is excellent! The room was very clean, food was delicious.	
Oct 2 2009 	No Complaints	Having read about the noise issues on this site I arranged a &quot;quiet&quot; room in advance. I was amazed just how quiet the room was! All of the staff were exeptionally friendly and welcoming and seemed genuinly pleased I was staying with them.The room was very large for London standards and perfectly adequately equipped for a budget hotel.I stayed here for two nights whilst attending an event at Excel which is adjacent. There's a pub next door and a chinese restaurant across the road (I only ever eat in a hotel as a last resort)If attending Excel this place takes a lot of beating.	
Sep 30 2009 	Ideal location for the O2	Recently stayed as we were going to a concert at the O2 arena. Very convenient location. All those poor souls traipsing back to the main London stations to go home in crowed trains,all we had to do was to transfer to the Docklands Light Railway and we were having a drink in the bar in no time!Hotel very clean and comfortable,the staff excellent.Welcoming,friendly and very helpful.Bedroom and bathroom spotless.We had the meal deal on offer at the time - dinner and all you can eat breakfast for £20! Food very good.The only downside was the noise from the Dockland Light Railway as our room was right next to it, but it didn't run all night so not really a complaint. Ask for a room at the other side of the hotel and there would be no problem. We would certainly go again if we go to the O2 again.	
Sep 29 2009 	No problems	Stayed here for one night whilst in London for a convention with work. Was welcomed warmly by the reception staff who explained dinner and breakfast options and directed us to our room. Room was large and clean, bathroom was fine. Had dinner in the hotel bar...nothing outstanding, but certainly edible and good service. Breakfast next morning was a little disappointing as the cooked breakfast wasnt really all that hot, but there was a large selection of cereals and plenty bread for toast etc. For the price we paid (£68 for the night for 2 people) we certainly could not complain.	
Aug 28 2009 	Disappointing compared to other Premier Inns I have stayed at	I checked in late and was greeted by a very personable and friendly reception manager. I was given keys to room 407 and on getting to the room it was well made up. Charge for the room was 88 Pounds for the night.There is an Internet access computer by reception.The parking is free from 5pm to 9.30 am so you if you intend having a lie in you will still have to get up early to go and feed the parking meter outside.Whilst this did not affect me as I was to be out early, I can see it being an issue under different circumstances.I was surprised to find though that the room did not have a pressing iron and ironing board, unlike other Premier Inns I have stayed at.The room was terribly noisy with traffic noise, train noise and aircraft noise even with the window shut.Room 407 is on the 4th floor and the train goes past on an elevated bridge that is practically level with the window.Add onto that the low flying Aircraft taking off from Docklands Airport and all this ensured a comfortable nights sleep was not really possible.I really was unimpressed as the soundproofing is not what one would expect of a hotel in a high noise location like this.I have stayed at many Premier Inns all over the UK and never had an issue like this before. Infact I usually stay at them because I know the standard that I am guaranteed, and in every one I have stayed in bar this one, the standard is good to excellent, staff are always friendly and courteous and I have always had a good nights rest.The next morning I complained to the receptionist about the noise. He then stated that I should have called the reception and told them the room was noisy. This got me quite irritated as he spoke to me in an extremely offhanded manner. I asked what he could have done about stopping the traffic noise or aircraft or trains going past the hotel if I had complained. Really due to his attitude, I told him that I was aware of a good nights rest guarantee in other Premier Inns I had stayed at and could not see any of this mentioned in this Premier Inn reception. I then asked to see his Manager.He called the Manager. Despite the fact we could see each other when he called her after about 5 min she came over, completely ignored me and proceeded to deal with a delivery driver. I really was not pleased, particularly as it was getting to 9.30 and I was concerned I would be getting a parking ticket.Once she had dealt with the delivery driver she then told me that it was company policy that I should have complained when the noise was happening. I asked for the good night sleep guarantee literature, but none seemed to be available.She really was as offhand as the receptionist and all in all I was not at all impressed with the Customer Care here.I finally got a refund, and this is one Premier Inn I will not be back to, as I would much rather have had a good nights sleep without the hassle and 'attitude' of the Morning staff.	
May 19 2009 	Good place to stay for ExCel	Perhaps not the most intimate of Premier Inns, but fine for a night's stay if attending an exhibition at ExCel. When the new wing of the centre opens, it will be situated much closer to ExCel than now For the moment it's one stop on DLR or a 10 minute walk - which is fine during the day but certainly not recommended after dark, especially if you're a lone female traveller. Use the free exhibition shuttle bus instead (check times beforehand) and get back to the hotel early.You may well get offered a special &quot;Meal Deal&quot; on arrival. Just beware that, although seemingly cheap, the food is very basic and mostly deep fried (deep fried mushrooms, deep fried fish, chips etc) or boil-in-the-bag type fayre. There was little of nutritional value. They must even have run out of salad as the garnish was the most miniscule bit of lettuce I have EVER seen! You get an inclusive glass of wine, but it's a tiny amount (125 ml?) in a huge glass - presumably a marketing ploy to get you to buy more. It worked!Breakfast was much better than dinner and the early day staff were superbly polite and helpful.There are security guards around outside that tells you this is perhaps not an area to wander around exploring in a posh suit. Indeed, the stark contrast between the modern hotel and the surrounding run down area reminds you that that this is - sadly - still an area of massive social deprivation.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great hotel excellent service good for the 02	We stopped at this hotel in April 2009 we were seeing AC/DC at the 02 arena. We arrived on the DLR Docklands Light Railway which is a few minutes walk away. The staff on arrival we most helpful with maps and extra tea bags and sugar etc. The hotel appeared very clean and the room certainly was. Everything you would expect from a Premier Inn. Good shower and plenty of pillows etc. The DLR runs to the side of the hotel and start fairly early in the morning also the City Airport is close saying that there were no noise issues at all. We didnt eat at the hotel so I cant comment on that. The guy the following morning at checkout I have to say was the nicest reception person Ive meet in a hotel for years and he was only young Im sure he will go far. Would use again for sure if we were gigging at 02 or Excel.	
Apr 16 2009 	Excellent Service superb with children  clean good rooms	The hotel is close to the DLR, with links into London very frequent and our two young children (aged 2 and 6) loved riding the DLR, especially when dark. The immediate area is very limited, but we chose this hotel so we could drive into London, going across the Woolwich Ferry to get there was great fun and free.The family room was a good size comfortably fitting a good size double and two single beds in for the two children. The room was very clean, with the right number of towels, cups etc for us all. The room was quieter than we had expected being so close to the airport and DLR and the beds very comfortable; we all had two good nights sleep.We were all very impressed by the service and the friendly and welcoming staff, we felt well looked after, nothing seemed too much trouble and all staff we encountered without exception were lovely with our two boys. They both loved staying and didn't want to leave.Having a restaurant in the hotel was great with two young children, the food is fine, nothing to be excited about but did the trick. Breakfast was a great hit with the boys and both seemed to eat well, in fact it was their best meal of each day on our trip to London.It is unfortunate that you have to pay for the parking, but we knew that before we arrived and parking was plentiful and immediately outside the hotel.	
Mar 14 2009 	One 0f the best Premier Inn That I have Stayed In 	We had 2 rooms booked as we were going to the O2 to see Tina Turner. Finding the hotel from Prince Regent DLR station is simple (5 min walk) it has signs from the station and you can see the hotel from the station. Upon arriving, the man at checked in welcomed us and checked us in promptly and told us everything we needed to know and booked us breakfast. The rooms were clean and very comfortable. Getting to the O2 is simple with 1 change at Canning Town to North Greenwich. The breakfast was very well presented and a great choice. Had a great night sleep overall and will stay hear next time when at the O2! The concert and the hotel made a great memory of the break.	
Feb 11 2009 	Rooms are good but the service.....?	Well, you always say you know what you’re going to get at a Premier Inn - clean, fast service and reasonably priced edible food. Always close to a road / rail network so you can’t really go wrong, can you? I’ve stayed in dozens of these and I suppose they’re really not worth reviewing as they’re all a model of good value and vanilla service, location and character.But this one is worth a mention…..firstly the directions from the DLR “turn left out of the station” really means turn right! Loads of signs in the station to the hotel but none outside. Luckily enough you can’t miss the hotel neon lights, but how hard is it to give directions?So once you’ve got past the disinterested reception staff (who can recite the corporate mantra as if they’ve had it drilled into them), you get to your room which is as you expect - clean and big enough etc. etc…..pretty good actually.Whether my experience in the restaurant was unique (although reflected by many of the guests) I couldn’t say as I won’t be staying again, but having to wait for 45 minutes for a cold starter isn’t that much fun, although having a giggly young thing assuring you that you’re being looked after, is, to say the least, novel if inaccurate. Oh, and having a high chair pushed into my lap by a waitress could have been excusable, but a screech of “did you see what I did?” didn’t exactly go down well.One word of warning - if you don’t book a table you won’t get dinner. Simple as that. I saw a few people wait for over an hour just to get a table.Food….well, it’s normally reasonable across the chain but this was different. When it arrived it really wasn’t worth the effort (must have been hard to cook to have taken so long) but I’d been beaten into submission by then. It had to be eaten, and it was just about OK. Anyway, the upside was that I just got asked if my Company was paying (yes), and it was all over….no room number, nothing. Must be a very clever system…..Bed was comfortable; room was OK, nice and quiet so I had a good night’s sleep.So, in conclusion, I don’t really understand why this one should be so different to all the other Premier Inns, but it is (unless the ones I’ve not yet been to are the same). So, come on Lenny (Henry), go stay at this one and dream up a new strap line for the adverts….but for goodness sake can someone put some effort into this place - it’s ruining the brand which is a real shame.I was booked in for two nights but decided not to stay for the 2nd night…….unfortunately impossible to cancel the room at reception in the morning due to some indecipherable nonsense about “system access”…......	
Feb 2 2009	Great hotel really enjoyed it.	I stayed at this hotel with a large group of friends in March of 2008 and we all really enjoyed it and had no real complaints. Very good on the wallet and a nice place to stay. PROS- The staff was great, the rooms were nice. There was, of course, an elevator. Nice little pub across the street with a mean purple rain ;). Very nice lobby with TVs and ample setting room. Bar in the lobby with real nice people working. Breakfast in the morning is simple but good. They're more than willing to help you with anything CONS- The location is a little bit out of the way. You have to walk across two parking lots to get to the DLR but then there's only one stop to get on the tube. It would be more convenient if it connected directly to the tube. We had to call it an early night while we were there because the DLR closes earlier than the tube.	
Dec 9 2008 	Smart modern and doesn't break the bank	Tired of paying upwards of £100 per night to stay in central London, I decided to try this hotel, which was almost half the price.I was pleasantly surprised - the building looked almost brand new, the lobby was spacious and modern. The staff very friendly and helpful. The corridors and rooms looked newly fitted, there was still even the 'new carpet smell'! The room was nicely appointed with a small LCD freeview TV, cumfortable beds.The bathroom was spotless, nicely designed, with a great shower.It is a little bit of a trek, probably about 20 mins to a half hour on the tube and DLR from central London, but when chatting with friends, its nothing really.There is a footpath from Prince regent DLR to the hotel - you don't have to cross a massive car park as the other reviews stated, not sure where that came from.The footpath is next to a main road, and well lit, although it is a little remote just as you approach the hotel itself, which you do from the rear. No problem though, as others are there to pass by.Contrary to other reviews, the hotel was not too busy, and I'm sure we could have had a meal there, but we decided to get the DLR to canary wharf, where there are lots of smart shops, plenty of restaurants, and nice open park areas outside. Perfect - we really enjoyed exploring there.I'd definitely stay there again - spacious, modern, clean, and cumfortable, near Canary Wharf, and half price compared to the dingy places in central london. :)	
Oct 29 2008	Great service	I recently stayed at the premier inn hotel in excel back in july for the motor show event. My reservation was actually pre-booked and paid for by my compnay on behalf of me, however, I just felt that I had to commend the staff on their level of customer care and service!!The hotel was predominanlty filled with guests mainly for the motor show all of which were taking part for various different reasons. The reception staff were constantly seeking to please and help every guest throughout who entered the reception area. Being a single lady, I felt most safe and secure during my weeks stay there. I would definately promote this hotel for single travellers and the location is just great if your at the excel or generally going into london with friends. As I had done so. thanks to all the team!	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Location - Efficient Hotel	I stayed at the Premier Inn Docklands with a friend for an Expo at the Excel Arena. The hotel is situated 5 mins walk from Prince Regent DLR station and is sign posted so you cant miss it. The hotel was very clean and the staff were efficient the room cost £60 per night for a double which is not bad considering the hotels in the area are usually in high demand when there is a big event on nearby. I cannot fault the hotel it was how I expected it to be. Can't comment on the food or drink as we ate elsewhere but the restaurant was busy!	
May 10 2008 	Excellent Hotel...........but	I booked this hotel becaue it was close to the 02 Arena,which it was. 2 stops on the train, the only problem i had with the hotel was the &quot;lonely&quot; walk from the train station to the hotel for 2 females at midnight. You had to walk across 2 carparks takes about 5 mins. Luckily another couple got off at our stop too!!! We went to the CELINE DION concert on may 8th.But if i had known about this before i would have stayed more in London city!!!!BUT the hotel was excellent,rooms lovely and clean. Breakfast was delicous, fresh and not &quot;greasy/oily&quot;!!!!! One lady diner had 2 cooked breakfasts and weetabix,so she enjoyed it!!!!!	
Apr 2 2008 	Fantastic	We arrived here after a sleepness night at another 'budget' hotel. The staff were welcoming, found us a quiet room. The room was excellent, beautifully clean, clearly the satff take pride in their work. Reception staff polite and helpful. Breakfast fantastic, plentiful and of good quality. We booked for an evening meal which was acceptable but average.It is situated close to the DLR but it isnt that noisy; not compared to a standard railway. It is close to City Airport, but if you ask to be situated at the front or the side of the hotel then the noise isnt that much of a problem. Compared to where we had just stayed believe me it was bliss! The airport shuts at night.It is very close to Prince Regent DLR. We had several late evening trips and arrived back after midnight. The DLR was very busy even at this time of night and we never felt concerned for our safety. The walk from the station takes about 10 minutes.The £12 car parking is irritating, but to be fair they do warn you about this, and they warn you about the noise from the airport	
Dec 21 2007 	Handy for the O2 if you've no car	Stayed here twice during December whilst at concerts at the O2 Arena. The hotel is a standard Premier Inn, very clean and new, no issues there. Bar and restaurant are fine and food/beer is good. It's actually quite handy for the O2, a couple of minutes to Prince Regent DLR Station and a few stops to the North Greenwich Underground Station. On the way out after a concert the O2 is a nightmare but if staying here you'll find you're going in the opposite direction from the majority of concert goers and, trains permitting, you'll be in the bar quite quickly.Downside...this hotel is not in a nice area. Traveling to it you'll see the side of London that the tourist guides don't show. The outlook from it is a bit grim.Whilst staying there at least one car was broken into whilst in the car park and various ne'r do wells spotted roaming the area.If you're traveling on public transport your experience should be, as mine was, fine but I wouldn't park my car there or go wandering locally.	
Oct 15 2007 	Fan..... tas....tic....	My wife and I were at a conference in Excel Centre and needed economic accomodation. We chose this hotel although we had never used a budget hotel before. What a delight this hotel is. The reception staff are smiley and helpful. The house-keeping staff supplied us with 6 extra pillows[ my wife broke her ribs 1 week earlier] AND found a rubber bath mat even though we were told they didn't have any. I suspect they went out and bought one for us as it came brand new in it's original wrapper. What service. The bar and restaurant staff were also fantastic. By the end of the 5days they had become &quot;friends&quot;. I can honestly say I have never been treated so well ......even in the Ritz, which we stayed in last year. We ordered lunch one day and hadn't been aware of it taking a while to get to us [i'm sure it was no more than 20mins or so] but once it arrived, it was followed by the chef to offer his apologies??!!?! Never happened to me before. I would recommend this hotel NOT just for a budget stay but for any stay in London. Central London is only 20 to 30 mins away by d.l.r. and underground. Loved it.	
Oct 9 2007 	Need to know how the system works or else!	Have to agree with comments of some others.The hotel itself is ok - rooms are clean and presentable. Llocation is good, especially if you are attending an event at Excel. If not, that is where your problems start!Parking - £12 a day regardless if you are a resident and whether an event is on - and you WILL get clamped if you try it on!Evening meal - you must book in advance, otherwise no chance (food ok!). There is limited scope for food locally. Captive audience so stuffed if you do not consider in advance.Docklands Light Rail nearby (indeed some good views from upper floors!!), although a bit of a walk to nearest station.Other local hotels nearby, such as Ibis, may provide an alternative, although have not stayed there (yet).Be warned!	
Aug 20 2007 	excellent!	I stayed here for one night on august 17th as I was going to see Prince at the O2 and this Hotel was ideal as it's situated close by. I found the reception staff to be extremely helpful &amp; courteous and the room standard was excellent-exceptionally clean and quite spacious. I'm a stickler for a clean bathroom and I have no complaints with this one-and an added bonus of a Lux shower gel dispenser was a nice touch. I would say the only downside is the parking cost-£12 during th day, luckily I arrived after 5:30pm so I did not not have to pay and set off again at 9am the following day. I would most certainly recommend this Hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable base from which to explore the Nation's capitol.	
Jun 27 2007 	Reserve you Restaurant Table at check in	I stayed here for 2 nights while working at the London Excel in early June.The hotel was very nice and I had a 1st floor room overlooking the local pub car park. The room was everything I needed for my stay.From Prince Regent DLR Station the 5 minute walking route is well signposted but in Winter in the dark it does not look appetising.I did not book a restaurant table at check in when asked. I turned up on spec for a table and after waiting for over an hour went to the local Chinese Restaurant. For my second night I did book and the food is reasonably priced and good quality. I would recommend it.If you walk round to the front of the London Excel Centre around the side of the Sunborn Yacht (or through it if the centre is open) two well respected restaurants can be found. The Superstar Chinese Restaurant and the No.1 Caribbean Restaurant in the UK 2006-07 (A flyer in the ExCel Centre has this on) called Caribbean Scene so if the waiting time at the Travel Inn restaurant is too long try these out.Also on the quayside at the front of ExCel is a small general store if you require any small items for your stay.If the Excel is open they have a leaflet of all the local eateries within 15 mins walk of the centre.I certainly will stay at this hotel again but in Winter the walk from the Prince Regent DLR in the dark looks daunting.	
May 7 2007 	Eat before you arrive	I had the misfortune of staying in this hotel for one night in March. I often stay in Premier Travel Inns and find them very good value for money. However, this was the worst I've stayed. If you arrive by DLR it is a 10 minute walk across a huge car park although there is parking on site. My room was on the fourth floor at the end of the corridor. From my room I had a fantastic view of the DLR with trains passing no more than 20 feet from my window. .Anyway I could cope with that, it was the catering arrangements that really annoyed me. There is a restaurant on site and a pub serving food next door too. At 7.30 I wandered across to the pub and nothing on the menu really took my fancy so I went back to the hotel. I was advised to book a table when I checked which I hadn't done but I though it was worth asking anyway. I was told that the next table would be available at 9.30, a wait of 2 hours. I decided against that option and got room service instead.However, room service is slightly different in this hotel. You order your food at the bar and then wait for the tray to take up to your room. I ordered a simple burger and chips at 7.50pm and sat down to wait. I laughed to myself as I saw those who had booked tables in the restaurant waiting for 45 minutes to be seated. However I wasn't laughing when I realised that I would be waiting an equally long time. Eventually I asked the girl at the bar about my food. She expressed surprise that I hadn't had it as yet and went to check, two minutes later it appeared. It had taken 1 hour and 10 minutes for my burger and chips to materialise. What a joke.If you are unfortunate enough to be scheduled to stay at this hotel I definiely advise that you eat before you get there and food is definitely not a priority here.	
Dec 11 2006 	Awful - Cold noisy room and you'll go hungry!	On the plus side - it's only 3mins walk from the Prince Regent stop on the DLR and there's a lovely bar/restaurant behind the hotel.On the negative side - Check in was a nightmare as they had no record of my reservation, and the reference number was apparently invalid. I was made to search through a pile of faxes left on the front desk displaying credit card and security numbers for guests until I found mine - this lack of regard for my (and other guests) financial security was outrageous. The room was cold &amp; the noise from the heating/air con too loud to have on at night. There were air vents blowing in cold air from outside, and the noise of the wind was unbearable - but these did get taped up eventually but meant I had a couple of cold noisy nights of no sleep. I failed to get a table in the restaurant for breakfast and dinner (even with booking) on the first two nights (apparently having 10 people in the restaurant quantifies being too full) so I ate at the restaurant behind the hotel for the other two nights. Given the complaints I overheard from other guests in the restaurant this was probably just as well. Breakfast would have been expensive anyway at £7.50. &quot;Breakfast for those in a hurry&quot; was a no-go as well as I waited 15mins before I had to get my train. Restaurant staff were beyond hopeless. I managed to get a tiny cold jacket potato from the bar menu after an hours wait on night two (being the only thing on offer as the kitchen had run out of cheese - a vital ingredient of every other dish).To sum up, if you just want a room and aren't worried about breakfast or dinner it's probably ok. There are no other amenities in the area other than the one bar/restaurant behind the hotel.Point to note - there are two premier travel inns in the area so check you get the right one. There seemed to be a lot of confusion on check in with people having turned up to the wrong one.	
Aug 9 2006	Clean and modern but expensive and poor staff.	I stayed here for the London Triathlon 2006. It's in a good location, about 5 minutes walk to the Excel center and the DLR, and is generally a clean and modern hotel.I had booked a twin room - on arrival we discovered a double and couch bed, which wasn't exactly ideal for a good nights rest before the race. When I complained I overheard the receptionist say I was &quot;moaning about the room&quot; as she transferred me to the duty manager, who was equally unhelpful and quite confrontational when I asked her for a proper twin. As it turned out the couch bed arrangement was covered in the small print but the complaint wasn't handled well at all and just reinforced the impression of staff who just couldn't care less.The continental breakfast at £5.50 advertised on the website was not available so we had to pay the standard £7.50 which is a bit much for cereal and a fruit salad. There is no refrigerator in the room and there are no decent supermarkets/shops near by (that we found).On the plus side they did lay on porridge for breakfast and three pasta courses for dinner during the weekend of the triathlon.	
Jul 24 2006 	Does what it says on the tin	Stayed at this travel inn on the 20th July as visiting the motor show at excel. First comment would be that it was practically impossible to find. There is a lot of building work going on on the Docklands so it was difficult to find anywhere but as the Travel Inn couldnt be seen from the road, it was twice as difficult. However the location was ideal as it was literally a two minute walk to excel. Hotel itself is a standard travel inn, good value for money, clean basic rooms, no complaints at all. We had breakfast and dinner there and both were really good value for money and excellent food. Only gripe would be the car parking fees. Depending on what time of day you arrive you could end up paying £12 for a days parking. It is free between 5.30pm and 9.30am and is owned by the Docklands not Travel Inn but still felt it was a rip off. A word of warning, at the moment there are concerts at the Docklands which if you are on the wrong side of the hotel will keep you awake. They do finish around 11 so wouldnt affect you unless you retire early or have young children.	
May 10 2006	Good Hotel poor staffing	Stayed here for the 2nd time for the London marathon. Rooms are standard Travel Inn fare, ie comfortable and clean. Bathrooom spotless with high pressure shower and bath.Now a charge for parking £12 per day. Machine was faulty when I was there causing much hassle. Long waits to be seated in the restuarant in the evening and morning. I seated myself both morning after getting bored waiting.Buffet dinner and breakfast food is sometimes slow to appear.Overall though worth £60 per night.	
Mar 7 2006	Great Hotel Excellent Bed Good Bath Friendly Service	Most comfortable bed almost ever (equals Hotel Zubialde in Bilbao!), service with smile and spotless room and bath, nice train and bus connections. Little bit cold in the room at first, got warmer after two days.. Quiet and quite peaceful location by the City Airport. Excellent value for money. Should have four stars!	
Feb 7 2006	excellent quality for money	I have stayed in several hotels in the Docklands area and without a doubt I can say I had a wonderful stay. The staff is friendly and professional. The hotel offers excellent quality for money and the rooms are cleaned to a excellent standard.	
Aug 12 2005	Great hotel for its type	We stayed in this hotel at the end of June 2005. I am reviewing the hotel according to its type, obviously you won't expect chandeliers in a budget hotel for example. I'll try to be as balanced as I can.Bad pointsLocation. This hotel is quite a way out of town, which means approx 25 min journey to travel in, on the Docklands Light Railway and so of course there's the cost of fares. We bought all-zones travel cards anyway so it didn't matter to us and we used them all week. We actually liked the journey at the beginning and end of each day, passing the docklands, which is very varied and interesting to see. The huge, contemporary big-bank buildings and finance section; the flats and other housing; the marinas and the new ExCel building that we passed near to our hotel. It gave us time to plan our day on the way out and to relax and begin to unwind at the end going 'home'. The DLR was comfortable and clean and wasn't hot or overcrowded like the tubes, though the temps were very high that week - a pleasant journey. The other location issue was that the hotel has been built on a part of the docks that is still being developed and is out on a limb, with only one other hotel next to it. The area surrounding the hotel and car park is barren, stretching quite a distance and so doesn't look too good. I am sure this will improve and no longer be unattractive when the rest of the dock has been developed. A good, well lit path has been built from the DLR station to the hotel but we didn't find it til the last day, so look out for it! Its on the left as you leave the station, looking towards the hotel. Make sure you get off at the right DLR station. We made the mistake of getting off 2 stops too soon (at Royal Victoria) as that particular dock is huge. You need Prince Regent station and you can see the hotel from the station.In my opinion these are minor issues but worth mentioning as they are the only bad points I have to mention.Good points The hotel is extremely clean and well maintained. It has quite recently been refitted so is modern and in very good condition. The main bed is VERY comfortable, the pull out and sofa bed not quite so comfy but ok. The room was fairly basic but had everything we needed and was excellent value for money. The staff were all polite, friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. They were also good about storing our luggage for us at the beginning and end of our stay, they have a room for it. We had a couple of minor niggles, like the remote for the tv wasn't working but we took it to reception and they apologised and gave us another straight away.We didn't eat any meals at the hotel other than the breakfasts but they were wonderful! Eat as much as you want from a very wide and varied selection which included chocolate muffins, croisants, Muller yoghurts, fruit, wide selection of cereal and all the usual full cooked English breakfast items to name just a few. The food was always hot and well cooked and the staff were very quick to refil or cook something extra for you if they ran out (which was rare) even though once it was past the breakfast sitting time. Honestly the staff were so good, all of them, reception, restaurant staff, even the maids were excellent in their manner and quality. Breakfast didn't come in with the price as is the case for most budget hotels of this type but was very good value and kept us full for most of the day.Because the hotel was out of town, it was considerably cheaper to stay there than its counterpart in the city, which for a week-long stay really made a difference. Another location plus, was that we didn't have any problems with the excess city heat and transport fumes, that I've read about in other reviews of hotels in the city centre. On the contrary, it was like a breath of fresh air to get away from the hot weather and stuffiness of the city and feel a nice cool breeze. The inside of the hotel is air conditioned and again this was great because the heat outside and in some city buildings that week was very oppressive, due to a heatwave.I am rating this hotel as above average for its type, only knocking one spot off because of the location. Being out of town had its good and bad points. Perhaps for a very short stay, where time is of the essence, the time spent travelling would make a hotel nearer the centre a better choice. In our case the pros outweighed the cons and we all liked it very much. Great staff!	
Apr 18 2005 	Good business choice.	Stayed at the Premier Travel Inn Docklands whilst on business at ExCel (about 5 mins walk away) for a few days. The hotel has friendly and courteous staff, the rooms are quite spacious and include a large sofa, the showers are good, and the breakfast is nice. It's a bit out of the way from central London (2 changes on the train), but if your business is at ExCel or Docklands in general, this hotel is a good choice. It's also very near City Airport.	
