May 26 2009 	very nice	I was amazed by this hotel...it was so nice and comfortable, the room was big enough for 2 persons, the bathroom was kind of small , but ok. Each day the housekeepers arraged our bed, and swept the floor, took away our garbage and put new towels and toilet paper. The breakfast was typically English, with bacon, eggs, beans, toast, etc...and its all you can eat. The staff was very friendly, they even offered to keep our luggage after check out, in order for us to spend a little more time shopping before we went to the airport. The hotel is very close to the bus station, subway, train, has many restaurants and shops around. I will deffinetly stay there again.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great location Breakfast buffet decent rooms	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and we were quite satisfied. The room was a bit old and the whole of the hotel sure needs to be refurbished, but it was ok in general. The rooms were cleaned every morning and the staff was quite friendly. This is an average hotel to meet your basic needs, especially if you are tourists and you spend the whole day out. A great advantage is the &quot;all you can eat&quot; English breakfast buffet, which can get you going all day! The breakfast quality though needs some improvement, but you will find sausages, fried eggs, scrambled eggs, tomatoes, bacon, baked beans, 2 pieces of toast for each person, butter, jam, coffee, tea, cereal, milk, orange juice....what more do you need?Also I need to mention the excellent location, just opposite King's Cross station, where you get all tube lines and buses. Carlton is a cheap London hotel that is ok if you don't want to spend a fortune. We are now booking another room for the coming Spring!	
May 22 2008 	Do not stay here!!!!!!!!!!	I walked in of the street to book a night at this hotel. He booked me in and charged me £80 for the night claiming the room was a family room.The shower facilities were shared between three rooms(if i wanted this i would have gone to a hostel) and were filthy. There was a light fitting hanging from the roof. The toilet did not flush and the whole building smelt really foul.To top it all of the room had electrical cables hanging from the wall and the entrance to the room was through a so called fire exit.DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 19 2007 	worst night of my life	what a night!! we got to the hotel at 7.15pm, after travelling down from manchester. the man on reception seemed very nice, until i told him we wouldnt be able to have breakfast as we would be leaving at around 5am. he just shrugged and charged me full price of £75 for one night. we went to our room on the 3rd floor. it was very very shabby, the lamp shade had loads of stains on it, the blankets on the beds were very thin, the beds were past it, the furniture was falling apart with handles missing on drawers. the worst thing was how cold the room was. there were 2 radiators but neither was on. being the middle of november it was freezing in the room. i was glad to check out at 5am after no sleep because it was too cold. not good when my son and i have asthma.i wouldnt let my worst enemy stay at this hotel. disgraceful.	
Oct 22 2007 	Stay Away - Vile!!!!!!!	This hotel is terrible and that's an understatement!!! It's very expensive for what it is, this place is only small step up from staying in a hostel.......and i mean small! The rooms are dirty and falling to pieces. You couldn't close our bathroom door as the handle was hanging off and even if you could you couldn't lock it as the lock had dropped off and was in one of the top draws, not very handy for a triple room. The dresser did have a mirror but was of no use if you wanted to look at your face as it was vey loose and could only see the floor in it. The wires for the heater in the bathroom were all hanging out which i'm sure can't be safe and you couldn't really get to the tiny sink to wash your face properly due to a third tap stuck on the wall. The final straw was when we went to get in bed as the duvet had chewing gum stuck to it (NOT OURS!!). Once we finally dared to get in bed the noise was horrendous, not from the station or the road but there was a guy trying to get in to the hotel and he was hefing and blinding and sounded like he was going to break the door down. I have no idea why this should have been happening as there is supposedly a 24 hour reception and surely if he wasn't suppose to be there the reception, which was about 5 meters away from the door should have called the police. To add to that there was scaffolding all round the hotel and the window did not lock. We didn't venture down for breakfast even though it was paid for because by this time we just wanted to get out of this hell hole!! All in all this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in, in any country! Next time i'm definatley going to do my homework as this hotel was dire! Kings Cross station is bang opposite which i suppose is usefull but if you want to feel safe and actually get some sleep then don't stay here it's NASTY!!!!!!!!	
Jun 25 2007	It was ok-spacious room	Compared to a previous hotel in area we stayed at, the room was a good size, had a double bed and a twin in it, nice shower. It had a lift which is a bonus for 4 floors. Breakfast was absolutely delicious, a full english breakfast buffet. The place was clean but the bed linen was very worn, but clean and could use replacing. We stayed there on two different occasions in June and they kept our excess baggage for us at no extra charge. The second time we stayed the room size was similar but we had a full bathtub/shower. Again, not a bad place, have stayed in worse. The staff here were very nice also.	
Jun 25 2007 	What a kip! Stay away.	Booked into this hotel for 4 nights but had to leave after one. Didn't sleep a wink. Partition walls were paper thin so that every noise from the other rooms could be heard clearly. When someone got out of bed to walk around in the room above, the floor ands walls creaked loudly. There was no sound proofing between rooms whatsoever. The room was dirty and dusty. Windows didn't close properly. No air conditioning. Worst hotel i've ever stayed in.	
Jun 2 2007 	Terrible	We arrived and having booked a twin we were told we were to be put in a room with a small double bed. When we realised this wouldn't be acceptable, we were told that we would have to pay extra to stay in a room with 2 beds. An extortionate £100 in total, this wouldn't have been so bad had the room being of a good standard. We didn't quible too much as it was getting late in the day and we had a lot to pack in. The room was very small and dark and smelt like an ashtray. The Bathroom was dirty and the bedding had cigarette burns in it. Sleeping was almost impossible as our window looked out onto Pentonville road and Kings Cross which was veyr busy with traffic and late night revellers, to top it off the window didn't shut properly. We didn't experience the breakfast as we were too afraid to risk it, if the cleanliness of the room was anything to go by. We definitely won't be staying here again.	
Jul 9 2006	Mediocrity	Don't confuse this hotel with the Carlton in Belgravia, the best thing about this one was its location directly across from King's Cross RR Station. My daughter and I were in a hurry and needed a hotel close to this particular station. There are lots of other hotels around this area, and none of them looked particularly inviting. The area itself is not great, very busy with pedestrian and vehicular traffic but there were some quieter streets than Euston Rd, the main thoroughfare which our window looked out on. We had to have the window open because it was hot and not only was the traffic and street noise coming in loud and clear, but they were also jackhammering part of the roadway! Get out the earplugs. The rooms and bathrooms were clean, but the &quot;feel&quot; of the place was not great. Not bad, but not great. No carpet on the floor-linoleum, no pictures on the walls, the hallways were dark, they didn't distinguish between smoking and non-smoking. The guy sitting at the desk when we came was bored, definitely not perky, though helpful. The breakfast was toast, scrambled eggs or fried, canned baked beans, and those stewed tomatoes the Brits are so fond of. Corn flakes if you wanted them, and the staff at breakfast were very nice. Breakfast room large and clean. I thought the price was pretty steep for what was a second-rate room.	
Oct 17 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo e ottima posizione !		
May 5 2009 	Preciso logisticamente		
Apr 29 2009 	Chambres Minuscule Veillot Rue et chambre bruyante prix/prestations ok		
Mar 28 2009 	chinches!!!!!		
