	Relaxed Luxury and Centrally Chic...	We have recently stayed at Durley House on a family holiday with my partner, Mother and Nephew. We are quite well traveled and opt for first class air travel, 5 star hotels and do enjoy luxury thus we can be quite fastidious with accommodation and are fairly picky. We decided that the city of London demanded a boutique hotel and found Durley House situated in the middle of London on Sloane Street which is in the most wonderful central and not to mention completely chic location. We arrived late but were offered a complimentary beverage and shown to our suites without delay. This is an all suite boutique hotel and my Mother and Nephew were given a 2 bedroom suite which was rather huge by London standards and fully equipped with floor to ceiling windows from the elegant drawing room looking over the park. With a full kitchen, bathroom and two bedroom they were quite impressed. Whilst my partner and I had a one bedroom luxury suite which was most spacious again with kitchen and drawing room that again enjoyed views of the park opposite. This hotel is defenitely not modern day hi tech or minimalist and is more old world glamor at it's very best abound in history and delight. The bathrooms are well equipped with over sized towels and zen bathroom products whilst some may say they are dated I disagree and imagine that these are just how the bathrooms would be at Buckingham Palace, classically styled and fully functional with strong powerful showers which are great after a busy day in London. The Drawing room in our suite was ideal and the 4 of us had breakfast on our first morning delivered by the staff via a dumb waiter elevator in our suite, served on crisp white linen and consisting of pastries, toasts, selections of cheeses and meats, cappuccinos, orange juice, eggs Benedict and the most delicious pancakes! The internet worked well and was very fast as well as a selection of papers were provided each morning along with a full supply of current fashion, home and business magazines for you to read in the suite. The hotel foyer is small as one would expect but also has a very grand and comfortable reading library located to the right. Whilst Durley House may not be suited to everyone who may want modern technology and minimalist style this all suite hotel supplied us with the perfect home away from home whilst in London. We were most comfortable with more space than we required and completely central surrounded by style, shopping and sight seeing. The Hotel concierge even managed to book us a table for dinner at The Ivy with very short notice. We shall be using this hotel again when returning to London without a doubt as the space and comfort was such an indulgence for central London and at very good value!	
Aug 20 2009 	'Dirty' House contained shabby furniture falling to pieces...	We had to move from the first apartment we were allocated because of a blocked toilet stuffed with loo paper; a really unpleasant 'welcome' showing housekeeping were not stringent. The place didn't feel clean at all - dusty and musty - and the furniture was shabby - we found one table was broken and another breakfast table / footstool collapsed under us. The apartment kitchens in particular were of a very poor and basic standard and very sparsely equipped - we had to ask for teabags and milk as we'd arrived late when all the shops were shut - there was no consistency of supplies. The breakfast was poor quality too - supermarket croissants and the juice not freshly squeezed but from a carton - not what you expect when paying this sort of money. We were simply not at all happy there and moved after a couple of days, having originally booked in for 2 weeks.	
Aug 16 2009 	Beware!! The website paints a different picture.	Shabby, filthy, furniture dangerous and falling to pieces, a blocked toilet and questionable staff. These were the delights to welcome us upon check-in. The bathrooms are not clean and are in desperate need of complete modernisation as are the guest suites. A great shame because the location is fabulous. It is vastly over-rated and over-priced. In addition the meal we ordered was very poor. Please don't be deceived by the website.	
Aug 7 2009 	Perfect London hotel for our family!	We researched many hotels to accomodate our family of 4 - two middle school kids. Wanted enough beds &amp; space to spread out. This was perfect. We had 2 &quot;living rooms&quot; &amp; a small kitchen, 2 bathrooms. I was a bit worried after reading some negative reviews - I can be a hotel &quot;snob&quot;. (Comments about stained carpet, which is due to be replaced this fall. They did shampoo it upon request) But, this hotel is a perfect London hotel. Very charming, great staff (Ahlam is the best!). Location is near great shopping &amp; tube. Staff anticipated our needs! Would recommend it to all my friends!	
Jul 24 2009 	Your very own Sloane street Pied-a-terre....	Durley house could quintessentially become my own Sloane street Pied-a terre! Impressive with its 11 beautiful rooms it remained a soothing calmness and air of a private house. I was delighted to be greated by such a warm welcome after battling against the awful english weather! And was even more delighted to enter a beautifully spacious apartment complete with a kitchen! If like me you need privacy and space but still need to remain in the heart of London city then Durley House is a perfect pied-a-terre to call your very own.....well at least for a little while...!	
Apr 24 2009 	Enjoy the space and location..great for families.	I had read very mixed reviews about this hotel, but for our family needs (2 adults, 2 young children) it was perfect. The hotel does look as if it hasn't been touched since the 1980's-it's a bit like a time warp, but I thought it had a good feel to it. Traditional English style - antiques, huge oil paintings of men with moustaches, dumb waiters (not the human type!), etc. Facilities good - taps in bathroom could do with a re-chrome, but it's made of sturdy stuff - it's the actual space that we valued above all.. Staff very helpful and not intrusive. If you're into minimalist perfection and shiney surfaces then this isn't the place for you...but if you're after a relaxed stay in a great location with lots of space then I would highly recommend it. We stayed in the Durley Suite... I loved the huge sitting room area - you could do several cartwheels here if you wanted (not that we did) - ceiling to floor windows overlooking cadogan private gardens. Staff can give you a key ( and tennis racquets) for the gardens (two tennis courts and a play area for younger children ). Harrods down the road and Kings Road round the corner. Would come back here.	
Nov 19 2008 	Don't go there whatever you do!	The web sight made it look like a luxury hotel and nothing could be further from the truth: peeling wallpaper, stained carpets, worn armchairs set in a terribly dull and depressing decor. Hopeless staff, (I had to communicate with them about ten times before they got the dates right), but worst of all, dirty bathroom with rotting flowers in the vase. Boring menu and bizarre lighting. I found it a rip-off and felt cheated from the minute I walked in.	
Mar 13 2008 	Fantastic service but a tired "gem" in the West End	We were looking for a London hotel and booked Durley House via Lastminute.com as it had a nice description and was an excellent price for its prime location. Check in was excellent with fantasticaly helpful and friendly staff who sped us through the process and whisked us up to our room. We had booked a one bedroom suite / appartment (they are all suites / appartments but some have 2 bedrooms). The room itself was very clean and comfortable although a little &quot;tired&quot; in its decoration. Very large and comfortable bed! My only complaint would be the poor water pressure for the shower.We ate in our room and must compliment the hotel on its food. It was excellent. The wine is very resonably priced. Food orders are sent to the room via a dumb waiter and then served by a member of the hotel staff.I would throughly recommend Durley House. The service is outstanding and the location is excellent. If they redecorated this would be a truley outstanding place to stay in London.	
Nov 5 2007 	LocationLocation and Family Friendly	My family (two adults + two girls aged 6 &amp; 3) stayed in this hotel in October 2007. We stayed in a &quot;two bedroom luxury apartment&quot; for four nights in October. It was a special trip as we were celebrating a milestone birthday for my wife, and as such we upped our normal budget to stay in this hotel. We were very satisfied with all aspects of our stay. The staff were very friendly and professional,- special mention must go to Lenny and Michelle. The standard of accomodation was perfect for our needs, particularly having the use of a kitchen, which when you have small children was very useful for preparing breakfasts,snacks etc.,We used room service on the day of our arrival, and we were very happy with the standard and choice, and also the use of the &quot;dumb waiter&quot; was a thrill for our young kids.The location is very good, in a very exclusive area of London, and the tupe station in Sloane Square is a short stroll away. I can't comment on the Breakfast as we didn't try it.	
Sep 27 2007 	World Traveller	A rather shabby property demanding high rates for what really should be priced for less. The food was terrible, apparently prepared by a gourmet chef but looked more like frozen food. Staff could not speak english or failed to provide sufficient support for enquiries and requests to speak to the manager.Honestly your better off going somewhere, i was rather frustrated by the lack of communication from head office after i complained via email.In short a terrible waste of money!	
Aug 31 2007 	Warning: Routine Maintenance Not Being Done and Not Very Clean	This hotel is definitely on the decline and needs some MAJOR renovations if it wishes to bill itself as a &quot;luxury&quot; property. It appears as if no money has been spent on routine mantenance recently. We stayed in two different rooms and both had problems......broken window cords, holes in the wall where hardware had fallen out and wasn't replaced....places in the ceiling where there had been obvious water leaks which looked like they could fall in any minute...overall feeling that it wasn't very clean and worst of all, stinky sewer gas smell that came out of the bidet when the tub was emptied. They obvious have some major problems with upkeep. Would never stay here again despite great location near Sloane Square.	
Mar 17 2007	A little paradise in the heart of London	In the last few years , have been traveled a lot to the Uk. I have a decent inclination for sophistication and high standards and I admit I love english styles, traditional and modern.  I must disagree with some negative reviews I have seen lately about the Durley House Hotel in Sloane Street, London. I have stayed there for numerous times and I have found the place a little paradise of personalised service and friendlyness. In fact, I know that I have been literally a pain, in asking for help in different occasions and the staff and management was incredibly helpful and accurate. I can't count the times I have visited since last year and already 2007, but I can't wait for the opportunity to be able to bring my family and friends, as I have felt like home and would love to enjoy london with them in a place like this	
Feb 12 2007 	Great Location but Tired	Have stayed a couple of times due to the great location on Sloan St. Rooms are good size but need updating. The staff is friendly but not well trained. They are not knowledgeable about London restuarants, have some difficulty making dinner reservations or obtaining theater tickets. With better management and some improvement in decor, this place would be great.	
Oct 6 2006 	Not enough for what I paid	One thing is old and a different thing is dirty. This is a very historical place but things like the bathrooms seem like haven't been cleaned since 1800!! Although the hotel staff is nice and helpful, disorganization is one thing among all of them. Sending clothes for dry cleaning is a nigthmare because they don't mark your clothing, so be careful since your clothes can be missed. Making reservations...no!!!...you can spend two days waiting for their help in doing a reservation for you. I paid 400 pounds...with that money I could have had a much better experience in a different hotel!!	
May 12 2006 	There are better places to go	Very nice home atmosphere, staff is very attentive and welcoming, but:-rooms facing Sloane street are noisy-in my room (7) air conditioner was not working; they gave me a portable conditioner, but it was just enough to freshen the bedroom. Temperature was terribly hot, mainly beacause of the many hot water tubes under the floor-forniture is quite old, needs to be changed-TVs are terrible: 14&quot; old models; they could afford buying new ones-lack of restaurant at the end my stay there was not bad, but I wouldnt come back.	
Feb 6 2006 	a second home in central london	I was welcomed by the hotel manager, given a 2 room suite with fireplace, kitchen with a selection of wines and drinks, a great bathroom, big bed and they brought my breakfast every morning in my room.friendly staff and very professional, hotel is located in the heart of the city, next to all the luxury shops and 5 minutes walk from the tube.A second home, fantastic.	
Aug 21 2005	The best service ever!!!	This is such a well kept secret that I feel reluctant to tell anyone else about it! Durley House is a five star &quot;All suite&quot; Hotel but in fact is more like having your own apartment in Sloane Street. My Suite was beautiful and had a very English feel (wonderful two bedrooms for the family); only slight complaint was that it needed new carpet as a few stains were quite large and visible.The real charm of this Hotel is the staff. Amazing! Never before has my family been made to feel more welcome and at home. Garrett spent more then 20 minutes on our arrival making sure that we had all the right restaurant choices and that we were as comfortable as possible. He was spot on all 6 times!! The whole place is amazing and is by far my best Hotel stay in all of my 40 years of Travel. Highly recommended!	
