Nov 5 2009 	Mixed	Positives - we needed somewhere comfortable to stay near friends and this was very good. Rather mercantile and soulless, I expect, for those who expect fluffy cushions and chintz from an English hotel - but I really liked the modern simplicity of the place. Very good deal on the room - a comfortable suite for £135, including a full breakfast. Lord knows who pays the full rack rate price of £345. Bustling, jolly place, well lit and a very nice room.Downside - they charged us after we left for some mini bar items we never took. OK, these things happen, but my goodwill is definitely reduced by having to chase after people who have pickpocketed you. Small point - it was raining like hell when we arrived (and left) and they had closed off the front yard to vehicles. Probably for a good reason, but we had to creep about to find a parking space and then get soaked both there and back. Annoying.I also suspect (but only suspect) they use some ferocious cleaning products. I came down with a vehement allergic reaction the morning I awoke. It could have been my friends' cooking, but I suspect it was towels/sheets/soap/carpet cleaner or some such. I could of course be completely wrong!Finally, it takes a little finding. The satnav and I hunted about for quite a while before we tracked it down. Signage could be better too. But these are details!On balance, I'd probably go back if I had to stay in that area. Not much choice in English countryside and I far prefer a clean, jolly business hotel to the stuffy, overpriced chintz places that you often find in towns like this.	
Sep 18 2009 	Well situated and a little gem	We stayed here as a base for 5 days in the South - the hotel was easy to get to off the motorway and an excellent base for our daily travels. Marlow itself is a lovely town, Henly nearby is gorgeous, also Sonning just past Charvil in Reading will only take 15-20 min and that is a beautiful little place. The hotel itself it clean and modern. Use of gym and pool an added plus. We had a family room with 2 double beds and a roll away bed - we were very cramped, but we were warned this, and it was better than paying for 2 rooms.Breakfast was a little dissapointing and very expensive if it is not in your rate, even children are charged £9, adults £16. The selection of cold buffet was poor - unreplenished meats/cheeses and fruits, and we weren't up late. The hot food was quite tepid. Still, we were adaquately fed!The hotel does get busy with functions at weekends, we had a room overlooking the carpark and the general coming and going was quite noisy.The hotel has a lovely lake and garden, fab conservatory and an inviting bar. The staff are helpful and the interior is modern and impressive. The drive to the hotel is a bit bleak. Through and industrial estate and under a fly over, but the hotel does not dissapoint once inside.My only 2 criticisms are that sheets could have been changed in a 5 nights stay and were not and Wi-Fi was very expensive, fine if your on the company expenses, but for an average person who just wants to use their laptop, was costly. I think they could have at least offered lobby area internet free.Beds were SOOOO! comfortable and also pillows, we all slept soundly! Hairdryer is a bit useless, take your own and mini bar extortion (as they always are), but we found it's inclusion handy for putting our own bits n bobs in.All in all, I would definitely return.	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice hotel on a busy Sunday	My partner and I decided to stay at this hotel as it was close to Cookham Dean (CD hotels and Compleat Angler were full) Saturday night. Club king room very nice spacious with all mod cons. Very clean and tidy. Down side, noisy with vehicle and party goers until early hours (understandable as late summer, Sat night and by the looks of things a wedding or hen parties) and breakfast was very busy. Considering it was so busy the food was ok. (could do better with the coffee thou-like add coffee to the hot water). Overall it was a good base for us and served our purpose. I would not recomend this hotel to wind down and have relaxing time but it may get quieter in the off season. I would use this hotel again.	
Aug 31 2009 	A very good stay	We (2 adults and 2 children) stayed in the hotel for a night on our way to Oxford. The hotel is clean and quiet. The town is small but pretty. The breakfast was very good.	
Aug 28 2009 	Nice Business and Leisure Hotel	Looks can be deceiving. Upon pulling into the hotel I was concerned. It is not inspiring from the outside. Once inside however, a much different story. Very well appointed, lovely lake setting out back. Good restaurant, however breaksfast opened at 6:30am - too late in my opinion for early risers off to work. Rooms are very nice although the air conditioning was barely functioning (I was there during an unusually warm spell). Internet access quite expensive in my opinion. Nonetheless, a pleasant surprise and I will definitely come back.	
Jul 19 2009 	a relaxing weekend..........	we travelled to this hotel to celebrate or wedding anniversary because we cashed in priority points and stayed B&amp;B free of charge - thus we drove from Cambridge. Yes the hotel is at the end of a not very inspiring road through an industrial estate but it is quiet. Plenty of parking and check in was quick - no problems with key-cards and we were upgraded to club exec - the room was large, clean and impressive. We had a snack and a few drinks in the bar - this was a little expensive and 12.5% service charge is added to all food orders - which is made clear and is optional. Later in the evening we ate in the restrauant and received superb service, little personal touches from the very helpful restrauant manager and employee of the year - well done. The swimming pool and gym were excellent, the bar, conservatory and gardens were lovely and the visit to Marlow was well worth it -	
Jun 18 2009 	Pleasantly suprised	I had not favourable comments from colleagues that the hotel was dated, but it was lovely - good size bedrooms and bathrooms which looked modern and clean. Ample free parking. Good size bar and restaurant. Service was OK, nothing special, nothing bad. I would definately stay again as I say I was pleasantly suprised.	
May 17 2009 	School Boy Errors	As in other reviews don't be put off by the approach nor the first sight of the hotel, it gets better on the inside. We were upgraded to a Club Suite with a balcony (albeit overlooking the car park!) This room was very nice but let down by some basic school boy errors. Namely, if you are going to have a Bose sound system make sure you can get a signal on it for the radio. Equally the lounge had a flatscreen tv but the reception was so poor that the picture was rubbish (booster for the aerial maybe?) Also the tv in the bedroom was not flatscreen and very old, surely a suite should have top of the range tvs in both rooms. There was a coffee machine in the room but having used the coffee on the first night it was not replaced the second night as they had run of of the packets of filter coffee!Having said all this we did really enjoy our stay and despite the weather being awful, managed to stroll down to the lake, between downpours and it is very pleasant. I can imagine in good weather this is a very nice part of the hotel. Yes food and drinks are expensive but if you pay for a Club Room you do get the 'extras' like complimentary canapes, beer, wine, soft drinks and tea and coffee and unlike other Crowne Plazas we have stayed in namely CP NEC (no Club Lounge) and CP Reading (Club Lounge only open for 2 hours during the evening) this one is well stocked, open 24/7 and replenished often. Breakfast was included in the Club rate and there was no restriction to continental only we were told to go to the main restaurant and have whatever we liked, so we did full english at no extra charge. So I would suggest when booking a room book a Club on a room only basis, it may compare well with a basic room with breakfast charge.As a base to explore the wonderful towns nearby we will definitely return, once we see another offer on the ICH website.	
May 14 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed overnight whilst on a trip to legoland. Thought the hotel was very clean. The children loved playing on the lawned area at the back on the hotel which overlooks the lake. The breakfast in the morning was excellent. Won't hesitate to stay there again on our next visit to legoland.	
May 11 2009 	Modern clean OK sort of place.	Just back from a 2 night break in Marlow. The hotel is modern and our room was clean with all necessary things in place. We got a room-only deal with lastminute that was good value. Dinner on Friday was very good, obviously pre-dinner drinks are expensive (spirits are served as doubles but didn't taste like it!). The wine again is expensive but very good as was the food, nothing flash but good portions, nicely served. We didn't find the short-cut path onto the Thames nor into Marlow and did the 20 minutes walk back along the lane and through the industrial estate a couple of times. The taxi into Marlow organised by the hotel cost £7, whereas the return later in the evening was £5. Breakfast was OK. The usual buffet with plenty of freshly cooked items, special orders available and loads of tea or coffee. At £16.95 each it should be good!Overall we had a nice weekend, the weather was fine, we met up with some friends and we would consider going back if the right deal was available.	
May 5 2009 	Excellent value for money at weekends but service lapses	The CP Marlow is a tricky one to some up. On the positive side, this is one of most impressive bargains available in the UK - we got our room using the 2-4-1 promotion highlighted on the hotels own website (crowneplazamarlowcouk). The hotel is in a lovely spot just 60 seconds walk from the River Thames and the Thames Path, and is set around an artificial lake with an impressive Lake Geneva-style ‘jet d’eau’. For a four star, the food is surprisingly accomplished – nothing flash, but the basics are done extremely well. They have a nice collection of childrens toys which are placed around the lawn in front of the lake and will keep your little one amused.Now the downsides. This is a hotel staffed by idiots which will make you question your sanity. When we checked in, we were given the key to a suite which was already occupied (and physically occupied at that!). When we told reception, we got another set of keys without an apology. They coded the club access wrong THREE times, and only on the fourth recut did the key open the club lounge door. When we ordered room service on day 1, our organic salmon salad arrived as salmon risotto – a dish not even on the room service menu. On Day 2, we got the right food but only 1 fork – so I had to eat my meal with a spoon and knife instead of a fork and knife. Our two attempts on consecutive nights to watch a pay TV film were ruined when the system crashed 45 minutes in and could not be reset by the staff. Our room was not cleaned when we returned at 5.15pm on the first day and was only done after we complained. Three separate members of staff told us that is was impossible to walk along the river into Marlow town itself, which is complete nonsense – you cannot walk it 100% on the river bank (more like 90%) but you can certainly do it.So, a disaster or not? Overall, we were happy. The promotional rates are excellent. The pool complex is not bad at all and the childrens pool is kept nicely warmer than the adjacent adult one. The lawn in front of the lake is as pretty as the photos on the website show it. At the end of the day, though, this is a conference hotel which plays to families at weekends to fill what would otherwise be empty rooms. This has led to some awkward compromises, such as the fact that the suites overlook the car park instead of the lake because the lake side is taken up with meeting rooms. That said, if you want a break from London and want to see Marlow, Henley, Cliveden, Windsor etc then this is a good place to base yourself - the rooms are modern and clean (the hotel only opened in 2003), the food is good and the weekend prices are good. Next time, though, we’ll be bringing our own DVD’s and cutlery ….	
Apr 12 2009 	Great Hotel - Shame about the location	Bit of a hidden gem this one! Fantastic hotel up to the usual Crowne Plaza standards if not even better. Weird location at the end of a dead end road through a large business park. But don't be put of because once you get there you cant even see the industrial estate. Really quiet location, with rooms of excellent standard and large in size. Easy parking and good cusotmer service. Only problems we experienced here were keycards that several times refused to work, and a slight problem with breakfast. We had booked a Club room on a room only basis as a continental breakfast is automatically included to clur room guests which is available in the club lounge. A sign posted in the Club Lounge said that guests were invited to take a complimentary breakfast in the main Restaurant - All very good except they then tried to charge us for it but this was quickly sorted.	
Apr 6 2009 	Excellent Break	Had an excellent 2 nigt break in this hotel recently. Got upgraded to executive suite so that helped but the friendliness and professionalisnm of the staff would be hard to fault. Good dinner and buffet breakfasts, even with a convention taking up most of the hotel.	
Feb 1 2009 	Fantastic views and leisure facilities	I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend on New Years eve and we had a fabulous time. The staff were friendly, rooms spacious and clean with fabulous bathrooms. The swimming pool, jacuzzi and steam rooms were also a lot of fun. Great hotel with plenty of things to do considering its not in a fantastic location.	
