Nov 9 2009 	Good value great location!	The Belvedere is a great, no frills hotel located just steps from Paddington station. We stayed there as we had an early train to catch in the morning &amp; wanted a cheap hotel that was close to the station. We got exactly what we wanted. The rooms were simple but clean. Breakfast was simple and absolutely fine (but definitely not &quot;gourmet&quot;. We felt like we got good value for our money. Yes, the stairs were steep, so I would not recommend the hotel for the elderly or disabled. But for us (two able-bodied women in our forties) we were easily able to lug our bags up to the third floor. If you're looking for elegant or luxurious, you should pay the extra money &amp; go somewhere else. But if you're looking for basic, clean, convenient at a reasonable price, the Belvedere would fit the bill.	
Oct 29 2009 	Happy Stay	the hotel needs work on it but overall it is in a great location close to paddington railway station,it is cheap and if you just want somewhere to sleep it is ideal	
Sep 9 2009 	It was ok	This is my third time that I went to London this year and this hotel was ok. The rooms have a normal space, breakfast is fine and the location was excellent. Only the staff couldn't or wouldn't help us at all. We wanted to book a trip, but he couldn't help us or even give us a tiny bit of information. That's a shame.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good location but bad experience 	We stayed at this hotel 2 nights!The best things about this hotel were that it was cheap and it had a very good location - close to the bus and close to the underground. The room was pretty clean and the breakfast was ok.Bad things: there was a lot of noise during the nights, we were 4 people in the room and the bathroom was VERY small, the guy at the reception desk spoke much worse English than we did and he didn't much, one of the nights 2 of us came home late (around 4 or 5 AM), we went to our rooms and the guy at the reception desk saw us go to the room... then 5 mins after we got there the phone rang (which was very annoying because 2 of our friends were alseep) - it was the guy from the reception. He said that one of our friends was downstairs, but all of my friends were in the room, so I told him that and I said that we didn't know anyone else in London. Then 20 mins later he rang us again and said that our friend still was down there and asked if we wanted to pay for an extra room for him, and we said that we didnt know anyone... he was really annoying and kept talking about &quot;our friend&quot; and if we wanted to book another room. Next morning one of my friends was going home to Denmark so I took her to Victoria Station, when I came back he started talking about it again... He really acted mad, we checked out that day!!	
Apr 17 2009 	No Frills Hotel! Great Location! (From Heathrow)	The first thing that comes to mind about this hotel is the location. Take the Heathrow Express directly to Paddington. Its located just 300m or so from Paddington Station. Paddington (Westminster) is a quiet area and safe as well. The bus stop around the corner takes you to Oxford Circus and Piccadilly Cirus and drops you off right in front of the hotel! Overwise you can take to Tube.The room itself is very basic but clean. Bathroom is tiny, and for those people that are taller, you might have a problem with the shower and only a small bar of soap is provided, so make sure you bring your own shampoo etc. The heating is problematic as sometimes it cannot be switched on and reception assures us that they are on. Believe me, London can be very cold in the mornings.The breakfast is &quot;English Breakfast&quot; and thats all the choice that you get. Make sure that you go there early as the breakfast area is tiny and does not fit all the guests. Taller people should beware, as the stairs leading to the breakfast area is very cramped.In summary, I think that the main positive about this hotel is the location. This is what you are paying for! Everything else is very very basic.	
Mar 31 2009 	You get what You pay.	Norfolk Square, being perfect base for a tourist. Belvedere is placed not so god, in the Park. Some rooms are rather noisy. Room standard and breakfast is about the same as in the other cheap hotels. Belvedere comes a little cheaper. But with the risk of getting the noise. (Continental is even cheaper. But that is quite another story.)Sadly enough, Belvedere misses to satisfy its main public, Young people at a thight budget, as the breakfast terminates far too early. You should come before 8.30, to be shure, to get the full meny.	
Dec 29 2008	Crappy WARNING!!!!!!	We stayed for three nights. Except for the surrounding noises the staff switched off the heating every night and some hours during the day, which lead to freezing nights. We woke up at 4 am every night because of the coldness. Tried to talk to the staff in the reception but he denied turning off the heating. One day we asked for help to get a cab when the staff started arguing about the distance to our destination. When he finally called a cab, a relative to him showed up and drove us in his peronal car, charging overprice.Breakfast is included, but the dining room only fits one third of the guests- therefore a long queue in the morning. Feel really sorry for the breakfast ladies who have to deny people entry!We'll never return to this hotel ever again!!!! Beware!!!	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice hotel	My stay in Belvedere hotel was really nice.The location is central, close to Paddington-tube (via the Bakerloo line only 10 minutes to Piccadilly Circus). It's located on a very nice and quiet square (Norfolk square), close to Hyde Park.My room was really ok. The bathroom was not that big, but included everything you need. One negative point: my room was on the fourth floor (so I had to do any steps).The breakfeast was ok (English breakfast).The service of the hotel staff was fine.I will recommend Belvedere hotel to everyone.	
Jul 24 2008	great overnight stay!	went to london on the 21st july for a james hunter concert at the arts theatre which coincided with the premiere of the dark knight, bonus! james hunter huge talent highly recommend him. stayed at the belvedere hotel, norfolk street paddington. it was basic but clean and comfortable and the staff were friendly. overslept and missed breakfast so cant comment on that. howerer, turn left and left again out of norfolk street and there is a fabulous little cafe called shaker. we had lunch there on the first day and breakfast the second. food was good and affordable and the staff were lovely. hi guys, thanks for the lovely warm welcome. norfolk street is a minutes walk from paddington station, good location. would definitely use the belvedere and shaker again.	
Jul 9 2008 	Overbooked	We booked this hotel 4 days before my expected night of stay through laterooms. When we arrived at the hotel dispite laterooms faxing and emailing the hotel I was told that unfortunately they had given out our room 2 hours previously to another customer as they had not got the fax!! If there is any redemption they did get us a room at the hotel next door after some loud complaining.	
Oct 11 2007	The reception is bad	The hotel has a good localization in a beautiful street. There is a lot of steps but the bedroom is nice. We selected a bedroom for 4 people and it was big and confortable. The breakfast had a lot of good things and options. We really didn't like the guy's receipt. He was stupid and he couldn't help us at all. He complained when we made the check out because it was too early.	
Aug 6 2007 	TERRIBLE	Stayed 3 nights in the basement room. Never been able to sleep for more than 4 hours due to surrounding noise. The reception is right above this basement and the night guy decided to blast his TV to the full, then back off, then back on, etc... When confronted with this (2AM) he denied, even after I caught him right on the act.During the day and as long as tube is active you're constantly shaken around. Badroom 's tiny, taps keep running. Bed clothing is worn and beds are uncomfortable.Staff in general speak awful English and is not very helpful at all.Better pay a bit more in the Falcon Hotel on the opposite of the square.	
Jul 10 2007 	Be Warned!!!!	We were allocated a very small, dingy and not very clean basement room. The only window looked out onto a pile of scaffolding and rubble. There was a very small TV suspended on the wall, hostel-style. The &quot;en-suite&quot; sink was TINY and broken, the hot tap leaked constantly. The room shook every 2 minutes like clockwork due to the closeness of the underground trains. The skirting boards were rotten and the walls not particularly clean. Our complaints were ignored and we were told the hotel was full, so tough! If we had not paid in advance, we would have walked out. The room we were given bears no resemblence to the photos on the hotel website - BE WARNED!!!!	
Mar 19 2007 	Do not stay at this hotel!!!	My boyfriend stayed in this hotel Mon 12th March-Fri 16th March 2007. First night was fine but on his second night he was bitten alive whilst he slept (Room19). He complained the next morning and was put into another room. His collegue on the Thursday night was eaten alive whilst he slept also (Room 4). He complained the next morning as they checked out, telling the receptionist maybe the hotel needs to change the mattresses. The receptionist replied it's not as simple as that as the insects get behind the wallpaper of the room. Both their bites became infected. My advice 'Stay away from this hotel' .	
Feb 12 2007	Very basic but grand	Stayed here for two nights last weekend. The hotel is an old building with a lot of steps and my case was realy heavy! Pack light! The rooms are clean and very basic. The bathroom is extremely tiny, you wouldnt swing a cat! Kinda reminded me of a bathroom you might expect to find on a boat to Holyhead! Anyway it suited us because we spent very little time there. The tube station is very close so travelling into the city is very easy to do	
Jan 12 2007 	Seems fine to me	I think its been refurbished, because it seems fine to me as a business traveler, and it was decent value. I've stayed in a few around Paddington Station and this was one of the better ones in its price range. Only problem was some noise from the underground in the lower rooms - nothing to keep me awake though.	
Feb 24 2006	Nice!!!!!	Great location, great hotel, great service, great price!The room was small, but why do you need a big one? The room had all you may need! Coffeemaker, hairdrier, bathroom, TV, phone. I mean - it's just a real good hotel for what? 1/3 of the price? I think this hotel is real find. Did not think the beds were uncomfortable at all. Slept well.The breakfast was huge!!!!My room was kinda chilly in the beginning (it was veeeeeery cold in London), but they gave me a heater right away. Excellent place to stay.	
May 19 2005	Never again	Whats the point of booking a hotel bedroom when you are awake most of the night because the bed is so poor. I checked out after one night and felt a bit threatened by the reception man when I told him I was leaving. Also I was not happy about the state of the bedsheets.All in all not a good hotel choice for me. A park bench would have been as comfortable.	
Jun 27 2004	The most uncomfortable beds in the world!!	We stayed in this Hotel in February, 2004. For the price, the facilities were ok. The family room was good size and everything in the room was in working order. Miniscule bathroom. The breakfast was adequate and was a good start to the day. The rooms were cleaned daily. If it hadn't been for the horrible beds and really shabby linens this could be a reasonable hotel. The beds were like box springs. Low to the ground, lumpy and incredibly hard. Not what you want to come back to, after a long day of sight seeing. I got a creepy feeling about this place when I realized that they had misrepresented their breakfast room on the websites by using a picture of a nearby hotels' breakfast room. They have a decent country breakfast room so they should just display it and not try to fool people.	
Aug 2 2009 	déconseillé		
Jul 28 2009 	benissimo per un weekend lungo... ma...		
Jul 7 2009 	Nie Nie wieder!		
Jun 14 2009 	Placement Idéal		
May 11 2009 	Un affare		
Mar 1 2007 	okay..		
