Jul 16 2008 	Depends what you're looking for	Some friends visited from the states but had a difficult time finding a room. This place had an opening so we booked it. For a cheap hotel in London it wasn't bad... but compared to what they were used to it did not fit their standards. The carpet was very worn as was the furniture in the room. Their room was in the basement and was very musty and dusty. It was also TINY! But the sheets and bathroom were clean and the loo worked just fine.	
Aug 27 2007 	Good location not the nicest place	I really wasn't expecting a lot before we got to our hotel, and I didn't get it. The rooms were tiny and cramped and definitely old, but it really wasn't that bad. All we did was sleep here and that was fine. It was clean and that was what I was most concerned with. We had hot water and the noise level wasn't bad at all. The Ritz, it isn't, but if you're looking for a hotel that is reasonably priced and in a good location I would recommend staying here.	
May 4 2007	Don't Stay Here!	My friend and I stayed for a week while in London to see Guys and Dolls. It was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! The sheets were not clean or changed even though we asked at least 7 times. When the people did come in to &quot; clean&quot; we were still in the room getting ready for the day! They didn't even knock before they came in!The fire alarm went off every night with no explanation. The noise level was horrible. I expected better out of Notting Hill ( though it is close to Bayswater). It's not even worth for people who only want a place to sleep and don't care about it's conditions. It is way overpriced for such a bad experience. I love London and go there often. But I will never stay at the Hyde Park West again.	
Jan 1 2007 	this place is horrible!!!!!!!!	after traveling for nine hours i got to this hotel, which was booked weeks in advance. when i finally found it after walking the streets for about 45 minutes they told me i have been moved to another hotel. the hotel i was moved to was even worse. no one spoke english and the room was just bad! i believe they overbooked the hotel and i was very upset. not a good start to a vacation!	
Jan 1 2007 	Worst hotel in London and we were only there 5 minutes	So we finally find the hotel after being given the worst directions, and it looked like a nice area. After staying in London and Amsterdam for almost 2 weeks we were not expecting a whole lot. The steps were destroyed on the way in, and the guy behind the counter was highly unhelpful. Our room had been booked for a month and he told us he had to check us into another hotel. In a way I was happy as the carpet was filthy and the floor creaked badly. The couches in the lobby had tape around them like I was in a fraternity house. it was funny in a way. They got us a cab to our new hotel and he gave me some [----] attitude. Too tired to really care but wanted to give him a slap. My advice....don't ever go to this hotel the whole place smells like vomit and it's really disgusting. Seriously it sucks	
Dec 8 2006 	Piece of rundown Russia in Notting Hill	Were meant to stay at the Majestic (do no recommend) but taken to this one in a dodgy, smoky cab because the Majestic had heating problems in its rooms.Well.. it was cold in this hotel in a basement room where the locks didn't seem to work, everything was dirty, door handles were falling off, paint had come off most walls and there was damp in the ceiling and liquid between the paint and the wall in a kind of bubble we thought would burst and result us getting soaked in our sleep. There was no sound insulation whatsoever so we were kept awake most of the night by people coming and going. Also, the toilet was tiny and didn't appear very clean. Flushing the loo was as loud as in an airplane so you could hear all your neighbours.This is by no means a two-star hotel. We skipped breakfast as food poisoning seemed likely. This is more like a dated motel, something I would've thought to find if I'd go on a roadtrip through the dark parts of Russia or on a bad roadtrip in Mexico. Don't let the exterior fool you and at least do not accept a basement room.	
Nov 6 2006	Don't mind coming back	Old, yes. Worn, yes. But you could sleep in the beds, the room was clean, the sheets were clean, and there were clean towels every day. But it was inexpensive, and in London there are lots of other things on which to spend your money.	
Oct 22 2006 	Not a nice place to stay!	I arrived at this hotel with low expectations. The location of the hotel is superb but the room I stayed in (no. 19) was shabby, dusty, dirty (walls covered with dead insects), a moulding carpet, a bed spring with holes, a mattress that resembled a board, and a shower that was the size of a matchbox. Management was not hospitable and on departure I had a dispute about a breakfast bill which was included in the room price. Avoid the breakfast unless you want old bread and croissants. Very disappointing but then again you don't come to London to spend a lot of time in your hotel room.	
Oct 16 2006 	should be cheaper!	Hyde Park West Hotel is a dump but with just cause as the cost of a room £40 for one night is very cheap for its location within London. I do not recommend this hotel to families as you will not find it accomdating to any of your needs. I booked this hotel at the last minute and regret doing so as there are much better hotels which follow the underground lines further out from the centre of London, for around the same cost. The very few hours we spent in the hotel was very uncomfortable due to the beds being infested with fleas. I would recommmend if you were staying in this hotel to get very drunk in and around the very nice Notting Hill pubs and upon returning to your room you will be under the impression it is Buckingham Palace!	
Oct 5 2006 	Not bad :)	OK The first thing you'll notice is its not the Ritz .. but at the price you're paying in london in a great location its not that bad.Its not the cleanest place in the world (bit of mould in places ... carpets a bit worn in places ... wallpaper peeling a bit) but over all it suited its purpose it was a bed at night and we had our own toilet / shower and could leave our stuff during the day, also a small portable tv in the room, not great sellings points for a lot of people but for us it was grand. The double bed was against a wall so slightly inconvient the bed covers weren't the greatest either and the room was small enough. We were staying on the First floor I wouldn't really recommend it to a family with young children but if you're willing to rough it a little bit at a cheap enough price go for it. The continental breakfast was basic fare but eat as much as you want (saves you a good bit given that london isn't the cheapest of places). There was a kettle / instant coffee / tea in the room. The staff were generally friendly :). As to the Noise level well its not the quietest of places but it also wasn't that loud ... its in a relatively quiet upmarket area so traffic noise is at a minimum at night. I would say if you had noisey neighbours in the rooms next door to you you'd probably be able to hear a bit too much from them.To put my review in perspective ... I've stayed in a few 5 star hotels before and this isn't one of them ... it'd be a low end two star I would guess but overall I was quite happy with my stay and I'd give the place maybe a 6 / 10 for what it is :) Budget Accommodation close to the heart of london (lets face it london is quite expensive). You're about 3 minutes from a tube station by foot.Hopefully this review is a help to others as I've seen some recent reviews here slating the place and had actually become a bit worried before heading over to london and staying there.	
Oct 4 2006 	DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT IT	what an absolute disaster. My husband and I booked a single night before a tour then 4 nights after the tour. The manager was rude- unhelpful and couldnt care less. Our room was the size of a match box and not as clean. The window wouldnt close. Thewater from the shower wouldnt drain away. We reported this and reception said. I dont care- flood the room. Breakfast was a joke. After really causing a stir they finally moved up to the sister Hotel-Dont even consider this place. Its the biggest dump in London.They lock you out at 10.00pm. Sleep in the street if the Hyde Park west is all thats available	
Sep 21 2006 	Gives new meaning to "substandard"	I booked a five day stay through TravelStay.com. I paid 40.22 pounds directly to them and had to pay the entire 213.28 poundsupon arrival. I arrived around 12:30p.m. after flying in from San Diego and was told to come back at 2:00p.m. to check in. My room was just around the corner from the reception desk and it was noisey, doors slamming, loud talking, etc. Fortunately I'm used to wearing ear plugs so I was able to sleep. Oh, the bed, I thought they'd made a mistake and left box springs instead of a mattress and it listed to the starboard side which put you in prime viewing position of the TV which was now a foot from my nose. Microscopic describes the room, miniature bathroom and the shower was laughable. Luckily I didn't find any bugs in the bed and the room was given a quick onceover each day, the bathroom towel was replaced and occasionally a new bar of soap from a dollhouse was left. The general state of the hotel reminds me of the movie &quot;Whatever happened to Baby Jane&quot;.Hotel motto: You couldn't do worse!	
Jul 11 2006	No no no! Don't go!	Hotels in London are expensive. So you think you can save a couple of Pounds...?! Think again.Stay alive instead, snåljåp!Do not stay here!	
Jul 9 2006	What a dump!!!	This dump should be condemned. Everything is filthy and falling apart. The front steps are crumbling and the carpet and furniture are held together with duct tape. The sagging, rotten beds are full of holes. Our window was broken and held together with masking tape. The TV didn't work and we were promised a replacement which never came. The bathroom reeked of urine. I was led to believe that breakfast was included, but after having a glass of juice, cup of crappy coffee and a dried-up croissant I was given a bill for eight pounds! The staff was rude, belligerent, discourteous and barely spoke English. The building hasn't seen a paintbrush in years. This once grand structure deserves far better than the money -- that currently own and operate what is laughingly called a hotel.	
Jul 5 2006	Sleaze Park West	Me and my wife spent two (!) nights in this miserable rathole. It´s really falling apart, pitholes on the floor are covered with worn-out rugs, our &quot;room&quot; was in the cellar, next to breakfast room - and it smells like a week-old meat in the sunshine with millions of flies on it. Room corners were covered with spidernets, window could not opened, shower was clocced (until I opened it). We though that we are in Candid Camera when the flegmatic clerck told us to go downstairs to a really maze and find our cell. Take our warning seriously: Don´t go in to this place, a night on a park bench is better alternative. Finally, when we were checking out, the man behind desk got nerves to beg us pay our breakfasts, they do not include via internet booked room rate. 16 Sterling Pounds for four portions of rubber-like croissants (no toast) and poor coffee is a robbery! Markku and Leena	
Jun 24 2006	Could this place be more foul?	My boyfriend and I wanted budget accommodation in London for one night, and as a hostel was going to be about the same price as a hotel we decided to go for the hotel option. WHile we knew we wouldn't be staying in the ritz this was just the PITS!!! The place is falling down, it stinks like mould and who knows what else.It is just revolting! So in summary my best advice is Don't go there!!!!	
Jun 19 2006 	Worst. Hotel. Evar.	My wife and I are easy going. We don't complain about a lot of issues we encounter, we aren' the types that send food back when it's not perfect. But if we could, we'd send this hotel back to the pits of hell. I booked this hotel via Orbitz at the last second. I should have Googled around and found the other poor souls that gave money to this rent-a-slum. We checked in really late at night and the guy at the front desk was actually a very nice man. He must have been new and still had a soul. He mentioned something about us &quot;being disappointed in the end&quot; and I didn't get it. When a hotel front desk clerk basically tells you &quot;Welcome, it's all down hill from here&quot; that is a good indicator that something might be amiss. Ah, hindsight... The rooms, have no AC. After trying our best to walk quietly down the tiny hall with a full load of bags, we entered our cell. Out in the hall there was a tray of roomservice food that someone left over that was there for over 24 hours. The room was swealtering. After having the window open for 5 minutes, our room was full of bugs. So we had to close the window. We tried to sleep on what appeared to be a WWII-era bed. My pillow had what appeared to be dried blood on it. The bed had other people's hair all over it. At 2am our room was at 80 degrees so we had to open the window. However instead of the bugs, there were cats outside mating. Or maybe they were trying to tell us to leave. I don't know. We finally slept that night and promply woke up the next morning, went to an Internet cafe and booked another hotel. The &quot;free&quot; hotel Internet is really a 3rd-party Internet provider that the hotel pays. Well they didn't pay their bill and the Internet didn't work. We packed up all of our stuff and just left without checking out. We made it to the new hotel and called Orbitz to see if we could get a refund of our &quot;prepaid&quot; travel plans. At first Orbitz didn't see to cool with this. She called the Hyde Park hotel to cancel the remainded of the trip and had me on hold for about 5 minutes. She said that the hotel staff that she talked to were VERY rude and not helpful. She said that Orbitz would happily refund me the unused nights (4 less the 1 night in hell). She said that she can see why we left. So yay Orbitz. Boo Hyde Park.	
Apr 3 2006	What a crap hole!	I've been reading the reviews and laughing a lot. Everyone is true. However, we didn't freeze in the basement, we roasted in the attic. The shower drain was clogged and water stood up to your ankles when the shower was finished. The bathroom door hung from it's hinges so you had to pick it up to open or close it. The beds sucked! Because we didn't need our blankets (too hot up there), I folded mine and put it under my sheet for extra padding. I beg anyone who reads this... don't stay here! Thankfully we were only there at night, but those 8 hours were too many. (And by the way, I've stayed at many youth hostels and this place was worse than all of them)	
Mar 21 2006	It rates just a step above a hovel	It rates just a step abeve a hovel: single rooms in a closet below the roof, three square metres, a 20cmx20cm basin. The only decrepit and scraped building in a nice area, with peeling paint and thorn out carpets. Very cheap, but it worth paying a some more to have a better hotel. Not so bad the kitchen with the Italian cook.	
Feb 20 2006	1.5 stars? Why the extra half star?	This hotel was outrageous. Absolutely the shabbiest, most tattered and worn edifice this side of the Thames. I recommend this hotel to no one. I will post my reasons in a list for quick viewing:1) Don't ask for a &quot;double bed&quot; - according to the HPW, that means 2 twins beds that you can shove together.2) the rug is so dusty my footfalls raise plumes.3) the shower is so small that I can barely fit through the doors, and I weigh 155 pounds.4) the walls are so thin that we just watched whatever the people next door were watching - kind of like surround sound, only less so.5) The &quot;teapot&quot; was full of calcium buildup, which means your tea will smell and taste like rotted eggs.Look, I could go on and on. The best part about this hotel is the fact that there is a private all boys boarding school across the square, which, if young white british boys in gray coats and red ties is your thing, you're in luck. If non-working phones, a definitive &quot;funk&quot; that pervades every crevice of the hotel, and about $100 US per night sound like your bag, c'est la vie. Hey, it could be worse - we could've gotten the bedbugs on the bottom floor...	
Jan 1 2006	Way over priced for a small little dump	I am a female traveling Europe alone and I was there for 3 miserable nights. I'm so disappointed that I didn't check the hotel on trip advisor. The young girl and the gentleman that worked the desk were nice but the rooms were not well kept. I was even scared to sleep in the sheets. My shower was broken and they have signs up in the rooms to not leave valuables in the rooms....which makes sense but I just didn't feel safe. I had a friend who wanted to stay over night since he worked close to the hotel and didn't want to go home. The Hotel does not allow guests in the rooms so he had to purchase his own small little room for the 4 hours he was there.....crazy.	
Dec 13 2005	Horrible Hotel	This was the worst hotel I ever stayed! And I traveled a lot in my life.First: it does not meet the basic hygiene standards. We got small insects in our bed, that traveled along back to my home (Belgium) and have disturbed my nightsleep for more then two months. See attached pictures for an example of these insects that only come out at night looking for blood. They are very difficult to exterminate and can disturb you for months/years.Second: the rooms are very old and not clean.Third: the staff is not at all interested in your comfort. On the contrary, they try to take advantage from tourists. They booked an illegal taxi in London for our trip to Madame Tussauds and of course .. this person tried to ask a lot of money.	
Sep 22 2005	Don't stay here	Small room. Could feel the springs in the mattress. Pillows were thin as playing cards. Overall it was more like a youth hostel than a hotel. This hotel was selected only based on cost and I still feel like I overpaid.	
Aug 10 2005	Horrible hotel	My husband and I went to this hotel in June 2005. We booked the hotel on internet. When we first arrived, the appearance of the building gave us a very good impression. It's a tradition english style building and near Notting Hill. But, after we got inside, horrible experience began.The staff told us the room was leakage and the hotel was full. We had to go to the other hotel near Victoria Station. He told us the hotel was same. So, we moved to the other hotel and it was obviously totally different. The door lock of the room was broken before, potatoes chip were on the floor and towel was changed from white colour to grey colour. We requested to back to the Hype Park West again. But the staff told us we had to wait half an hour for another cab and it was 7:30 at night. In order to solve the problem as quickly as possible, we paid the cab by ourselves for getting back.We told the staff in Hyde Park West this was not acceptable. We booked this hotel was because of the location and the staff just kept saying that it was the same. It was different name of the hotel, different location and different finishes. Nothing is the same. Finally, we asked him to give our money back. He said he was not the person in charge and it was not his business. He asked us to come back next morning to talk to his manager. However, during that night, he was the only staff in the hotel. He also showed us a list that a number of his clients were moved to that hotel. We then asked him whether it was all because of the water leakage. He said &quot;NO&quot;.At last, we left that hotel and found another one by ourselves. We complained it to the website we booked the hotel. Luckily, the staff of the website was a &quot;responsible person&quot; and promised not to deduct any charges.WE WON&quot;T STAY THIS HOTEL AGAIN.	
Jul 18 2005	What a Dump	Many issues..hotel facade is crumbling before your eyes. courtyard could be so pleasant with some effort. The steps up to the hotel door are dangerous as the steps are crumbling..ready for an old person or an American to fall and sue..They need to do something. Lift was broken...No ice at all though this would cost so little to have installed. The staff were very rude and difficult when we tried to check in at 1230 looking for a double room. They told us to wait until 2PM after we had travelled so far..Finally we were offered our room on the second floor...did not want a basement room with bars on the windows..and it had twin beds after we requested a double. The wallpaper from WWII had water stains all over it. What a little paint could do. The carpet had not been cleaned since it was installed in the 70s. There was old gum in the carpet and the so-called satellite TV meant 6 channels instead of 4 and that was a chore as there was no remote and figuring out the TV controls required a degree in elec. engineering. Next night we got our double room on the end of the second floor and the bed was a little softer after a bad back from the night before. The sheets were at least clean, but that was all. Tiny bathroom, no air conditioning, noisy slamming doors I would only go here alone or with a friend...I would not take a female partner as it was embarrassingly bad. 2 stars? I don't think so...Noel, Dallas, Texas	
Jul 12 2005	Hotel for busy people	My wife and I just recently got back from a trip to the UK. We stayed at the Hyde Park West on two seperate nights. The rooms are small so if you aren't going to be spending a lot of time in them the hotel works out fine. Unless they put you in what I called the dungeon which is the basement, the room we got down there was not as nice as the one on the first floor. The tube is only about a 5 to 1o minute walk away which makes it pretty convienent. The staff was very plesant except for one guy who I don't think wanted to be there. In are case my ended up finding out she was prgnant before we left so the fact that she was tired made this hotel not work out the best for us cause you are limited as far as facilities and tv channels. If you are going to spend most of your time sightseeing this hotel will save you money and you can live with its shortcomings.	
Jun 7 2005	Save your money sleep in the park-more comfortable	Bars on windows, bathroom the size of a coffin, showers that either freeze or scald, beds that look like they were picked up at the side of the road. Try to get an extra pillow or blanket, I dare you. Horrible evil, hotel staff. Telephone that won't even let you dial the freephone number to call your travel agent to get you out of there. Shoe box sized room.Hell without the heat.	
May 23 2005	Read Reviews Before You Book!	This hotel was absolutely horrible. It was extremely small, hot, had two twin beds instead of a double or queen. We did have regular cleaning service with towels daily. The shower was very small, but the hot water was in abundance. The lift was “out of order”, so we had to lug our heavy luggage up several flights of stairs. On our departure day, we saw the staff use the lift for cleaning supplies. I was not impressed at all with that crap hole. You get what you pay for…and we paid a hell of a lot more than that was worth. I wish I had read the reviews of this hotel before I reserved a room. The only thing it had going for it was the short walk to the underground station.	
May 22 2005	The Greatest place on earth.	The Hyde Park West is a nice place to stay. Upon arrival, we went into a conference room and found there were bugs in the chandeliers. We had 4 people in a room with a full size and twin bed. the window got stuck open and it was reallly nice. The shower head fell off of the wall.. and there was bad water pressure. The walls were very thin and we heard people engaging in intercourse often. When we told the guy at the desk, he laughed and said he heard it all the time. We also found a rotten watermelon on the stairs. After seeing it there for 3 days.. we decided we were going to kick it... so we did and the mess was left there for another 3 days. All in All.. we had a lot of fun. I enjoyed London and it was in a nice location to where we could walk around til 4 in the morning and hang out... if cleanliness is not an issue and money is, Hyde Park is the place to be.	
Apr 26 2005	Wish I'd read these reviews before I booked the hotel!	This hotel is probably the worst place I've stayed. I was travelling with mydaughter who says most youth hostels are better than the Hyde Park West.The place is dirty, the front desk staff are rude and when we were there for 4 days the place was full of student tour groups that were mostly undisciplined. We ended up spending one night at another hotel owned/managed by the same group when our reaservation was &quot;bumped&quot; in favorof a school group and the Majestic was equally as bad. Do yourself a favor and stay away from these two places. A great location does not make upfor the other problems.	
Feb 11 2005	Awfull	My nightmare came true!!!! I've booked the hotel and found this site &quot;to late&quot; all those bad comments, but i thought maybe all this people are used to sleep in a hilton or something. When you book a &quot;budget&quot; hotel you don't expect to much (and I really had a lot of bad hotels in my life all over the world) but for 130 euro for 2 nights I just want a little more than what we've got. First night we slept in the basement my friend and one and of the room and I 5 meters on the other end of the room!?!?!?!, and it was freezing there and it was not that cold outside, so whe asked for an extra blanket, that was'nt possible because the whe're full, the pillow was 1 cm thick whe call that a pancake you don't sleep on that. That first night we did'nt sleep that much because everybody came home from there night out, we slept under the stairs so we heard every footstep on it, the next morning whe woke after 2 hours sleep from the ladies who worked at the hotel, they had a lot to discus at 7 in the mornig,we had breakfast what was'nt included for us????? strange but, whatever we were not supose to pay it. Then the shower it had really the size of a coffin and dangerous the hot water was at the wrong side??Then the second night we had an other room, that was even whorse than the first, no towels and a bed that had at least 1.000.000 sleep hours, the iron of the bed stood in my back the other moning.  So if somebody wants to sleep there just think 2 and spend a few euros extra. I also wat to say that some off the personel really need a kick in the --- really hard, esp. the lady at the desk in the morning. I don't think that I've said everything but all the reviews are reality and you will expierience them when you sleep there. I have enough off Hyde Park West. 	
Feb 2 2005	Crap	Actually I wouldn't even give this hotel a &quot;one&quot; because it was so disgusting. The staff were horrible, the windows were falling out, the bed sheets were dirty the bathroom was minty, the walls were thin and all we could hear were people doing it all night. My girlfriend and I were transfered here from The Magestic hotel, (not so magestic either) so I don't recommend you stay there if you are on a budget. Maybe you should travel a bit further down the road to Paddington and stay at Westpoint Hotel 170-172 Sussex Gardens.	
Jan 2 2005	Nice but cold	Nice hotel.,but not in the wintertime. They say that England is the country with plain windows and double curtains. It don´t match with this hotel. I've never frosen like this before (and i am from Sweden). We asked for extra blankets, but the only thing that happend was that they doubbled the ordenary blanket. (sic!) The cleaning of the room was almost O.K. but they forgot the bathroom, and finding old chips on the floor is not o.k. The staff was o.k. but the brekfeast (4£) was not priceworth. Go up to the mainstreet and buy a warm chiabatta and juice for the same price.Use this hotel in the summertime but not in wintertime. There is no bar in this hotel or restaurant. (they maybe hide it very well. we didn't find it any way)The nearest PUB do not have real ale so go to the next. (this is not for the hotel, just information)	
Dec 15 2004	the worst ever...	I've stayed 5 nights in this hotel and it was the worst hotel in my life...The rooms are very small, not very clean and everithing is too old.In the hotel (not the rooms) you feel the smell of indian food, and the people are not very kind...The location is excelent.	
Nov 24 2004	take your own bedsheats with you	i stayed 4 nights at this hotel with a friend and we already expected it to be kind of ------.2 star hotels in london wouldn t even be a ymca in my country,but it s london,expensive,old and kind of dirty.before going there we luckily took our own bedsheats,pillows and plankets with us as this was 1 of the most disgusting things there.the sheats and towels we got there had some unrecognisable stains on them.also a good idea was to bring some flip flops as you really don t want to walk barefoot on their carpets.the hotel is located in a very nice area and easy to find,look out for the shabbiest house in the street and there you are.the staff was very friendly even so some had difficulties with the english language.if you have an easy sleep take earplugs with you,the walls are very thin and there are a lot of italians.For thosse with a sensible nose,take lavender oil or roomspray with you,there is an &quot;old&quot; smell in the hotel,plus lavender desinfects a bit.alltogether this is an old used hotel and for the price you pay it s all you can get in london.the stuff was trying to keep it as clean as possible only a compleat renovation could make it &quot;nice&quot;.if you stay there just to have a bed and take some of the things i advised you with with you, you will survive and get accustom to the rooms.don t expect too much even if you ll choose an other 2 or 3 star hotel(specially if you are from the us!)it s london,baby,arrange your day outside and come home drunk and just to sleep.	
May 6 2004	never again	We stayed here in June 2003. We were limited as we were a family of four. The roomwas at the back overlooking a 'junkyard'. We could't open the windows. It was awful, we will never stay here again.	
Apr 12 2004	You DO get what you pay for		
Mar 17 2004	Is this Rome or London?		
Mar 13 2004	Awful!		
Feb 9 2004	-Terrible-		
Jan 31 2004	Good Price Clean Friendly		
Dec 28 2003	You get what you pay For		
Dec 11 2003	Wished I were back home		
Nov 17 2003	London's Little corner of hell		
Jul 20 2003	Good deal		
Jul 14 2003	Hot shower...		
Apr 2 2009 	Es el peor hotel en el que he estado: una pesadilla		
Jan 3 2007	Not the Ritz just functional		
Oct 10 2006 	Better sleep in an underground station (Lieber im U-Bahnhof schlafen)		
Aug 24 2006 	Für geringe Ansprüche genügend		
Aug 18 2006 	La casa della Famiglia Addams		
Jul 7 2006	Hotel terribile		
May 24 2006	Hotel horrible y sucio.		
Apr 9 2006	sufficente		
Apr 6 2006	Hotel sufficiente		
