Nov 15 2009 	superb value perfect for family city trip	We booked out stay at the Columbus only 24 hours before our stay when we took our 4 year old son for a trip to London to see the sights, Aquarium, London Eye, Hamleys, Christmas Lights etc. We wanted somewhere central, near a tube/bus stop near the sights.We found the Columbus having been astonished how much the chains, Travelodge, Premier Inn, Holiday Inn etc wanted for just one night with some not including any breakfast in their rates. It was perfect for what we wanted. Yes, its not luxurious but neither are the budget hotel chains but it was totally adeqaute for us.Comfortable double and single bed, with room between them, showeroom was very clean (yet cosy) - one at a time only.Breakfast was included and was made up of tea, coffee, juices, bread, toaster, croissant, rolls, cheese, ham, cereals, yoghurt, fruit, jams and chocolate spread (loved by our 4 year old on his toast)For food in the evening we went to the Swan pub round the corner, welcomed our four year old (although they did not do child portions for food they supplied plate for us to share our dinner with him) where we had a great meal before heading to see the Xmas lightsNext morning, Hyde Park only 3-4 minute walk away for refreshing strollIf you have concerns about booking with an independent hotel rather than a chain, (like we did) then rest assured, the Columbus is just as good as any we have stayed in.	
Jul 2 2009 	no lift	this hotel was a value considering the location. Had easy walk to Hyde Park and Paddington station. We stayed in a quad room and the bathroom seemed to be taken from a cruise ship. You needed to step up into the bathroom which may cause a barrier for some. The water temp was okay, we had no problems. Our room faced the street and since there was no AC we needed to leave the screen less window open all nite and the traffic only stopped for about an hour..3 to 4 am. The steps were the low point. For being on the 3rd floor it seemed like climbing up a tower. The staff however did offer to carry our luggage up the day we checked in. The staff were very congenial and accommodating. They were helpful in arranging transportation and giving tourist info. Would recommend this hotel but just be ready to walk the steps. The breakfast was nice but was the same thing every morning we stayed for 4 days. Had cheese,ham,fruits,cereal and juices.	
Nov 23 2008 	Good and reasonable Stay	Me and three of my girl friends stayed at this hotel for one night whilst we stayed at London for the weekend. After reading the reviews on here about the hotel i was worried about what we would find. We booked a quad room for one night and thought the price was really reasonable for London but as i said i was worried about what we would find.However i have 2 say that i was impressed with the hotel, it was basic but we have no compliants for the price we paid. The Location was fantastic and just what we were looking for. As soon as we got to London we went to the hotel to leave our baggage so we could go shopping for the day, we arrived at the hotel and the staff were very plesant but explained that they had no where to leave the bags apart from the main recpetion room, which at first we were weary of, so we explain our concerns to the man behind the desk and he said that he was working all day and that the bags would always be in his sight, which we were happy with, although we did take our valuables with us.We then returned to the hotel in the evening to get ready to go out which is when we saw our room, we were offered 4 room cards if we wanted, we then went up to the room, which was a basic room, when we arrived it was clean and nicely made up (Decor was outdated but we weren't being picky!) we had towels on our bed to use, we had one double and two singles and a small bathroom (and it was small) but again this was clean and i must say i was relieved after the reviews. We then went out for the evening and returned just after 12 and we could get in just fine with our room cards and had a comfortable nights sleep.In the morning we went down 2 breakfast which was included in the price, again we found the man working extremely hard and the breakfast was nice with a choice of cereal and toast and tea and coffee, with the man making sure we had everything we needed.Again we left our bags in the same place throughout the day so we could see London and the man reassured us that he would keep an eye on them and we could pick them up later, which was convient to us and we picked them up just before we left and the man called us a taxi. I think its a family run business now because the same man worked from 8am till 10.30pm and he worked really hard and was very helpful.Would definately stay again for a budget trip to London and have no complaints about the place and actually felt positive about the place afterwards much to our relief!	
Feb 17 2008 	Great area not a great hotel	We booked this hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor, but we must have been reading the old reviews. We got to the hotel before check-in and asked to drop off our bags while we went sightseeing. The receptionist told us we could leave them in the hallway by the ulocked front door where anyone could swipe them if they wanted to. Needless to say, our first impression was marred. After a long day of sightseeing, jet lag and a late show, we came back on our first night hoping to get some much needed shut eye. We found out we were not given the room we reserved, and the room we ended up with was on the ground floor next to a propped open exit door with a party going on in the terrrace of the house next door. When we complained about the noise, we were informed that it was the hotel staff having a party and they would rather we lug our stuff up four flights of stairs to change rooms, rather than stop the party.I loved the area we stayed in, we were sooooo close to the tube station and surrounded by delicious restaurants, but I will never stay/recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 23 2007 	Convenient Area Try a different hotel	The hotel and area of Paddington are very convenient. The Heathrow Express train goes to Paddington and the hotel is a few blocks from the station. A tube station is located there as well, some restaurants and pubs and Hyde park are all close. The hotel itself was fair. The room was dated, but clean. It did lose water for half of one day and hot water for most of the day. We fortunately arose early and showered before the water was lost and did not need hot water during the day. The hotel is not staffed at night and our key did not let us in the front door. After a night out we had to trek to another hotel and the attendent was not very helpful in aiding us in a timely fashion. We had to make several attempts for him to go to our hotel to let us in. There are many hotels in paddington. The area was very convenient for sightseeing and tube accessibility. We would look elsewhere for another hotel.	
Nov 2 2007	Wouldn't Go Back	I have to say we were disappointed with the Columbus Hotel. We had a quad room for 2 nights in July 2007. We were prepared for a basic, tiny room and even knew about the stairs, but we did want something clean. Sadly, we didn't get that. The room was dirty--an empty bottle on the floor, stopped-up sink, and I don't even want to talk about the rest of the bathroom. The management was nice about trying to fix things, but didn't quite manage to do so. It took them an entire day to unstop the sink and they never did get the room any cleaner. On the other hand, they did give us a small discount after we complained several times. That said, we really liked staying in the Paddington area. Lots of restaurants, two tube stops within walking distance, Hyde Park a few blocks away. I definitely would stay near Paddington station again, just not in the Columbus Hotel.	
Sep 9 2007 	Should have taken notice!	My husband and I booked this hotel for 2 nights in August after searching the website for a hotel close to Hyde Park for the Proms. This one looked o.k. so went ahead and booked it. We then checked out a couple of reviews, little bit aprehensive, but keep an open mind, thought it's not the Ritz and so long it was clean and tidy it would be fine. I did phone previous day and guy there confirmed that it was clean and assured us of a pleasant stay.How wrong can you be, we arrived approx one o'clock didn't look too bad from outside, on entering it was awlful, paint peeling wallpaper coming off carpet was grubby, not at all welcoming, heart sinking we thought it must get better but it didn't.We were met not greeted by a young australian chap, we explained we were a little early to check in and could we leave the luggage,&quot;just leave it in the hall&quot; not exactly secure. We then asked if we could see the room we were told bluntly &quot;no&quot; on quering we were told it's not ready, we said were not too worried as all we wanted to do was see if it was o. k he then relunctanly agreed to show us the room, We could see why, the room was basically filthy you would not want to get into the bed, the drapes around the bed and cover were disgusting, furniture old and shabby, the bathroom was just as bad I really didn't want to look too closely remembering the other reviewsWe left the hotel to have a think about what to do, we both felt there was no way we could spend 2 nights here, so we agreed to cut our loses and leave, we returned to the hotel to collect our luggage and to infrom the chap we would not be staying here, he enquired&quot;why&quot; we told him that it wasn't quite right for us, but we were prepared to pay for the first night as we didn't cancel in time however he persisted in asking us what was wrong with it, when we finally did tell him that we thought the hotel was filthy he became quite confrontational, that we hadn't seen the room made up etc, we weren't going to argue with him as we felt that we had been fair in offering to pay for the night, he then started on about charging us for two nights and that he was within his rights.We then just left. In the same road there are numerous hotels which for the sameprice as the columbus are far more superior than this one.	
Aug 22 2007 	What happened to Columbus Hotel?	I know the Hotel for many years. I liked it because of friendly atmosphere, clean rooms and good location. During my visit in summer 2005 it still remind the same. But it is unbelievable what happened to the hotel in two years time. I have just came back home and can not stop thinking about it. So here you are:-the toilet was dirty und ugly looking - probably did not see the toilet brush for a long time,-in the cupboard we found crumpled towels,-drawers were filled with dated newspapers.But the most annoying was our last morning in this hotel. We were in a hurry to the airport so we wanted to have breakfast as soon as possible. The receptionist informed us that breakfast starts at 8.00 am. But next morning there was no-one in the dining room till 8.15. Then we had to wait for the water boiling another 20 minutes. As we complained about it the waiter/receptionist became very impolite. Finaly our coffe landed with a bang on the table 40 minutes after the brakfast should start. We could not drink it as it was already our time to leave. So we left London with a strong determination never again coming back to this hotel.	
Jul 21 2007 	Be prepared for dirty bathrooms noise no phone dirty towels/rat traps in hall	We arrived at the Hotel Columbus after paying 47 pounds ($97) for a cab from Heathrow. We had to take a taxi because we had 8 bags. Will try to travel lighter next time, but we were travelling for over a month. I had booked two rooms since I have two sons age 17 and 20. I will list what we encountered upon arrival:First Day1. Two rooms with full sized bed in each.2. Sons room- TV and telephone did not work.3. No toilet paper in sons room.4. No soap in either room.I questioned the staff, and was told that if we were not happy with the rooms, they would try to locate other rooms in different hotels. This would have required additional costs, and due to fatigue, we decided to stay. Second DayI again asked for toilet paper and soap. Was told that if we were unhappy with rooms they would help us find another hotel. I reminded them that asking for toilet paper should not prompt them to make the suggestion that we find a new hotel. The TV was repaired on the second day, but the phone was never repaired. Dirty towels were stored in the hallway outside son's rooms for the duration (bad smell). Rat traps in hallway. Bathrooms were never cleaned. Breakfast consisted of toast, croissants, canned fruit, jelly, cereals, slices of ham/cheese and tea and coffee. The breakfast area is small, and set up to handle guests, but when small children travel, you can forget having a place to sit. We tried to make the best of it, and since we spent only 5 nights there, decided to get as much sightseeing done as possible. The stafftried to help us about travel, but they can't do much if owners don'tmaintain property. The sheets were clean. My advice if you want better accommodations be prepare to pay. While this hotel was not a total disaster it came close. This is especially true in regard to the bathroom. There is nothing in the bathroom to do any kind of cleaning, and if you have any stomach issues be prepared to view them for the entire week.	
Mar 20 2007 	Not the Ritz but hard to beat for just a few quid!	The Hotel Columbus is located in a vibrant area of Paddington/Bayswater, off of Sussex Gardens (a very active hotel street) very close to Paddington station and the Lancaster Gate tube stop. The front desk staff is very welcoming and friendly, and the continental breakfast that is included in the price was superb. We had to book an additional night on short notice because our flight was cancelled, but they worked with us and gave us a good price, but make sure they give you whatever is quoted on the website; there's no reason to pay rack rate. FYI, they do provide wi-fi connection (when it works), but like more and more places, they charge for this convenience, and it was 2 GBP/hour. The rooms were small and cozy, but comfortable. The bathroom was functional, albeit cramped. The stairs were also snug, particularly for big football player-sized guys like me, especially for the third (fourth to us yanks) floor, but one finds this all over Europe, really. All in all, you'll be hard pressed to find a better place to drop your bags and crash, and enjoy a quick shower and breakfast in the morning, than the Columbus. It may not be luxury, but chances are if you're reading this, you're not looking for 5 stars and 300 GBP to pay a night for a bed, either.	
Oct 19 2006 	ok but beware the stairs	nice location near Paddington (Heathrow express), decent sized room, comfortable bed. Nice fresh air with the window open, but lots of street noise, so beware if you are sensitive to this. Ear plugs should do the trick.. Reasonably clean, the usual tiny shower etc for a room of this price.Biggest problem: lots of narrow stairs. 2nd floor in the UK means 3rd floor in the US. Ouch!! if you are carrying lots of bags. Other than that, only complaint is noisy neighbors who insisted on slamming their door shut with a big bang. A few words with them, however, produced a noticeable improvement.	
Jul 30 2006 	excellent value for money	Five of us stayed here for a weekend in London. The location was fabulous, just 5 minutes walk from Paddington Station.Let's face it, when you are taking a short break in our capital city, the last thing you want to do is waste time in your hotel! All you need is a safe base, with clean rooms and a shower to go back to - and that's what the columbus hotel is. It's not luxury, no. But if you just need a place to stay, in a great location then this is it. The staff were friendly, the continental breakfast was adequate and the rooms were clean and sufficient. The only complaint we would have is that it was powerfully hot in London when we stayed and there is no AC in the rooms. There were fans, but nevertheless it was still a bit too hot. Overall, excellent value for money.	
Jun 6 2006	Delightful hybrid of historic and modern	The Columbus is in a small, Edwardian-era townhouse, with room size and stairways reflecting those origins. The decorators have made optimal use of the space, however, and the furnishings are handsome, simple and useful.My husband, child and I found that we had adequate space, though my recollection is that the bathroom door interfered with the desk space--this may not be an ideal choice for businesspeople.I *loved* the bathroom--it suggested something that you would find on a spaceship. Very small, but so clean and bright and ingeniously organized. It is true that the shower simply cannot be contained, and most of the bathroom contents will get wet during use.The stairs are rather narrow and steep, but well-lit and, like the rooms, having a very high ceiling; heavy luggage may prove unwieldy for some. That said, the proprietors were very gracious about tending ours after our checkout so we could have the day for sightseeing.The staff were always courteous, charming and helpful.We found the location of the hotel extremely convenient. It's only a couple of blocks from Hyde Park, and surrounded by any number of not just restaurants but also food shops to allow you to assemble your own picnic for the park.We had two significant complaints about the hotel: like the majority of homes and small hotels in England, it doesn't have air conditioning, and August of 2003 was HOT. And I'm speaking as a Virginian. When we left the door of the room open, we got a decent cross-draft from the large window--but that was hardly an option for overnight! The staff let us use the fan from the reception area after it closed, but they only had one, so I don't know what other guests did! And while Sussex Gardens looks like a negligible little side street on a map, it turns out to be EXTREMELY busy, all night long, and the terraced buildings just funnel the noise up to the window. Otherwise, I liked the hotel very much; I enjoyed feeling integrated into London life and I felt the staff genuinely cared about my comfort and happiness. If you are relatively fit and prefer to spend your time, energy, and money enjoying the sights, sounds, and unique offerings of London rather than your hotel room, I think you could be delighted with the Columbus.	
Oct 25 2005	Very recomendable	The location is excelent, the hotel is clean and comfortable I have stayed there twice in different rooms and everything went very good.	
Jul 7 2005 	Excellent basic sleep space	Like the prior review says, there are scores of small hotels near Paddington -- and using one is a great way to stay in London if you are paying the bill yourself. Just take the LHR express, walk to the hotel, dump your stuff, see London, and come back to sleep. Very efficient. Columbus is a very good choice among them - friendly staff, rooms small but adequate, breakfast fine, clean, quiet -- and very good value for money. I've stayed multiple times and been satisfied each time.	
Apr 30 2004	Simple basic all about location	This is one of the many places to stay on Sussex near Paddington. Okay if you just want a bed to fall into after a full day of sight-seeing. Look elsewhere if you require luxury. Cereals, croissant, fruit, coffee &amp; tea are included in the rate. Room includes inserted bathroom similar to those found in RV's. The toilet, sink and shower are all combined so expect everything to get wet. Service requests were not attended to during our stay. Our credit card was not billed until 3 months after our vacation! It was great being able to walk to/from Paddington Station to take the Heathrow Express (only 15 min. to airport). Handy if there's a taxi strike. Hyde Park is perfect for early morning exercise. Check out The Swan pub on Bayswater Rd. for lunch and the little Indian restaurant on Bathurst St. for dinner. Just use the tall Royal Lancaster Hotel as a landmark!	
Oct 23 2009 	Ottimo punto di partenza		
Oct 8 2009 	Für Städtetrip geeignete Unterkunft		
Oct 1 2009 	soddisfacente		
Sep 14 2008 	Hôtel paisible et confortable.		
Jul 14 2008 	Un hôtel sympathique		
