	Not a trustworthy hotel no respect for our booking	We had booked with quite a lot of advance in the ABC Hyde Park Hotel, 2 nights (20 and 21 of november 2009). We arrived there, happy as it seemed to be a nice hotel from outside, only to discover that they had decided to move us to another hotel in the same street (Sussex Gardens): the Rhodes Hotel. We told the guy in reception that we had booked the ABC because we liked the appearance of the hotel and expected a good standard from it, and he said that Rhodes hotel was the same standard as the ABC. So down we went to Rhodes, and incredibly, once we were there, they told us they didn't have room in the hotel, and they would give us a room in a different building in a street close to there, Radnor Pl. Finally we arrived there (not a sign that this was a hotel anywhere), the room was not bad but far from what we had booked in the ABC. Very poor service, not serious at all, we never got an email from the ABC telling us they would put us in a different lodge.	
Oct 20 2009 	Good for a couple of nights	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel. The first night we were woken up 3 times due to a party going on outside. The music was so loud, they were smashing bottles, yelling, drinking and taking photos which lit up the room. If it was not due to jetlag, I dont think we would have slept a wink. At first I thought it was a nightclub, so at 2.30am I went downstairs to ask what time it closed. Reception came up to the room as they did not believe that it was as loud as I was describing. They said that London does not have noise restrictions (found out that this is not true) therefore they would ring and ask them to turn it down, this did not happen. It was not till 4.30am that I was able to fall asleep again even though the party was still in full swing. Although the first night was horrific, the next 2 nights were quite. The staff were good, not great, but helpful. The breakfast was great. We enjoyed the toast, cereal, fruit, juice and coffee on offer, it was ideal for us. The view through the broken blind and broken window (red tape over the cracks) was of a back carpark filled with rubbish so it was not nice. Overall I would recommend this hotel if your money is very limited and you only want to stay a night or two max.	
Sep 21 2009 	Don't think I'll use it again	Hotel was clean as were rooms but there were a number of down points that I would mention. Firstly on our first day we only had one small hand towel between the two of us. Our room was room 16 which was up eight flights of stairs so if you fancy lugging a suitcase up those is all well and good, otherwise ask for a low numbered room if booking. On the same note the breakfast room is on the lower ground floor which means even more climbing after breakfast. The location was great, 2 minutes walk from Paddington station and 15 minutes walk to Oxford Street. The worst experience we had was coming back to the hotel at 1.00pm on Friday afternoon to find the front door locked with a notice on the door saying they would be back in 15 minutes. An hour and a half later after two walks round the block and a cup of coffee in a local cafe someone duly arrived to open the door and man the reception. Not what you'd expect in a 3 star hotel.	
Sep 9 2009 	what a gem	Having stayed in a few central London B &amp; B's, I was thrilled to discover this little place. It's great value for money, even more so if you can get a discount through somewhere like laterooms.com. Our double room was clean and of a decent size. The TV was a large flatscreen model with plenty of channels. Breakfast was in a bright airy room and included FRESH FRUIT which was a fabulous bonus. There was plenty to eat although you don't get a full cooked breakfast. Best of all, the staff were very helpful and let us leave our bags in the foyer all day after we checked out.	
Aug 26 2009 	Unclean bedsheets and only hot water	Hotel appeared at first glance ok, refurbished and ok staff besides from not so eager to give me new bed sheets. Free wifi and flat screen tv. But room was not very clean looking, especially found quite a few hairs in the bed. Also the shower had only boiling hot water, so no shower possible. Have been at much worse-looking hotels in London, but they had cleaner-looking bed sheets. Supersmall room, but no problem. Breakfast was ok.	
Aug 10 2009 	Accomodating and Value for Money	My husband and I and our 8 year old son stayed in this hotel for 1 night along with our friends 2 adults and a teenage son.We found the staff helpful even though the english was limited.The rooms were clean which in my opinion is a big PLUS point.The breakfast was fine,cereal,tea, coffee, toast....ask for seconds and they obliged no problem.For £70 for all 3 of us i think we actually had a really good deal.I have booked again for September....they have given us a Loyalty discount for staying with them again.The hotel is situated in a great position,ideal for exploring London.I would definetly reccomend it. Reading other reviews i understand sometimes things don't go according to plan...this could happen even in a 4/5 star hotel,but i feel sure that given the chance they would try to resolve the problem.If your looking for somewhere clean and a base from which to explore and at a great price for London then i would reccomend it 100%	
Jul 22 2009 	Don't be fooled by this Hotel's website	We made a booking through Laterooms.com at the beginning of June to stay at this hotel for 2 nights in July. We arrived at the hotel to check-in and were told that although they had our booking the hotel was full of guests who were staying longer than we were and so we would have to be put up in the Classic hotel down the road. The Classic hotel was disgusting, have a look at the review we have put on there. If a mistake had been made and the management had tried to put it right it would not have been so bad but this was no mistake, they deliberately overbooked a hotel that has been refurbished so that the overflow of guests would have no alternative but to stay in a very inferior hotel down the road. Don't make the same mistake because next time it could be you. It shouldn't be allowed and we will be reporting this to trading standards.	
Jul 16 2009 	Another great stay	This is my third time here now. I'd booked one night and by the time I'd arrived I needed to stay another. The guy on reception said they were booked out for the second night but an hour later he called me on my mobile and had managed to rejig the room reservations so that I could stay in my room for the second night. If that isn't good customer service, I don't know what is! I'm surprised by the review below. I thought the breakfast was fine. It's a basic continental breakfast much like you'd get in any hotel. The mattresses are not exactly soft but I find them comfortable enough to sleep on. From my perspective I think the hotel is great value for money. If you're expecting 4/5 star luxury accomodation in London then you have to be prepared to pay 2 or 3 times the rates charged at this hotel. I paid £49 for the first night via late rooms and £55 for the second direct to the hotel. Lets face it, you could really end up staying some awful flea pits in London paying those kind of rates! The only thing I had a problem with on a previous stay was an internet booking I made via the hotel's own website which, rather oddly, was processed via paypal and billed in dollars. There was some issue with the dollar amount charged being less than the sterling rate for the room and they were initially trying to charge me the difference. I argued that it was their issue, not mine and they didn't pursue it any further. The other thing I was concerned about was the fact that you didn't get an email confirmation showing your booking details. I didn't book via their site this time so I don't know if they have sorted this issue yet. Neveretheless a minor point and they dealt with it for me at the time. This is a small, clean and a mostly well run place in my opinion and I think you'd be hard pressed to find somewhere significantly better for the same rate in central London. I'll certainly be staying again.	
Jun 21 2009 	looks can be deceving	The room was very nice but the bed was very hard could not get a nice night sleep . The frist morning we went down for breakfast as we would be all day sight seeing what a shock we were offered a bowl of cereal two slices of toast one boiled egg and a peice of fruit we decided to have breakfast out. The next day my wife was walking up stairs when the hand rail came away in her hand if i had not been behind her she would fell all the way down stairs. the staff did not care or show concern we later found out some of the staff do not understand english or speak it . If you are wondering why we stayed we could not find a hotel that had three nights free. We were glad to leave	
Nov 13 2009 	Limpio buen ubicado pero pequeño		
Oct 25 2009 	Gute Leistung für wenig Geld		
Sep 15 2009 	buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
May 6 2009	ABC Hyde park hotel london		
