Nov 19 2009 	You get what you pay for	I booked a night to stay in the Kensington Suite Hotel without reading any of the reviews on this site. I book last minute off a cheap restaraunt as I was staying in London for a night as working early the next day.It was one of the cheapest places I found with my partner and all we really needed was a room in London. Thats what we got.The location is definitely the best part of the hotel as its a very short walk to the shopping centre with loads of restaurants. The hotel certainly didn't live up to the pictures on it's website but then for the price we paid we were happy whith what we got. A small, but clean room, clean bathroom and a quick checkin. The guy was friendly enough and chatted about football as we checked in.We didnt have time to go to breakfast as we left early but overall the hotel was fine for a stopover.	
Nov 13 2009 	"Be Aware" Dirty Bathrooms Tiny Rooms Over Charged !!! "	This is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at in my entire life. They over charged us and gave us the most cramped dark corner room with dirty carpets and dirty bathroom. It was hard to sleep from the smell of the toilet even when the door was shut. There were items missing from my suitcase. We only find out in the last day out of our 3 days stay so we couldn't proof anything. Good luck ! if you already booked this hell	
Nov 11 2009 	Luck of the draw	I booked this hotel for 2 nights at a great rate for London, and arrived in trepidation after reading the reviews. I was lucky. I had a triple room to myself which was spacious enough for one or two travellers, but would be a squeeze for three. The room was clean, although the bathroom was small but functional. I asked for the wifi access code on arrival and was given it without any need to pay extra and the connection was good. The reception staff were always courteous and polite.I guess that this hotel suffers from the same problem as a lot of other budget hotels in London - inconsistent quality throughout both for the rooms and the staff.	
Nov 1 2009 	What a rip off	Well another day another bad hotel!! The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The reception guy was to busy smoking his fag to be bothered to check us in properly. The room wasnt big enough to swing a cat in with ripped up carpet, leaking shower, no bin for any rubbish. When asking for the code to use the apparent WIFI which it states you can use in this hotel the guy told us we had to pay £5 for the privelege, although at the same time he told us it wouldnt work very well in our room! But wanted us to pay for the pleasure anyway, when challenging him about this he said it stated this charge on there web site but not on Late Rooms so it was there mistake, i pulled the hotel up on my phone and there was no such charge so he had to give in and let us have the code, although he said he was going to speak with the manager about this so called MISTAKE! We paid for breakfast in the amount and believe me it wasnt a cheap hotel. When getting to the RESTAURANT! it was like being in a corridor, there was only 7 tables for 40 rooms, and the so called breakfast was just cornflakes, toast, a very very hard boiled egg and coffee, that was if you could get in there along with everyone else trying to at the same time, and if the staff had cracked a smile would of been nice but not even an utter of good morning nothing they just totally ignored you. All in all a horrible hotel with very rude staff for a lot of money.	
Oct 5 2009 	Dear Lord what happened?	Upon reading some of the other most recent reviews, I'm shocked.The hotel was darling and oh so good priced when I went there to stay last year. (I escaped from York House hotel which I originally had reservations with, to this one, and felt as if I had gone from hell to Heaven. The funny thing was, when I told the man at Kensington's front desk about this, he looked at me pointedly, and asked, &quot;York House Hotel? 27-28 Philbeach Gardens?&quot; It turns out that he and his partners had previously owned York House Hotel before selling it, to the God-awful people that now ru(i)n it. And then he was kind of sad. We both were.)The room I had was a nonsmoking double used as a single, and it was completely, spotlessly clean, which for there being a kitchenette in the room and for my standards, takes some responsible human beings to do. It was indeed small, and kind of hard to move around in, but all you needed was there. The kitchenette included a microwave , a mini fridge (Godsend when you are trying to save money when traveling!), sink, dishes and utensils, detergent, and teabags and coffee and kettle. The owner even had the thoughtfulness to put up a plank of wood on top of the bed so you can put your books, eyeglasses, cups, and whatnots there. There were overhead reading lights, too.The bathroom was fine. Everything looked pretty new, and was clean. The bed was comfortable, the sheets and cover new and clean.Something else worth mentioning--I stayed in a nonsmoking room cluster, and during my first night my neighbor (also nonsmoking room) started smoking, which was beginning to make me sick. I went down to the receptionist to gripe, and the nice, and somewhat boisterous Indian man made the smoking neighbor come out to apologize to me. :) I loved this place, and thought I might have found my own little spot, when I go to London; it's kind of heartbreaking for me to see all these bad reviews now, becuase it held a darling little place in my heart.Does anyone know whether they had changed owners during the past year?	
Sep 14 2009 	the best ever	very nice hotel i recommend for every one .good price,location,facilities.specially the kichenette.	
Sep 12 2009 	"Urine Heaven!!" NOT	This is without a doubt the most disguting place I have ever had the displeasure to step foot in, the smell of urine was so overwhelming it was outrageous. There was a mouse trap in the room and a carrier bag over the smoke alarm!! The kitchenette was actually a cupboard. We dared not even look under the duvet or check the sheets! Although we saw the funny side afterwards at the time it was not funny. The manager was refusing to refund us but after letting everyone else know about it as they arrived he eventually gave in to my demands. Very threatening behaviour from the manager. We ended up having to pay £500 for another hotel for the night as everywere else was booked that night. PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!Should not be allowed :)	
Aug 23 2009 	Vile.	I selected this hotel as it specifically advertised certain amenities - in room air-con and wi-fi. Upon arrival (in an unimaginably tiny room) I found that neither worked. The room was also dark, in much the same way that it would be if lit entirely by candlelight; two miserable energy-saving lightbulbs sat forlonly in the corner, saving energy by emitting virtually no light whatsoever. (A third set didn't work at all.) Admittedly, &quot;being able to see things in the room after 8pm&quot; wasn't specifically advertised as an amenity, but I did somewhat take it as read that I would be able to do so.I presented these issues to reception, to be told that the wi-fi only works &quot;in some rooms, sometimes&quot; and that the air-con wasn't only broken in my room, but throughout the hotel. This, oddly, was presented as some kind of defence. I told the receptionist that as two advertsied amenities were not available, I could not stay, and was told that I could not have my pre-booked room charge for that night refunded, although he would in the circumstances refund the following two nights of my three night stay. Needless to say I am pursuing the remainder of the charges.Do not, under any circumstances, regardless of how good the prices seem (and actually, they're not that great anyway), stay in this establishment.	
Jul 26 2009 	I will be there again	I've been in this hotel 4 days for business. Honestly, reading the past interview I wasn't pretty sceptic doing the reservation, but finally I say &quot;Well I've been in so many place, let me have a look also to this one&quot;.Great choice Andrea. Hotel clean, small but cosy room equipped with mini-bar, micro wave, lcd 22&quot;, ensuite, free good wi-fii connection.The continental breakfast didn't offered so much choice, but for the price I got the room (45£ per night bf included) in London I cannot regret anything.The location is good enough. 8 minutes fast walking from Shepherd's bush underground station (that's at the end of zone 2 on the central line).I will certainly go there again if I need to stay once more in London.If you are italian, and you'd like to read my italian review, you can find it at http://blog.teammatelabs.com/post/2009/07/24/Dormire-a-Londra-Kensington-Hotel-Suite.aspx	
Jul 24 2009 	Great location free wifi good service and great value for money!	Although there seem to be quite a few negative reviews on this hotel, they appear to be mostly from double and triple rooms. I did see inside one of the double rooms when I was there, and it was miniscule! However I stayed in a single room, which was quite a decent size, considering most budget hotels in London are tiny!The room had everything as stated on the website: microwave, fridge, sink, private bathroom (although the shower had no curtain!), a tv (with about 40 channels!), air con, a cupboard, chair, mirrors, soap and shampoo, kettle with tea and coffee, cups and plates, hairdryer, an iron on request and best of all, free wifi! The service was also very good, with my bed being made everyday, room tidied and vaccumed and clean towels everyday. However the inside of the toilet bowl could have done with some cleaning....The man on reception was very helpful, he even let me print from the printer free of charge. Breakfast was nothing special, but sufficient! Eggs, toast, cereal, milk, orange juice, jam, tea and coffee.The location of the hotel was excellent, very close to shops, pubs and the underground. Although they told me Kensington Olympia was the closest train, it is an Overground train, and doesn't come as often. Shepherds Bush Underground is almost as close, and much more convenient as it is on the Central line with trains coming and going every few minutes, and will connect you to anywhere! The hotel is about 5-10 mins walk to Westfield London in one direction, and High Street Kensington in the other direction!In saying all of this, there were a few negative things, such as the annoying card to get into the room (instead of a key) that decided to stop working sometimes. It was annoying staying in the room with reception right above me as I heard everyone as they came in and out. Also the tv came on by itself every morning. Kind of a good wake up call, but some days I wanted to sleep a little past 7.30am....Overall, the Kensington Suite Hotel was great value for money (I booked it on Rates to Go for 45 pounds per night). I had no major complaints, the free wifi was a definite bonus, and the location was excellent. If you are staying by yourself in London, it is a good little place to spend a few nights! After all, you're not really going to spend that much time in your room anyway with so much to do and see in London!	
Jul 14 2009 	Of the bad ... the worst	The room we were given was in the basement of the building and was incredibly different from what it is shown in the hotel webpage. The walls were full of dampness and the bathroom had no shower pan, and the floor was not swept once during the two weeks we were there.Even so, the most serious complain we have about the hotel is the fact that they make misleading advertising on their website. Just as you enter the webpage, it states that &quot;The Kensington Suite Hotel offers wireless Internet Access (Wifi) throughout the hotel, free of charge to hotel guests&quot;. However, when we tried to access their Wifi connection, we could not. When we asked the recepcionist about it, he told us we had to pay 5 pounds per day to use it, contrary to what the website offers (free of charge). He got very excited and literally said (shouted, in fact) that the Wifi was free when they opened the hotel, but now it was not, and that he could not be bothered with changing what it was on the website. Also, he told us we were not the first ones to complain about this, but he did not care and he did not allow us to make an official complaint in the hotel either. He ended the conversation with a &quot;Good luck if you intend to make a formal complain&quot;. Thus, the staff was far from being nice with us. Our general experience was very negative and we would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 14 2009 	NOT Suites by any imagination!	I booked because their website stated this 3 star(!) hotel had spacious rooms, ALL of which had A/C, as well as kettle, toaster, fridge, microwave and minibar. In reality, the double ensuite I paid 80 GBP for had a double bed - period. The room was so small, I could not even lay flat or open a small carry-on piece of luggage. The A/C never worked - it was extremely hot, and incredibly noisy with the window open. There wasn't a wardrobe or table of any kind, much less refrigerator! I have no idea why they are called &quot;Suites&quot; - they don't come close. The breakfast room was too small and too crowded to waste my time for a piece of toast, so I didn't bother. It wasn't worth the money, and it was totally misrepresented on the website. It was clean and did have free internet. If they had honestly stated all you receive is a bed and offered a fair price, I would not feel so deceived. However, they didn't - so I would never consider staying here again. Don't waste your money.	
May 31 2009 	Good for SB Empire but nothing special	I arrived in London for a Sugarland concert at Shepherd's Bush Empire. There was a mix up at the hotel I had originally booked, so I had to quickly find somewhere else to stay that night. I booked through Laterooms, using the &quot;Top Secret&quot; offer. I stayed for 2 nights at a total of £70 inc breakfast. The location was great for me: a 10 minute walk to the Empire, tube station and just across the road from the White City shopping centre. There are also a fair few restaurants and supermarkets in close proximity. After the concert I got a taxi back for safety, and it was only £5.The room was small and not as clean as I'd have liked: it just seemed a bit grimey. It had a small &quot;kitchenette&quot; consisting of a sink, microwave and fridge. It was great to have a microwave in the room so I was prepared to overlook the negative points: I'm a vegetarian celiac, so eating out is a nightmare! Although the brown floaty bits in the tap water irked me somewhat. The worst thing about the room was the bedding. the sheets were clean, but there was an old think smelly fleece blanket in between the sheets, instead of a duvet. I didn't bother asking for a clean one as I was only there 2 nights so I just used the sheets and wore a few extra layers, but that was pretty horrid. Room was fairly quiet, considering I was facing the road, although rather disconcertingly there was no lock on the window (there were plenty of ledges below the window, too)...Bathroom was ok. Clean but fairly small. Didn't have enough towels.Reception staff were friendly. They even let me use their computer to research a hotel at my next destination, (having had yet more problems with bookings!) and printed out maps for me. Breakfast was fine but limited. Boiled eggs, cereals, breads. Can't remember if there was fruit. I don't think there was. Overall this hotel was ok. If I had to go to a concert at the Empire again, I wouldn't mind staying here for a night or two, seeing as it was so cheap, fairly friendly, very close to the venue and has a kitchenette-ette. If you're visiting London for any other reason, or for longer, I'm sure you can find somewhere much nicer on a similar budget.	
Mar 23 2009 	Don't go here.	After having booked a triple and a twin room in this &quot;hotel&quot; on 22/08/08 we arrived on 13/03/2009 to be told that we could not have the rooms we booked. We were being offered 3 twin rooms instead - and not the same rooms for both our nights stay. When we asked why this was the cse when we booked so far in advance we received no reply and at no time did we even receive an apology. The man who was at reception said he could show us a room for three but in his words &quot;you won't like it&quot;. How right he was. It was tiny and had a very bad smell. It was entered from outside the hotel and on the way to the room we passed a suitcase lying on the ground with a large hole burnt in it. He then showed us to the rooms we were allocated and they were not much better. The access to the rooms was via a very small lift and if there is a fire in this hotel I do not know how anyone would get out safely. He was extremeley unhelpful and RUDE. In the end we didn't even check in to this hotel and I would not receommend it to anyone.	
Mar 14 2009 	Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In!	Myself and friend booked this hotel through Late rooms we booked 2 single rooms for a thursday night it cost £61 each . If we had paid £25 each it would have been too much. The only positive I can say about this hotel is that the reception area looks clean and tidy! Because the rest of the hotel isn't! One of the rooms had no, they had been pulled down from the pole! The bathroom was dirty. the room very small. I am sure that there is much better hotels in London than this one! I try not to be negative in my reviews because I appreciate that peoples opinions do vary but there was nothing positive to say about the rooms or the staff! I'm usually happy if the room is clean and tidy because I 'm never in there long! But this hotel is very poor!	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Location but very basic	Good location between Shepherds Bush and Kensington Olympia tube stations so ideal for anyone attending exhibtions at Olympia (7 minute walk).Check-in was smooth and staff were friendly. Room I stayed in was sold as a triple room however it would be impossible for 3 adults to stay in it with any degree of comfort. The room (I could not in all honesty describe it as a suite) was generally clean and warm (there were 2 central heating radiators plus an additional controllable heating unit) and additional 2 blankets were provided: In the &quot;kitchen&quot; it had a mini fridge, sink and electric kettle (with some teabags, coffee, mlk, sachets etc) however there were only plates and cups for 2 people. There were 2 flat screen tv's with numerous UK tv channels. There was a lack of seating space (except for the beds or the one small metal table and one metal chair provided) although this is not surprising as there is literally no where to put them ! The overall general maintenance was lacking any real care - in fact some aspects were positively dangerous particularly the bathroom (which was basically a sink, toilet and handheld shower). Anybody taller than 5ft 6&quot; would have a problem having a shower - without running the risk of electrocution if the water hit the electric light fitting immediately overhead. Also, no hairdryer supplied. There was only 3 hangers in the wardrobe (so one each !)The advertised wi-fi did not work (and in spite of booking site advising it as free in all locations of the hotel) ...I was advised that there was in fact a charge of 5 pounds per day for using it. Breakfast is basic, cereal, boiled eggs, toast etc..and only available from 07.30hrs-09.30hrs even at weekends but at least gives you something to get the day going.. It shoud also be noted that some of the rooms are located in the basement area of the hotel with direct access from street so quite noisy from the traffic at times as well as from other guests returning to the hotel at night. There is no alarm or safety deposit box available for valuables.The steps to/from hotel and external rooms are quite narrow and made of black marble so very slippy in the rain. Apart from cost value I would look for alternative accommodation if intending to stay more than one or two nights...and you just want a bed.	
Feb 4 2009 	Winter Specials	The staff are helpful and tried their best to sort the problems out, but uopn arrival, too many things did not work. The hairdryer, the fridge, not enough towels, room too hot, and the booking was queried. KSH had excellent winter rates, with a very conveniently situated bus stop.	
Aug 6 2008 	Fair Price but smelly and very loud room	The price was ok if you consider the relatively central location. The room was very small but ok, with an ensuite bathroom, TV and tea kettle.However, the room's location (facing the VERY loud main street) made sleep impossible and there was a weird smell in the room (not the sheets or mattrass, I guess it was the very old carpet).The bin in the bathroom has not been emptied when I arrived.I did not eat breakfast even though it was included so I cannot comment on it.The 24 h reception was indeed open when I arrived at 3 am in the morning, the staff (receptionist) was friendly.	
Jul 26 2008	Our worst in Europe	Having spent six weeks in Europe, mainly staying in 2 or 3 star hotels which were always up to expectations or, in Ireland in B and B's which were invariably excellent , our 3 night stay at the Kensington Suite Hotel , London was a major disappointment.Some of the faults I list below.1. Our bedroom, located , we were to find, in the basement, had an unlockable window which gave a view of a messy yard.2 Three beds were squeezed into a very small room3.There was nowhere to put our luggage.or hang anything (although there was a microwave).4 .The shower had a broken towel rack, with parts on the floor.5. There was no bath mat, no toilet roll holder.6. The bathroom sink had a wine bottle lid stuck inside its plug hole. . This could have been easily removed with long pointed pliers (which we were not, of course, carrying with us). As a result of the lid being there, the plug could not be used to fill the basin.7. The heating was piped in ...and very hot. One heater was up against one of the beds.8. The window, with a broken cord, had to be propped open. It also needed cleaning.We listed all these faults, some of which could have been easily fixed, and gave the list to reception when we left for the day after our first night there.When we came back that evening, nothing had been attended to, nor was anything done before we checked out.The breakfasts at the Kensington Suite were poor by comparison with Continental and Irish breakfasts. Only one cereal was offered. The milk to go with it was unrefrigerated. The only hot item available was a boiled egg . There was not enough seating in the dining area, for the number of peoply wanting to eat.Kensington Suite was , I repeat, a major disappointment	
Jul 19 2008	The worst hotel experience I've ever encountered!	I really feel that I must warn other potential visitors about the appalling way I was treated by this establishment. I had a room booked at the Kensington Suite Hotel (Formerly the Westfield Suite Hotel) for 3 nights, which I had chosen based on the fact that it had 3* facilities and what appeared to be cosy rooms that looked rather lovely for the price, and that it was in an ideal location which was quiet and fairly close to where I was working. Upon arrival at the hotel, I was greeted by a receptionist who took down my name and bank details, before informing me that I would not in fact be spending my first night at this hotel because there was a problem with my room. I asked reasonable questions such as where I would be sleeping, I was ignored and simply told &quot;another hotel. I call a cab now&quot;; was then sent across to Ascot Hotel in Paddington, where the cab driver had been instructed to hand an envelope to reception. I was left standing and waiting in reception for 20 minutes while the receptionist took a cig break and slowly dealt with a couple of people in front of me, and I was finally dealt with only to be informed that I'd been sent to the wrong hotel (before he resorted to having a good laugh about it with his colleague as if some sort of inside joke! Incredibly rude!)By now I was starting to feel rather wound up, as it was actually beginning to seem as though this was no more than an elaborate scam to take my money with no intention of providing a place to stay. So I was handed the envelope back and told I had to walk a few hundred yards down the road to another hotel, which was far from the 3* quality I was expecting during my stay, but perhaps a 1* - a cold family room that reminded me more of a bed-sit than any hotel I’ve ever stayed in! I called up the hotel to complain, and felt as though I was being spoken down to; basically the receptionist made this out to be no big deal, informing me that “It’s only for one night”. In the end I decided that this was too much of an inconvenience for me, as this also meant that I would have to cart my luggage across London during rush hour trying to switch locations in time to get over to work for 9AM, and I managed to make alternative arrangements. I was promised a refund that night, which three days later I am still waiting on. I have no clue what the rooms in the hotel were like, but the level of customer service I received was shocking and I can only imagine how bad they treat guests when they actually stay at the hotel!	
Jan 28 2008 	Tiny!	THE ROOM- was really tiny they put 3 beds in our room &amp; if three people did sleep in the room it would of been very wrong because all the beds where next to each other. bathroom was really small you couldnt move around it at all &amp; the shower was just about big enough to do a 360 in it. the whole time i was there they did not change my bed &amp; did not take the rubbish out the room when i left in by the window. BREAKFAST-The breakfast was rubbish we asked for a full english the first day we was there &amp; full english is defo not what you would call it. they gave us one sasuage &amp; 1 bacon &amp; the bacon was cold &amp; sasuage was cheap. they gave us a handful of beans &amp; a egg and all that took 25mins to come to us. the tables where rubbish because the chairs would not go under the table so you would have to have your legs to the side to sit down.THE HOTEL-the hotel if you could call it that, its just two old victorian house knocked into two &amp; put as many rooms in as possible. It looked really nice when you walked in but if it was raining at any point then you would slip on the stairs going into the place as they were mable steps.THE STAFF-One of the staff oldish kinda man was really poilte but the rest did not talk one bit to you.Would i tell people to stop there.... no i wouldn't!	
Jan 17 2008 	good value for money	Rooms are tiny but clean and functional and mine had a new bathroom. I booked last minute so was offered a very good deal(£30). Breakfast is not worth mentioning: Eat out! Loction is very good. Compared to other hotels I have stayed in London this was a real bargain and cleaner than most in that price range. You can´t hang out in the room(no space), but if you just need a place to sleep and a good shower for little money this is worth considering.	
Jan 15 2008 	Small but Satisfactory (with exception of breakfast)	No real complaints regarding the room, only that it was small. On the plus side it has been recently refurbished, so things are generally in a reasonable condition. The only real problem was breakfast which was a bit of a farce. To start with the size of the breakfast area is inadequate for the number of people staying. Assuming you get a seat, you will find that the tables were designed for vertically challenged people, but unfortunately the chairs were not. Therefore you will either have to remove your legs, or sit sideways on to the table. My advice at breakfast (eat out really) is to make sure you secure any glasses and cups you might need ASAP. I think they only have one small set of either, so you need to be quick if you are to avoid drinking your morning coffee out of a bowl. The breakfast food is basic (cornflakes, toast, jam, hard boiled eggs and cheese), but satisfactory, the only issues is that things can run out with the execption of the hard boiled eggs it appears!	
Jan 10 2008	hotel from hell	The list is endless but nevertheless important for you to know as a tourist who is considering staying at this hotel: The property was unbelievably tiny, you’d walk in and there was two beds, a tiny cubbort (which had the micro) and then the door to bathroom/door to way out…the pix that you see…well u know how it shows the bed/cubort and that? Well they’re literraly stuck up rigggggggghhtt beside each other! You’ve got to link them all together…its incredibly claustrophobic ishh…They’re “system” doesn’t even call local places, they say “it’s not set out to be that way”, never mind calling international calls (this is for tourists who would like to talk to their families at some point in their stay)!We had one bad news after another, and wanted to cry and run away/get our money back when we first got there.Dirty things like the cups and linens, when we told them to switch the linens it took them 3 hrs to get up there! /unhelpful staff or should I say no staff? You would think a 3 star hotel would have someone at evenings eh? Well wrong, the receptionist had to bring the pillows to us! Tried to ripp us off every chance they got, seriously pissed us off about that.If you ask them a question about where to go for new years for example, and they'd say &quot;I don’t know…&quot;.soooo very unhelpful it was discusting...They never ever said hello/bye how are you, merry Christmas or anything!!!Wouldn’t even exchange the obviously dirty dishes sometimes!Tiny elevator (fits 2 ppl max, never mind the luggage!), no lights in the hall ways, the sensors barely to not at all work!Light in the toilet wouldn’t work, heater wouldn’t work at times.Windows didn’t have shears! So if u open the window….well bugs/and birds? No internet anywhere…they don’t even have a computer, to pay them for usage. Receipt they gave to us for staying there and paying them so much money was the size of a dollar store receipt you’d get! So incredibly unprofessional!We were just sitting there and then beeeeep beeepppppp beeeeeepp… fire alarm goes off (for some random reason)…From then on the beep goes off every single day at breakfast….-milk for coffee so old…it was spoilt!-the hair dryer, you needed to hold the butooooooooonn dowwwnn for it to keep going..it wouldn’t even stay/it looked sooo old!-if I hadn’t gone there w. someone else I would have been stuck in that shower! The doors were sooo tight! You’d go in and get stuck!! - they didn’t even put shampoo the next day after seeing that it was all gone (highly doubt that they even check)…-no room to have opened our luggage even (we had 2, could barely open 1)!Couldn’t wait to write this review! We considered running away but couldn’t because of no access to check other hotels fees as once again there was nooooo internet in that place…we were suppose to have the time of our life, but the lack of accommodation…made it really hard! Known to be a “hotel” but u know to this day I still say hostel…slip of tongue, w/o even thinking abou it. We changed to a 2 star hotel and thaaaaaaattt was 3x b8r then what that place was!But u know what in the end it’s not just about the unhelpful/lack of staff, but its about the whole system they’re operating on! It all needs to change from its roots! Ps. There was a ton more of honesty/details i could've thrown in there but had to delete bc. of the requirements of posting a review(just to let u know)!	
Jan 4 2008 	Rude Manager	Whilst the hotel rooms were small but clean the manager was very rude. On arrival he continued with his personal telephone call and left us waiting for 10 minutes. On departure we were told we could leave our suitcases for a refundable depoist of £5.00. However, on return our suitcases were still in the foyer where we had left them and could have been taken by anyone. When we requested for our £5.00 depoist to be returned to us the man was very rude and patronising. He eventually gave us our money back. I will not be returing to this hotel again.	
Dec 28 2007 	Disappointing..!! Smallest room ever stayed	Our first visit to London and we booked this budget hotel as it was just somewhere to sleep. We arrived at 8PM and immediately found out that the staffs were not helpful and have no sense of communication at all! When we went to our room, we were just stunned because the room was so small! We’re carrying two luggages with us and definitely no space for those. The sheets were dusty and the room was so freezing cold, as it was only heated by a small heater. We couldn’t sleep well every night. I will not recommend this hotel for anyone. We would never stay in this hotel again….	
Dec 2 2007 	without a doubt worst hotel experience I've ever had	I found the manager to be quite rude and frequently used anti-american remarks when speaking to me. if I could be moved to another room, after he declined to fix my telephone. The shower did not have a curtain, and soaked the carpet each day. Other than that, the maid service was excellent and my bed was comfortable. The management style is undesirable, and I do not recommend this place to anyone.	
Nov 30 2007 	Comfortable - a decent deal	I stayed here for 2 consecutive weeks, going away during the week-end, so I am satisfied with the hotel on average. The room I was allotted the first week was small, but with a comfy bed, and amenities like microwave, fridge and airconditioning put it above the other hotels in the same price range. And I've certainly tried a few in London. The noise from the traffic might be disturbing for some, but I managed to ignore it. Having to work via the internet for a short while every evening, I was not satisfied with the WLAN being rather quirky, forcing me to go to the breakfast room to get a proper signal.The second week I was given a larger room looking out the back. It was comfortable, the WLAN worked all the time, so I was quite satisfied. The rooms were clean, new towels everyday, the , bath, the cups and plates were washed everyday when I returned, and the staff were helpful and curteous. I'll use this hotel again.	
Nov 25 2007 	Dont Do It	my wife and i booked this hotel online through booking.com although reasonably priced for london it really does not come up to scratch. when we arrived the desk person was very to the point verging on being rude,not explaining anything, like you have to insert your keycard in the room to enable everything to work ,,,when we saw the room we were dumb founded, the eaves had a radiator on it so when you got out of bed you would have trod on it , and was very small,, so i went back to reception to find the ,,to the point guy again ,, asking to be moved to another room, he very kindly showed us another two rooms which were just as small ,, so we choose one with out the eaves,, the fittings are nice carpets, tv ,fridge etc but just way to small,, we did not even unpack our case as there would not have been enough room for them and us ,, we also found the sink and microwave with dirty used cups in,,,, in the morning the breakfast was not a true continental and the full english is not available even though it is stated on the details. once again the breakfast area was far to small.. we will not stay again,, our advise is we have learnt our lesson ,, pay the extra and stay at a more known hotel ,, other wise it spoils your weekend break,,mr c clark.	
Nov 24 2007	OK if you like it cramped	Stayed here double room one night. The most smallest room we have ever stayed in. Great to have a microwave and sink fitted in a cupboard in the room, but no good at all if the wall mounted TV prevents you from opening the cupboard door! Clean room though and so was the bathroom, but bedroom far too small, the bed practically almost took the room space up.Breakfast was disappointing; adequate continental, but we felt this area let the hotel down the most; not enough cutlery out, or mugs for coffee and tea. I asked for a glass for juice, got quite a rude reply indicating a couple of 'not so clean' glasses on the table, one of which was badly cracked. I politely pointed this out to the waitress, who again quite dismissively told me that was all they had - and walked off. Luckily I didnt cut my mouth on it. Wouldnt stay again, despite good prices, clean furnishings and handy location Shame the breakfast experience let them down.	
Nov 19 2007 	Litle gem in London	Westfield Suite Hotel is a little gem in London. It locates in a very nice part of London close to the Olympia station, which also has a train that will go to Gatwick Airport. We booked for two nights via Priceline Europe and were pleasantly surprised by the GBP 88 price tag. If you pay by VISA, you will be charged an extra 3%. After reading some good reviews of the hotel, we thought we would give that hotel a try. It is a very nice hotel indeed. I think it resembles moreof a family operation/bed and breakfast. My room has all the modern amenities: nice beds, satellite TV, small bar fridge, shower, toilet and sofa. A few things such as closet and drawers that are missing butwe don't mind that much. We also have access to a microwave and a electric stove top next to the breakfast area. The room is cozy, comfortable and clean. The only drawback of the hotel is the thin walls which can get a bit noisy if other guests are noisy. The hotel also provides free WiFi wireless network as well. So, for that price, I think it has to be one of the best valued hotels/ B&amp;B in London. Highly recommended!	
Nov 18 2007	Hairy fork anyone?!	Book this via laterooms at a bargain price. On arrival. was promising as had to check in quite early and room was ready. The room however was FILTHY! Cutlery had not been washed and was covered in hair - yes, hair - the mind boggles. The bathroom was dirty and also very hairy! There was about a 12 inch space between the loo and sink (if you are a person on the larger size you would have to stand over it). The room was on the ground floor right on the road, so very noisy. Also, there were problems with the fire alarm. Went off at around 10.30 pm and the staff took ages to turn it off, also at breakfast time when the toast went on! And don't get me started on breakfast which consisted solely of toast and jam. The stay was certainly an experience!	
Oct 23 2007 	Lovely Hotel!	When I booked this hotel I was a bit scared, as I couldn't find a single review anywhere... However, the priced looked great for the amenities they claimed to have. We paid 160€ for 3 nights on a double room.The hotel isn't in a central area, but it's near the underground (around 300m) and has a bus stop right on front. When there, we used both, usually the underground to go explore the city and the bus to return at night. Around the underground station there's a mall and lots of places to eat cheap (that's an advantage to be out of downtown. I advise the both restaurants on the mall, where you can have a regular but good meal for around 7£, including a pint.The hotel itself is on two recovered Victorian style houses. This means, all the space is carefully organized. Yes, this means the rooms are really small. However, extremely organized and practical. Each room has a small kitchenette, with microwave, kettle, sink and a small fridge. They also provide what you need to make a cup of coffee or tea (including milk), so bring some cookies and juices and you can have a light meal at night. The bathroom is very small but it has exactly what you need. The bed is very comfortable and there's both an LCD TV and a hairdryer in-room.All the hotel, specially the rooms are extremely clean.You can have breakfast (included) on the basement floor, thought it's really a basic one (milk, coffee, tea, bread, toasts, butter, jam and juice). This place is half covered by glass and, in the future, you'll be able to eat in the garden too.The staff is really nice and helpful. We run out of coffee late at night and call the reception. No more than 2 minutes later someone was knocking at the door to deliver it.Since the hotel opened a couple of days before we arrived, somethings weren't ready yet, but this promises to be a great budget hotel in London.We loved it! :)	
Jul 14 2009 	Estafe y arrogancia		
Apr 27 2009 	Hotel sencillo limpio y tranquilo		
Feb 27 2009 	Überraschend gut		
Jan 17 2009 	siamo stati prorio bene		
Sep 7 2008 	Ne jamais y aller		
