	Avoid!!!	Appalling customer service... I wish I never booked this hotel! Any reputable agency - online of offline should think twice before doing business with Dylan house (London). Hopefully sooner or later they will realize and stop dealing with them.The only reason I booked 2 nights at this hotel via www.bookings.com was close proximity to where I needed to be in London last weekend of October for my NLP seminar. I was called from the hotel only 3 days before arrival date to be informed that they had some maintenance work going on and no rooms were available. Nobody bothered to apologize for inconvenience. I had to find another hotel nearby. A month later while checking my credit card statement I realized that Dylan House still charged me £77 - one nights fee. When I phoned to inquire about the charge, both - bookings.com and Dylan House replied, that this was a cancellation fee for no show....Please, be aware and try to avoid this hotel at all cost!	
Nov 17 2009 	Value for Money	Thanks a lot to Dylan house because when i booked a studio with them i was scared after reading the reviews,but when i reached there and stayed for 42 days i found it amazing.The staff was very helpful and caring,the room standards are excellent.Actually i must say it was worth what i paid for to stay.Special thanks goes to Mr.Rajat who surprised me on my birthday by putting a nice bottle of champagne and a heart shaped cake in my room when i was away,and as soon as i opened my room it was decorated with flowers and ribbons.My wife was so happy and this is what i expected from my tour that i wanted to make my wife happy,I will prefer to come here again and again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent peaceful placce centraally located	We enjoyed our stay at dylan. Especially having kitchens in the apartments is the biggest advantage. Nice clean rooms and looked newly refurbished	
Nov 3 2009 	Fraudlent Advertiser	Dylan house appears as a 3-4 star hotel; it is at best a 1.5. Their internet site shows spacious rooms that can not possibly exist given the situation of the building. I made a 4-night reservation via United (Venere), and when I arrived I was informed that there was a 10% surcharge for paying by credit card. I paid one night in advance in cash. When I entered the room it was literally so small that I could not put down my suitcase on the floor to unpack. The kitchenette was approximately 2-feet wide with appliances for which the nearest outlet was 4 feet away.After 10 minutes I returned to the desk and asked for my money back. I was refused, and the attendant asked me to pay another night up-front, saying there was a 48-hour advance cancellation fee. I left immediately and used the internet to find another reputable London hotel in the area (Grand-Plaza), where I am currently staying	
Aug 8 2009 	Buyer Beware	We booked Dylan House over the internet and were sadly disappointed. The rooms that we were allocated bore little resemblance to those advertised on the hotel's web page. The one staff member present told us that there were deluxe rooms that featured on the internet, but none of them were available.Our room was one of those where you have to climb over your luggage once you close the door. The ensuite was tiny with room for one person to stand (not move) between the toilet, basin and shower recess.Our friends had three adults in a similarly cramped room with windows opening onto an internal courtyard full of cigarette butts.	
Nov 24 2008 	Not too bad	I actually enjoyed my stay at Dylan House. I arrived late after taking longer than I expected to get from Heathrow Airport. When I tried paying for the room for 6 nights the receptionist discovered that my Credit card had insufficient funds so she happily accepted cash for one night and said I could pay the rest the next day, and that paying cash would be better for me because they have to charge 5% on Credit card payments. The room was very small, as was the bathroom, but, in my opinion, so what. I was in London to see the sights not spend all day in my room. The walls were thin and I could hear people walking around upstairs and in the hallway, but again, so what. It's a small boutique hotel, not a Hilton or a Best Western. The location was extremely handy to everything - close to Paddington Tube Station and many great restaurants and mini-marts.The staff were very helpful, and when, after coming home from a long day seeing the sights and discovering I had accidentally booked my room for 5 nights instead of 6, the guy in reception told me that they had a room available at their other hotel at Earl's Court and that I could stay there as I had paid for 6 nights. He was very apologetic, even though it was entirely my fault.I would recommend this hotel if:a) You don't expect luxury b) Budget is an issue c) You only need a place to sleep after sight seeing all day	
Aug 15 2008 	Great Budget Hotel	For a budget hotel, dylan house is a modern and accommodating offering that provided what i needed, a small hideaway not to far from the centre of london and with all the basic amenities that were of a particularly good standard.I had booked a studio double room with ensuite for me and a friend for a 2 night break. When we got into the room it was a typical compact studio room that was clean and fresh, with the ensuite and kitchenette of a high standard of cleanliness. The ensuite was cosy but not to small to feel claustatphobic. The kitchenette was useful for us, as we wanted to keep our food costs down. The storage facilities, clean cutlery and nicely sized fridge , on top of the plasma tv was all a bonus, as was the added storage space which was plenty for 2 nights. We were on the top floor, which suited us perfectly. The couple of stairs up was worth the quietness that the top floor offered us. I was also aware that some studio rooms can get stuffy but the fan unit provided was a great asset to stop this. I would say that while the rooms were clean and of a good standard, we did have a problem with our DVD player, which would not work. I went down to the main office and the man was very obliging in sending someone up. However, whilst the man did his best to solve the problem it was plain to see that he had no more knowledge than i did. He did promise a new dvd player would be brought up but this promise was broken. This was the only bad aspect of the service. On every other occasion the office maintained a friendly atmosphere with service always being offered with a smile. Overall i was impressed by the standard available on my basic budget and would book to stay at Dylan's house again. I would however be mindful that Dylan house is best for those after a short break of 3-4 days and i would advice those, especially people looking for a compact studio room to a center and of a good standard to choose Dylan's house.	
Jun 16 2008 	Agree - don't stay here!	We ignored the general feedback here and booked a night at the Dylan Hotel, to our cost! We were put in room 41. We have stayed in all sorts of hotels, many basic and small (we’re not into 4*), but not like this. It was sold as a double but it would be small even for a single room – you would only fit in it if you were a slim single person with very small piece of hand luggage. When I asked was there anything that would actually fit two bodies and luggage, I was shown another room that was even worse, very slightly bigger but in the lower ground with absolutely no natural light. So we stayed in Rm 41. Never again. The double bed was pushed against the wall and there was barely room then to walk between the bed and the other wall, against which clothes were also supposed to hang! The ¾ size door to the miniscule bathroom couldn’t open all the way because the bed was in the way. The ‘kitchenette’ is a sink-sized bench in the corner with mini fridge underneath, It has 2 hotplates on the side of a very tiny sink and a toaster, but there is absolutely no room to actually do anything with it. There are no teabags, no bedside tables, no reading lights, no hairdryer, no air conditioning, and you have to pay a deposit for the remote controls for the TV (though aren’t told this on check in). The website we went to said it had wi-fi but the coverage didn’t reach our room; it was also going to be charged at £3/hr! The walls and ceilings are paper thin so you hear every movement around and above you. The furniture and fittings are new-ish but the watermarks on the walls are old and overall it just isn’t a functional space unless you literally take the one step from the door to the bed, sleep, and go out again. The people in the office were pleasant and tried to respond to our concerns but there wasn’t much they could do. This is a case of greed overriding functionality. Our advice – don’t do it! It is a great area (we used to live around here) and there are loads of hotels. You will be able to find others that are also reasonably priced and that you can actually move around in.	
Jun 9 2008 	Do Not Stay Here!	DO NOT STAY HERE!The only thing good about this hotel is it's website. The photos and descriptions do not portray what you will find. It is dirty and even by London standards, grossly over-priced. We left after one night. The room we booked was &quot;not available&quot; but they offered to provide something &quot;suitable&quot; for an extra $80.00 per night - take it or leave it. Bait and switch. The manager laughed when we said we would find another hotel. When we arrived we were left standing in the rain for 20 minutes because there was no one available to let us into the building. The foldaway mattress (no sheets) was filthy and stained. The shower was so small an adult would have trouble moving inside. For the price they are charging you can find much better in London. Why ruin your trip.	
Apr 19 2008	Do not stay here	DO NOT STAY HERE. We were sent here from their partner hotel as our room had a leak (apparantly) - no warning before we got there. We didn't know until we'd paid for a our room that there was actually no room for us and we were being put in one of the staffs rooms who was away for the weekend - sheets covering his belongins and a put me up bed as we'd booked for 3. Complete with porn stash in bedside table!! Manager was just rude when we complained and acted like he was doing us a favour!	
Apr 8 2008 	Mixed feelings	I got quite a good deal as I booked this place through laterooms.comIf I'd paid the full usual rate they have I'd have been furious. My room was falling to pieces, there were damp marks on the walls, the tap wasn't working well, the walls are so thin and it's so noisy in the morning you can't sleep. Staff were friendly but it has so many problems I don't think I'd ever go back.	
Mar 10 2008 	Not as bad as it seems after all the reviews	Well, for the price we paid (135 for 2 nights) I was OK with this hotel.The rooms were clean, kitchenette was very convinient: kettle, microwave, toaster, fridge - everything you need if on the budget and prefer to have a quick bite at the rooms. Staff was very polite with us and helpful. Yes rooms are tiny, but in London in such a price range I believe it&quot;s common.We booked a twin room, but were allocated, at first, a double one. After noting this out to the staff, they granted us a key from a single room next to ours. So we've got 2 rooms at our disposal. To compare - both were clean and decent. But a single, of course, was much smaller with a really tiny bathroom. Double was fine with toilet far from the sink :) On the negative side the double bed was really small and the walls were really thin, I've got an absolutely annoying neighbours who conducted a night style of life and that disturbed a lot. At the end we are just guests and lets respect each others rights for the night sleep.	
Feb 5 2008 	this place is terrible	this hotel is falling to bits, everything is not what it seems, dont believe there website, it all looks so glam, but its completely the reverse, the rooms are so small and the furniture is almost on top of you there no room to even swing a cat, the staff are no where to be seen, and if you do manage to find somebody to talk to, it will be like they are doing you a favour by letting you stay there. The owner hasnt got a clue how to deal with guests and there problems, and doesnt want admit that his hotel has problems, with staff, and management. The Hotel is mis managed and the owners havent got a clue on how to run a hotel. Its not up to scratch, find some where else if you can!!!As you can tell i wont be going back there.....	
Feb 2 2008	Nice Clean Studio Aparment in Good Area	As I was staying in London for just over 2 weeks, I was looking for somewhere that provided self catering facilities and was pleasant &amp; comfortable enough to spend 16 nights in. I was also on a budget which made finding these things a bit more tricky!I was very pleased with the location of the hotel as it is about 5 mins walk from Paddington station and also near to shops and supermarkets in Queensway nearby. This also be a good location to stay if you were sightseeing as it is very central. Initially I was shown to a room in the basement and this was OK, however it was very dark and the shower did not heat up. I asked to be moved to a different room and they offered me a room at the top of the building in the attic instead, which was lovely.I was pleased to see that it was very clean and all the plates, cooker, bathroom, etc spotless. The room was small to average but definately big enough for 2 adults to stay . It was light and airy with a nice view out over the rooftops &amp; split into two parts with an archway dividing the two. Comfy bed and small clean shower/bathroom en suite. Kitchen area contained 2 hotplates, microwave, fridge, kettle, toaster, iron and plates cups bowls pans etc. Also small fold out table and 2 chairs. Booked the hotel through Venere &amp; got a very good rate of approx £70 per night for 16 nights stay. I would definately recommend a stay in this hotel &amp; will staying here again.	
Nov 19 2007 	Do Not Stay Here - You Will Be Disappointed	This place was a major disappointment. We stayed here for five nights in September and was put in the smallest room imaginable. My husband had to sit or lay on the bed while I moved around. The small double bed was pushed against the wall and the other side was about one and a half foot from the cupboard. &quot;Well that's how it is&quot; was the reply from management when I said the website didn't depict the size and quality of the room. Worse was to come. There was no service whatsoever. Our towels were not changed until the last day when we complained, then clean towels were forthcoming. On top of this continental breakfast was to be provided each morning (which consisted of a small packet of cereal each with milk and a small carton of apple juice each). We only received this on the first morning, until we notified management and breakfast was provided on the last morning. The shower was so small that my husband was bent over like a fish hook. This was an extremely disappointing experience for the money paid (120 pounds) per night with no service whatsoever. Also the cereal bowls were dirty with dried cereal in them. An absolutely disgusting place.	
Sep 7 2007 	Don't believe the website	I booked my ‘studio apartment’ at Dylan House Hotel through Late Rooms and I’m glad that I didn’t pay full price for this room. I had booked a single room but I was actually allocated a double room on arrival. I was quite pleased at this as the single rooms looked really small in the photographs I had seen. The lovely girl on reception told me that she would bring my breakfast (cereals and snacks) up in the morning.When I had walked up the narrow, steep staircase up to the fifth floor I opened my door to discover what was little more than a box room. The double bed, which was pushed up to the wall took up most of the room with perhaps 50 cm clearance between the bed and the kitchenette. There was no DVD player as mentioned on the hotel website. The promised satellite system was there but this was not the standard Sky system. There were over one thousand channels but the majority were in French, Spanish, German or Arabic.The room was fairly clean although the cooker looked quite grubby. Before my arrival I had decided to go self-catering but one look at the cooker convinced me to go out to eat. I looked around for tea making equipment (I am used to staying in Travel Inns with complimentary hot drinks facilities) but there was only a kettle. I called reception to ask for some but actually went through to another guest room. He told me that calls to reception had been diverted to his number and to try again. I really couldn’t be bothered. I decided to have a shower which got hot eventually although the cubicle had little room for manoeuvre. While in the shower there was a knock at the door. I jumped out and discovered my light Continental breakfast on the floor outside the room. The breakfast consisted of a small box of Crunchy Nut Cornflakes, a Kelloggs Nutrigrain bar, a pint of milk and a small carton of orange juice. Perhaps I have been spoiled by Travel Inn breakfasts but I would not describe this as breakfast. After eating out I returned to the room to sit on the bed (there are no chairs). I did want to read in bed but as there was no bedside lamp I had to read using the main room light. I gave this up as a bad job and decided to stick to the TV. The bed was quite comfortable and I did get a decent night’s sleep. In the morning I had my ‘breakfast’ and left the room. I went to reception to drop my key in but it was locked up. As I had to leave I had to shove the key under the door, as it had no key ring or room number I hope they know which room it is for.	
Jul 5 2007 	Home away from home	I stayed at the Dylan House Hotel last week whilst on a business trip. On this occasion i decided to stay at this hotel because of the attractive looking rooms and the value for money packages. I was delighted to discover that my bedroom had its own private mini kitchen, which enabled me to stay indoors and enjoy a much needed home cooked meal (especially since the weather wasnt so great outside). Upon my arrival i was greeted by Daniel who was an absolute delight and very welcoming. Checking-in was very quick and efficient.Once i was in my room i carefully inspected the entire room before i began to unpack (as im a bit of a clean freak). The bathroom and the bedroom were clean and to a high standard. I travel to London regularly and i would definatly reconsider staying at this hotel again. The location was fantastic, everything was within walking distance. The only thing that dampened my visit was the bad weather. Thanks for such a pleasant stay A*	
Jul 4 2007	Clean quite and friendly place to stay	It is a lovely modern place to stay at a perfect location. Very quiteand peacful with a very helpful and friendly staff. We really enjoyedour stay. It was our second visit in the past eight weeks. the kitchenette is so handy. I highly recommend this hotel to new visitors. And I would definitly stay there again. Thank you guys I will see you some time soon.	
Jun 15 2007 	The Return of the Bed Bugs	As I type this review, my arms are completely and unmercifully covered in bed bug bites that have started to itch only a few hours ago, like having chicken pox in a select part of your body all over again, and a testament to a foul and disgusting discovery made half way through our ten day nightmare stay at the Dylan Hotel. Fortunately for us, we checked out as planned this morning, and now I have the chance to detail the full ten days of inconveniences and headaches, not made any easier by the hotel's unscrupulous owner, whose whole name I shall not post even though I will expose his shady business practices. To begin with, we booked our stay from the 5th of June to the 15th; it was our very first time in London and we were so excited and eager to have a good, relaxing time. From night one, we started to feel some itching on our arms and legs,and we quickly attributed it to the brown quilt they use on the beds - perhaps, we thought, it was the material that made our bodies itchy. Approximately five days passed before my mother found the two biggest, fattest insects lounging on our beds - like we had interrupted their stay rather than the other way around - and we finally realized who the culprits were. They were engorged with blood and we immediately notified management. We will tell you that Daniel, the staff member who is there most of the time, did everything in his capacity to fix the problem, but ultimately it was his boss who failed to follow through. Daniel came down to our family'suite' which was 'cleaned' everyday - even though a quick look beneath the beds revealed the disneyworld version of the land of dustbunnies - and verbatim, these were his words: &quot;Bed bugs.&quot;Now, we, and by we I mean my mother, sister and I, have travelled to other parts of Europe and the US before, and this is definitely a first. Bed bugs. That's NOT what you want to hear and NOT what you want to see. Daniel called an exterminator to spray the room, and since we were momentarily confounded by the discovery, we decided to give them the chance to make it right since, naturally, problems willoccur and we thought they would truly make it better. We left in the morning to let them do their jobs, and came back late in the evening to find the inevitable stench of poisonous spray lingering in the room, so in other words, they didn't even move us to another room. Why we didn't request one to begin with, I don't know - we have tons of luggage and were so wiped out we wouldn't have had the energy to move anyway. The following morning, we found a particularly large bedbug walking happily on mom's pillow, probably tickled by the attempted murder, and another gruesome discovery of bed bug eggs lined up against the upholstery on the head of one of the beds. My sister screamed when she saw mama or papa bed bug emerging from the nest. I mean...euw to the highest degree. YUCK. Up to management we headed, Daniel proposed separating us to two other rooms, we saw the rooms but by that time, you could say the enchantment had worn off and we were absolutely determined to stay at another hotel. Guess what - booking a triple in London in the middle of June at the 11th hour? Not so easy - every phone call ended with a dismal, &quot;Sorry, madam, we are fully booked.&quot; The owner came down that afternoon and to make any already long story short, he basically suggested WE had brought the infestation with us, because he had no way of knowing how they got there, etc. Oh, and for you Australian tourists out there who are reading this, I PARAPHRASE the mister's claim that Australian guests are usually the most unsanitary and not the ideal guests to have in your hotel, or something to that effect. To clarify, we are American, but hearingthe OWNER of the hotel make such an OUTRAGEOUS claim, an unvalidated generalization about an entire nationality, was truly unbelievable. He again reiterated he could move us to two other rooms, one of which has a &quot;spectular&quot; view because of the balcony, and another one that our one time visit made us think captured the essence of the dungeon of london almost exactly. Since we could not find another hotel arrangement, and trust us, we must have called about 50+ hotels, we had no choice but to stay the entirety of the booking. Now for the fun part. I promise you have not read this far in vain.The new room, the owner claimed, was clean. Number one, he hadn't actually seen it yet, had not inspected it, did not know whether or not it was infested. To be honest, I myself did not think the new room was infested because we checked the matteress, a favourite hide out for bed bugs apparently, and didn't see anything at first. By the following morning, however, my arms were covered in bites, and the same goes for my mother. There are some bites in other parts of our bodies but the bugs seemed to have feasted almost entirely on our arms. The hotel owner promised a 2 nights stay compensation whether or not we decided to stay. It wasn't a decision; we had to stay. We paid 110 lbs per night, so by the laws of basic arithmetic, you would think we would have gotten 220 pounds in return, right? Not so. The return was not a pence over 200 pounds and honestly, I could not care less about the money. Nothing could compensate for the discovery and for the owner's sleazy business practices. When we inquired why the full promised amount was not returned, the response we received was that that was all the owner left even though Daniel told him we paid 110 lbs per night. It doesn't matter. What matters is that I had to buy rubbing alcohol, antiseptic, and visit the doctor to make sure we're okay medically, because those buggers can carry disease, etc. My sister got away with the least number of bites; her arms look almost normal. Also, we washed ALL of our clothes, including the ones we hadn't worn, for which we were compensated by Dylan Hotel. What a nicety, huh? My advice to you is quite simple: you can stay at Dylan Hotel and find that the day and night staff are very pleasant and helpful, but DO expect to come away with more than you expected, perhaps a fat bed beg or two on your body and countless bite marks, which the owner will suggest, well, you surely brought with you!Mr. Shyam, I do hope you fumigate that hotel from top to bottom, although we are not sure that will exterminate the ultimate problem: you. While we expect some problems to occur, we also expect that those problems be fixed, and our entire conversation with you only exposed how lacking your business skills are and that you are only interested in cutting corners. Perhaps you need to think your entire business strategy, perhaps one that won't cut out repeat, happy customers.PS We were told that the beds we used in Room 13, the original room we stayed in (hereinafter referred to as &quot;le suite&quot;) would be around for another 10 weeks before they get new furniture. Yes, you can laugh now, or cry, whichever your prefer. The second exterminator that was called in opened the beds and found an entire bed bug community nesting there. Imagine resting your body there, thinking itclean, imagine the foulness of our discovery. And other problems were: they advertise satellite television. We had a grand total of four channels. The television was changed once because the original did not work. By the way, the owner also blamed this on the guests. Again I paraphrase, 'Some guests rewire the television connections, I'm not sure why, but they don't work sometimes.&quot; While this may be true that some guests meander too far, why would you choose to tell us this? Um, ever heard of tact?It really was too much. London was FABULOUS, wonderful, wonderful city. Dylan Hotel? The understatement of the century: not so fabulous.Now we're off to rub some more medicine on our arms. Wish us luck!	
Oct 24 2006 	Great if you like bed bugs!	The hotel looks new and beautiful. It is in a safe neighborhood and the staff is wonderful. The new owner, however, is not. He refused to refund my charges when the room that I was signed up to use for a month was full of bed bugs. He had me make mutiple trips to the laundromat to clean all of my clothes. I was moved out of the infested room to another for only a few days while they sprayed my old one. Of course, it was still infested, only now I had to deal with the toxic fumes of the spray. They moved me again to the next door room, which was also infested and I had to spend the night in the bathroom to avoid the little devils. After that, I had had enough and wanted out. I still had nine days left that I had already paid for. He grumpily paid me back for seven of them. I was forced to find last minute and very expensive hotel rooms for the remainder of my stay. I would highly recommend that you do not use this hotel.	
Sep 6 2006 	Extreme Caution	I recommend extreme caution if considering Dylan House as a place to stay. It can take weeks to get an email response and they have just dropped a booking of mine, even through the request was made weeks ago, just 2 days before international travel. They are very unprofessional and I suggest going elsewhere if professionalism and responsiveness are important to you. Dont get left out in the cold - go elsewhere!	
Jun 10 2006	Totally Remodeled	I first stayed at the Dylan Hotel in 1978 when it was family-owned. Over the years, we probably booked here a dozen times because of several geographic advantages. Most importantly, Devonshire Terrace is a quiet street where one can sleep soundly without loud disturbances. There is a laundromat, pub, and small food shop at one end of the block; and a bustling mini-commercial area with a variety of restaurants, drug, store, doctor, and drycleaner at the other end. Paddington Station/Tube and the Heathrow Express are a 10-12 minute walk, and Hyde Park is just 5-6 minutes away. The hotel got pretty run-down after the Griffiths sold it in the 80's, but the current owners have totally renovated it into an essentially new facility renamed the Dylan House Hotel. Here's the chance to stay in a totally new hotel in a mature, quiet neighborhood. Not being aware of the complete renovation, we stayed elsewhere in June 2006; but having received a tour of the upgrades by manager, Tony, it's time to start booking here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	nicht zu empfehlen		
