Jul 16 2009 	Stay Away From This Hotel	My husband and I stayed for 4 nights at this hotel on a business trip. It was a disaster. Actually we had booked for hotel number 4 or 5, do not remember now, but they made us stay in this one. The room was very small, dirty and old. The breakfast room had only 2-3 tables for 2. On the last day we had to eat in our own room because there was a huge queue for tables. We could have only bread and tea from their breakfast, added our own cheese and had our breakfast. We were afraid to use any kitchen supply in the room because they were very very dirty. The only reason that we did not walk out of this hotel and looked for another one is that the money was charged at once as we entered the hotel without a glance at the room. Certainly I would never stay in this hotel again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Cheap and Nasty.	I needed somewhere cheap to stay for two nights. But cheap doesnot mean dirty and this place is. Small, dark, dingy , dirty room.Furniture which could have come from a skip and edging stripshanging off. Cheap, thin pillows, sheets and towels (clean) butthe blanket looked as if it had not been washed for years, and I didn't dare pull the spare one out of the &quot;wardrobe&quot; Bedsqueezed into a recess with headboard against the window.Draped curtains which were filthy - I kept wondering what might fall out of them onto me during the night. En suite there but  very small and dirty.Kitchenette in a cupboard - fridge. clean but the rest a healthhazard.Dining room squeezed into the understairs space with only fourtables (hardly room for 8 people although they had squeezed in another chair. No tablecloths (which they show in the photo.) and, again, grubby. Certainly not a place to take children!!!Had to go across the road to register - no reception at no. 3 andno staff in evidence except for breakfast time. Certainly wouldnever go there again.	
Mar 2 2007 	Don't do it!	Booked a single for 5 nights on venere, at Exhibition Court 1 (which is across the road from this hotel) and upon arrival was assigned a room in Exhibition Court 3 instead. The room was the most horrific hotel room I have ever stayed in, absolutely filthy, shared facilities (I had booked ensuite) in a dark dungeon-like basement. Couldn't believe that they would even try to ask anyone to stay in this room. I arrived late in the evening, and had to go back across the road to the other hotel (that's where receptionist was) and then to an Internet cafe to print out the description from Venere to show that what they were giving me was not what I booked. No joy, the manager would have to deal with it, and he wouldn't be there until next day. Eventually I got a room in Exhibition Court 1 which is the subject of a seperate review.	
Oct 5 2006 	very poor	I spent 20 minutes checking in coz my reservation was lost, then had to climb four flights of stairs with 8days worth or luggage, including lots of work material.The dust was so thick on the shelves somebody had wrote clean me in it and the toilet still bore the stains of the last guest - not nice!Breakfast on morning one was toast because there was nobody about to cook or get me a knife to pread jam or cup for coffee!Second and third day i had a cooked breakfast...one hard egg, one small sausage, one rasher of bacon and the tiniest portion of beans ever and it didnt even tast good.On the fourth morning I learned that, despite having paid for breakfast, it cost an extra £5 for their &quot;full english&quot; which is a joke!Just had toast again, this time with coffee and jam.Skipped breakfast on the fifth day and I am now wiriting this, still on my fifth day. I will not be paying for my two breakfasts when I check out, not least because I was not informed of the charge.On the good side, the rooms were cleaned daily (although the toilet was not touched until day 3) and clean towels provided every three days.Kitchen facilities are good, very useful, especially the fridge for milk and cold drinks and the kettle.The location was good, on the same road as the nearest tube and only a short walk for supermarket/newsagents/restaurants(i recommend 'as greek as it gets') and a few barsOverall, this was not good value for money at all. If anybody is on that much of a budget I recommend www. studenz. comTheir hotels are not luxurious but also not as bad as this hotel and they are cheaper with better locations as well (but be warned that eaton house has the same problem of four flights of stairs and no lif so if you have a lot of luggage avoid this like the plague!)	
Oct 3 2006 	Do we get what we pay for?!	Myself and my mother took my son to 'see the sights' for his birthday and were very surprised that we could get a room for three, for 3 nights so cheaply! However on arrival we understod why...four flights of stairs, dusty rooms and over all pretty run down. Breakfast was poor...infact we cooked our own on the one morning. But it wasn't all gloom and doom, the place was warm, the beds clean, the mini kitchen in the room was very handy and it was cheap...lets face it, we went to see London. Don't expect luxery, this is a place for those who dont intend to spend much time in their room...a cheap base from which to explore!	
Jun 12 2006	Dirty shabby 	We stayed at this 'hotel' for four nights. My first impression was that it was dirty, shabby and in need of a good clean and re-decoration. The room was tiny, not a room at all more a a section of corridor, with just room for a bed. The furniture, such as it was, appeared to be sourced from skips. The shower wasn't working properly, you risked being scalded as the temperature gauge wasn't working properly. I didn't dare look at the mattress as I am sure, judging from the rest of the room, that it was filthy. There was no iron, although one was provided when I requested it. When we went down to the dining room on the first day we were told that we couldn't get any breakfast as we were too late even though it was before the time we had been told at the desk. On a subsequent day we were told that we shouldn't get breakfast at all as we were self catering. The rooms were paper thin and we could hear it every time a tap was turned on, etc. I would have left straightaway but for the fact that they had my credit card details and would have charged us anyway plus the fact that we didn't want to waste the few days we had on looking for accommodation. I would advise anyone booking a hotel to avoid this place like the plague. I am surprised that it passes the regulations needed for providing accommodation (if there are any!). We felt totally taken in and unable to do anything about it.	
Oct 25 2005	Do not stay at this property - no matter what!!!!!!	I am writing this review to warn all those impending London travellers NOT TO BOOK THIS PROPERTY. It was the smallest, most disguisting room I have ever had the misfortune of staying in. We had nowhere to place our luggage except on our beds or in the small walkway between the entrance door and crappy bathroom. What concerned me most was that if there was a fire while we slept, we would have died trying to get out with our suitcases being in the way. Reception staff were totally useless. There was no reception desk at this property, you had to play chicken with busy Warwick Road to obtain assistance from Exhibition Court 2 across the road. The shower was not attached to the wall and no matter how many times we asked, no one could get a simple screwdriver to attach this. Their excuse was that a plumber didnt work on weekends. When we tried to shower, water went absolutely everywhere. The bathroom floor will cave in soon due to all the water seeping under the crappy lino. My husband had to shave using a kitchen pot as there wasn’t even a bath plug. Silicone was used to patch up everything from a broken toilet cistern to being 8cm thick around the bathtub alone. A garden view is of overgrown weeds and shrubs with rubbish bags and junk piling up outside. When the room was serviced on our last day, they forgot our replacement bath towells. Even if the rooms were free, do not stay here. This is no exaggeration. It will definitely ruin your London experience. London accommodation may not be great value for money, but for the price, this was just beyond a joke and definitely sub-standard.	
Apr 12 2005	Not as nice as it sounds	I stayed at the EC 3 in March 05. Be warned that these hotels are not the bargin of the century. They are cheaper lower quality hotels. Warwick road is very busy and rooms facing the street get a lot of noise. Our room was very basic and semi-shabby with lots of dings in the walls. The room was long but was not wide enough for the bed. The kitchette was bare-bones and well worn. The breakfast &quot;room&quot; was a small hall in the basement. The standard breakfast consisted of toast (with butter and jam) coffee, OJ, and tired corn flakes--and that's it. An English breakfast was L5 more for ham, scary sausage, egg, and beans which was thrown in for our on-line reservation but difficult to get from the staff.	
Aug 24 2004	Mouse Trap in London	I have been there for 3 nights in June. The room was tiny, the bathroom was so smal you can move (the basin was so small that if you wash your face, you washed your feet too...).Even though we had full breakfast included, the girl who served breakfast in a tragically small room wanted to serve us only continental because there was an error on her list (and she doesn't speak or understand english so well).Next time I'll go to a Formula 1 hotel: it's cheaper and I know before what I'm encountering!	
Jun 1 2004	Chernobyl Dump Trap	Hotels gives this place 3 stars. I am intrigued on what a 2 star may look like, or where I could possibly find a 1 star (besides in Kabul). This hotel may offer &quot;new&quot; ammenaties but it was put together by a pre-cold war Russian peasant with no instructions. The shower door did not fit the shower and thus leaked water all over the place. The toilet was conviently located under the sink so you had to sit sideways or pee at an angle to avoid peeing on the floor. The walls were made out of painted cardboard thus letting you hear each and every intimate detail of your neighbors phone calls and loud ebola/SARS coughing at 3am. A true winner!!!	
May 23 2004	Never again!	I was down in london for 2 nights on a training course and booked through the web. upon arrivial, a young man told me I was in Exhibition Court 2 and should go a little further to Exhibition Court 4 where I was booked in. The directions were wrong, and I wandered off track for 15 minutes with my bags. I finally found No. 4 only to be told to check in at No.3 The same young man was on reception at 3 but pretended that he did not recognise me! The owner told me that I was to be in no. 3 as the no. 4 had plumbing problems despite me watching him led a party of 4 to No. 4!The room smelt of smoke, despite me booking a non-smoking room. granted that the room was quite tidy and the toilet ok. but the room was badly ventilated and hard to sleep in, the tv was very high up in the wall, and you had to stand on a chair to change channels. on the 1st night the lock on the door did not work so I slept with a chair tilt against it. Breakfast was a joke as the Polish waitress did not understand orders, and the coffee machine was broken. When I complained about the service, the owner told me that I was late for breakfast! I was down each morning at 7.45am. I will never ever stay there again, worse 2 nights of my life!	
Apr 1 2004	Stay away from this place!	I booked an executive suite through whotif.com for accommodation for myself, my mother and 3 year old daughter for 4 nights in Feb 2004. Upon arrival we were told our room wasn't ready and we needed to wait 1/2 hour which we did. Then we were told it was still not ready and to come back later. we wanted to shower and freshenen up, finally they agreed to allow us to use the showers only to find there were no clean towels in the entire hotel. We were given a room on the 4th floor and with no lift transporting our bags with a child was extremely difficult.Our room was supposed to have a bath which it did not only a shower which would clog up all the time. The rollaway we were promosed did not fit in the room and I was forced to be separated in another single room downstairs.Curtains are ripped, lamps are broken, musty smelling, dilapidated bathrooms, external doors did not lock and breakfast left alot to be desired. Management was extremely unhelpful and I am still awaiting a full refund as they falsely advertised their hotel on the website. I advise anyone who wants a hassle free holiday to steer clear of this place!!!!	
