Nov 20 2009 	Positive Weekend Break	This Hotel is very well run. There are fresh towels etc. daily; the room is cleaned each day and beds fully made up.Though rooms may be a bit small never-the-less they are more than adequate for a short stay.The staff are very friendly from reception to catering.The hotel is conveniently located with easy access to Paddington rail/tube station and food outlets.I stay there regularly and can recommend the Mitre House Hotel.	
Nov 16 2009 	Would never stay here again!!!!	From the outside the hotel looks nice, especially in the dark when it is lit up with a sort of green light.The inside was dated and in much need of modernisation. On arriving at our room we found it to be very small and very old fashioned with no tea or coffee making facilities.The bedding was old and worn looking and the champagne coloured bathroon and brownish tiles were like a flash back from my grandparents house from when I was a child.My partner had booked us a romantic break to propose and at no fault of his own did not think to read reviews on the hotel.Thankfully we did not spend that much time in the hotel, only to sleep. The bedroom did not have double glazing and sirens and street noise woke us up throughout the night.At breakfast we decided to have an English breakfast hoping it would fill us up for the day.There were far to many staff in the wierd old people smelling restaurant (if you can call it a restaurant) and they spoke poor English.For breakfast there were around 6 other diners with over 8 staff in the restaurant hovering around us while we ate and one woman even stood against the wall by where we ate for ages and made us feel very awkward.The breakfast that we thought could have filled us was an over cooked small peice of bacon , a cremated sausge and an egg that could have been reheated from the day before(in fact it could have all have been heated back up from the day before), it was all very greasy and my fiancee had a bad stomach all day after it.To top it off we had toast with out breakfast and as I was eating it and still had another piece left to eat, the woman who had been hovering came and took my plate from under me while I was still in the middle of eating!!! Can you believe that. I said &quot; excuse me Im still eating&quot; she still had my plate in her hand and looked at me confused. I said it again and pointed to my food, she still didnt give me my plate back so my fiancee had to more or less shout at her to get her to understand I was still eating and still had a peice of toast left!!Please read the reviews on this hotel, and do not stay there unless you have no option but to sleep on the street for the night!!!Would not advise anyone to stay here!!!!	
Nov 7 2009 	Have stayed here twice before but disappointed on third stay	My husband and I stayed here most recently in October 2009. Our room on this occasion was facing in towards a back alley, so seemed dark and dingy, on previous stays we had a room overlooking a small park. There were a couple of cigarette burn marks on the bedspread and the &quot;complimentary&quot; matches were nearly all used (neither of us are smokers). On one occasion the manager was berating one of the night staff for not having sold any drinks in the bar on 2 nights - whilst he wasn't shouting at the young lady he certainly was loud and was conducting this reprimand at the front desk - not very professional! Location remains best drawcard of this hotel but it needs a makeover. The breakfast staff are polite and very efficient.	
Sep 2 2009 	Extremely pleasant and good value.	After a long flight into heathrow, weighed down by bags and children, it was such a relief that the Mitre hotel was right next to the heathrow express exit at paddington. It took about 30 mins from collecting our baggage at the airport to being taken care of at the hotel.The hotel was extremely clean and handily located for seeing the sites and the park is great for the kids, who easily get bored going from shop to shop. The only down side was that the breakfast was heavy, a full English and the dining area was in a basement with no light.	
Jul 18 2009 	Don't trust all the reviews here. The hotel that made me stop believing review averages.	We stayed in this hotel after checking reviews on Skoosh &amp; Trip Advisor. We were stuck unexpectedly for one night in London &amp; couldn't really stay with friends due to awkward timing for flights. The location is indeed great if you have bags &amp; are using Paddington station, but there are LOTS of hotels in the area. If this happens again I will try the EasyJet Hotel. When we got there late at night the desk had our reservation, but asked if we'd been there before &amp; looked at us as if we were crazy. We were at the end of a long corridor past several stairs. Only our last stairway reeked of pot &amp; smoke, so maybe the other rooms are better. It was a cold night in June &amp; they did not turn the heat on, so we froze. The TV worked OK but the wireless internet didn't reach our room (though it worked in the restaurant in the morning.) The breakfast was basic. There were a lot of ordinary people there looking slightly freaked out -- I guess a lot of foreign tourists wondering if this was what London was really like.The one good thing (for a cheapish London hotel) was the shower, which really worked well (decent water force) and there was even an envelope of shampoo, not just shower gel.	
Jun 25 2009 	Decent budget hotel with free parking	We were on transit in London for an overnight stay before heading home to Australia and we had hired a car and needed somewhere to stay that would allow us to park our car. We were pleasantly surprised by how convenient the hotel was and they allowed us to park our car there all day if we wanted to leave and do a bit of shopping or walking around London.The staff were friendly although the rooms were a little disappointing. They were clean but dated. It definitely did not look like the hotel photos. We had room 207 which was a quad room, which had 2 single beds and a double bed, more than adequate for my family of 4. Unfortunately we had a shower screen that did not screen the water very well and after one shower, the whole bathroom was wet.One good thing was that although we needed to check out early, they were happy to store our luggage for us, if we needed them to.In saying this, I would be happy to return to this hotel again.	
Jun 14 2009 	OK - but very noisy	Room was nothing great - small but comfortable. But they had us in room 204 which overlooked the street and it was so noisy from the traffic that we could not sleep at night. We ended up getting some earplugs it was so bad. Even at 11:00 at night, there was a constant stream of cars on the street! Location is convenient, plenty of sites nearby. I would not stay hear again solely due to the noise from the street traffic	
Jun 8 2009 	Clean cosy and good value	Just came back from London after 2 nights in the Mitre House. We arrived very late at night but the staff took note of this and were expecting us. The room itself was small but comfortable; it doesn't appear to be possible to book a non-smoking room though, that was a bit unfortunate. Shower/bathroom generally were fine, LCD TV on the wall had a wide selection of channels but no tea/coffee making facilities (this might be standard in London, I'm not sure).Breakfast in the basement (you descend via a very slow lift with wall-to-floor carpeting) was pleasant enough, it is a bit small (one sausage, one piece of bacon, one egg and beans) but cooked well. They ran out of sausages half an hour before end of breakfast on our second morning, a bit odd considering they were only giving one per diner!We didn't check out the bar but generally the decor in the Mitre House was dated but well-maintained. The attention to cleanliness is obvious throughout and the hotel itself is located very close to Paddington tube &amp; mainline train station. Not the easiest hotel to get from Stansted Airport (over 1 hour on £19 &quot;express&quot; train and another 20-30 minute cab ride, £22 as the Tube was closed when we got there) but for Heathrow, it'd be good. Plus the area generally is quite nice, appears residential but in fact full of hotels like the Mitre!	
Jun 7 2009 	This is a one star no frills budget hotel.	The room is small, dull, colorless and stuffy. The bed covers are old and faded. The pillows ranged from very flat and limp to very old and lumpy. The drinking glasses were not clean. The English breakfast was poorly cooked and uninspired. Some of the staff were not friendly. The toilet did not always flush, even after reporting this problem 3 days in a row.The elevator and hallways have a musty smell.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent buy for money	I didn't expect much for the very low price and I chose it for its location which is walking distance from Paddington Station (direct train to Heathrow) and also Hyde Park and several museums. I was very pleasantly surprised. The staff was very nice and they said my room was the best they had which meant it had two windows that could be opened to air it out and cool it off. The room was quite simple with two twin beds, a couple of chairs, a wardrobe and a small bathroom with a shower over the sink. A tiny soap was renewed each day. But the hotel had several lobbies and a bar and a very nice breakfast room in the basement that served an included full English breakfast every day--one fried egg, tomato or beans, streaky bacon, sausage toast and if you wanted it dry or hot cereal and coffee or tea and juice. Few hotels do that any more. We walked nearly everywhere but both buses and several subway lines serve Paddington station and the neighborhood was full of inexpensive restaurants. This is a basic hotel but much better than most and I would stay here again.	
Jun 4 2009 	Sort of a disappointment... and misleading photos	Well, we did not expect much arriving at the hotel, though I can assure you the photos povided are a bit misleading. In fact, the rooms are not that good looking, and because of the fact that we had a discount, we were given a room at the back side of the hotel, with no view whatsoever.I believe we could deal with everything else, had the staff been pleasant and polite. The male receptionist had a hideous ironic smile on his face, as if we were the poor and downtrodden tourists.Yocan find better hotels...for sure!	
Feb 23 2009 	Great Location	Great hotel and location for the money. A little shabby but everything was clean and the front desk staff was helpful. Picked it because it was a couple of blocks from the Paddington Underground station, which made it easy to get there from Heathrow and to travel the underground around London. Nice neighborhood...walk to Hyde Park. Great value. Stayed in Piccadilly Circus lasted time I was in London and definitely liked Paddington area. A little more residential and not as busy as Piccadilly but easily accessible to all the spots you want to see.	
Jan 2 2009	Family run hotel with excellent access to Central London	Stayed in the hotel for 5 days with my wife and 7 month baby. Room was very clean and good sized compared to other hotels in the area. The staff friendly and helpfull. Excellent English Breakfast served by friently staff.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in the Central London Area. Extremely convenient for shopping / Museums / Theatres and parking facilities if you have a car with you.	
Nov 11 2008 	Be Careful what you Pay	We paid hotel rate of 95pounds based on a review which described it as a friendly family run hotel. We don't mind staying in small rooms, possibly a bit run down as long as they are clean. This hotel was in fact particularly clean, and very handy to London transport. However it is in much need of simple maintenance: our vanity had no doors, surfaces in the bathroom had been siliconed roughly and were lifting and although we booked a non smoking room (you can't we found out) it didn't smell smoky - it absolutely reeked of it. The greeting we got on arrival after a long flight was downright unfriendly, although later we found one of the reception staff was very pleasant. One seemed incapable of speech. Breakfast was fine, and a nice thing to have thrown in with the tarriff.We could live with all off the niggling little problems with this hotel - except being treated by one receptionist like homeless people being given a favour by allowing us to stay. So, the message from us is &quot;Don't pay over the odds' like we did. Otherwise stay there, ignore the small deficeincies and rudeness from some, and enjoy the hearty breakfast. Subsequent experiences with other hotels were refreshingly pleasant.	
Nov 2 2008 	Good budget accommodations	This was our first trip to London (vacation was great--hope to go back soon!), and I discovered that accommodations in London can be pretty pricey. I found the Mitre House Hotel on some London website for about 85 pounds, which was comparatively reasonable. The location is perfect--very quiet area around Paddington with lots of decent restaurants. The reception staff was very friendly. We were on the 4th floor and since my husband had recent knee surgery, we were grateful for the elevator, even if it was a little slow. The room was not big, but just fine for the two of us--very clean. The bathroom was also very clean and everything worked fine. When I booked the room, I didn't realize we would get breakfast, so we were pleasantly surprised about that. Nice English breakfast and the servers were friendly and efficient. Didn't get a chance to see any of the other rooms, but ours was good. Would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	Nice budget hotel	When searching for a hotel in London for the planned visit I was scared by the terrible reviews I've found about budget hotels.I've came across Mitre House and this was the most well reviewed and still within my budget. Better than some more expensive ones.So I was a little apprehensive when I checked in. But my apprehension disappeared as soon I've seen the room. Although not very big, was very clean and pleasant.The beds were comfortable. The bathroom, although small and not the most modern, was clean and fully functional. No smells.It was a quad room. 2 single and 1 double beds. It had an LCD TV, phone and radio. It was on the ground floor, next to the bar, but it had double doors, so I was not disturbed by any noise.The staff was gentle, specially the people assisting the breakfast. I've found the reception staff very neutral, but correct.The breakfast (included) had limited choice, but it had all what is needed for those who prefer English or continental. As said before, the staff here was very nice. Perfect.The hotel is perfectly located. Within a walking distance from Paddington Railway and Subway Stations.I can say that the stay in this hotel helped make my visit to London a good experience.	
Jun 3 2008 	Friendly clean good located but a litle outdated room	The hotel room was a litle bit outdated, was living at the first flor, at room 108, small room, but clean, toilet and shower in room . the room are and located beheind the lift, but that was not a problem, no noice from the lift. The room was clean, the staff was Friendly, and breakfast was good, and was served at your table, very fast. Hotel is located in a short walk from Paddington Tupe station (5 min.) bus 15 and 23 from Picadelly was also uppersite the station. Bus 23 are also going to Portebello Road. With the tube from hotel to Heathrow only 55 min. some eating places in a very short walk from the hotel. I think there was about 20 places in 5 min. walk. Price DKK. 845,- = 81£. incl. breakfast Would definately returnKim	
Apr 18 2008	Friendly clean 	The hotel may be somewhat dated but it is clean, the staff are very helpful and friendly and the location is ideal for tube, train, bus and of course Hyde Park for that evening stroll and 'wind down' before dinner at the varied choice of 'eateries' on the door step. Travelling with my family and handicapped son, the hotel's lift was a neccessity although the four steps at the front are a problem without help. Otherwise our family suite (consisting a double &amp; twin roon plus en-suite facilities), whilst not hugely spacious (who spends much time in their room in a London hotel anyway) was very clean, tidy and comfortable as well as reasonably priced for London W2. 20 mins from the City and 30 mins from Heathrow with buses to SE London and the much of Greater London; all within 3 mins walk. All of the above make The Mitre House Hotel an ideal choice for business or leisure without blowing the family bugdet or raising the bosses eyebrows over the expense account. Would definately return.	
Feb 29 2008 	Convenient and very clean	First of all I must stress that we got an online deal making it £65 a night, so the review is based on that rather than the hotels own rate which I wouldnt personally be happy paying. For that price we got free parking (dont underestimate how valuable that is in central london) a very very clean room, infact they even came in and changed the sheets for the second night of our stay and shower room/w.c attached. The hotel is very close to Lancaster gate tube and Hyde Park and set back off road slightly so traffic noise wasnt a problem for us. That said the cooked breakfast was fairly inedible, though the staff serving couldnt have been more helpful. Also i think it's fair to mention that the decor is dated and the hotels website is somewhat misleading in its presentation of the rooms, the photos on this site are much more representative. Finally do be aware the walls are really thin and if you are unlucky enough to be next to noisey guests this could be a real problem. Overall for £65 per night worth it for parking and location.	
Jan 22 2008	Suited my needs perfectly	I was very pleased by this hotel, which is a 3 minute walk from the Paddington tube station and Heathrow Express. My single room was small but very clean, and although the bed was not too comfortable, it is comparable to what one would find in a budget hotel anywhere. The staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast at the hotel was very good, and set me up for a full day of sightseeing. The location is perfect, since the tube will get you anywhere in London in a matter of minutes. Buses are also available by the tube stop. I would recommend the hotel to anyone who is looking for an inexpensive place to stay, and who will not be spending a lot of time in the hotel.	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice place	We stayed at the Mitre House Hotel for 6 nights and were very happy with it. Our twin room was small but very clean and warm. The staff was very friendly. Breakfast was also good. The hotel has an excellent location close to both Paddington and Lancaster Gate underground stations which made it easy to get around the city. The only bad thing to say about our stay were loud Spanish people staying in the room next to ours. :-)After reading some of the reviews of this hotel here, we don't really understand what people are complaining about. For the price we paid we thought this was a good hotel.	
Dec 31 2007 	Small room but good location	We got a room at the Mitre House for the first week of Dec. 2007 while touring London. It was a good location ... only 2 blocks from Paddington Station (which is a 15-minute ride to Heathrow via the Heathrow Express) and also close to the Lancaster Gate tube station. A short walk to Hyde Park. The room was very small by American standards but probably typical for a budget hotel in London. Decor was quite dated and a little dreary and the window rattled in the wind but the bathroom was adequate and the room was kept very clean. Bed not real comfy but OK. Satellite TV with a few channels (not much to watch on British TV anyway!). The rack rate listed in the lobby was 90 pounds (about $180 at the time) ... we got it for about $160 including tax through Orbitz. The breakfast was great! - juice, egg, bacon, sausage, toast, coffee and very delicious porridge if you ask for it, all served by the friendly girls who work at the hotel. This same breakfast was advertised for 5 pounds ($10) at local cafes, so figure that in your cost. Not a bad place overall but don't go here if you're looking for glamour, a big poufy bed and a fabulous view. Go for the breakfast and convenient location.	
Nov 30 2007 	Good	I spent two nights at this hotel. The room and the bathroom were clean and large enough. The location (Tube station: Paddington) excellent for going everywhere and the area is quit and nice.	
Nov 10 2007	Good value	I stayed in the hotel for 3 nights with my 1 year old daughter in a single room, and was very pleased indeed. The staff were welcoming, and helpful. The girls in the breakfastroom were cheerful, and the service was fast, they quickly got a highchair for my baby, and the food was on the table in no-time. Receptionstaff very helpful and cheerful also! The room was tiny,but it worked out just fine. I have no negative comments at all! Very clean and met all my expectations to that rate. Will definitely be back!	
Oct 31 2007	Very dated shabby and noisy.....	Cheap and not Cheerful. Room was spotlessly clean, however very dated and extremely noisy - could clearly hear the televisions either side of us each with a different channel. Lots of noise from the road, and no double glazing. Could hear all the plumbing starting up from about 6 am in the morning. No tea and coffee facilities in the room. Don't expect too much from breakfast, limited and no choice to interchange items. Felt that the whole hotel has been sadly neglected and desperately needs a complete overhaul to bring it into the 21st Century.	
Oct 27 2007 	A bed and little else.	The room was very small at the end of a hallway. We heard the stair traffic from the nearby door - each time it would close, our windows would rattle. At 5:30 each morning we would get the grease smells in from the kitchen and we could hear the plumbing from the room above us. There is no coffee provided ensuite. We had to ask for the TV remote and a hair dryer. We were only given 3 very thin towels in the bathroom - no face cloths or hand towels. The gentleman at the desk was surly and abrupt. We terminated our stay early and moved to another nearby hotel.	
Sep 9 2007 	Very Friendly helpfull staff	We ( 2 female friends) booked through a web agent, for one night , 8th sept. The agents booking confirmation to me stated '1 twin room' . On arrival at the hotel the receptionist advised us the booking was for a double room and showed me the agency copy to them, it clearly stated 'double'.The hotel was VERY busy and the receptionist could not offer a twin room but asked us to take a seat and wait for her colleague.The second lady advised us that there were no twins available and asked us to wait again whilst she tried to sort something out.A little later we were advised that it was 'sort of sorted' We were then given a small twin room but it was clean and adequate for 1 night. Much praise to the two ladies concerned for sorting out a problem that was not of the hotels making...The breakfast staff were very friendly and efficient and we would stay here again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Mitre House Rocks	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Mitre House for a long wekend and thought it was great. Now, we were not expecting the Four Seasons and did not get the Four Seasons. We were looking for a CLEAN place in a safe location: We Got It!Rooms: SMALL but CLEANSERVICE: Good, we weren't looking for white glove treatment. Staff was courteous and attentive. Front desk was helpful. Location: Excellent, very close to Underground and walk to Park. Price: OutstandingBottom Line: We went to London to see London, not a Hotel Room. Most of the time we spent at the Hotel we were asleep or just returning from or going to London Attractions. The place was perfect. If you want 5 star service, luxurious rooms, 24 hour room service, stay away. If you want an affordable place to crash, you got it.	
Aug 28 2007 	Good location terrible service!	We visited London for our first time for the bank holiday weekend. As well as my girlfriend and myself staying ina double room my mum, dad &amp; sister stayed in the family room.On arrival we were pleased that there was parking available as we arrived at 1.00pm. It was soon to become apparent why. Checking in was no problem wih a polite english lady. However, the rest of the staff were extremly rude and arrogant especially the man with blond hair. The bar is located behind the reception so he could clearly see that we were walking in their but still had to shout through for attention. His whole attitude was disgusting and if my mum was not with me i may have dragged him over the bar and gave him what for. During our stay i only saw a very small amount of people staying there. As i have studied tourism management at university it is hard to comprehend why hoteliers are letting these foriegn workers run the front desk with no experience or communication skills.Even though it was a good location i would not reccommend this hotel to anybody. We saw a dozen other small hotels on the same road which my be worth while. But this hotel is certainly not.	
Aug 6 2007 	Good location but.	We stayed here for 6 nights in a family suite. this consisted of two bedrooms. One with a double bed and one with two singles sharing a bathroom.the location near paddington station is ideal to access the underground and the heathrow express, (one of the main reasons for choosing this hotel).The rooms although small were adequate for the three of us.A fridge would have been handy to keep drinks cool as it was rainy and humid throughout our stay.We found the reception staff very concerned with security and we had to leave our key with them everytime we left the hotel.this caused problems because my son was queried who he was everytime he entered the front door.It would have been better to offer us a key for each person staying in the room.The included breakfast was the typical English variety ie egg sausage bacon toast etc.No choice was offered how you liked it cooked or if you wanted another cereal besides cornflakes, which was the only cereal on offer. So I rate the breakfast as mediocre. The staff are mostly of eastern European origin and their English language skills are only poor. This made it difficult to communicate a desire for anything outside the normal offering they wanted to serve you.The hotel has a bar connected to the reception area. Even though it was summer season it did not get much support from patrons, I never saw another resident drink there.The reception staff had to serve in the bar as well as serve at reception. They couldn't change a twenty pound note and had to run next door to get change.I think this hotel is typical of the endemic attitude of English hoteliers that they belive they are offering good value for money, but are relying on overseas visitors who have no choice but to pay their steep prices.This is supported by the numbers of locals who holiday on the continent and asia looking for value rather than vacationing at home.All in all this hotel is in a great location let down by indifferent staff and management.	
Aug 1 2007 	Not large but clean comfortable convenient friendly	We stayed at the Mitre House Hotel for eight nights in June 2007. We weren't looking for American room sizes, but something clean and comfortable on a local scale. This is what we found. We were out every day so the small size of the room didn't matter so much as a comfortable bed, good clean bathroom, working internet access, breakfast and easy access to the Tube.Paddington station (2-3 blocks away) also has the rail system to Heathrow Airport, so you save cabfare between hotel and airport, or any other train ride out of London. The hotel's street itself is tree-lined and genteel.English breakfast IMHO is nothing to write home about, but we got to meet some actual vacationing British as well as New Zealanders at the table. All languages are heard here, as in London generally.We also got very friendly, accommodating staff.	
Jul 6 2007 	rubbish!!	mitre house hotel has to be the worst hotel i have EVER stayed in , we found hairs and cigarette holes all over the bedding. when we first arrived the standard was poor , we had to change rooms instantly as ther was a foul stench lingering in the room. The second room we went in the flooring outside was slanted , the window had moulld on it. There pictures on the website were totally misleading and i was disgusted that they showed a picture of a lion , this had no relevance to the hotel, the ' bar ' , in quotes was a plank of wood with a few chairs. well to conclude i think this has to be by far the worst hoteling experiance of my entire life!!!!!un happy person that stayed in hotel	
Jul 5 2007 	Misleading website!	I went to this hotel just for an overnight stay during a visit to london. We were impressed by the 'impressive photos' on the website and found the price quite reasonable for the hotel and its location. However, when we arrived that was a different story. The whole place looked as though it just needed a good upgrade and just looked so dated. We changed rooms because the first one was just so dingy looking and the bedding was covered in cigarette stub holes and my brother even found random hairs in the bed. The bathroom was awful, again dated. The second room was a bit better with more light but the bathroom was the same. We wanted to leave and try and find somewhere else to stay but there was not much we could do as the refund process seemed too long winded. Overall i definately wouldn't recommend this place if you have high standards and another thing is, don't fall for the misleading images on the website and the nonsense about it being one of the best 2 stars around.	
Jun 19 2007	It worked for us!	Our family (my husband, myself, and two adult sons) recently stayed at the Mitre House for a week during a recent visit to London. While the rooms were nothing to write home about--rather small, at least by US standards, with lackluster decoration--the property worked well for our stay. The price couldn't be beat--125 GBP per night for a family suite (one double-bedded room and one twin-bedded room sharing a bathroom), with a full breakfast each morning included. The rooms were clean. The hotel felt safe. The staff was friendly and helpful. It was two and a half blocks from Paddington Station and about three blocks from the Lancaster Gate tube stop, so getting out and about was easy, even when we were carrying our luggage. And there were several decent pubs in the area--Sawyer's, the Dickens Tavern, and the Swan--plus a pretty decent fish and chips place around the corner.Unless I were planning to return to London in mid-summer (when I wilt and get cranky without air conditioning, which, unfortunately, the Mitre doesn't seem to have), I'd definitely plan to stay there again.	
May 22 2007 	Very good choice...	I stayed there for four nights. The hotel is very close to Paddington Station (2-3 minutes walk). Is very clean and the service is very good. The breakfast is traditional English, (bacon, eggs,sausage, beans, toast, coffee, milk, cornflakes and orange juice). The only disavantage is that the rooms are tiny.	
May 13 2007 	Good Family Hotel	Good value for a family of four.100 pounds including breakfast.Close to restaurants and Paddington station	
Apr 8 2007 	Good Hotel for the price	Mitre house has a great convenient location, from the airport and tube stations, tons of places to eat in the area. The hotel room was small, but was cozy not uncomfortable in size. The mattresses were not very comfortable that would be the only downfall. The shower and toilet were suitable rooms were always cleaned well. This hotel is not swanky but has a really nice personnel and you get free coffee which was actually good, and you can get a beer in the lobby in the evening. We arrived early before check in and we checked our bags and was offered a hot cup of coffee it was just what we needed. The english breakfast is complimentary and is really good too, the wait staff was fast and friendly. For a convenient and well priced hotel in the heart of paddington with complimentary breakfast and friendly staff for this price its a good deal.	
Mar 25 2007 	stay away	What a mistake we made for booking this over priced budge hotel. As the owner of this hotel told us we made a mistake on the reservation so we had to pay for it. Yes, once you paid for your reservation and risk loss all of it if you walk away, you are at mercy of their greedy. We were told we had to upgrade to account for an additional person because of a young child. We had no problem for paying the difference between the list price of the room we booked and the room upgraded to. But the owner demanded us to pay the difference between the list price of upgraded room and the payment they received from the travel agent (which they claim to be low). We ended up paying 120% of the full list price of the upgraded room including their cost of doing business with online booking agency.We stayed at the Mitre House Hotel for five nights. They put us in a smoking room in the basement with poor sound insulation. The bed was hard, and you can feel the string. There is small TV with no remote control. The included English full breakfast served only from 7:30-9:00 am with same limited selection every day. No fruit served at the breakfast. Don’t expect the same service from this place as a US-based three-star hotel/motel. We had bad experience with this hotel. Avoid that happens to you, Stay away.	
Mar 19 2007	Clean and great location	4 of us just stayed at this hotel in a suite. After visiting London a few times I can tell you that you get your money's worth at this hotel. Around the corner from Paddington underground station it is a convenient location. With a great restaurant (Ask) around the corner and an internet cafe around the other corner. (It also has WIFI if you bring your laptop.) Hyde Park is just a couple blocks away. Desk staff were friendly and helpful when we had questions. Would definately stay here again. Breakfast was not sensational but a greatway to start the morning. Breakfast staff and room cleanup crew were great.	
Mar 11 2007 	Nothing really bad to say about it...	The room wasn't so big (we had one room with a double bed) but that didn't bother us, we just slept there, didn't spend our days in there. There wasn't any noice from outside, it wasn't too cold / hot etc. So basicly all was good. Breakfast wasn't really anything special. But still you got your day started with it. Service at the reception was good, nothing bad to say about that. And room was always cleaned upp well enough. Overall we did enjoy our time at Mitre House. Especially the great location made it perfect! But honestly speaking; as the hotel was on this kind of &quot;hotel strteet&quot; we don't really know was it any better / worse from the rest of the hotels there... But at least we know that we can cladly stay there for another time also. :)	
Feb 27 2007	Clean and spare	First, the good news. Cleanliness, fantastic location for public transportation, safe neighborhood, secure premises and comfy beds. I asked for and received a quiet room at the back of the hotel. Bad news. Bar and public lounge reek of smoke - perhaps the July 2007 Smoke-Free Britain will help. Lounge, bar, breakfast room and my room had no ambiance and lighting is dreadful. An overhaul to add cheer and decent lighting is necessary. Most of my time - like all travellers - is spent enjoying the city, however, when returning for downtime or an early evening, esthetics do matter.Staff helpfulness is mixed. Day staff - Katya and her son were lovely.	
Feb 5 2007	Basic hotel	This is my second time staying at the Mitre. The first time I stayed there, I got a very small double room on the ground floor. There was hardly enough space to put my luggage anywhere. The room was just big enough to fit a double bed, a small bedside table, a small cupboard and a TV on top of a narrow shelf.This time ard, my boyfriend and I got a triple room (I think they ran out of doubles) and it was more spacious only because there was an extra bed in the room. I used the single bed to put my luggage as well as my shopping bags. The heater in the room didn't seem to work very well and the bathroom was considerably warmer than the bedroom. It was alright for the first night, however, the second night was much colder and we did not sleep as well. We didn't get to try the breakfast (included in the room rate) as they stop serving breakfast by 9am. Location wise, Mitre is just down the road from Paddington station so it's convenient if you're coming into London by train. The cafe just next to Mitre called Nahar is highly recommended for Malaysian food. Probably would stay again in warmer weather and only for a night or two.	
Dec 24 2006 	Great Location	Don't be deceived by the ghostly green lights if you see the hotel after dark. It's a great place to stay with clean and well-kept rooms, even though it may be a bit small for 3 pax. Breakfast is great, especially for those with great appetites. Cosy reception, manned by efficient and knowledgeable staff. The hotel come with adequate basic amenities, including 24-hour availability of tea and coffee at the bar upon request. Location is excellent, being near the Paddington train station and tube. Also within walking distance to Kensington and Hyde Parks.	
Dec 7 2006	What a place what a fantastic staff !!	One of the best hotels I ever stayed in. Real value for money. Especially the manager (Chris or Mr. Chris?) was very helpful. Will certainly visit again when in London! Gave me a lovely dairy on top of all the +++++++'s Thanks !!! Will recommend my Dutch relatives when they are over.	
Nov 20 2006 	Good value for London	We stayed 3 nights at the hotel. The rooms were simple and the decor dated, but it was still comfortable. The rooms were clean, and the breakfast was filling (bacon/sausage/eggs/porridge on request, with toast, juice and tea). The hotel is located about 5 minutes from several Underground lines, and there are several restaurants nearby. It is on a quiet street, and we were not bothered at all by road noise. It was overall a decent value for London, but would be considered a fairly run-down hotel by the States standards. There are numerous other hotels along the same street that may offer comparable rates.	
Oct 10 2006 	Handy location	Based on web site, and reviews booked a five day stay in a &quot;family room&quot; for ourselves and two children (11 &amp; 8).The family accomodation is a &quot;strange&quot; setup - enter through a common door into a small 4' x 4' area from which there is a door into a twin-bedded room wtih wash basin &amp; TV. The other door leads to a bedroom with a DB and ensuite. Both of the door have door know barrel locks. The &quot;common&quot; door only has a flimsy 3&quot; long surface mount slide lock (which was loose). Meaning that if the parents wanted to leave their bedroom door open for the children then the only security was the hopeless slide lock, which even a child pushing the door from the outside would have forced open the door.Aside from that, the rooms were comfortable and clean.But it have been nice to have tea/coffe making facilities in the room!Breakfast finishes at 9:00am, and whilst this may be OK for the numerous out-of-town trademen that use the hotel as a Mon-Fri London base, it is about 30 minutes too early for the tourist who wants to lie-in a bit later.The cosy bar and TV room are great to relax in after a day looking at the sites of London.	
Sep 10 2006	Very nice but simple	We made a reservation by Internet, based on the hotels site. The room was small, but clead and nice. The food suplied by the hotel was good. Great value for your money, great location. We will probably stay again when we visit London next time.	
Aug 20 2006 	Mixed Experience	We almost checked out after one night, because of tobacco smoke coming into our room - at heads of beds - at night. Breakfast was carelessly prepared, and no porridge or eggs other than fried were available during the last half-hour. However, we stayed, because staff were extremely kind and helpful about the room. They moved us to a large ground-floor room for the same rate as our second-floor double. It was quieter, had a slightly larger bathroom, and smelled really fresh each of our eight nights there. Breakfast, alas, was always the same: toast burnt on edges, soggy in center, every single morning. Coffee was instant. Some mornings the tea pot had two tea bags, some days one. Some servers had difficulty understanding English. Location is very handy for transportation around and beyond London. It's a very noisy neighborhood with sidewalks crowded with backpackers and luggage rollers who enjoy shoving pedestrians. Restaurants are mostly American fast food, but we really liked two Italian places close by. Two churches are within easy walking distance as well.	
Jul 29 2006 	Hotel with no hidden charges!!	Excellent value. Its only a 10 min walk from Paddington Railway Station. Easy access to all floors of hotel. The price includes a good English breakfast. There were no 'hidden' charges ie service charges, car parking at hotel. Staff were great, all spoke English, (including waitresses ). Underground station 5 min walk. Our room was smallish, but adequate with full bathroom facilities. All areas very clean. Really recommend this hotel for travellers on a budget.	
Jul 15 2006	Great place for a first time visitor to London!	I stayed at the Mitre House Hotel for six nights. I booked this as part of a London airfare and hotel package--I had several choices of hotels to pick and the Mitre House offered both the lower priced package (about $100 US dollars each night) and the highest Tripadvisor rating of the budget hotels in central London for my stay. At first I was a bit nervous to choose the hotel b/c the reviews were not very recent. However, from what I read of the reviews I determined that the Mitre House was in a fabulous location (only a quick walk to Paddington Tube...which was perfect because I wanted to be near public transportation and take the Heathrow Express instead of worry about hiring a cab) and very clean. The only downsides from the reviews I gathered were small rooms and an unfriendly reception desk. As a solo traveler, I could definitely handle small room and quite frankly, prime location trumps &quot;friendliness&quot; because I'm there to explore and not make friends with reception desk!Now on to my stay...I must say my stay was a very good one! As soon as I walked in the Mitre House I was greeted quite warmly by reception desk. The reception area had the feel of a trusted boarding house--very homey and cozy, not like the sterile and cold feeling of many chain hotels in the United States I'm accustomed to. This actually made me feel at ease and not as isolated--being a stranger in a strangeland. I had an early flight and was at the hotel by 11am, so my room was not yet ready. The person at the reception desk, however, called clearning to make sure they prepared my room quickly. In about 30 minutes my room was ready. Location: I loved the location--close proximity to Paddington tube by maybe a 3 minute walk (take praed street exit out of paddington, then walk down london street...which has pretty good restaurants on it...and turn right on sussex gardens...you're there!). This was very convenient b/c I took several train day trips from central london to other places in England. Post office, internet cafes, convenience stores, restaurants were all right outside very near the hotel. As a solo female traveler, I felt very safe in the area.Accomodations:I had a single room. It was an &quot;L&quot; shaped room on the 4th floor. It was well equipped with chair and desk and closet, but smaller than what I'm used to in the U.S. and above all, it was really clean! The free breakfast was also quite good. You had a decent selection. I only went to the breakfast twice out of my six night stay since breakfast started at 730am and my early train trips meant I had to skip breakfast. But when I did eat the breakfast I was pretty impressed. Good selection of breakfast items, including hot breakfast items like sausage and eggs (which was very good). I can't think of any negatives. Perhaps improvement could be done on the tv reception in rooms *but you don't come to London to watch tv anyway* and the elevator/lift could be faster. But other than that, I really enjoyed my stay at the Mitre House!	
Jun 8 2006	Clean but with problems	The Mitre House is clean and a good pick for someone on a budget. The room was very small, but is not a huge problem. The cleaning service did a good job of making sure the room was clean every day. While the room and hotel was clean, it did lack some basic features expected in a hotel. Plan on living out of your suitcase. Rooms do not have dressers with minimal closet space. When we inquired about how much the fee was for using a phone card in the hotel, we were informed that it was 100 pounds. That calculates to about $180 to place an other wise free call. When we asked why it cost 100 pounds to use our phone cards, the gentleman at the desk was non-responsive while becoming very angry and insisted that we not use the rooms phones. Needless to say, we were a bit frightened and did our best to not to make any further requests for the duration of our stay. If these problems are ones you can live with, the Mitre House is a fine pick. It is clean and within walking distance of Paddington Station. It is reasonably priced and relativly close to major attractions. Do not expect luxury, and definetly do not expect to a smiling face to greet you at the door.	
Jun 7 2006	Clean hotel with a few mishaps	The Good-The Mitre House is very clean as each day the rooms are refreshed nicely. In addition, the beds are quite comfortable.-The Mitre House is in a nice, convenient location. A 5 minute walk from Paddington station which has several subway lines. However, if you are flying from Gatwick airport I would recommend staying near Victoria Station instead which is more centrally located. Also, although the street right next to this hotel does have nice pubs and decent restaurants, most of the major siteseeing places are significant subway/bus rides away. The Bad-Some of the employees of the hotel are very unfriendly. Whether this is a big deal to you or not certainly depends. But, for example, I wanted to use my calling card from the room and I called down to the front desk to ask how to use the room phone. All I had to do was dial an 0800 number. However, the employee at the front desk would not activate my room phone and said that if I wanted to use it I would need to deposit 100 pounds! Also, if you stay at this hotel BRING YOUR OWN SHAMPOO. I asked for shampoo and one of the employees made a phone call to someone to request it for me. When I went down later to find out where the shampoo was another employee said they do not have any and I had to buy it around the corner. The next day they again told me to buy shampoo around the corner. When I went around the corner the cheapest and smallest bottle was about 4 pounds (this translates to about 7 dollars for a small bottle of shampoo). Again, not a big deal to some, but certainly at the time these were inconveinences.-The rooms are very small. We got used to it by the end of the stay, but just be aware. However, it is a good trade off for the price and cleanliness.If I was go to back to London I would stay near Victoria Station as the area seems a little more upscale and is more centrally located. However, for the very reasonable price that we paid we felt that we received a very clean hotel that in the end we were very satisfied with.	
May 17 2006	Not Bad at All	We really had a great time in London and this hotel was a big help. Great location and very reasonable rates...the staff and breakfast was great...nothing special by US standards but everything you need and it was clean. Small rooms but this is Europe...get used to it. I am not sure I will return...but It won't be because I was disappointed. You get everything you pay for and more...plus a fullers london pride available in the lobby is always a big plus.Cheers	
Apr 4 2006	Friendly Clean Fab location	We booked this hotel due to the reviews here.We got a double room and they've put in a travel cot in the room for our baby, which is fine for her.The room is small, but at least is clean and the bed is comfy. Our ensuite only had a shower. The shower is ace, really powerful. Beware, hot water is HOT!Breakfast is fine, cooked breakfast for us and porridge for little one.The location is great. Near tube station, loads of restaurants, and near Hyde Park. We went to the science museums and that's only half an our walk away.	
Mar 18 2006	Grimness defined	Our family of 4 arrived after the long flight from the USA and put into our sort of adjoining rooms which were tiny (even by London standards) and grim. There was a shared bathroom which required our sons from the 2nd room to go through a hallway to get to. Since they were painting the outside of the hotel the windows all had scaffolding in front of them which wasn’t so bad but they also had plastic draped over them so you couldn’t see out, air couldn’t get in and the room smelled so strong of paint I got dizzy. They said they would only be painting for 3-4 more days, but since we were only to be there for 3 nights, the promise of it ending meant nothing to us. We asked to be moved and after some discussion, we did get a different room. It was a tiny bit better but was grim in a different sort of way. The window only opened about 1 inch and it was very hot in London so the room was unbelievably hot and unpleasant. The bathroom had no ventilation and was not very nice. The breakfast room in the basement was depressing and the food was awful. We were happy to leave.	
Mar 9 2006	Not Bad	We stayed in the Mitre House Hotel in February 2006 for three nights.The Hotel is in an excellent location,just afew minutes walk from Paddington Station.From Paddington you can get the Tube or Bus to anywhere in London.Also from Paddington the Heathrow express goes every 15 minutes to the airport.The hotel itself is very dated,and in need of some new decor.The rooms are fine,but the bed is terrible and my fiance had awful back pain in the morning because of this.The breakfast is fine,but the best thing about this hotel is it's location and the helpful staff.We asked to be changed to a different room as the one we were in had a strange noise coming from the radiator.The staff changed our room promptly,and were very helpful with any other queries we had.	
Mar 4 2006	INCREDIBLY Convenient Clean 	Despite lackluster hosts, this hotel is THE place to stay if you are coming in to London from Heathrow. Paddington, being a major Tube Station, makes getting around London very easy. The 15 min. shuttle to Paddington Station is a breeze and merely one block away. We had a ground floor room facing the street which was surprisingly quiet and with the positioning of a basement access in front of the windows made security a non-issue. The size of the room was spacious from what we were expecting based on reviews we had read/seen. The bathroom had a full-bath/shower but the &quot;single&quot; room did have two, US twin-sized beds shoved together (with twin sheets). A pretty full English breakfast is served downstairs as well as the option of a decent porridge for the non-sausage crowd. Yes, you do need to leave your room key at the front desk when you leave but we found that so not to be an issue. The hotel bar is open :30 past 11pm which is when most of the pubs in the area close. To check out in the near proximity: Indian Food - Shalimar Garden, excellent, in the basement of the Prince William Hotel, Mongolian Food (that's correct &amp; weekends only), McCahill's Pub, rediculious, I have a friend who worked at the BBC who nearly jumped out of her skin out of jealousy when I told her I went there--supposedly the best in London (it gets our votes), of course the Sussex Arms, the friendliest pub in the area (and not Menu I or II--you'll know what we mean after a day or two).Enjoy and we hope this helps.K &amp; W	
Jan 30 2006	Value for money	stayed for just one night. Room was a standard double, nothing special, but a decent full english breakfast. the hotel is ideally situated for easy access to most of London's sights. A five minute stroll gets you on the tube. Plenty of restaurants/ cafe's bars around too. Can recommend Satay House in Sale Place (just a short walk away)	
Oct 8 2005	Very Decent Budget Hotel	My husband &amp; I spent 3 nights here in a junior suite which had a jacuzzi tub. The price for the suite was 110 GBP a night &amp;, having stayed at several small hotels in London on other trips, I thought we got very good value for the money. True, the rooms are smallish, the TV isn't going to entertain you for long &amp; we would have appreciated a coffee set-up in the room rather than in the bar area but we would still stay here again. The rooms were clean, the staff was very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; the area was perfect. There is a Hilton on Praed St. - right near Paddington - where you can go for more action than you'll find at the Mitre House bar &amp; have actual cocktails which are sometimes difficult to find. Lots of good restaurants &amp; pubs at all price levels in the area too. We also thought breakfast at the hotel was fine.	
Oct 4 2005	Would go back to Mitre House	Hello to all,We are just back from London. We were staying at theMitre House Hotel near Paddington Station;My girlfriend and I stayed there for 9 nights;my comments are generally positive in the sense thatthe room was clean and it had some good space as we had one of the largest one in the building (room the persons serving us could barely understand English !!!One advice; go near the hotel on Praed St (same street as the Paddington Hilton) you will find some coffee shops and bagel # 310)so we would recommend it as it was very quiet at night.And the staff really went out of their way to help us.As for the breakfast, not only was it disgusting but even shops for your breakfast; it will be a better way to start off your day.But even though, we would still go back there no matter what...........except for the breakfasts!!!!	
Sep 22 2005	Safe and good location at Mitre House	My 18 year old daughter and I spent 12 nights at Mitre House in London in May of 2005, and we were well pleased with our room and the friendly staff. Our room had comfy beds, TV, hot shower and a large wardrobe to put our clothes in. We felt very safe and the location is excellent -- right off Paddington Station and a direct trip from Heathrow Airport on the Heathrow Express. I can't tell you how many times we were singing the praises of being a couple blocks from Paddington Tube/Railway!The area is nice too with small restaurants, grocery stores, and nice parks nearby. We really enjoyed walking Hyde Park in the rain.This hotel is not fancy, but it is clean and reasonably priced. Since we stayed 12 nights, we got a nice deal on our room -- 75GBP per night. We figured since we only spent our sleeping hours in the room and had a hearty breakfast to start each day, this was a very good value.	
Aug 15 2005	Little room but great breakfast!	We spent very lovely nine days in this hotel, paying a very good price booking by internet.The room was very small little for three star hotel, but we know that for English was normal size room, even if it was clean and the staff were friendly.Full English Breakfast Included, no Internet, tiny TV, no in-room Coffee-The(but they were free in the bar of the hotel).The location was great, near Paddington Train Station,Paddington and Lancaster Gate Tube Stations and Hyde Park.It was a safe and very quiet area and near the hotel there is a wide range of restaurants, banks, and little grocery stores.Would recommend it if you require a hotel to visit London.	
Jul 9 2005	Staff were kind and helpful!	I booked a room at the Mitre house (Oct. 2002) when I was desperate to get into a London hotel. I had mistakenly booked a room outside of London, near Gatewick Airport, and found everything too far away! The staff were polite and friendly. I did not have any problem handing over my key when I left the hotel for the day.  I had arranged to be in Paris for two days during my London stay and had expected to have to keep and pay for my room in London to have somewhere to store my extra luggage. I did not have to do this! The staff very kindly managed to keep my bag in a locked room off the lobby. I was checked out of my room and checked back into another room when I returned from Paris.  I had a lovely (although a bit worn) room that over looked the street. The breakfast in the morning was lovely. Everyone was personable and friendly. For a woman travelling alone in a foreign country, I felt very safe staying at the Mitre House. I would stay there again, although it would be wonderful if they re-did the rooms.	
Jun 12 2005	HORRIBLE! SHOULD HAVE STAYED AT A HOSTEL	We went through Trip Advisor at the suggestion of a friend who lives in England. She stated that they reviews for this hotel were ravishing and they were. We found the staff to be unfriendly and not helpful at ALL and when we needed directions no one knew anything.The towels looked like the same ones used when they opened and they were unravelling! When I asked for face towels I was told I could go down the street and purchase some. Also, the walls are thin as paper and we could hear everything going on in the next room.The place was't as clean as we'd hoped - carpet, bedding, filthy fishtank, etc. When the front desk asked that we return our room key for &quot;security reasons&quot; upon each departure (yes, like a house key instead of the card keys) I knew our stay would be less than desirable but had we walked out we would have been charged for a night's stay. Everytime we thought of having to go back to that room we got depressed. It was a horrible first impression of London. The photos on the site must be for another hotel because the only familiar thing when we arrived was the lionshead.The only &quot;pro&quot; was the location.	
Jun 8 2005	watch out	Well...it is not an upper middle or middle class place, but rather a lower middle. Plastic glasses, sinks IN the rooms, smallish, not enough luggage space, hard beds, tiny thin soaps, WELL-WORN rooms- the rooms sorta look like , say, Bluefield, West Virginia circa about 1973. Breakfast was very fine. Staff very helpful. Hyde Park nearby, but sort of a crappy section of it. We were very surprised by the digs. Would only recommend for the extremely budget minded. Caveat Emptor!(buyer beware). Hope this helps. They have a fairly fine location, if they would only put some doggone money back into their property!	
Mar 25 2005	Fine Hotel in great location	We just returned from the Mitre House in March. We stayed 5 nights in a quad room with our 2 kids. The room was just fine. There was nothing wonderful about it......... it was a fair hotel at a fair price. The breakfast was filling, the rooms were clean (small but clean) and the staff were very nice. My husband said that after staying in 3 other hotels throughout Italy, Mitre House was the last on the list. I think London is just more expensive. So, for the price, the location was great (5 minute walk to Paddionton Station), it was a safe area with tons of food choices and convenience shopping. We had a back facing room, I would imagine being off Sussex Gardens Road the traffic noise could be bad if in a front facing room. Check what room you will be in, we were in #207. The hotel overall was fine, if you are looking for Hilton......... it just ain't the place.......... but clean and fine, it will do the trick!	
Mar 24 2005	Excellent place to stay	The is an excellent place to stay, very close to Paddington station. The staff was very friendly and extremely helpful. My flight arrived early in the morning, and they allowed me to check in at 11am at no extra charge, but I did call ahead and let them know that I would be arriving early. They also give you complementary tea or coffee at the bar, if you have to wait for your room. The room and bathroom was very big for London, also extremely clean. Also it was very quiet, which was great since I needed to get sleep when I first arrived. I really can not say enough good things about this hotel, I will defiantly stay there my next trip to London. This trip was at the end of February 2005.	
Mar 5 2005	YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR	We stayed at Mitre House over the New Year holiday.We had two rooms which were about equal quality.The rooms were worn and have seen little refurbisment.The rooms were moderately clean.The beds were okay as was the full english breakfast.The staff was helpful.I probably would spend a little more next time and stay at a four star hotel.	
Feb 22 2005	Good Clean Hotel	Very clean and comfortable hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful. Situated not far from Paddington Tude and railway. Would recommend it if you require a hotel for site seeing.	
Feb 6 2005	really happy	I've spent there one week. The room was bigger than expected, the staff was friendly at all times and the location can't be better. When it comes to cheap hotels, this one is really good. If I ever come back to London, I wouldn't mind at all going to the same hotel.	
Jan 30 2005	Wonderful Hotel and friendly staff	I have been in this Hotel in November 2003, I made a reservation before in another hotel just at the corner called &quot;Rose Court&quot; who is the most dirty hotel in the world (and I travel all around Europe and South America)...the person at the desk are very friendly and the breakfast was good, I had the &quot;Delphine Suite&quot; and i paid a little bit more than I think but really I enjoy my stay and I relax after a long day around the city in the &quot;Jacuzzi&quot;....when I'll came back to London I'll stay again in this Hotel for sure and I suggest you to do the same.	
Jan 26 2005	A very nice Hotel: economy situated in a great location and with lovely staff	ENGLISH (sorry for my bad English!!!)We found the Mitre House Hotel on Easyjet Hotels (online at easyjethotels.it) and we're glad we did. We do our reservation and payment by internet and all was perfect.We arrived at Victoria station in the morning of 20th of January 2005 from Gatwich airport, and in twenty minutes we arrived at Mitre House Hotel. At Victoria Station we buy our weekly Travel Card for zone 1 (able to use Underground or Bus in that zone); than we get the Circolar Line Tube to Notting Hill Gate where we change and we get The Central Line to Lancaster Gate. At Lancaster Gate Underground Stop, in front of Hide Park, we turn on the right and we go, 15 meters after, at first street on the right (Lancaster Ter.) and straight on for 50 meters till the end of this road, where we cross the on the left and immediatly on the right. We proceed on the left for 15 meters then cross the street (Sussex Gardens) to proceed on the right for 5 meters, cross the street and straight on for other 15 meters... here we are, on our left, the Mitre House Hotel. Our room (n. 205), at second floor (achieving with the lift) was little (for our standard, but we know that for English was normal size room!!) but very, very clean. We have the bathroom inside (also all the other rooms in Mitre House haven't problem of share bathroom that many other hotel in london have!). All the morning we go on the first underground floor to have an abundant breakfast (english or continental like we want!) then we go to visit London all the day until the night (all time there is somone that open the door if we arrive after the closing time, we have only to ring the bell).At 25th of Jenuary we leave. Our airplain was at 5:35 pm so we decided to have last tour in London in that morning. in taht day, after our breakfast, we leave the room and the staff keep our luggage for free since 2 pm when we come back to bring it to went to the Gatwich airport. Ah...Mitre House Hotel is very reccomanded if you arrive in Paddington Station (in 5 minute by walk you are there!!)	
Sep 21 2004	Friendly Charming and Convenient!	This hotel has a very friendly staff and is located in a lovely and convenient location. It is charming and old world so those who expect a huge American style room might be a bit disappointed. The breakfast was very English and filling. I was more than satisfied with the stay!For those leaving from Gatwick airport I would not recommend staying my last night here though. The Tube has frequent breakdowns and relying on the Tube to get you from Paddington to Victoria Station on time for an early departure may cause you to miss the flight. Better to stay near Victoria Station on the last night.	
Aug 10 2004	Nice stay at the Mitre House		
Jun 18 2004	A shabby dirty room in a friendly hotel		
Jun 8 2004	Great B		
May 15 2004	Excellent economy hotel for our 10 day stay 4/28-5/8/04		
Apr 6 2004	Great location lacking in charm		
Mar 3 2004	No charm but servicable		
Feb 8 2004	Great Family Run Hotel		
Jan 4 2004	Pretty good stay		
Jun 25 2003	Nice stay at the Mitre House		
Feb 5 2003	Enjoyed Everything		
Nov 22 2009 	A 2° melhor escolha!		
Nov 8 2009 	maravillosa zona amables y desayuno inglés		
Nov 3 2009 	moyen		
Aug 28 2009 	ottimo rapporto qualità-prezzo		
Aug 28 2009 	Parfait sauf l'accueil ...		
Jul 7 2009 	agréablement surpris		
Mar 3 2009 	Al llegar:		
Feb 11 2009 	Bof		
Sep 3 2008 	pas malpas mal		
Jun 21 2008 	Bien pero depende con que agencia vayas		
Dec 17 2007 	Dipende dalle pretese		
Oct 21 2007 	Gemischte Gefühle		
