	First clean hotelroom 	I must say that after 5 visits to London staying in 4, 3 and 2 star hotels I was definitely expecting the worst but hoping for the best. This hotel was a really valueworth with small but cosy and clean rooms, comfortable beds even for a tall Scandinavian (190 cm). The bathroom was also tidy with tiles on both floor and walls. Breakfast was offered as &quot;do it your self&quot; in a well equipped kitchen with all basic ingredients needed available at the basement floor. Good idea! If someone wants to buy fresch croissant and champagne, thats found on the opposite of the street in Tesco. The Tube (Several lines) and the Railroad are within 200 mtrs. Traffic is of course disturbing if one is allergic to the noise during the night, so might be good to have earplugs even if they had double-glass windows!	
Nov 12 2009 	Friendly hotel in East London standard rooms	The hotel is situated on a very busy road right next to the Bow Church DLR. I was a bit scared that would mean a lot of street noise, but the basement room I had was pretty quiet. Had a perfect complementary WIFI connection all through my stay. My only concern with this hotel -and many others for that matter-is the fact that they really should try and cleanup the stains and cracks on the walls and carpet. It was perfectly clean otherwise, a standard basic small sized room. Public transport is conveniently close by, as is a small supermarket. The breakfast/lounge area is somewhat peculiar.The staff is very friendly so all in all this has been a good stay in a cheap no frills hotel.	
Oct 16 2009 	Perfect for an affordable stay in London	We stayed at the City Stay Hotel near Bow Road for six nights in October and found it to be a perfect respite from our journeys in the London jungle. The room was small – but not stiflingly so. The bathroom was larger than some we’ve seen in our journeys throughout the UK and on the continent and the shower just missed winning the “best shower” award because it could have used a shower wand head rather than a fixed position nozzle – the water pressure and temperature was great though. The bed was very comfortable and we even had enough plugs for our electronic equipment in the room – no easy task and one that most rooms fail. The room was a bit hot even with the furnace off but we were happy to use the supplied fan to cool it down.We were gone from very early to very late in the evening and so we did not use the available kitchen very often but when we did we found it perfect – with everything necessary supplied and the free bananas, cereal, and toast in the mornings were fantastic. The kitchen had a stove, oven, toaster, and microwave along with all cookware and dishes needed – perfect! We also loved the fast and free wifi access that we easily reached from our room and were happy to find that the hotel actually set-up multiple routers to ensure connectivity.Our room was cleaned thoroughly every other day which was perfect for us because I don’t believe it is necessary more frequently and is just a waste of time, money, and energy.We also loved the location – on a major street in between the Bow Road underground stop (about two blocks away and accessible by the District Line and Hammersmith &amp; City lines) and the Bow Church light rail station right next door. Our room was on the interior of the hotel and away from the street, so we had no street or light rail noise.Our only suggestion for improvement would be to check out the quality of the towels – some of them have really large gaping holes and this detracted from the overall experience, however, this is a really minor issue and we were very pleased with our time at City Stay.	
Jun 10 2009 	Value for money	We were a bit apprehensive coming here - a London hotel at £60 for a double room - would it be comfortable and clean?The staff greeted us and were friendly and helpful and showed us round. We had to pay upfront, but were able to look at the room first. The room was very small, but we have stayed in smaller, and it was not too cramped. The ensuite bathroom - toilet, washbasin, shower, wall cabinet, handwash and soap, one towel each, plenty of toilet rolls - was very clean. As well as the bed, we had a bedside table, a lamp, an alarm clock (old style), a small table, a flatscreen TV on the wall, one chair, and free wifi. Our room was on the ground floor. Our room was clean and had all the basics. Our only gripe is that the double bed was very narrow - too narrow for comfort and a good night's sleep. Only having one pillow each didn't help sleep arrive, either.In the basement is a kitchen where you can make hot drinks or eat breakfast cereals, bananas or swiss rolls (complimentary, do your own washing up) or cook and eat your own food. All this is free; you are charged £3 if you cook their eggs etc.The hotel has no parking, but there is free parking in the streets very nearby after 5.30 pm until about 8.00 am. It is also free at weekends. We stayed at a weekend so this was fine for us, but other times it's residents only, so I don't know where you'd put a car during weekdays. The hotel is next to a bank with a cash point. There is a small supermarket over the road, and a nice pub with food is nearby.When you think of usual London prices, this was good value for a room with ensuite bathroom and free wifi.	
May 29 2009	Clean and comfortable	The Citystay Hotel has an extraordinary friendly staff, who helped me a lot, when I lost my purse in the tube. You can use the kitchen and the TV lounge.We booked a double room with a shower and it was very clean and comfortable.It was a very great stay there! I would go there again.	
Sep 27 2008 	Not what we expected	We booked online a standard double room. Given the positive reviews and the photo on the website, we were expecting a simple, yet nice room. We were very disappointed that we got a small room in the basement. The wall above the window was mouldy, the walls were in bad condition because of persistent humidity, and the room had the typical smell of a basement. The small window opened to a stairway and a wall at about 1,5 meter distance, whith some pipes against it. The overall impression was quite depressing. Hotel rooms in a basement are just unconceivable to us. All the more so as there was no mention of such conditions on the website or of a difference in price for upper-level and underground rooms. The &quot;double bed&quot; was so small that it was really not for two, and one continuously feared falling from it.The bathroom was clean, but there was no shelf or other possibilty to place anything. Only one towel pro person was provided. There was no cleaning during our four nights stay, the trash was not emptied. Positive aspects about the hotel are its location (five minutes from the tube), the free wireless internet access, the possibility to prepare one's own breakfast in the kitchen, the free coffee, tea and the fruits offered in the lounge.	
Aug 22 2008 	Fantastic - Loved the Citystay Hotel	My husband, my niece and myself stayed at the the Citystay Hotel for 3 nights in June. We were a bit apprehensive having booked on the web but the hotel definately exceeded our expectations. Not only was the price the best we could find anywhere but it had clean, modern decor, an extremely convenient location and friendly staff. Located seconds away from train/bus, laundromat and groceries. Very comfortable and clean room and excellent facilities including kitchen and lounge room and wireless internet access at no charge. Do yourself a favour and book this hotel. An economical alternative to a backpackers.	
Aug 7 2008 	Excellent	CityStay is excellent for both leisure and business travellers. Good transport links to the West End, Canary Wharf, Docklands and Victoria Park and easy access to local amenities. We stayed at the hotel for 4 nights and really enjoyed the hassle free comfortable atmosphere. Guests have access to the lobby and kitchen 24 hours to help themselves. Rooms are clean and nicely decorated. Real good value for money! We also hired a car from Enterprise, which is right across the road from the hotel. Will stay there again.	
Aug 6 2008	Clean but conned.	Hallo folks.I booked this accomodation, last minute as I drove down to London.Since I was travelling alone I didnt want to pay an arm or a leg at other premium hotels! And to compound my problems it was the first friday of the school holidays.So I managed to book and reserve a room here using my credit card by phone.The staff were friendly, check-in was easy but despite providing my credit card details to reserve my accomodation, I paid in cash and asked to scribble out my card details.The stay was fine although a bit small. Rooms were clean, linen fresh. Bathrooms were shared, so not entirely 100% clean. Well it was just for a night so I would cope!The stairways were narrow too, so managed to scrape my bag on the wall as I clambered up the stairs.Parking was a problem. Its all Permit holders and Pay and Display only!Several days later I realised my credit card was being misued around the globe. I cancelled that card and informed my bank immediately. I rang the hotel and asked to speak to the manager. He refused to provide me with his name and then became abusive and vulgour. I informed the bank again and the police. Stay here but pay in cash. Dont give credit card details.	
Jul 3 2008 	At last a clean friendly budget hotel	We are a middle ages couple from Australia and we were apprehensive regarding budget hotels in London after reading some of your reports. We booked into the City Stay Hotel 94 Bow Road Bromley and all our fears were put aside. This is a new hotel and therefore in peak condition - the common kitchen is fit for a chef. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms (a tad small) were clean, and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom was also clinically clean. The only negative side is that it is over 1 hour to city centre but the hotel is on a good bus and tube link. (Tip buy a Bus day pass) you can bus hop all day - and get a good feel of London. This hotel and staff exceeded our expectations and we would have no hesitation of booking in again. Good value with good clean service.	
Jan 24 2009 	Hotel sans pretention mais correct		
