Oct 26 2009 	A very poor experience	My room was very very small and noisy from other guests. The shower was cold. The TV in the room could not be watched for lack of space There was no channel guide for the TV. I was at the hotel when the clocks were turned back from daylight saving time. The automated phone wake up system did not adjust and I was woken 1-hr early. Sunday breakfast not served until 8:00-am which is too late for many travelers.The only good thing was it's location - close to Paddington	
Oct 10 2009 	great place to stay	Right down the road from Paddington Stn. Rooms are small, but you won't spend much time in it. Clean and hygienic; free internet. Only criticism is that the service at breakfast was really poor. the staff didn't seem to want u there and one woman (blonde, older) did not smile once the 5 days i was there. Not what u want when u are so far from home.	
Sep 24 2009 	nice hotel in excellent location	We stayed at the Queensway last week for 2 nights. We moved there after staying at another nearby hotel that was unsatisfactory and had a very good experience. The room seemed quite newly redone and was very clean. It was small, but was laid out well and had everything that was necessary. Even though the hotel is not large and luxurious, youcan't beat the price for a nice, centralized hotel in a big city.	
Aug 31 2009 	Very good position!	I stayed at the Queensway for 3 nights and i think that it was better than what I expected!The rooms were clean and quite spacious, the bathroom was very small but it was all that you needed! There were plenty of food for the continental breakfast: croissants / choice of cereals / boiled eggs / orange and apple juice / white and brown toasts / jams and some more... The position is wonderful! very near to Paddington underground and there are some pubs in the area so you can relax in the evening and have a short walk to come back to the hotel. I reccomend this hotel for all that what to visit London in few days... for a long stay maybe I'd choose something else...	
Aug 24 2009 	A nice clean and cheap hotel!	The hotel was clean and comfortable. It was located in a good area, cental and quiet too. It was only 2 minutes of paddington tude and 3 minutes of hyde park. There were a lot of good restaurants around this hotel. The breakfast was good and the food was fresh and tasty. However, only the two chinese girls of the personnell were friendly and smiley. The rest of the personnell was not so eager to help you and they could be more polite. The toilet and shower of our room was extremely small but that is common in 3 star hotels.	
Jul 21 2009 	Disappointing	I booked this hotel after reading good reviews on TripAdvisor, as I usually do, but was somewhat let down on this occasion. We stayed in a room on the top floor (4th) which involves walking up a steep and narrow staircase as the lift only goes to the 3rd floor. That didn't bother us as we didn't like using the small and slow lift but might be challenging for some.It's good points were that it's only a 5 minute walk to Paddington Station/Underground and roughly a 1.5 mile walk to Harrods and the room itself was fairly clean.The negatives.. The room is small and the bathroom is TINY; to sit on the toilet you had to squeeze under the sink! The shower was poor and there is no bath. The walls must be pretty thin as somebody's TV kept me awake til 4am which was replaced by snoring immediately after. The staff were all pretty miserable (except the lady on check-out).Breakfast was included and we ventured down to the basement (not that we were told about this). We were offered tea/coffee and toast which we had but didn't know what to do after that so we left.The hotel was just about bareable for the one night that we stayed, and maybe the price of £89 a night was cheap for the area (at the time of booking), but I would never stay here again nor recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 4 2009 	Clean great location but nothing else going for it	We arrived at the hotel late in the evening, and were 'greeted' (if you could call it that) by a rather grumpy someone at the reception desk, who looked like he'd rather not be there. There was no problem with check-in. We were asked to pay for the room up-front and were then directed to our room. The room itself was absolutely fine. It was quite small (as to be expected for a lower budget hotel in that part of London). The bedroom and bathroom looked newly refurbished and they were both immaculately clean. It was the hottest day of the year and the room felt like a sauna! The one window was already open when we arrived at the hotel, although it didn't let much air in. It was a ground floor window, looking out on to a tiny courtyard, which was dominated by a huge service pipe. Not a great view. The only other thing to see out of the window was the ground floor windows of two further rooms. When we left the room, we closed the window for security, only to discover it didn't lock. Mildly concerned about this lack of security, we went to put our valuables in the safetly deposit box, only to discover it was already locked, so we couldn't access it! Later, when we decided to attempt to relax (despite the heat) and watch TV, we discovered that the remote control was also missing!Sleep didn't come easy as the room was so hot. The bed was fine (although quite small for a double), but the pillows weren't great.Breakfast the next morning was equally as disappointing. As others have said, it consisted of cereal, cheese (warm), milk (warm), yoghurt (warm), orange and apple juice (you guessed it -- warm!), toast (thankfully freshly made), jam, butter, and hard boiled eggs. I'm not usually fussy about tea, but the stuff they gave me was the colour of a urky river and it tasted as bad as it looked). I didn't try the coffee, but my husband informs me it was just about OK. In the end I stuck with toast, butter and eggs, as they were the only things that were around the right temperature.On the plus side, the location is great. A short walk to Hyde Park, very close to the tube station, loads of food outlets nearby, and (for anyone who's interested) just a short walk from St Mary's Hospital. The room is very clean, and the shower is fine.	
Jun 17 2009 	believe the reviews - it's good!	My husband and I stayed for 3 nights in May - originally booked with a different hotel but at short notice they closed down leaving us with only days spare to find somewhere within our budget. Always a gamble when you dont want to spend a fortune on accomodation but we were thrilled about the whole stay with them. The staff were friendly, allowed us in early to our room - which was really clean!!! Such a relief. The room was totally adequate, bathroom too. Bed really comfortable and clean. Breakfast was as good as we could expect - we knew it was continental only but I was pleasantly suprised to be offered hard boiled eggs or cheese or yogurt as well as the cereal/toast option. Really pleased with our choice and would stay there again.	
Jun 6 2009 	A Nice Clean Hotel at a Very Good Location	I stayed at the Queensway Hotel two times (the first one on June 2008) and probably will stay there in the future also. The location is excellent for a London visitor: very near Paddington Stations (both the Rail one, which connects to Heathrow Airport and South England and the Underground one, which is served by four lines, giving easy access to all of central London) and at walking distance to Hyde Park and several other places of interest. Sussex Gardens, where the Hotel is located, is a very nice small Boulevard where most buildings have been converted to Hotels (of varying standards).As appears to be the case in all of London (or so I was told by everyone), the accommodations are very tiny - there is not much space left in the rooms for circulation or for luggage. Also, it would be better if the beds where larger (both the single and the double ones), but the mattresses and pillows are new and good. Bathrooms are also very tiny, but expertly designed so as to be functional. Both are also kept very clean.Each room offers a small LCD TV, coffee and tea maker as well as a hair dryer. Also, each room has an Ethernet point (cabled; better to bring your own cable, as the Hotel has a limited supply of them) with Internet access, but not Wi-Fi. The low point is the wooden stool that accompanies the desk (not a chair - and all rooms have this same kind): hard and very uncomfortable. Even with a pillow, it is damaging to our buttocks.As for the Hotel staff, my experience with them was very good: owners (it is a small hotel, sometimes the owners hang by), reception clerks and maids are all sympathetic and accomodating.All in all, I think it is a good value in London.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Location cheaper hotel	My wife and I stayed here for just 2 days while we were in London. The location is truly excellent being only a few minutes walk from Paddington station, which is the main one from Heathrow. We only had the breakfast once, but that wasn't too bad because the breakfast wasn't great. Just cereal, toast, yogurt, though they did also have cheese and hard-boiled eggs. The price was good but we checked in early so we didn't get the good room that I had booked, which was ok for me because we really wanted to take showers and a nap before going out. The view out of our room was the vent from the kitchen in the basement. The last problem I had was with the water in the bathroom, it was always close to scalding hot, even with it turned all the way to cold. Which isn't bad in the winter, but in the summer, I prefer cold showers. Another plus for them is that they have internet, but it's corded, not wireless.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Location	The Queensway is in a lovely part of London, close to Hyde Park and easy walk to Oxford Street. Close to tube and Paddington. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast included is basic but adequate. The room we had was quite small but that is usual for inner city London. Bathroom nice and clean.	
Feb 4 2009 	Great Budget Hotel	I stayed at Queensway hotel for 5 nights (double room) based on the previous reviews; however, I was a bit suspicious about the quality of the room due to the reputation of most budget hotels in London. When i checked in all my suspicions were gone, we took a ground floor room and although the room was a bit small it had enough space to make you feel comfortable and it was spotles clean. The bathroom was very clean also and the shower worked perfectly. The room has a coffee maker as well as a satellite TV. The location of the hotel is very convenient close to Paddington tube &amp; train station and a number of late night buses serve this area which made our transportation to all the main areas of London quite easy. The only drawback of the hotel was its breakfast which apart from ending quite early (9:15am!!) it was very very basic.	
Dec 27 2008 	Conveniently located	Positives:1) conveniently located within short walking distance to train station, tube station and bus stops.2) Clean facilities.3) Has a small safe in roomThe big negative is the very boring breakfast. Good for those on a diet.	
Dec 4 2008 	Quiet and Clean	I stayed at this hotel based on the closest to Paddington Station. Over all it was quiet, clean and had a good cold breakfast choice. The bed was comfy and the bathroon was clean. As for the size, it is the typical London size room. The only drawback for some would be that the lift only goes to the 3rd floor but some rooms are on the 4th floor. Not a problem for me small lightweight bag.	
Oct 25 2008 	Perfect locaton Clean Quiet	I had a perfect stay at the hotel that is located close to both Paddington station and Lancaster Gate tube-station and several bus-stops so you can really go allover London at no time. I stayed in room 401 situated at the top floor after climbing some very steep and narrow steps. The lift only goes to floor no 3. The room and bathroom was small but it's all you need for sleeping. It was very clean, seemed to be renovated recently and not any disturbing noices. The only thing that was slightly negative was the breakfast. That was very thin even for a continental one. Next time I go to London I will most definetly stay here again and I recommend it to my friends.	
Oct 21 2008 	Good Cheap hotel	Good/cheap hotel in the budget area of London. About 300 meters from Paddington Station, the hotel is easy to get to by walking. I made it with two big suitcases all alone. The hotel staff was semi-friendly. First off, my room was on the 4th floor and the lift only goes to the 3rd. There were two people working at the desk and none of them offer to help me carry my two 20 kg bags up the stairs. If you are staying on the 4th floor - warning- the stairs up are extremely steep. Other than that, my room was really clean. The bathroom was tiny but hey this is London. I had a flat screen tv with cable tv and free Internet in my room. Few pubs and restaurants are right near the hotel. I would recommend staying here.	
Oct 17 2008 	If you can get a good rate go for it!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights to kick off our latest holiday. The hotel was clean, the rooms were large for London (room to put two suitcases on the floor without having to jump over them). The bathroom in our from was new, the it was small but that's pretty common to all hotels in London.The hotel is just a few minutes from Paddington station, so it's perfect if you fly in from Heathrow, it's very close to some great restaurants, and Hyde park.	
Sep 26 2008 	Lovely hotel shame about the breakfast	Queensway is a great hotel if you don't eat breakfast. The rooms were newly refurbished and modern and the showers were hot and the beds comfortable. But the breakfast was appaling as were the staff who shouted at us to sit down and we didn't dare to ask for more sloppy cold toast. We ended up eating at a lovely Italian 50m away - full english breakfast for 2.50 pounds. The hotel is a 2 minute walk from Paddington as well so ideal location. We would definetly use it again but without breakfast.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great location with housekeeping issues.	Selling features for this hotel - down the street (literally a 3 minute walk) from Paddington tube station, located in a quiet area (on a block of hotels), has a lift, and is absolutely gorgeous from the outside. The room was standard sized, but the washroom was another story. While sitting on the toilet my face was almost in the sink and I could barely manipulate myself to get into the shower. Linens were not cleaned daily and new towels were not given, even when they were clearly dirty (we spilled curry all over one of the unmade beds and cleaned it with towels. When we arrived back to the hotel the soiled towels were hung neatly in the washroom). When we asked reception for new towels and a new sheet they seemed skeptical about our story, but gave up the goods - they genuinely seemed to have no idea their housekeeping staff wasn't properly doing their job. We were also told by reception that housekeeping was between 10am-2pm and if you did not want to leave your room early you could ask them to come back (we specifically asked because we had had a late night the evening before). When housekeeping arrived at 12pm we asked them to come back, but we were forcefully told if we wanted our room cleaned that day we have 5 minutes to depart.Aside from the housekeeping problems and small bathroom it was a pleasant stay. The location of this hotel alone makes it a worth while stay.	
Sep 22 2008 	Good hotel for price and location	These rooms are fairly reasonable considering the price and location. The bathroom was quite small, but it was all that you needed. I would stay here again, but remember that it's in London so adjust your expectations accordingly. Also, the breakfast lady was very interesting (!) - make sure you get there early as she tends not to replace food once it runs out...	
Sep 15 2008 	big thumb up outstanding	I have stayed in quite a couple of London hotels but this one is far the best one and very good value for money.It's the cleanest and tidiest hotel I have ever been in at this price catagory. The drawback: although very tidy and friendly, the rooms are a bit too small. Especially when you are in the toilet which has a very well designed shower, you need to twist a little bit your body to sit down for your intimate business in order not to sqeeze against the sink. I stayed for one week as a single guest and the bed was quite large for one person. However, for two people, the room would have been too small. Therefore, I recommend it for singles but would ask you to get more information if you would like to book it for two guests. I presume that they also have larger rooms. However, I need to stress that in London, large hotel rooms for the same price as on the European continent are considered as luxury and are extremely overpriced. Therefore, Queensway Hotel is doing quite well and as far as I know you would hardly get anything larger for this price catagory in London. Another drawback was the matress, but I admit that this is a personal problem, because I easily get backache with spring coil matrasses. In this hotel, the matrass was brand-new and because I am a bit special with my back, I did not like it. Again, in Britain, the spring coil matrasses are largely over represented in contrast to the European continent where mainly foam matrasses are used.The hotel is not only outstanding for its tidyness but also for the readiness and helpfulness of the personal. When I did not want to sleep on the matrass, they instandly delivered me a lot of bed covers to improve my comfort on the matrass.A very good point: there is a lift, so that you do not have to carry your luggage all the way upstairs.The breakfast is ok, not exceptional but standard and immediately served.The hotel is very well located nearby Hyde Park and between two underground stations within a few minutes walk each. Also, Edgware Road, Marble Arch and the beginning of Oxford Street are easily done by foot. In all, I give Queensway Hotel a big thumb up. It is outstanding for its tidyness, friendly design and good service and well above the value for money compared to other London hotels.	
Aug 20 2008 	Gymnastic ability required!	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and it did not disapointed me at all... As a London traveller (I stayed in at least 5 diferent hotels in London) this is just what you normally expect for a small, tiny and simple London/Indian hotel. The rooms are small and the bathroom (if you can call that a bathroom) is very very tiny and you only fit there with a little gymnastic ability!! The elevator looks like reinvented from the past century and probably it will stop when you are inside, so it's better to take the stairs...The service is the basic and you can not count on a fabulous breakfast so it's better if you book without the small toast and orange juice!!! The location is great, just a short walk from paddington station wich takes you to all the tourist atractions in London.Overall, do not stay here if you are looking for a charm and confortable hotel, if you are backpacking this is just perfect, but if you want luxury forget it!	
Aug 11 2008 	The tiny rooms of Paddington	Rooms so tiny but at least new interiors. lcd tv and coffee making bathroom compact. All very compact. Compared to the decaying Normadie down the road this is preferred. Breakfast ok but a smile from any of the staff would not go a miss. In hub of the Paddington, many such establishments to choose from. This will probably compare up with the best for new interiors. Location is great if you need to be here. My final night in London on this trip, spent a little more and stayed at the Radisson Edwardian Provdence down by Canary Warf. COMFORT&gt;.	
Aug 2 2008 	Lovely hotel and area	We love the queensway and stay here everytime we are in london. The location is great near to paddington station. It is close to the airport and close to town. It is very clean and the breakfast is lov ely. Staff are friendly and the price is right.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great location - REALLY tiny room	I chose this hotel based on location; it´s really close to Paddington Station and thus a really convenient base for a holiday. However, the room I had was the tiniest room I´ve ever seen, about 2 meters x 3 meters in size. Absolutely no room to move around, I wasn´t even able to open my suitcase on the floor as there was no room for it! There was a closet, but that was really small as well. There was absolutely no room to hang around, it was basically just a place to sleep. No room for anything else. Bathroom was a bit small too, but shower was quite nice, better than in some of the hotels in London. The bed and pillow were ok. Room had no view (the room was on the 1st floor). TV had lots of channels, and complimentary tea and coffee were nice. Breakfast was minimal; just toast, cereal, juice and coffee/tea.I recommend future guests bring earplugs as doors bang really loudly in the hall.Even though the room was so tiny, the Queensway Hotel was clean and in a nice location, so I think I would recommend it to others who are just looking for a place to sleep in.	
Jul 12 2008 	Clean good location internet -- great for budget hotel	I paid 69 pounds/night for a 3 day stay in June, via Venere.com. Overall very positive experience, I would stay here again. Pros: - 5 min walk from Paddington station. Very convenient if you're taking the Heathrow express to/from Paddington. - very clean - strong reliable internet (in my room at least) - ensuite bathroom (tiny but functional) - ~5 min access to two tube stations - pleasant staff - a handful of restaurants and small shops nearby (all tourist oriented however). Supermarket nearby. Shops aren't all on the same street however, so you'll need to ask for directions and/or wander around a bit. - walking distance to Hyde Park - elevator to basement, 1, 2, 3 floors Cons: - the elevator doesn't go up to the 4th floor (which is built up in the old attic) and the stairs are fairly steep and narrow, so if you have difficulty carrying your luggage up stairs, you should ask for a room on a lower floor. - this is a budget tourist zone -- so if you want to eat at a nicer restaurant, or a &quot;locals&quot; restaurant, you'll likely need to eat elsewhere (although the Frontlne Club restaurant is nearby and it's great -- you will need reservations for it, unless you're lucky to get a seat at the bar)	
Jun 29 2008 	Excellent	We stayed here for three nights and were impressed with the hotel. It was extremely clean and though the en suite bathrooms are very small they serve their purpose. The breakfast is adequate but as stated in previous reviews the juice and longlife milk are served at room temperature rather than chilled. Also the croissants are more like a bread roll than a traditional flakey croissant and the fruit salad is the tinned kind. However overall we were pleased with our choice and would stay again without hesitation.	
Jun 26 2008 	compact and convenient	Booked two nights for convenience to Paddington and had single room (no 6). There are another 2 single rooms which I would recommend as no 6 is in the basement next to the breakfast room and an enclosed outside area with doors leading to breakfast area - so very noisy. Room clean and compact - please understand compact with capital C! My main complaint is the indifferent staff, moreso at breakfast. We came in and sat down at a table but were told (not asked) to go to small table. The milk jugs from tables recently vacated were poured into the main jug used to fill cereal bowls etc. - perhaps done out of sight might have been better! Hang on to your breakfast as it is cleared up post haste. Please try to sort this out as the milk situ is really not great to look at or hear and friendliness isn't in abundance.However if you need a place to put your head and want convenience miss out room no 6 and this is the place for you!	
Jun 26 2008 	Good location	Queensway Hotel is in a good location, near Paddington Station and Lanchaster Gate (get an Oyster Card if your there for a few days, you get the £3 refunded), very close to Hyde Park which is fantastic for a walk - to Buckingham Palace and Kensington.The hotel itself is fine, small rooms and very small en-suite, but it is sufficient. The Elevator isn't always working, I think they seem to turn it off at night, I guess this is good for the bedrooms next to it but not for those people that have to walk the stairs to the top floor! But we are still alive :)Rooms are clean and tidy, beds a little too soft for my liking! Breakfast was basic... tea/coffee, toast, ceral &amp; afew other bits!Staff - girl at reception desk very nice, everyone else ok but no one is rude, so that’s good.	
May 21 2008 	A good stay	We (parents + 5 year old child) had a good stay in this hotel. The hotel is close to Paddington station for trains, tube, and buses. Bus #15 that goes past most sites has a stop at the station, we used it for sightseeing. There are also a number of restaurants and pubs in the area. To us it seemed like a decent neighbourhood.We had a triple room, which was spacious. Even though the room was on the first floor facing Sussex Gardens, it wasn't noisy (despite the football finals that was played the weekend of our visit). The room and the hotel was clean, this was most important for us. We also got a third tea cup for the room when asked for it. There was only one small waste basket in the bathroom, but no trash bin in the room, so we had to pile up papers that we left behind on the floor.We also found it a bit strange to use the bed cover as blanket (there were no separate blankets).The breakfast included in the price was sufficient for us: tea, coffee, boiled eggs, cheese, jam, toast, cerials, yoghurt.Tea bags in the room were not replenished when the room was cleaned. I'm sure, though, that should we have wanted more, we would have got them from the reception.The only incident we had was with the hot water boiler, which went off on Sunday. The receptionist called us to check if we had hot water and when we said the water was only lukewarm, I thought they would have fixed it right away. We had to ask again the next morning; fortunately we weren't desperate for shower then. The boiler was fixed when we got back on Sunday evening.All in all, the stay was value for money and we would stay in this hotel again and recommend it to others.	
Apr 7 2008 	Splendid hotel	Last week we stayed for 3 days in the Queensway Hotel. The hotel was more than we expected. It was recently refurbished. The reception was very nice with very friendly staff. Thanks to the staff for their excellent service. The room was on the second floor and was very clean with a small but beautifull bathroom. The hotel is situated on a top location, near Hyde Park and on two minutes from the underground (Paddington).We made the reservation with London Hotel Reservation Centre (LHRC) in Paddington. They had a great deal for us and booked also our discounted theatre tickets. The service was excellent. We had a great trip and will come back to the Queensway and book again our hotel with LHRC.	
Mar 31 2008	Great stay!!	I was going to the theatre to see the 39 steps and needed a cheap but good quality place to stay. Found the Queensway through a google search and also checked on trip advisor for reviews. The hotel is situated about a 5min walk from Paddington tube station/train station. If coming out of the tube station - follow the sign for Praed Street. Once outside, cross the road and follow it until you come to Sussex Place, there is a pub called Sussex Place on the right hand side. Before crossing the road, you can see the hotel in front on the left. It is a lovely white building situated in amongst other hotels. The reception was clean and bright with a leather sofa and nice pictures. The receptionist was friendly and we got checked in before 1pm. My friend and I had a twin room. The beds were fab with lovely pillows (the best night sleep I have had in a while). The bathroom was modern (small) and the shower was good. It had tea/coffee facilities and a flat screen t.v. Nice view out onto the tree lined road and the window opened which was nice for a slight breeze. There were also extra pillows and a blanket. The room was £69 including breakfast, which is excellent for London. The only real downer was the breakfast. There was the choice of 3 cereals, yogurts, hard-boiled eggs and cheese, toast and juice. Unfortunately neither the milk nor juice were very cold which is a must when having cereal or fancy a nice cold drink first thing in the morning. The kitchen is quite basic so there is no option of having a cooked breakfast which is ok but it's best to mention this. The staff were nice and friendly though and supplied tea/coffee as required. The whole hotel has been refurbished and it shows. I would stay here again without fail as it's situated in a great location, handy for all of London. Definitely a no hassle hotel	
Jan 20 2008 	Great Little Hotel	This hotel is clean, comfortable and modern, at a very reasonable price (single room normally £69 but I booked last minute and paid just £49). The photos on this site are out of date - all the rooms shown here have been refurbished.I had a single room on the 4th floor (lift goes to 3rd floor then short flight of stairs). Room was small but perfect for my needs: bed, wardrobe, TV, kettle etc, phone, hairdryer, bathroom (mine had no bath, just shower). Everything was very clean and I spent a comfortable night. Continental breakfast in pleasant breakfast room was cereals, toast and tea/coffee (included in price of room). Note: If you prefer a cooked breakfast there are several restaurants around paddington station that you can walk to in a few minutes.The only negative comment I have is that the room was slightly too warm for me, even in January I hardly needed the bedding. But, I would rather that than it be too cold!Overall I was very impressed and would recommend this hotel to anyone needing a stopover for a night or two.	
Dec 13 2007 	Cracking little hotel	I stayed in the Queensway Hotel in Sussex Gardens (Paddington) last night for the first time, but probably not the last.When I'm booking a hotel I want 6 things:1. Clean and tidy hotel2. Comfortable room and bed3. Good area and transport links4. Good service5. Safety (me and my belongings)6. Value for moneySo that is what I will use as the basis for this review.1. Clean and tidy hotel - The hotel looked nice from the outside and the entrance was clean, bright and welcoming. It had the look of a modern boutique hotel, with modern and comfy leather armchairs in the reception area. The room itself looked as though it had recently been decorated and seemed to be well maintained. The carpet was clean, the furniture dust free, and the bedding tidy and clean. The bathroom also looked to be quite new and was very clean. Thumbs up for clean and tidy.2. Comfortable room and bed - The room was accessed by a narrow corridor from the reception area and then another narrow path from the room door to the main bedroom area. This made it a little difficult to get into the room with a bulky bag, but this was not really a big deal. The room was well laid out with a small bedside table either side of the bed and two small lights above the bed. There was a double socket above one of the bedside tables and light switches for the bedside lights and the main room light located to the other side of the bed (which was quite handy). On the wall at the bottom of the bed was a small plasma screen TV (probably about 20-odd inch in size) with lots of freeview digital channels. There was a small desk next to the TV with a little stool under it which was adequate for a short period on my laptop, but no use as a proper desk (mostly because of the small stool). The bed was a good sized double that took up most of the space in the small room (but left enough room to get around) and was firm but comfortable. There was a central heating radiator in the room that could be manually adjusted (and worked when adjusted) and, although I couldn't see any air conditioning, there were two windows in the room that could be opened. The bathroom had a full bath with a shower over it which, although adequate, wasn't very powerful or particularly hot. For a single night, the shower was ok, but might have annoyed me with regular use. The rest of the bathroom was very clean and bright and I was happy to use it. I got a good night's sleep, so another thumbs up here.3. Good area and transport links - I don't know too much about the Paddington area, so I can't say too much about it. I usually stay in one of the large hotels down by Euston as my office is close by. I arrived at Paddington tube station, which is served by the Hammersmith and City, Circle, and District lines. It was pretty easy to get anywhere in the city using the tube from here, and there were lots of taxis flying around and at the station. It was a couple of hundred yards from the tube station to the hotel, and the same distance (roughly) to Paddington mainline station as well. There were lots of pubs and restaurants on the road down to the hotel (but not immediately outside the hotel itself) and in the surrounding area, as well as all the usual fast food places, little shops, and off-licences. The road outside and around the station looked like any other in London, but the street the hotel was on was a bit quieter (the road itself is quite busy, but the hotel is set back from the main road on a parallel road). I liked the location but it is not very central, so this might put some people off. For me, however, another thumbs up.4. Good service - I arrived quite early (about 10:30am) and was pleasantly greeted by the chap on reception. He made no mention of me checking in too early and went straight into looking for my reservation. He had a bit of trouble finding it, and it turns out my booking was misfiled (so they expected me a day later), but this was rectified pretty quickly with no problems from the hotel. Instead of complaining about me being early, the staff had a discussion about what rooms were available (free and already cleaned), but I said I would be happy to leave my bag and come back later in the afternoon, so they took my bag and stored it in their office while I was out. The people at the reception were chatty and friendly throughout. When I arrived back at about 5pm, I was met by another friendly chap who sorted out my room for me and got my bag. Check-out in the morning was quick, friendly, and accompanied by the same friendly chatting as the day before. I was left alone when in my room, and had no reason to complain about anything, but the service I did receive was pretty good. So, another thumbs up.5. Safety for me and my belongings - My safety was not an issue. The hotel seemed to be in a pretty decent area, the building itself was well lit, and the manned reception was right at the front door. The room door was operated by a keycard, which was pretty standard. The rooms have old sash and case style windows with nothing more than a little bolt to secure the window. My room was on the ground floor at the back of the hotel, with a ledge outside the window about the width of a footpath and a lot of climbable pipes, so access via the windows was a bit of a concern. Not a huge one (as I have no idea how you would even get to that ledge) but enough to make me want to secure my laptop somewhere. There is a safe in the room, but getting it to work was impossible. I follows the instructions to the letter but could not get the safe to lock shut. Each time I turned the handle, without entering my code first, the safe just opened. That wasn't too good. So, personal safety was not an issue at all, but safety of belongings was a little bit of a concern.6. Value for money - I paid £69 on [-] for my double room, which included continental breakfast. I had to leave very early, so didn't have the breakfast, but this seemed like very good value for money to me. This room had facilities at least as good as any Premier Inn or Travelodge (it's better than that, and cleaner!), and better than an Ibis, all of which cost more than £69 on a room only basis in London. I'd have to put the value for money as another thumbs up.Overall I think this is a cracking little hotel. It is especially suited for those stopping over from the airport, on business, or staying over after a night out. I wouldn't take my wife there for a romantic weekend, but I would be happy to take her there as a place to crash after a concert or something. I'd recommend the hotel quite highly, and will definitely be going back myself.	
Dec 11 2007 	Decent place if you can get it cheap	I overpaid for this hotel. A single room with taxes cost about $350. This may be my fault, but this hotel is not worth $350 for two nights.I checked in and went to my room. It was a single and a little longer than I am tall and a little wider than I am wide. In other words: miniscule. I didn't really care because I just use rooms to sleep in after long days of business/sightseeing.However, the room was clearly occupied: there were two pairs of women' shoes on the floor, clothes on the bed, and a clearly regularly used bathroom with a messy mirror and hairy comb on the sink. I was given a new room when I pointed out the problems, but this never should have happened in the first place.The hotel is close to Paddington Station and the underground, and my new room was clean and miniscule. This place is acceptable if you get it cheap.	
Nov 7 2007 	Queensway Hotel London	Just stayed in a double room in the Queensway Hotel. The room was lovely and a very good size. The hotel has just reopened after full refurbishment. Great location, close to everything but also where so pleased with the standard and very reasonable room rate. The bathroom is very nice but a bit small, could have done with a bit more space.The staff were very friendly.I will definately stay there again during my next visit, and would recomend it.Sallyann	
Sep 25 2006	Good Price - Good Value	We stayed here for 1 night after a flight from the US. It is an easy walk from the Paddington Station where the Heathrow Express drops you off. The front desk staff was very nice and the rate of 59 pounds including taxes and a continental breakfast was hard to beat. The rooms are small and basic and I would not stay here for more than 2 nights. We felt safe in the area and we would stay here again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Reasonable hotel very close to Paddington Station (for Heathrow Express)	Well, this is London, where I suspect you get less hotel for your money than in any other city in the world! With that in mind, this little hotel was quite good value for money. For around 55 pounds per night (including taxes) I got a small room with twin beds, tv, telephone, kettle, mugs &amp; tea bags/sugar/coffee whitener, wardrobe and private bathroom (WC and shower) and a light breakfast (cereals, toast and coffee).OK, space was very tight and the chest-of-drawers was probably a mistake. The built-in clock radio wasn't working, but the staff at the front desk arranged a wake up call for me.Apart from space, the only real down-side was the fact that the window opened only at the bottom and onto a 'juliet balcony' shared with the room next door: I didn't like leaving it open at night as it could be a security risk and the room then got a bit warm. I wouldn't want to say here in mid-summer, but early Autumn was OKThis hotel is only one street away from Paddington Station which makes it an ideal overnight location before taking an early morning train to Heathrow Airport.	
Jun 27 2006	Good value for money	I stayed in this hotel with my friend and we really liked, the location is good and the rooms were clean (although a bit small) and the bathroom was very good. Also the breakfast was ok, nothing special, but a good start for the day. We didn't had any problems with any of the arrangements. It's not luxurious, but I don't think anyone can expect that with this price!	
May 25 2006	Frightening Stairs Broken windows Very thin walls but good location	After waiting in the lobby for 20 minutes, the reception realised that they have mixed up our booking which meant that our room was not reserved. Fortunately there was a vacant room and we stayed there. The room which was given to us was on the 4th floor, the lift only goes up to the 3rd floor so we needed to take a flight of stairs up to our room-- the stairs was so steep and narrow that it resembled one from a medieval castle. When we got into our room, we realised that the windows were made of rotten wood and one of them was broken. As a result, we had to leave that window open for the whole night. The walls were very thin, we could hear eveything that went on next door. The breakfast menu was poor and the kitchen staff was very rude. However, the reception staff was very polite and helpful. Despite of its great location (It is very close to Paddington Station), I will not return to this hotel again. It was simply a nightmare.	
Apr 28 2006	Great location Hotel a bit run down.	We stayed at this Hotel for six days at the end of January, beginning of February 2006. The Hotel itself is only a few minutes walk from Paddington Station which you reach by boarding the Heathrow Express at the airport. Easy!The Hotel is a bit run down but the problem is the staff. There was only 1 coathanger in the cupboard for 2 of us, so I had to ask for more. There was no kettle in the room so they had to find one for us. The soap was never replaced in the bathroom so, again, we had to ask for more. The beds were strangely made up and needed to be remade every night before we slept They were hard and uncomfortable. The waste paper bins in the room and bathroom were only emptied if you put them in the middle of the room. The showerhead was lying in the tub when we arrived so I had to screw it back into its fixture in the wall. When you used the shower, water went everywhere as the shower screen wasn't fitted properly. If you wanted dry towels you needed to leave the wet towels on the floor. Some of the drawers in the bureau were broken and couldn't be used.The dining room was clean and when we were seated we were offered juice, tea and toast. There was cold cereal on a table for you to serve yourself. We made the mistake of assuming that was all there was. We didn't find out 'til later that you could have a cooked breakfast if you asked for it.The staff weren't rude but nore were they helpful, they just didn't care. The room was a good size and I know these are only small annoyances but, after having had such good experiences in Singapore, Scotland and Paris, I was disappointed that the staff in the Queensway didn't care about their paying guests. I would not stay there again.	
Apr 9 2006	Good price good location	I have stayed in this hotel twice during the month of March 2006 and was happy with the room, the standard, the service and the location both times. The bathrooms are clean and seem to be newly renovated. The rooms are quite small, but still ok and equipped with tv, coffe machine and hair-dryers. Breakfast is included in the price. The location is less than 5 minutes walk from Paddington station which is very central. On the way to the undergroud you find restaurants, shops and an Internet café. The staff is polite and helpful. I will recommend this hotel to my friends travelling to London, and I will definitely stay there again myself. It's a very good deal!	
Mar 18 2006 	Excellent Hotel especially for the money	This hotel is very reasonably priced, and was the only one in this area and price range with reasonable reviews here. It is only five minutes walk from Paddington station in an area with many hotels, and also a large number of restaurants of many different cuisines. Having stayed in a similarly priced hotel nearby a few weeks ago my expectations were low, but they were far exceeded. The hotel is in an excellent state of repair and appears to have been re-decorated very recently. My room was quite large with a double bed and an excellent bathroom with bath (shower over) and full sized basin. The staff all spoke good English and were polite and helpful. Breakfast was a bit restricted (the usual white toast), but was in a proper dining room in the basement and some people were having English breakfast, although this may have been at an extra charge.To sum up, I was very satisfied with what I got for my money, and shall certainly use it when I am in London on business aging soon.	
Dec 17 2005	Good enough	Queensway Hotel is nothing out of the ordinary, but then you get what you pay for. The room was clean enough but a bit cold during my stay in december. I found all the necessary facilities I needed, including a hot shower, and cereals for breakfast. The staff was nice, except for one of the waitresses who turned me out of the breakfast room when I hadn't finished at exactly 9.30. The other morning she told me off when I placed myself at a table for four in order to have place for the paper to read. There where plenty of tables, it wasn't really a problem. So it wasn't the perfect stay, but good enough. It's on a comfortable walking distance from Hyde Park and Oxford Street. If you rather spend your money on shopping than lodgings, I could recommend it. Maybe I should add that if you're not fit enough to climb stairs, and feel uncomfortable in elevators that rock when you enter them, then ask the staff to give you a room on the ground floor.	
Jul 19 2005 	Great Location Helpful Staff Good Rates!	I was looking for a cheap but conveniently located hotel near good transportation and in an interesting area. Queensway proved to be a good choice! I booked through the internet and got a great rate that included VAT and breakfast. The continental breakfast was decent and the staff was helpful. The Heathrow Airport express goes directly to Paddington Station and once I was on the street it was only a 5 minutes to walk to the hotel. There are parks nearby, good restaurants and sandwhich shops and Notting Hill is only a 10 minute bus ride away. The hotel room was clean, had cable TV and basic furniture. My room could have used a bathroom upgrade but other than that it was good basic accomidation with good service and the right price. There are several other hotel all side by side on the same street (Sussex Gardens) that had just finished upgrades and charged more. Check them out if you want a little fancier room and are willing to pay 10-20 pounds more per night.	
Jun 18 2005 	A fair value	I stayed at the Queesway for a week. Queensway is a quite a fair deal compared with the price paid. The room is small but still at an acceptable size. Cleanliness was OK though the towels could have been changed more often. On the minus side the breakfast is very cheap. Only cereals, bread and a not-so-good tea or coffee. Also you have to pay 1 Pound a day to use the safe deposit. On the plus side the location is great. Just a short walk to Paddington and Hyde Park.	
Dec 24 2004	nice hotel	i stayed at this hotel for 6 nights, and it was a plesent stay.the hotel is near the paddington undreground station (3-5 min. walk)and located at sussex gardens, an nice place with lots of hotels near by, quiet place.the room was a bit small, but it was ok since i stayed alone in it.ther were television and coffe facilities, clean towles and sheets.continental breakfest was included; coffe, toast, jam, butter, cornfalkes, milk, orange juice.the staff were very plesent and nice, and helped when i need anythingthe only thing that could have been better is more hitting in the room, it felt sometimes (not every day) a bitt cold in the room, but i dont know if its the cold in london or just the hitting system in the hotel.and sometimes you could hear your neighbours walking around their rooms (the floore makes noise..)for ending; its a good palce for 2 star hotel price.	
Aug 31 2004	nice resonable priced hotel	I stayed in this hotel with my family for a week. It was resonably priced, lovely and clean and within walking distance of Oxford Street 5 minutes. Tube station (Paddington station) around the corner. The staff were lovely, and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 26 2004	Great location and front desk staff	As one of the least expensive hotels I could find for our stay, I wasn't sure what to expect. The Queensway ended up to be quite decent for the price. The front desk staff was excellent. They were always friendly, smiling and helpful. The location was perfect - about 2 blocks from Paddington, yet quiet. There are some excellent pubs nearby, and some good restaurants if you want a full English breakfast rather than the meager cereal and toast the hotel offers. The rooms were small, but not unbearably so. My main complaint about our room was that the hand held shower head only came up to about our chest. We had to be a bit acrobatic to wash our hair. Otherwise, for a 2 star property, it was perfect for our needs. It was clean, when we needed anything extra (towels, toilet paper), they were on it right away and were very generous. I would stay here again when price was the most important issue.	
Nov 13 2003	Good value	After a horrible night in a nearby hotel, I called the Queensway. They allowed me to inspect the room before booking, and only charged 65 pounds per night for 2 twin beds. Staff is extremely helpful - allowed us to check in early and stored our bags for the day when we checked out. Check out time is early - 10:30am. Rooms are spacious compared to others in its price range. Lots of closet &amp; dresser space. Did have to request things such as clean towels after the 3rd day, but the staff always accomodated our needs. Very convenient to Paddington station &amp; in a nice, quiet neighborhood.	
Nov 15 2009 	Tipico hotel inglese buona zona		
Jul 24 2009 	Ci si accontenta		
Feb 27 2009 	ottimo compromesso		
Nov 30 2008 	No limpiaron la habitacion en 5 dias		
Nov 28 2008 	piacevole!		
Nov 5 2008 	Pasable		
Oct 21 2008 	hotel piccolo e carino ma con delle pecche sostanziali		
Jul 18 2008	Alles ok		
Jun 17 2008 	Relación ubicación - calidad - precio buena		
Jun 5 2008 	Angenehmes günstiges Hotel ideal für einen Kurzurlaub		
