Oct 6 2009 	A pleasant stay	We stayed at Piccolino for 6 days on 3 bookings and were given 3 different rooms each time. All rooms were spacious as compared with previous London budget hotels we had been to. Each room had a different design but all contained basic stuff like coffee and tea maker, hairdryer, shampoo and bath gel. All the family rooms are located on the basement and ground floor and there wasn't a problem when carrying our heavy luggage. But if you have a room on the top floor, it can be tough as the staircase is quite steep and you may need help from the reception staff who are very friendly especially Adnan and Azeem who were always ready to assist guests whenever requested. As we had to move in and out a few times to go to other cities, the hotel could store our luggage and security wasn't a concern as the reception was open 24 hours.The location is very central and it only takes about 4 minutes' walk from Paddington Station and from where you can take the tube or rail to major cities. With heavy luggage, the Rail Station is easy to get to as you need not go through stairs. There were roadworks in front of the hotel during our stay and since there was no traffic, the rooms became very quiet.The continental breakfast was all right with toasts, eggs, beans and cereal. It would be perfect if there was hot food and the ladies could serve the guests with a broader smile.Cleanliness is an issue the hotel can improve on as bath towels didn't seem to be very clean.In general, our stay at Piccolino was quite a pleasant one.	
Sep 26 2009 	Some positives but also...	The hotel had some good reviews so I booked for two nights for a conference trip.The entrance hall and the stairs are a bit tired but that didn't worry me as all I cared about was the room. The room and en-suite were small but perfectly adequate for me as I only needed it to sleep! At first glance, the room was spotless and so was the bathroom. Nice shiny wooden floors and well dusted furniture too! HOWEVER: the duvet cover and the blanket were stained and covered in hair, and not just one or two - if you get the drift. When I opened the sheets there were occasional hair there too, and I almost had a fit! I asked the receptionist for a new pair of sheets and got them without any trouble. Thankfully the room - being in the 4th floor - was very warm so I survived without using the wig-like blanket. The new sheets and towels - although clean - were very old and not too appealing, but that could be overlooked.The breakfast room was nice and tidy, with a good selection of cereals, juices, coffee/tea and fresh fruit. You could have boiled eggs and a croissant as well if desired. All was accompanied by a few slices of warm white toast.I found the staff very nice and friendly, no problems there.If it wasn't for the sheets/blanket accident I would stay there again. If you book Piccolino Hotel and you're not bothered by this potential problem, you'll have a good time! It's nice and in a convenient location and everything else was very good.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good value for money	The hotel is a really &quot;hotelino&quot;... But clean, nice and quiet (at least our room, 4 floor). The beds are comfortable; Paddington St. and all possible busses are close... (We are goes, so from the hotel is not longer to Piccadilly than 35-40 minutes to walk...) The hotel is rather cheap (for London!), the stuff is friendly... Will probably stay again. Beata and Wladimir, Copenhagen, Denmark	
Aug 17 2009 	Dirty	We booked this hotel because we were going to see a band at Wembley stadium and wanted somewhere near Paddington on our return into London. The only good thing is that it is near Paddington station. The room itself was ok but the bathroom was extremely small and had a constant bad smell - of what I'm not sure - and as with the rest of the hotel, was Dirty. There was no hot water and the shower was also very dirty. The upstairs room (4 flights of stairs &amp; no lift) was quiet but my friend who drew the short straw had a very noisy night in the room on the ground floor near reception, avoid room number 4. The buzzer to get in to the hotel is right next to this room. As for breakfast the best thing I can say is forget it. Another dirty room and some of the food looked like it had been there for weeks. Chipped glasses and cups, warm orange juice, and awful coffee. That is as far as we got with breakfast before checking out and going elsewhere for it. It's probably a place where you only want to spend one night and for a cheap hotel in London this is what to expect. I would advise on paying a little more for a clean stay in the city...	
Jul 22 2009 	A good home base for exploration of the city but...	The Piccolino Hotel has some good qualities - friendly staff, good location - and also some less desirable ones such as crowded hallways and mice. The hotel is situated on a quiet street lined with hotels, very close to Paddington Station. The location is a great starting point for exploration of London's exciting and historic sites, and is close to Hyde Park, restaurants and pubs, and shops. The outside appearance of the hotel is quite classy, but once inside, things take on a different spin. The front desk is in a small room down a narrow hallway from the front door. During our 2 day stay, the hallway was crowded with mattresses and springs on their sides and leaning against the walls. Our party had booked 2 rooms - a double which was up several narrow flights of stairs, and a triple which was located on the lower level - again, stairs. This made hauling heavy luggage somewhat inconvenient. The rooms were reasonably sized and looked quite nice, but one of the en suites was so small it was difficult to turn around in. Each time we left the hotel we were required to turn in our keys at the front desk and pick them up again upon our return. The desk was manned 24 hours, so this was not a problem. The gentleman at the desk was very friendly and helpful, offering tips and even making calls to check prices for different modes of transportation to the airport. The young adults in our party found the hotel to be fine, but I was a little more critical. Besides the mattresses leaning in the halls, my partner saw several mice running across the hallway by the downstairs room. This was a bit off-putting to me. Although I'm sure there are plenty of mice in London, I don't want to see them in the hotel I'm staying in! There was a laundry machine outside, under one of the balconies in the front of the building. We could distinctly hear loud talking in the hallways and from nearby rooms, both late at night and early in the morning. I understand this is not management's fault, but it did detract from our sleep and therefore, my impression of the hotel. Breakfast was fine - cereal, croissant, boiled eggs - typical continental type fare. The hotel served its purpose and was not a *bad* experience, but next time I would hope for a little better.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good Location 	Located about a 5 minute walk (about 2 blocks) from Paddington Rail and Underground. Easy to get to from Heathrow via the Express or Connect. Used #14 on 4th floor with a view away from the street so was very quiet. Triple room (1 queen and 1 twin) worked well for family of 3 (w/ teenage daughter). There is no elevator or A/C but a fan is provided. Was not a problem during our stay as the night time temp was pretty cool and the windows would open. Breakfast was from 7:30-9 and consisted of cereal, milk, juice, boiled eggs, beans, toast &amp; fruit - not great but got you going quickly. Got there about 10 am and they held our luggage until we came back that night to check in. The room was small by US standards but was actually larger than expected. Paid 95GBP per night for our 8 night stay which seemed pretty reasonable for a triple. They did charge a 3% credit card fee which I did not recall was listed on their web site. Felt safe walking from Paddington late at night. Lots of fast food in the area near the station as well as a few pubs. Overall, a cheap place to shower &amp; sleep if you are early morning to late night tourists like us.	
Jun 19 2009	Very Convenient Location 	We traveled to London in May, 2009 with our two adult children. We all enjoyed this hotel. It is within a few blocks from Hyde Park and (in the other direction) a few blocks from the Paddington tube station and Paddington train station (across the street from each other) -- so the location was incredible for public transportation. The room and bathroom were both very comfortable for the four of us. The hotel was quaint and clean. Our kids enjoyed the free internet service in the room, too! A continental breakfast was served with a variety of foods, from beans, to hard boiled eggs, cereal, croissants, fruit, juice, coffee, tea, etc. The staff was very friendly, too. We would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 3 2009 	In dire need of refurbishment	Chose to stay there after reading some positive reviews on the internet, however I was very dissappointed with the condition of the hotel upon arrival. Looks classy from the street and deserved of the relatively high overnight rate, but the interior is in dire need of repair and upgrade.Stairs are steep and the railing is weak ... all the way to the 4th floor. Most rooms are without shades/curtains, meaning that you can see in from outside at night when the lights are on. Bathrooms are tiny, with poor plumbing, bad lighting and no exhaust. Toilet seat broken and needs 3 or more flushes to remove waste. Bedroom also very tiny, even smaller than the tiny rooms you come to expect in the UK. Windows had cracked panes and had no locks. Anyone could open them ... if they dared. We had a wire-sprung mattress ... more wire than padding, definitely in need of replacement. The breakfast was the usual continental style, and I must make a special mention about the toast. One minute we see a woman (owner/cleaner who knows?) through the dining room window pushing clothes into the washing machine ... next second she's buttering toast and serving the guests ... without washing her hands. No wonder disease spreads!All in all, despite the great location, my family and I would never stay there again, and we'd recommend to others not to waste their money there either. Friendly, courteous staff, but a real hovel of a place.	
Mar 4 2009 	Good Location and friendly	I stayed there for a 3 night weekend with my wife. It's near lancaster gate tube station and near Nothing Hill. We stayed in room nº9 on 2nd floor. It doesn't have elevator. The reception is normal, we asked were was the portobello market, and the guy tha was in the desk didn't know. And the market it's very near the hotel... The room was nice, good bed and clean. A lot of tv channels and a small but complete bathroom. The negative points: for the 3 nights we stayed there, they never changed the towels. The breakfast is poor, no bread or fruit in the table.I reccomend this hotel for couples who want a room just for sleep and take a bath.	
Feb 19 2009 	Good value for money	Allocated `family room' on the GF next to reception. Good quality room nicely decorated. Sky TV (but not the sports channels!). Remarkably quiet given the location. Was a little cold as the `Dimplex' (night storage) heaters didn't seem to work, but they had provided a free standing heater. Paid £55 so can have no complaints. This price included breakfast (which you rarely get for that price). Simple continental breakfast with boiled eggs, toast, baked beans plus croissants, cornflakes, weetabix and fruit juices/ tea/coffee. The hotel is very close to Paddington stations and Lancaster Gate with plenty of local amenities just up the road.Would recommend	
Jan 8 2009 	Good value for the price	We stayed at the Piccolino for 3 nights in a room with 1 double bed and 2 single beds on the ground floor. The furnishings were well above the usual Sussex Gardens B&amp;B and the cleanliness and overall appearance was impressive for the cost. Breakfast was routine but not bad (except for instant coffee), and the location -- on Sussex Place -- allowed for less noise than B&amp;Bs around the corner. We would stay there again.	
Dec 18 2008 	excellent value for money	Stayed at Piccolino for 3 nights in a family room (quad) and I have to say everything was just as it is described on the hotel`s website. The room was sufficiently big and very clean for London standards the staff was friendly and the continental breakfast was above average (classic+eggs, beans, fresh fruit,...).Aside from a broken drawer and kettler(only thing that was not clean enough) everything was ok and in working order.. In my opinion this is a fantastic hotel for the price you pay considering you are practically staying in the heart of London.So anyone searching for a budget hotel in Paddington this is definitely a safe choice - nothing fancy, just reasonable.	
Nov 29 2008 	Piccolino never again	Reading some of the previous reviews, we must have been giving the room from hell.The toilet seat was broken, they did fix it. The toilet would not flush and the cistern housing was broken. The TV did not work very well as it had no signal. The window rattled in the wind and would not close properly. The cleaning staff decided after 2 days we were no longer a couple and only gave us one towel. The wash room was 900mm wide by about 1600mm long and contained the shower, the wash basin and the toilet. Any food that was put out for breakfast was cold. Baked been and hard boiled eggs. OK it was in a great location, but it would only suit a one night stopover as far as we are concerned. The London Guards is way better, however bit further away from Paddington. Front desk staff were very nice.	
Oct 25 2008 	Good location for Heathrow	We chose this hotel for its location near to Paddington Station for trains to Heathrow. The location was good.The hotel was OK for the price but needed some TLC. There was mould in the showers, and the window was broken, with an ill functioning lock.	
Oct 18 2008	enjoyed my stay at Piccolino Hotel	I was the first Iranian guest for Piccolino Hotel. I have enjoyed a lot to stay at Piccolono Hotel with its warm atmosphere. The hotel is located at nice area close to subway. It was really convenient for me travel back and forth between London down town and Hotel. I appropriate all good tips that I got from the Hotel managers specially Moheed. I am really recommending this Hotel for everybody who would like to enjoy and have a nice memory of stay in London.	
Oct 9 2008	ok	this hotel is excellent. the manager moheed is really nice and funny with everybody. expecially with italian people! :Pthe rooms are comfortable and breakfast is perfect!that's a great hotel.	
Oct 4 2008 	Excellent place to stay in London!	I stayed in the hotel for 3 days in middle of September 2008 and was impressed with the high quality of service of all the staff especially the boss of the place and manager Tipu. Rate charged was a bargain with good quality room.The double ensuite room was spacious and clean. Towels and toilet were cleaned and tidled everyday. Wireless internet was free and shower was excellent with hot water. Bed was comfortable too.Will definitely return!	
Sep 26 2008 	Pleased with Piccolino	I was very impressed with the cleanliness of this hotel and very appreciative of the helpfulness and cordiality of the staff--Azeem, Moheed, and others whose names I did not learn. I have stayed in several modestly priced London hotels over the years and am happy to say that I have finally found one I will return to on future stays in the Paddington area.	
Sep 19 2008 	Loved our stay at Piccolino Hotel	On June I travelled with my husband to England and in London we stayed at Piccolino HOtel. It was great!! Hotel Managers Moheed and Azeem were excellent, very helpful and were always servicing all our needs. The hotel is wonderfull, located near Hyde Park and a block from Paddington Station.Regarding its facilities the room was very clean and confortable, breakfast was delicious and staying at Piccolino made all the difference in our stay in London.We recommend this hotel if you are planning to stay in London. And we recommend Moheed as your personal manager as he will do all he can to satisfy your needs!!	
Jul 17 2008 	Great	We went to see Jack Johnson at Hyde Park great gig, hotel was nice just that they did not have my booking on their system so I was lucky they had a room available but it worked out cheaper so I was happy.I think they have trouble with all the bookings they make which I think is what lets them down but I'm sure if you book direct you would have no problem.Recommend...	
Jul 10 2008 	Brilliant	Stayed here end of June for a week with my husband and 3 children. It was excellent and I highly recommend the hotel. We were given a family room. The room was furnished and decorated lovely, plenty of room even for the five of us and our luggage. It was absolutely spotless and there is a cleaning service every day. Breakfast was continental and more than enough. The location is ideal, couple of minutes walk from Paddington underground/station.When we next visit London, we will definately be staying there again. The staff were so helpful and everyone was lovely. I have travelled to many hotels including 5 star and this hotel felt like home.	
Jun 20 2008 	Lovely Hotel	This is a lovely hotel just around the corner from Paddington. My children had never been to London so I booked a quad room. It was lovely, one double bed and two singles. Breakfast consisted of cereal (corn flakes, crunchy nut cornflakes or weetabix), loads of toast and fresh fruit and baked beans. My only problem with the hotel was the size of the breakfast room but other than this it was great. The staff are lovely and friendly and our bedroom was spotless. If I ever go to London again I would certainly go back.	
May 7 2008	Beware!!!	I booked a twin room for 2 nights at this hotel via the hotels on-line reservation system. This system confirmed the room was available and payment was taken from my account via Paypal.I did not receive confirmation via email from the hotel itself, so thought it wise to contact them directly to confirm they had received my payment.I received an email in response to inform me that they were booked out!! This is despite the online reservation system saying the room was available and them taking payment from me for the room.On principal i would advise not to stay here, however if you do still want to, and use the online system - make sure you confirm with the hotel that the requested room is actually available.	
Apr 18 2008 	What a bargain	Just returned from 3 Night stay. Excellent value for money. Very helpful staff- even carried our suitcases upstairs. Couple of minor problems with room on arrival (eg missing bulb in bedside lamp) but this was sorted very quickly. Breakfast was good, although limited choice. Room was fine, very clean with hairdryer, tea/coffee making and colour tv with digital channels. Ensuite was compact, but also nicely decorated and clean. Location excellent, only a few minutes from Paddington, and about 20 min walk to Oxford Street. This is definately the best small hotel I've used in London, and I will use it in the future.	
Feb 25 2008 	Small Room great for price	Myself nand my boyfriend stayed here just last weekend annd it was gret for the price, room was small size no room between bed and wall, bathroom was tiny also and needed to be painted badly otherwise was very clean, breakfast was adequate. NO lift and we were on third floor and after a day of exploring lonon a long walk up stairs is not welcome,very central however, with Lancaster Gate tube station 5 minutes walk away only. Staff were unfriendly and had VERY bad english, diidnt understand when I asked her for a cereal bowl !!!!!!!!!!!!	
Dec 1 2007 	Lovely Hotel! But no elevator...	I stayed at this hotel last week, and it was lovely -- clean, well run, and a bargain. The only minus is.....no elevator. If you're a light traveler, no problem. If you're not (like me!), it's a bit of an issue! There are about 5 floors to this hotel, so it takes some getting used to going up and down so often.This is about as nice as I've seen for a budget hotel in London. Such a nice, clean room, and a really great hotel. It's just....that elevator issue is the only cog in the wheel. Again, if you travel light, then this is for you. If not, then, nice as this place is, skip it. It will remain one of my short list choices for the future depending on how much luggage I expect to have!	
Nov 5 2007 	Generally okay	Good price/quality, it is a relatively cheap hotel and you get value for the money you've paid, but be willing to deal with the shortcomings.The room was small, but had everything it needed. It was elegantly decorated with lovely sheets and curtains and the bed was very comfortable. A big plus is that everything was very, very clean. (And I am always very weary of this.) No weird stains or smells, nothing.The ensuite bathroom was tiny! But again, very, very clean and just what you needed.A few drawbacks though : the shower head was ‘repaired’ with duck tape and made things difficult to shower (plenty of hot water though!), the toilet seat was broken, so you had to sit down very carefully or fall off, a drawer in the bedroom wardrobe was falling apart,…etc.The reception area was, like the hotel in general, small but clean. It was no problem arriving early, we could drop off our suitcases and check in later. I wasn’t exactly comfortable with the fact that we just had to leave them beside the reception desk, without any notes of to whom they belonged – anyone could take them. Same when checking out, we had a late train so we left the bags in the hotel, but again- anyone could take them. When collecting our bags in the evening, there were four beside the desk (we only had two) and the receptionist actually asked : ‘Oh are those four yours?’The hotel seems to be run by foreigners who were adequately friendly, but their English was not that comprehensible and it seemed as if you needed to drag out the information you wanted. On arrival, we had to fill in a whole form with our names, Visa number, nights we were staying, even the amount we needed to pay etc. – which seemed strange to us, we booked through the hotel website so they should have known all these things?Breakfast was nothing fancy, but good enough and filling. There were two kinds of juices, coffee, tea, you could ask for hot chocolate, milk, toast, croissants, cereals, fruits and oatmeal biscuits. The drawback here was that the breakfast room was small and breakfast time is between 7:30 and 9, so it’s not uncommon that you’d have to wait until there was a table available for you.The environment of the hotel is very nice – lots of pubs and places to eat, really lively and cosy but not crowded or noisy or anything. In fact, being in the city centre, we did not have any noise during night time – allowing us to have a good night’s rest.	
Oct 20 2007 	Good value clean and comfortable	Just spent a week at the hotel with my family: hubbie and 2 teenage kids. We had the family room on the ground floor, which was perfect as it has a wall separating the kids beds from the double bed. The room was very nicely decorated and very clean, I am a bit of a clean fanatic and the first thing I do is inspect the bedding and the drawers, all were very clean. The towels could have been a bit better, they were old and a bit threadbare, but clean, I'm sure they could replace them for not very much?, and the shower could use some bleach on the grout, but over all did appear very clean.The room was very large with a variety of wardropes, bedside tables and drawer units, 2 leather chairs and a dressing area, a large fan was also provided. With all of this plus the two single beds and a large double bed there was still enough room for the four of us to move about in, it never felt crampt. The view from the room was into a small courtyard (no view at all really), we kept all the curtains closed, but given that we were only really in the room at night it did not really matter. The plus point of this was that there was no noise at all at night, we have never slept so well!The breakfast suited all of us, even my fussy daughter, my son who has food allergies and myself - vegetarian. There was always lots of fresh fruit, and they constantly refilled the milk and fruit juice jugs. I would think that some may be dissapointed not to get a full english, perhaps this could be considered?The hotel is in an ideal situation, we paid £8 for a taxi from Euston when we arrived but after that we used the tube just around the corner.To sum up, I would stay at the hotel again, and I would recommend it to anyone, it was clean, central, good value and the staff were all very nice.	
Oct 19 2007 	Good value for money	hello, I booked this Hotel on my travel agent's advise as I wanted a budget hotel for this trip. At first i thaught it would be a small average hotel like the price i was paying but it came out to be a pretty good place. the first thing that touched me was the smiling receptionest, smile which is becoming a scarce commodity in my own country France and in other european countries where i travel frequently. I was reached earlier than my check in time and was expecting to wait for 2 hours but they accomodated and best of all I wasnt charged anything extra. Piccolino has neat and clean rooms, clean tolittes. I can live without food but cant live with unclean room and toilette. Though I'd apprecaite if they start serving meals too I mean lunches and dinners.The staff deserves a word of gratitude as i was in londo n for busines and needed to use the internet alot, but my laptop developed soem problem and wouldnt work. I reqeusted the reseptionsit to help me find an internet cafe where I could use internet, he offered to check my laptop and was surpised when in 2 minutes he was there and after an hour of labour he fixed the problem, best of all i wasnt charged anything. In short, a good value for money. Decent and tasetefully decorated property. I am certainly going to recommen to my friends and family who hop into london now and then The hotel is at the central location. So travellers like me who have busines all day and come back to thier hotel in the evening, can go out for a walk around the central london area after refreshing. Piccolino Highly recomended! Jean Fracois( please pardon my emglish, I am French speaking and am only learning english these days)	
Oct 14 2007 	Very Deceiving	The Piccolino Hotel is a great disappointment for us.Thanks to the VERY DECEIVING pictures, we were convinced that we got a pretty good hotel deal in London, that is, until we actually saw our room.First of all the room was very uncomfortably small, looked nothing like in the picture. Two people cannot go around the room without bumping into one another. All the furniture was cramped together. For example, the fridge was placed in a corner which is very hard to reach. What made it worst was that due to lack of space, a night stand was placed directly in front of the fridge so one could never really open the fridge without first moving the night stand away. We got the night stand in a way that we could open the fridge about 30 degrees, just barely enough to put some water bottles in the fridge. There was insufficient plug at the wall, so one has to decide whether he wants fridge or he wants light. We decided on fridge since more light would bring more disappointment for us about the room. Second, there was a TV, except that again due to lack of space, the TV was placed behind the hotel door, the view was obstructed by a wall so that one could not lie comfortably in the bed and watch TV. You really have to pull a chair and sit in front of it and strain your neck to watch the TV placed close to the ceiling.On the first day, upon arrival and wanting a glass of warm tea, we discovered that the water cooker in the room was broken. We had to struggle a bit with the wire cable to get the TV turned on. The bathroom had a very intense strong smell, not to mention that it was super tiny. Anyone who is slightly overweight will have problem fitting in the bathroom or sitting on the toilet.The hotel stay does include a breakfast, which was the worst breakfast at any hotels I’ve ever stayed. Two different types of cereals, toast, croissant, and beans were included on top of the normal tea and coffee. A few fruits were also available. The croissant was the worst I ever had, dense like a brick. We noticed that none of the guests finished the croissant in their plates. We never touched the croissant again after that day.The best is yet to come. On the second day when we came back to the hotel room, we found out that our towels weren’t where they were – on the chair, rather, they were thrown randomly on the bathroom floor – next to the toilet, one covering the toilet brush! We could not bring ourselves to use those towels again and so had to ask for new one from the front desk. The next day during breakfast, we got the usual toast since we had absolutely no appetite for the brick croissant. I took a few bites on the toast before discovering that one of the toasts was completely moldy!! Ewww! I checked all the others, although they were fine I still lost appetite for anymore toast at the hotel. We sticked to the English breakfast offered at some cafeteria on the way to the train station at 4 pounds that day onwards.Although the incidents weren’t severe, but it showed that the hotel owner and staffs weren’t committed on delivering a good hotel service. Hygiene was definitely NOT rated very important in running the hotels. I am very disappointed at this hotel. I think the money was not well spent and I got the worst value out of the money. We will definitely never ever stay there again and will never recommend it to anybody.	
Oct 11 2007 	Really liked the Piccolino	Piccolino Hotel, a little 3 star jewel, is one of a number of hotels (#14) on Sussex Place in Paddington, very close to the tube station in an excellent location for central London. This is a relatively quiet area and a terrific launching point for almost any sightseeing you wish to do. What I feel differentiates the Piccolino from many of the others, however, is its friendly staff (thanks to Tanveer, Waqas, Azeem) and cleanliness, its hardwood floors giving it a rather rustic appeal. Whether you pay 60 GBP or 260 GBP a night in London, you are likely to come away just as dissatisfied with many of the hotels whatever the cost, due to a lack of service, unresponsive staff, or other difficulties. For instance, around the corner from the Piccolino at the Adare Hotel, which is identically priced but whose rooms are filthy, you would be frightened to get into bed, let alone sleep on the bed. At the Adare, also, I’m not even sure that the doors lock.Having just spent three nights at the Piccolino, I was extremely pleased with how kind the staff all were and how clean the rooms and baths were – great hot water, clean sheets and pillows, enough space to not be bumping into each other, etc. If you should encounter any kind of problem, the reception desk seems to immediately want to take care of you and fix whatever is needed. While I did not tour every room in the Piccolino, I found my accommodations quite satisfactory, comparing it to other European hotels. Reception is also willing to store your luggage if you are early for your room or if you need to check out but have a later flight. Breakfast is included in the price with a good selection of food offerings to get you going in the mornings. This breakfast, I might add, is more aimed at those who want an early go at sightseeing – it is not intended for those who want to sleep in, who can find alternative eats nearby. A couple of blocks down toward the tube station, there is an internet café and other little eateries and convenience stores in a straight line to the tube although you have wireless access in your room. Having flown in on EasyJet, I decided to travel to the Piccolino on the little 5 minute free shuttle from Luton to the train station, which I took for what seemed like hours, transferring then to the tube to Paddington. On my departure, I simply took the tube to Baker St., walked a couple of blocks, and jumped right on the Green Line Bus, which comes and goes straight to Luton, so much easier and cheaper. EasyJet also has a special internet offer for the Green Line, which is a great value and the least hassle. Altogether, the two questions I always ask myself: can I comfortably recommend this little hotel to others? Absolutely. Would I stay here myself again? Absolutely.	
Oct 2 2007 	A Terrible Terrible Place!	I know that everyone is entitled to their opinion, and that everyone as different expectation of an hotel, but from my point of view this was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had the misfortune to endure. And I am exceptionally angry at the people who wrote nice things about this place because it is through their reviews that I thought it would be a decent place to stay instead of the dirty hellhole it in fact turned out to be. The entire hotel is filthy, badly run, and staffed with unhelpful, unfriendly people who thinks it’s funny when your complain about how bad things are. Myself and my daughter went down to London on business for six nights, and therefore wanted something reasonable and clean, and for almost eighty pounds per night, while you know you’re not going to get outstanding, I expected at least a basic degree of comfort and cleanliness. Instead, the room we were put in was absolutely filthy. Every towel and sheet was covered in dark brown stains, caused no doubt by the fact that they, and I use this term loosely, “wash” such things in an outside space underneath the main entrance next to bags of rubbish. This being a big deal for me when I travel, I asked for new bedding and towels, only to be given even filthier ones that I wouldn’t let a dog sleep on. Bottom line, We reached such a level of despair with the situation that we went out and brought new sheets and towels from a store nearby, just after we went around trying to find alternative accommodation. We then had to spend extra time and money in a launderette cleaning these items and some of the hotels own things because the management couldn’t see anything wrong with them. The place is, in a word, a hovel! Lights don’t work and are broken. There is dirt and grim everywhere that the cleaners can’t be bothered to clean. Tables are thick in black dirt that shows that they haven’t been cleaned in ages. Toilet seats are broken. It takes ages to flush waste away. The shower had hair caught all the way around the door. Wardrobes are crooked. Drinking glasses have cracks in them. The kettle provided has filth and grim at the bottom, while the cups clearly haven’t been washed from their last use. The maids walk around cursing in either Polish or Russian because they don’t like doing anything other than smoke in the hallways and hover the stairs, which they are always doing because plaster is falling off the walls and covering the carpet. Even something like a ’Do not disturb’ sign has been stolen from another hotel, and it doesn’t end there. The stairs are steep, and if you stay in the attic (which tends to leak in, by all accounts), there is no handrail to hold onto. This is also true of the breakfast area, which is underground and is not easy to reach if you are disabled in any way. There is damp patches on the hallways walls, and bits of wooden skirting board lying around with nails sticking out of it, which is just the sort of thing you want to see if you should have little children with you. Breakfast is yet another farce. I know that it is only a basic continental breakfast, but when we went down once at about eight in the morning, all their was was two little bowls of cereal laid out on a trestle table. No milk, no toast, no buns, no nothing. And the only answer you get if you complain is ‘Well, no one else has complained’. This is their get out of jail free card; something they use to let themselves of the hook for the appalling condition of the hotel and to make you feel as though you are being unreasonable for asking for anything better. I don’t care if no one else has complained before. I found it completely unacceptable, and I find the idea of being treated like a third class citizen because I wanted to pay a reasonable price for a hotel instead of the extortionate fees charged by other London hotels unacceptable, so I decided that before I left, I would make my feelings clear in a letter to the management that I left on the door. I will admit that my language wasn’t the nicest, but the experience was so terrible that I wasn’t interested in being gracious to ungracious hosts. This was when one of the men who runs the hotel decided to chase after myself and my daughter and scream insults at us from across the street. They are rude people running a vile hotel, and anyone who says otherwise mustn’t have any sort of standards when it comes to where they stay. So for anyone thinking of going to this hotel, and is fooled by the deceptive photographs and so-called ‘reasonable‘ price tag, be aware that this is a terrible place and look elsewhere, as anything would be better than this.	
Aug 27 2007 	loved the piccolino	a very pleasent hotel, situated very close to paddington tube station and hyde park. nice comfortable rooms, with tea/cofee making facilities, sky channels , direct dialing, hair dryers and washroom amenities. Good helpfull staff, offered welcome drinks on arrival. Initialy had problems with room alocated on the top floor, but the staff immediately responded to my requested and sorted out a room on the first floor. we would definetly stay here again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Great location	I have stayed at the Piccolino twice now and found it was comfortable both times. The staff are very pleasant, and the location - just down the road from Paddington station - is excellent. The Bakerloo line from Paddington is great for getting around the city. Hyde park is just down the road, and there is a very nice pub, the Queen Victoria, just a few doors down for the hotel. The rooms very basic but comfortable. On my first stay, in 2005, the room was lovely, but without a view. On the second, in 2006, we were rather disturbed by the boiler in the attic, but the room itself was comfortable.The breakfast is good, with lots of coffee or tea, cereal and mini pastries and fruit, of which you can eat all you like. There is also toast. I liked this hotel, it is a quiet, pleasant base for a visit to the capital and I would recommend it to others for the brilliant location.	
Jul 6 2007 	Good Budget hotel	A good budget hotel close to Paddinton Station and in a safe quiet area. Very helpful staff and someone on the desk 24 hours. Rooms are small but thats what you expect. Fruit, cereal, toast coffee or tea for breakfast, nothing fancy, but it was breakfast. We stayed two nights. We are a senior couple and they had booked us on third floor but changed us to the first and helped us with out bags. Twin beds were comfortable and the free wireless internet was a bonus.	
Jun 24 2007 	Will definitely recommend this hotel	We were at the Piccolino Hotel from June 19-22. We were a group of 5 people and first wanted the Quad room with an extra bed which they arranged for us. When we checked in already, we decided to change our rooms to 2 double rooms and this was arranged with no problems. Staff is very friendly and is always willing to help. We needed a charger for our telephone which they lent to us. The rooms were cleaned everyday and they replenished the shampoo everyday too. Breakfast is continental, simple but certainly enough. If you want the typical English breakfast, then there are enough places around the corner where you can get this.There are lots of restaurants and pubs around the area and it's very close to Paddington station. Ofcourse don't expect a 5 star hotel but for the price you are paying, it's definitely worth it to stay at this hotel.Thank you for a lovely stay.	
May 2 2007 	Best Stay in Bayswater	We had a very pleasant stay at the hotel for the 3rd year in a row, thanks to the effort of the hotel's staff that made our stay a comfortable one. The staff was ever so friendly and willing to help us in finding our way around the area concerning local restaurants etc.We will definately recommend this hotel if you are looking for a cheap and good accommodation in London (staying in the Bayswater area).From,Lars &amp; Azizah	
Apr 23 2007	Pleasant good location	Pleasant small hotel in the hotel-dense area near Paddington, along and just off Sussex Gardens. This one is just five minutes from Paddington, straight up the street, and not much longer the other way to Hyde Park, ideal when the sun is shining. I asked for and got a quiet room at the back. Very pleasant reception person. While the en suite toilet, sink, shower is a triumph of design over physical space, it was nicely tiled with modern fittings and plenty of hot water in the well working shower. The beds were fine and the TV included a wide range of Sky channels.The breakfast is advertised as &quot;continental&quot;, but no one on the continent would put up with a rather mediocre selection of a few cereals and white bread toast. Given the modest price, for London, of a stay here, anyone liking a good breakfast should walk up the road to Paddington Station, there are at least two places open and advertising full breakfast for less than five pounds, and the station concourse has a range of chain food outlets.	
Apr 20 2007 	a pleasent surprise	checked-in on the 10 of APRIL 2007 at around 9:30 in the morning, and offcourse the room wasnt ready yet, by the way the check-in time is 12.00 noon. met an extremely frendly and cheerfull receptionist, who asked us to have a seat at the reception while he got the room made by the girls well before checkin time. He offered us a cupl of refreshing orange juice, just the thing neded to recharge after a long journey. in the mean while we had a lovely chat with him and he mapped out some interesting places to visit for our stay in london. within about 15 or so minutes the room booked for us was ready and we were taken to our room. it was a good sized room, light , airy and large window. spotlessly clean and i especially loved the wooden floors. the decor was nice and it felt much homlier rather than sterile like most B&amp;Bs. the best thing was the room had sky, so there was a variety of chanels to choose from and a tv with dvd player was a bonus as we had some dvds bought on the way. over all our experice for three nights was a vey pleasurable and satisfying one and we owe a special thank you to the receptionist, who did a great job in making us feel very welcomed indeed. we plan to visit and stay in this hotel again. great people, great rooms, exceptional service. Thumbs up for you.	
Dec 26 2006	a great deal on a budget	i stayed in this hotel for 3 days, and it was a wonderfull experience. i checked-in in the afternoon and was recived with a very warm welcome and a big smile. the staff is very cheerful and freindly, instantly making me feel at home.the room was a nice size, very clean, nicely decorated and contained all the amenities you would expect and a bit more (hair dryers, shampoo, shower gell, direct dialing facilities, wireless broad band, sky chanels and tv with dvd player, not comon in most small hotels) i was even offered a few dvds by the staff to watch for the stay. the room had a very cozy warm feel about it with lots ov cussions and pillows, felt very indulgent, where as most hotels i have been around in the same location only provide single, almost pancaked pillows, and bed was nice and firm. even tho the bathrooms are small but are spotless and funtional and plenty of hot water. the only draw back i think for this hotel is its breakfast, no cooked breakfast, even tho there are plenty of cerials, toast, two types of juices and some fresh fruit, tea cofee and hot chocolate, which can be improved on i think.overall it was a very pleasent stay and the staff was very helpful. i'd definetly recomend this hotel and come back again. at 70 pounds for a double and all that i think its a great deal.	
Dec 19 2006 	Pretty Good For the Money	I stayed here for one night. If you are looking for budget accomodation this is one of the better hotels. Rooms are very clean and tastefully decorated, and more personal than some of the large hotel chains.Good sized room and small, clean functional ensuite.Friendly staff on arrival.For £55 per night i think you would be hard pushed to find a better option	
Dec 11 2006 	Not bad for a budget London hotel	This is a reasonable quality budget hotel in a busy part of London. Don't expect the Ritz, but good enough and certainly a million times better than many London hotels I have stayed in. I ended up here after the neighbouring hotel let me down on a booking. The staff in the Piccolino were extremely friendly and did me a special deal on a triple room (even though there was only one of me!). The room was clean, pleasant and large. There was a Sky box (unusually) allowing a broader range of satellite channels than usual.Only negatives (which is why it gets three stars):- It is on a very busy road and the windows are only single-glazed, therefore noisy if your room faces the street, with taxis whizzing past and people talking- The breakfast is basic - coffee/tea, toast, cereals and a small bowl of fruit. No cooked breakfastsHaving said all that it only cost me £70 for the night, which for the money is excellent in London and if I wanted a cheap hotel in a good location I would stay there again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Wasn't bad	The room that we stayed in were okay. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom a bit too small but quite clean, a limited selection for breakfast (cereal, toast, juice, coffee, tea, hot chocolate and fruit), close to Paddington Station, walking distance to Marble Arch and Oxford Street, helpful staff and it is great for budget travellers.	
Jun 19 2006	Comfortable hotel to crash for a night	We stayed here as it is very close (walking distance) to Hyde Park to see a concert. The hotel was comfortable (beds, decor of room etc). Breakfast was nothing to write home about (plenty of cereals but if like me you don't eat them it is quite limited). There are a few bars near by but it is mainly residential. In a nutshell if you want to stay somewhere for a night or two and are on a budget then this hotel will meet your needs. If you are staying longer or prefer something a bit more upmarket then consider something else. It was fairly quiet during our one night stay. I'd stay here again.	
Apr 18 2006	Horrible bed moldy shower noisy street	We originally picked the Piccolino Hotel due to it's close proximity to the Heathrow Express and Paddington Station. The rooms are nice enought and appear clean. The bed we had was horrible. It was very springy and had a big hump right down the middle. I'm not sure where they got this mattress or how long they had it for, but they should get rid of it quick! If you have a room facing the street, it can be very noisy. It seems to be a high traveled road since it's close to Paddington Station. There was excessive mold on the shower tiles. Staff were friendly enough. Had an issue with the rate for the room being higher than what was promised in the e-mail, but the clerk there at the time told me that it would not be a problem and gave me the room for the promised rate. I always make sure to take copies of e-mails with comfirmation and price on them in case of a dispute. Would I stay here again, probably not. I think if they make some minor changes this could be a great place to stay.	
Mar 16 2006	Nice Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for one night.It was a clean well kept hotel. The bathroom was spotless and the heating worked. The bathroom had shampoo and body wash etc. There were tea/coffee making facilities. The sheets were clean and the hotel was quiet. Nice wooden floors.Breakfast was continential and plentiful.The only negative is that there was no remote control for the tv.(poor picture quality)The lobby of this hotel was unattractive as compared to the other hotels close by.Although the bathroom was clean, if u were bigger than average size u may not fit.Overall I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and its a great place for a stopover.	
Aug 8 2005	Enjoyed our stay at Piccolino!	We stayed at this hotel from Feb 18-21. Because we missed our flight that morning and were unsure if we could catch another flight that day, we called the hotel and cancelled the reservation. The guy at the desk was polite and understanding, and decided not to charge our credit card.We were able to get to London later that day, and decided to still go to the Piccolino Hotel. They still had available rooms, and they gave us a family room (instead of a double). The room was clean and bathroom was spotless. Breakfast met all the basic needs. The hotel is located in a quiet and wealthy residential area. Bars and restaurants for all tastes in the vicinity. It was the cheapest hotel that we could find at that time, and were definitely satisfied with it.	
Jul 28 2005	clean good breakfast but little room	We stay in this hotel for 9 nights in august 2004.Our room was very little for 2 people (french bed), but rooms are often little in England.The bathroom was little but clean and the shower was efficient. sheets of the bed wasn't very clean, so we ask to change them. But the washed sheets wasn't so clean (it's difficults do wash blue sheets). The mattress wasn't comfortable.Continental breakfast was very good. The hotel is between lancaster gate station and paddington station. It's the best location to go around london. During the night the street of the hotel is very quite.	
Jul 15 2005	Great hotel for exploring London		
Jun 27 2005	good place to stay		
May 17 2005	Clean comfy and good value for the money		
May 5 2005	Very Good value for money		
Mar 7 2005	Small but clean		
Dec 9 2004	Nice stay in Piccolino		
Sep 7 2004	Good for its price - small but clean and comfortable		
Aug 3 2004	Very cheap good if you are taking Heathrow Express the next morning		
Mar 10 2004	A perfect shortbreak in London: Piccolino.		
Feb 21 2004	Cheap and clean		
Aug 2 2009 	Très bon hôtel		
Apr 7 2009 	NIE WIEDER!!! ABSOLUTE -!!!		
Jan 7 2009 	delusione.. pensavo meglio		
Jan 5 2009	Pas pour 3 ! malheureusement !!!		
Oct 10 2008 	pulitissimo servizio cordialecentralissimo		
Dec 18 2007 	Für London ganz okay		
Nov 12 2007 	Appena ri-decorato è ancora + accogliente		
Sep 3 2007 	Che delusione!		
Jul 14 2007 	Piccolino di nome... e di fatto!!!		
Jun 3 2007 	Piccolino ma molto carino		
May 23 2007 	Vaya tomadura de pelo		
