Oct 16 2009 	was ok	not too bad given the location. rooms were really old, felt like someone had maybe died in there.got some sleep though and its on a quiet area and easy to find. not overly clean.female receptionist was very rude.	
Oct 5 2009 	Basic clean and cheerful in good location.	We got a twin room at £40 per night for the room, an excellent price and a five minute walk from Paddington Station and the Bayswater Underground. There is a bar next door but there are others in the local area that are just as nice. God amount of take aways and coffee shops. There is also an internet cafe round the corner and many of the cafes have WIFI while the hotel does not. Kensington Gardens is within walking distance which was nice in the evening and the street itself isn't too busy, considering it's quite central. The room was clean, though the decor is old fashioned, gloomy with torn wall paper. As stated elsewhere the shower was freezing, which wasn't great and there was no light in the toilet at one point, to be fair this was quickly fixed. Generally tere wasn't much spae ut we were expecting that. The walls are quite thin and we could easily hear next door but as we had quiet neighbours this wasn't an issue. No reception on TV which looked about 25 years old. I wouldn't want to stay for any longer than a couple of nights but I have no real complaints about the actual hotel because we got a clean room in a good location at a fantastic price.The only thing I would complain about is the maner of the young reception at the desk incredibly rude. It was the same girl we spoke to on arrival and departure and she acted with utter disdain, rolled her eyes, was very abrupt and looked as if her face would crack if attempted to smile. We didn't ask any questions or make any complaints just checked in and out. I know this was cheap accomodation but her colleague was treating other customers with good maners and she could have done the same thing. I rarely make personal comments about people in the service industry because I work in it myself and know how horriblet it can be but she had no reason to be so unpleasant with us and to be honest was the rudest person we met on the entire trip	
Jul 24 2009 	Basic but OK	Small room with bed, TV, sink, wardrobe and bedside cabinet. Kettle and coffee / tea. Surprisingly quiet at the back. Bar available in hotel next door. Breakfast available - but cheaper options in cafes roundabout - I can vouch for Luigi's in Spring Street. Staff friendly and helpful. Reasonable price £35 for a single. Handy for publ;ic transport (tube, bus and mainline rail services) and also an easy walk to central London.	
May 5 2009 	Value for money	Great location - a short walk from the city. Great value for money - I paid 55 pounds for one night. Rooms are fine - nothing flash. Recommend it if you are looking a well located, value for money spot.	
Oct 16 2008 	Feels Like London	Just what one would expect for a cheap hotel in the middle of London. Oddly, though I had the chance to see two rooms. When I first arrived my room was #3 a tiny room with two twin beds, a shower and sink in the room and a toilet outside of the room but inside an unlockable door marked &quot;private&quot;. This was fine with me, although I booked a single room with facilities in the room. Off I went to enjoy a walk around Hyde Park only 5 minutes away. When I returned, they had moved my luggage to room #5 for a reason they did not explain. This room had a double bed and a twin bed with shower, bath and toilet all in a room within the hotel room. Both rooms were cozy, clean, old, and typical. The staff was as good as they needed to be. Would recommend to a friend and indeed did to my friend visiting from Holland who enjoyed her stay as well.	
Apr 22 2008 	cold shower but okay otherwise	Clean room, good bed, windows open onto quiet street, not too noisy at night considering location. One shower between 7 rooms is really not adequate and it was cold in the morning. Breakfast okay if you like deep fried eggs, lukewarm beans and burnt then scraped toast. Nice staff. Toilets not so nice.	
Oct 12 2007 	Clean but beware the bedbugs	The room was a decent size and generally clean, though had that slightly grotty old feel many budget hotels in London have. Windows opened, which was a plus seeing as I stayed there for the two days of summer we had in 2007. Good location. Perfectly adequate, or so I thought.I saw a couple of bedbugs on the last night and complained to the receptionist the next day. She was very rude and couldn't care less. That day I started to develop bite marks all over me - a week later they hadn't gone and I had over 200 lumps all over and was in agony. Three months later, I still have a few scars and scabs from them.Overall, reasonable budget hotel in decent location and near to tube stations, etc, but cleanliness of the beds left a lot to be desired. Book with caution.	
Jan 6 2006	Whose Jenny and Steve	I don't know who Jenny and Steve are, and quite frankly I don't care.What I wanted was a cheap hotel with easy walking access to the centre of London for New Years Eve, and that's what I got.It was nothing special, but was a safe secure place for me to leave my stuff and sleep at night.Only real complaint is that of the 2 single rooms we booked mine smelt baddly of cigarette smoke.	
Dec 21 2005 	Good location nice enough...but cold shower!	I stayed here this weekend and found it to be quite good. The location is excellent and I didn't find it particularly noisy. There are lots of good places to eat and drink round the corner, and transport links are excellent.We had to check in at the reception desk next door and the staff were friendly enough. It was perhaps a little impersonal, but they were certainly approachable and polite.Our twin room was nice and clean with a balcony, an old tv set, and a sink. Our toilet and shower were out on the landing. My only complaint was the lack of hot water in the shower, which was disappointing when we were pleased with everything else about this hotel. I had to have a cold shower first thing in the morning which was pretty bad.Otherwise, I would stay here again purely based on the price and location alone. We were free to come and go as we pleased with very little contact with the owners.	
Aug 26 2004	A cosy home-away-from-home	Our family have stayed in this Hotel with Jenny andSteve a few times over the last ten years and found it quiet, friendly and good value for money.If the hotel has been sold to the people next doorI sincerely hope they keep the same standard of service as the previous owners. If not-this is another family who will be looking for a London base.	
Feb 14 2004	Goodbye Jenny and Steve	We began the first of many pleasant stays with Jenny and Steve at Fairways in 1987. Discovered it quite by accident and were attracted by the clean smell of furniture polish wafting out the front door. It was our London home-away-from-home. Very sorry to read in the previous review that Jenny and Steve have now retired. Good things always have to end.	
Jan 2 2004	No more Jenny and Steve :-(	I stayed here about a year ago with my daughter and we both loved it. Our room was small but cute and clean. The owners, Jenny and Steve, went out of their way to make us feel welcome and served a delicious breakfast. However, when I recently went to book this hotel again I found that it had been sold to the hotel next door. I guess the owners retired so I would never book it now. I just want to warn people to be careful.	
Oct 10 2003	Mixed Review	Friendly staff but very noisy	
