Oct 24 2009 	The nicest hotel in London	Definitely the nicest boutique hotel in London in one of the nicest neighborhoods. A 3 minute walk to the clubs of Soho and with Regents Park just to the North you can play Jane Austin al the time!	
Sep 29 2009 	Luxurious home-from-home	I've stayed here twice on my own, on both occasions it has been totally superb. The first time I stayed I received a warm welcome to the hotel, my room had been upgraded and I was allowed into it slightly early allowing me time to get to a meeting.I had dinner in the restaurant with a friend, the waiter knew it was the first time I had stayed and offered us a complimentary glass of champagne. Having stayed in alot of varied hotels in London, that kind of attention to detail is rare, well actually I've never had it anywhere else... The food was good, wine list varied. Don't think I can say enough good things about this place, I wanted to move in and now spend most months working out when I can get back down to my favourite hotel. The area is great too, a quiet pocket but handily great for drinks in soho, shopping and pretty much everything you need in London. Loads of other restaurants nearby too if you don't want to go far.	
Jun 28 2009 	Didn't realise there were hotels this good in London!	I have to say I was completely blown away by this place - admittedly this may partly be due to the fact that I was whisked off here as a surprise for my 30th birthday - but nonetheless the level of service and personal attention was brilliant. We were given a guided tour of the lounge and library area downstairs (love the Honesty Bar!), and then showed to our room where we were brought glasses of complementary champagne. Nice touch. The chap showing us around was friendly, courteous and knowledgeable - pretty much faultless service.At the risk of rambling on: beautiful room, well kitted out (good hairdryer, plenty of toiletries, robes, massive towels, tv+dvd player, umbrella in case you forgot yours!), delicious cooked breakfast brought to our room, very good air-con, fantastic shower (plus neat steam-proof mirror)...... and the room was so QUIET, which was amazing as Charlotte Street is hardly a sleepy part of town. For those of you not familiar with London, the location of this hotel could hardly be better: it's walking distance from Oxford Street shops, and there are loads of bars and restaurants right outside the hotel; plus there is a tube station just around the corner.I can't comment on price/value as obviously this stay was a surprise for me - but if you're after something a bit special, then this is your spot.	
Jun 14 2009 	My favourite hotel in London possibly anywhere!	We have stayed in this hotel on 3 occasions. On the 2nd visit there were building works in the lobby, which we were upset about as the stay was to celebrate a special occasion. We explained our situation and were immediately offered an upgraded room in the Soho hotel, another Firmdale gem. Ok, ideally we should have been told about the building when we booked, but as the problem was dealt with so well and quickly we were still impressed. And in addition to the upgrade, we were then offered a complimentary night back at the Charlotte street to be taken any time in the future - brilliant customer service. All the staff we met on each occasion were excellent, nothing too much trouble. On our last visit we were celebrating our 10th anniversary and were given champagne, a beautiful scented candle and even some bath and massage oil. Breakfast is pricey, but you don't have to take this option and there are a dozen decent coffee bars around where you can have something more reasonable.The decor is great, rooms small (unless you go for one of the luxury ones) but very nice and very well equipped and a brilliant location for Oxford St, Soho, Theatreland etc. It is an expensive hotel, but you are right in the heart of town and you get what you pay for. We love it and can't wait to go back.	
Apr 28 2009 	Very disappointing	Just returned from Charlotte Street hotel for my birthday weekend and am very disappointed. It is part of the same group at The Haymarket, and bears no comparison. We stayed at The Haymarket last year and it was just perfect, staff, service, rooms - everything was 100%. Charlotte Street is lacking - at least for the price. Our room was small, view of some ugly air conditioning units outside, no seperate shower, no tea and coffee making tray - altogether not what we were expecting. The lady on reception asked me if the room was ok - I told her how I was feeling, and then they proceeded to do nothing about it!! WHY ASK???? A small gesture of a bottle of wine in the room - something that would only cost them a fiver - but would have made me feel less disgruntled - that was all it would have taken.The breakfast - for £19.50 was grim. I had poached eggs and the plate was swimming in water - resulting in wet soggy bread - yuk! We ordered a paper and got the wrong one, and the second breakfast - in the room this time - was cold and totally inedible.This is not a Travel Lodge for goodness sake - so not what you expect for £225.00 per night.If you're going to book a london Hotel give this one a miss and try The Haymarket - you won't be disappointed!	
Mar 15 2009 	Oasis in Fitzrovia	Katja, the Hotel Manager made this stay special, her attention to detail and service was personal and professional. The hotel is charming, warm, luxurious and elegant in a bustling area of London, with great restaurants, pubs and a lively youthful excitement. Young business people frequent the area as well as University students.We stayed with our son who is studying at NYU London for the semester. We all enjoyed our stay in a beautful, large junior suite, with a spa like bath, most appreciated by our dorm living student. But, we all enjoyed every minute of our stay.	
Dec 8 2008 	Charming and Efficient	Stayed 3 nights during Thanksgiving week. Room was impeccably maintained and comfortable. WiFi worked well, if expensive. Staff was friendly but not chummy. Location truly cannot be beat--walk to Theater, Soho, Oxford Street!!	
Dec 8 2008 	So Disappointed!!	Just back from a disappointing stay at Charlotte Street. I had been so looking forward to our weekend break away but for me unfortunately Charlotte St just did not do it for me at all. I always prefer to stay in a small boutique hotel for the more personal touch but it just didnt seem to be happening here. First off we arrived early in the morning, too early for check in so left our bags at reception for a wander around the city. We had booked a show and dinner so rushed back to the hotel to have a quick shower in the evening and head back out but after checking into our room unfortunatley we found our shower was broken, we then had to ring maintenace and wait for this to be repaired. Unfortunately this meant having to cancel dinner as it went on for quite a while. Also sitting in my room while 2 guys from maintenace trudged in and out was slightly off putting to say the least!! I Anyway off we went to the show and had something to eat afterwards but arriving back at the hotel to have a drink in the bar was somthing else. At least 3 members of staff stopped us and asked us our room number ( at the door to the hotel, on the way to the bar by two staff members and again at the bar). They asked us to take a seat in the drawing room where they would bring us our drinks instead. It couldnt have been any later than 11:15 so its not like we were keeping them up until all hours of the morning. We waited 15 minutes for a glass of wine and a beer. It gets better, they have this lovely idea of an honesty bar....supposedly you can take a drink that you like from this bar and write on the book what you have taken and your room number. While we sat there drinking our drinks that we had ordered from the bar and signed for, at least four times the staff came in clearly to check what we were drinking then they would go to the &quot;honesty&quot; bar count all the items to make sure everything was there, I don't know if they thought we were going to clear the bar out or what but one drink there was certainly enough for us. The thing that really ticked me off tho was breakfast!!! When I am paying well over €600 for two nights including breakfast I think its a bit cheeky to get charged for a glass of juice and a bowl of cereal as a breakfast supplement,,,,I mean seriously are things that bad??? That was the final straw for me really. I had enough of Charlotte St and was just sooo disappointed. I had put alot of thought into booking this hotel as it was part of a surprise for my partners birthday but I just felt that any extra charge they could put on the bill they would. So if I were to go to London again I am afraid I would not be staying here. The hotel itself is lovely, so pretty from the outside but I just think it was a bit of a rip off and the staff just didnt have that lovely quality that you usually find when you stay at a smaller boutique hotel. I fell that my money could definitely have been spent a lot better.	
Oct 10 2008 	Poor value for Money during a credit crunch	I’m afraid that I found the Charlotte Street hotel poor value for money. Great location, but not really my cup of tea.The room that we were assigned was tiny and had a horrible brown pattern on the walls, bedspread, curtains etc. It made the room feel very claustrophobic. For a 5-star hotel, the hotel had very poor sound-proofing – you could hear the upstairs neighbours very easily and the constant door-slamming in the hallway drove us mad in the morning.I found the bed very small for two people and the pillows way too soft. The shower was hot and powerful, but the bath was very deep and short people might have problems stepping out of it. However, the bathroom amenities were top-notch. On the positive side, the staff were very friendly and helpful. I would only recommend this property if you are on an expense account and looking for a great location. There are better value-for-money hotels in London.	
Sep 8 2008 	Highly Recommended	Following the overwhelmingly good reviews of the Charlotte Street Hotel on this website, I booked a weekend break for my wife and myself to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and I am extremely glad I did. The Hotel was excellent. Situated just north of Oxford Street, it is within walking distance of many places of interest, and sits within a lively area with many bars and restaurants, but is not affected at all by traffic noise. The staff were very attentive and helpful, and did all they could to make our stay a pleasant one, and they totally succeeded. Although we only had breakfast at the hotel, we mean to try the restaurant the next time we stay, as the food was very good. The rooms were well presented and equipped, and we left with the feeling that we'd had a great experience, and one we want to repeat. Highly recommended	
Aug 8 2008 	Wonderful Stay	My wife and I stayed at Charlotte Street from June 17th through 20th. We were there for part of our vacation and it was truly a wonderful experience. We would definitely return. Charlotte Street would fit into the category of what we would call a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel in the U.S. We stayed in a &quot;luxury double&quot; room with a king-sized bed. The room was nicely decorated and more than adequate in size. What made Charlotte Street excellent were the little extras that are not always found in other hotels, like luxury bedding, soft robes, scented relaxation oil, bottled water by the bed in the evening, and a helpful staff that went the extra mile to make sure we had everything we needed or wanted whenever we asked. The bathroom was also large enough, with granite tile, dual sinks, and a heated mirror. We had a room at the end of the hall, and despite the bustle outside, our room was totally quiet. The restaurant and lounge were always busy, and while slightly pricey, the food was very good. There was no shortage of restaurants and pubs within 2 blocks of the hotel. Oxford Street shopping and the nearest tube station were only several blocks away as well. Overall, we'd recommend a stay at Charlotte Street, and we will return if we are in London again.	
Jul 31 2008 	Great Hotel - will return!!	A great hotel!Friendly staff, very efficient, excellent food.What's there not to like?TIP: Keep bathroom door shut - heat of towel rail makes room hot and a/c has to work too hard.	
Jun 5 2008 	Best hotel I have ever stayed in!	This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in! I can not find one negative thing to say about it. Stay, if you can afford it!	
Jun 1 2008 	Great Location. Excellent Hotel.	Location: Located in a great area close to 2 London tube stations. Almost 20 very nice restaurants across 2 adjoining blocksLobby/Look of Hotel: Very European. Hotel on street. Very unassuming but clean and niceRoom: Excellent. Very clean. Well furnished. Great bed linen. Bathroom very clean with 5 tub and shower.Hotel Restaurant: Great for a drink if you come in late at night. Restaurant closes around midnight but they move you to comfortable sofas in their cozy living room with an open bar and an &quot;honesty&quot; service (you sign for your drinks)Spa/Gym: Gym is small..1 tradmill, i cycling machine, some weights. But I never found anyone there..you should easily be able to get in a workoutService: The staff is very friendly. Also the room is cleaned twice a day..(small thing.. but at night they leave this pillow mist on the bed..which is a nice touch). Price included breakfast which could also be room service. We had omlette, coffee/tea and sausages..which was included and delivered in form of a wake up call. Great!Price: Found it a great deal at 215GBP per night before VAT. This included breakfast for 2.Other: N/A	
Apr 12 2008 	problems at charlotte street?	This was my fourth stay at Charlotte Street. I usually love this hotel, but this visit had some problems: they were painting the floor I was staying on, meaning that a painter, paint fumes, and vacuum noises permeated the small (and stuffy) hallway in front of my room; one of the hotel's two elevators was broken, meaning all staff and guests were forced to use one poky elevator; the housekeeping service seemed much more lax than on previous visits -- the rooms were tidied up at odd hours and quite late in the day for twice a day service; my shower was broken when I arrived and needed to quickly shower, change and leave the premises. For the amount you pay to stay at the Charlotte Street, these are not small matters. The front desk people are all very lovely but sometimes indifferent. Some were indeed quite nice and helpful, but others not so much. It remains a beautiful, well-located hotel, but the management, maintenance and service were surprisingly lacking this time around.	
Mar 31 2008 	charlotte street	excellent hotel with a small, boutique feel in the heart of central london. very relaxing, clean and comfortable.I stayed only for one night recently and it was an excellent base to walk around zone 1 - charlotte st itself; soho; down to china town, cov gdn and so on. ate at Roka next door which was excellent.for some reason the hotel itself had issues delivering breakfast on the sunday. they did not seem overly busy but it took a while for the food to arrive. they were apologetic and helpful though, and we had newspapers and coffees so did not really care.very relaxing.	
Mar 31 2008 	Little gem	This hotel has great staff. The location is perfect for the west end bars, clubs and shops. The hotel bar is trendy and the food is quite good. The hotel tends to quote prices net of vat so when you check out, you are in for a shock. Service charge is added to everything in the bar, which I think is wrong and should be left upto the customer to decide. Nice atmosphere trendy and cool, but expensive. (Breakfast for two £50 ontop of £300 for the room)	
Mar 26 2008	Perfect.	We spent a night at the Charlotte Street Hotel a few months ago and absolutely loved it. It's a wonderfully calm oasis in a great part of town. Our room was fantastic, wonderful decor and very confortable. Service is impeccable, but surprisingly the atmosphere is very relaxed. The whole stay was perfect from beginning to end.	
Jan 31 2008	No where better in London	Had a great stay with stylish room, amazing service and great food..... The area is lovely with great little restaurants &amp; shops and good access to the theatres and shopping...Perfect.	
Jan 31 2008	Simply The Best Hotel In London	I have stayed in all the big hotels in London over the past 20 years and I have to say, categorically, this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. A combination of superb staff, wonderful decor and a genuine feeling of escapism, makes this the perfect hotel. Faultless!!I have never written a review before but the hotel was so fantastic I felt compelled to write.Dreamy!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 2 2008 	Perfect	A wonderful hotel. The room was well appointed with everything we needed. Our meal in the restaurant was not cheap but excellent. The only thing to avoid is the overly expensive internet access. Would we stay again - oh yes indeed!	
Nov 26 2007	Home Away From Home	I had the pleasure of spending one night at Charlotte Street Hotel and I was extremely impressed not only by the fantastic ambiance and comfort of the hotel but also with the staff's first class and professional approach when dealing with their guests. I found that the staff had the ability to make you feel very welcome and make you feel as though you’re their only customer. The staff members are obviously well trained by its management. This is customer service at its best, world class!I had booked the junior suite and found it breath taking. What a welcoming feeling, from the beautifully decorated room with a bath which was just heavenly and a bed which you can crawl into and just hibernate for a few months. In particular, I liked the fact that Charlotte Street has that homely feel to it. Once in the room, it doesn’t feel like you're at a hotel but more like you’re relaxing at home. It’s really home away from home. I also had the opportunity to eat in its lovely restaurant and found the food to be world class. One of my favourite meals to eat is their club sandwich; it’s unique in its taste and is consistently good every time. I would suggest the Charlotte Street Hotel to anyone, from business professionals to persons just wanting to get away. It’s the perfect sanctuary to just relax, let go of all your inhibitions.	
Oct 22 2007	What a gem...	Amazing rooms, beautifully appointed in a relaxed yet fashionable style with none of the pretence of other London 5 stars.They have adorable extras in all the rooms (eye masks, lavender pillow sprays, beautiful toiletries, hangover kits in the minibar).The location is fab for bars and restaurants in Fitzrovia and the hotel itself has a bar which is a hit with post work drinkers. The breakfasts were great and the service polished and efficient and I would reccomend this hotel to anyone very highly (though would note for siteseeing and high end shopping e.g. Bond Street &amp; Knightsbridge) the location is not the best.A hotel not to be missed, I would return again, and again...	
Oct 7 2007 	Wow Wow Wow!!!	Just got back from a fantastic nights stay at the Charlotte Street Hotel. We wish we could have stayed longer.I booked a Loft Suite, which was amazing (and really impressed the girlfriend :o) Everything about the room was just perfect, from the fresh flowers too the two Loewe flat screen tellies!!The Staff at reception were great, and bent over backwards to make sure everything was just right! We even borrowed a couple of their DVD's from the Hotels extensive collection. Whilst we didn't eat from the restaurant itself, we did get room service and breakfast delivered to the room, and it was all very nice!If you get the chance to spend a night here……do it!!	
Aug 30 2007	Oh to be able to stay there regularly...	I was treated to an unexpected stay in London and ended up at the CSH. It was wonderful. Everything you could wish for: beautiful hotel, delightful staff, perfect bedrooms (wonderful Miller Harris products in the bathrooms)... It really was hard to get up and leave the next day. Only minor gripe is that breakfast and VAT weren't included in the price quoted which made for a jolt when paying the bill. That aside, I would definitely stay again and am in fact planning my next visit.	
Aug 26 2007 	Didn't want to leave !	Great hotel, nice amenities,great restaurant, wonderful staff and great location. What else do you want?	
Aug 18 2007 	Heaven!	True paradise. Never had such wonderful, efficient and quick service. My partner is allergic to wheat and dairy and the restaurant manager did not bat an eye lid. He said we could have what ever we wanted! never had that said to us before. We had a junior suite and it was lovely. Light, airy and very clean. Understated luxury! The only downside is that it looked over some bars/pubs which kept us up until midnight. The hotel is small enough to give personal service but big enough to have all the facilities you want. Its not cheap but you really do get what you paid for here!!! I would recommend it to anyone who wants to treat themselves. The downstairs bar is very lively and we say a lot of famous people there.	
Aug 17 2007	Lovely Hotel Excellent Location	Our stay was on a Wednesday evening having been lucky enough to win a competition which included an overnight stay at the Charlotte Street Hotel. We had a superior room on the second floor at the back of the hotel. Breakfast is not included in the price of the room.The room itself was beautiful. The bed was massive - firm mattress, plenty of pillows. It was so high that when we sat on it, our feet didn't reach the floor. The bathroom was luxurious with a large bath, separate shower cubicle, toilet and bidet, cotton towels, bathrobes and slippers - not forgetting plenty of Miller Harris miniatures. An excellent hair dryer was provided as was an umbrella (which we made good use of with our Engligh summer!). The television service offered many satellite channels (including Sky Sports). DVDs, Play-Stations and mini-iPods were availble from reception. Whilst we were out inthe evening, the room was serviced and complimentary bottles of mineral water were left by on bed side tables together with additional (herbal) miniatures. The mini-bar was well stocked (and priced in line with the room prices) but we didn't allow ourselves to be tempted. A full laundry service was available, as were irons and ironing boards which housekeeping will bring to your room.Breakfast is served in the restaurant / bar on the ground floor. We opted for the 'Full Oscar' - fruits, yogurts etc, followed by a choice of cooked breakfast. I ordered smoked salmon and scrambled egg with mushrooms - the plate arrived with one (flat)mushroom, which we thought was quite funny. Hubby had an omlette with haddock. It was all delicious and service was friendly and attentive. In all honesty though - if we had to pay for our own breakfast, we would have popped out to a cafe around the corner.Also on the ground floor were 2 small lounges, beautifully furnished, for the exclusive use of guests.The only disturbance I heard was from the early visit of bin men -but they were soon gone. I made the most of my good fortune in the morning, and lazed about in the large sunny room reading my complimentary newspaper unitl checkout at 11am. After that, it was back to work and back to reality after my bubble of opulance.Overall the hotel was beautiful and all of the staff were friendly, helpful and ready with a smile. The only downer for me was the lack of a kettle (I am a real little t-pot) - but there was 24 hour room service if required. If you are looking for somewhere special I can thoroughly recommend the Charlotte Street hotel. It was simply delightful.	
Apr 23 2007 	Wonderful Hotel in Great Area!	What an awesome stay! Just returned from a 4-day stay at The Charlotte Street Hotel. We had stayed at the Soho Hotel a year earlier and liked that experience so much that we wanted to try one of it’s sister hotels. The room and the service were exactly on par with the Soho Hotel. The location was even better! It felt even more neighborhoody. It truly felt like our home in London. The service was incredible and the room was HUGE (for this city). It was impeccably decorated and maintained. Plus, the bathroom was huge with a separate tub and shower! The room also had a flat screen TV with HD, and a DVD player. The café was delicious (although pricey) and the pub across the street was bustling. In addition ,a variety of superb restaurants line the street.The ONLY downside of the hotel was the gym. I was extremely disappointed in the equipment. It was a tiny room with 3 machines and some weights. I could have dealt with the size of the room, but the actual machines were disgusting and old. I was shocked that this beautiful hotel would have such a nasty, tiny gym. The Soho Hotel had a nice size workout room with new equipment—I expected something similar from this hotel. I would stay at the Charlotte Street Hotel again in a second—I just wouldn’t plan on working out there!	
Feb 20 2007	Servie dissappointing for price!	Although we work in London we stayed in this hotel for our anniversary staying in a deluxe room. The hotel is funky and our room was a great size, beautifully decorated in a contemporary style with nice touches. As the hotel is in central London the bar was busy but hotel guests can have drinks in one of 2 reception rooms which were warm and inviting. The problem was that service although friendly was extremely slow both in taking our orders and then bringing the drinks. There is a honesty bar in the larger of the two sitting rooms which is great unless you want a particular wine off the good wine list. We also had to move rooms once we had retired to bed at 1.30am as there was a noisy air conditioning unit which prevented us from going to sleep although the next morning they said no one had complained of any noise before and after some pushing offered us complimentary breakfast. With our total bill ex dinner coming at nearly £500 and without breakfast not being included in the room rate there are probably better hotels to stay in the capital.	
Feb 19 2007 	Start your romantic weekend here	It's been a few days since my wife and I returned from a night's stay Charlotte Street Hotel and she is still being nice to me! Of course it helped that we stayed in the junior suite, that we had a bottle of champagne waiting for us and that we had a fantastic breakfast delivered to our room in the morning. And yes, it helped that I paid £400 per night (including VAT, that is - can anyone tell me when London hotels stopped including VAT in their quoted rates?), but judging from the reviews on this site, even at that price London hotels seem to be bit hit and miss.Perhaps it was the attentive, but unobtrusive service, or was it the generous size of the rooms in a classic, unfussy style that you would expect from a boutique hotel. Put all that in a side street off Oxford Road where it is quiet enough to get a good night's sleep, but close enough to Soho to be part of the action - and you have the makings of a romantic weekend in the big city.	
Feb 13 2007	Can’t rave enough about the place	I stayed at the Charlotte Street Hotel a weekend in February (2 nights) and I can’t rave enough about the place although it is expensive.We had booked a Luxury double and were upgraded on arrival to a Suite in the loft with views over the rooftops (expensive became less so!). The hotel is beautifully designed by Kit Kemp and each room is individual. Apparently Kit oversees every element in every room and I can certainly say that ours was lovely. It has a restaurant onsite - Oscars and 24hr room service. Whilst we didn’t eat in the restaurant I can say that the food was good from room service (and prompt too!).One of the best bits though was our room had its own button in the lift!Our lovely suite was so light and bright and fantastically designed with separate bathroom, living room and bedroom. The bathroom had double sinks and separate shower enclosure – which could have housed a whole rugby team. There was even a skylight. The smellies were delightful and broke from the boutique norm of Molton Brown. The living room was beautifully laid out with a cosy sofa and chairs and book cases filled with books – it felt very English in an unstuffy lack of chintz way…. and I could see the London eye from the Sofa (which was glowing pink at night). The bedroom was huge by London standards and had a canopied bed and plenty of hanging space and storage (again a rarity). There was another TV here and radio on the bedside table, I found the bed a little bit hard although my husband thought it was spot on. The room was so nice I didn’t want to leave and go anywhere else. However the shops beckoned and we did – the hotel is in North Soho or Bloomsbury (depending on your map) just north of Oxford Street and to the west of Tottenham Court Road so plenty of shops on the doorstep. The second night we had dinner in a Japanese restaurant (Roka) down the road recommended by the hotel that we pre-booked. The recommendation was very good and I’m glad we booked although Charlotte Street is bedecked with eateries.Wanting to get back to our lovely hotel we came back to the Drawing Room where there was an open fire and an honesty bar. Unlike another reviewer who found this an unpleasant experience, we didn’t encounter any problems jotting down the extent of our libations. Only downside – we didn’t have long enough to take advantage of all the bells and whistles, bathroom was up two small steps so in the night I inevitably stubbed my toe and upon check out it was difficult to get a taxi (although this was because London had ground to a halt for the Bafta’s).Can definitely say we’ll be back and maybe we’ll see more of the hotel next time.	
Dec 1 2006 	Worthwhile........but	Charlotte Street Hotel is a member of the Firmdale Group of hotels (see their website) and is positioned well for shopping and also for dining with many small restaurants nearby. The rooms in the hotel are beautifully presented - the décor modern with a classic twist. Bathrooms and showers are top class and personal touches like the welcome gifts really make the place special. We have stayed at Charlotte Street a number of times for business and pleasure. We have also stayed at the Soho Hotel and the Covent Garden Hotel which are also part of Firmdale group and are similarly furnished to Charlotte Street. So if one is fully booked we usually stay at another. These hotels while great are also very expensive if you stay regularly (there appears to be no loyalty programmes). This time at Charlotte Street, we paid around £320 for our double deluxe or was it a luxury double and this price did not include breakfast. The room was, as usual, all class, beautifully presented and impeccably clean. The bed though was indeed small (see comments on Trip Adviser) but this has not always been the case in other rooms we have stayed in at the hotel.The only real blight on the horizon for me is the service at breakfast. In fact, this time it was so appalling I felt like crying. I ended up having to almost crash tackle a waiter to get a cup of coffee. I then had to use similar techniques to get juice and water. After achieving the impossible and placing an order for a full breakfast I then waited a considerable length of time for my breakfast to be delivered – long enough for me to almost query if my order had been mislaid. Now I was not alone in my battle for service - there were comments from other tables on these very issues. Breakfasts in this hotel are expensive – starting at £19 for a continental rising to £28 for a full so one would assume service is mandatory. In actual fact, you would find better service in an automatic food dispenser shop. Now this is not just a Charlotte Street Hotel issue I have had similar ongoing experiences at Firmdale's Covent Garden Hotel as well. This level of service offered might suffice for the holidaymaker on the occasional trip to London but for those who frequent London constantly it really is not good enough! On the upside though - so long as I don't think about the breakfast issues - I would stay here again if necessary and heartily recommend the hotel. And the breakfast and lack of service? Well - their continental breakfast is self service so I could opt for that and crash tackle the waiters for fluids as required or even better I will probably, in future, breakfast elsewhere!	
Oct 7 2006 	Smallest beds in London	Beware of the &quot;queen&quot; size beds that are actually &quot;full&quot; sized beds and not at at all suitable for 2 adults over 5.10&quot;. . At 275 GBP the service is awful. The bar is very ordinary with lackluster service. Only redeeming quality to the place is the location.	
Sep 26 2006 	consistently excellent	what can I say about The Charlotte Street Hotel? I am almost reluctant to tell everyone how lovely, buzzy, well-located, cozy and well catered it is! We have stayed there 4 times now and from the room service - lovely quality and nice understated service, to the great decor and excellent bar, just cannot fault it. this part of London is a real find with a great little dance club just down the street which plays '80-s music to indie to chart. how can you ask for more? the hotel is pricey but really is worth it. it just has a great atmosphere. it has made for a few memorable stays and has become our 'special place' in London	
Aug 15 2006	FAB..where do they find these beds ???	We have the good fortune of being able to travel quite frequently around the world. In late July we booked a large suite at Charlotte Street. I know that the check in time was in the late afternoon, but asked if we could possibly check in early since our flight arrived in the late morning. I was told that they would do their best, but the hotel was fully booked. We arrived around 200p and low and behold..no room, they told me to return around 400p and the room should be ready. Oh well, dropped off the luggage and headed to Central for some shopping and walking off a little lingering jet lag. Returned to the hotel at the appointed time and... no room, there seemed to be a bit of confusion about who had the key and whether housekeeping had actually cleaned the room, about 30min later..viola...the room was ready..hmmmThe room itself was fabulous, bedroom off to the left of the center hall, center bathroom and powder room and to the right a very cosy living room. Like all the Tablet hotels, the bed was amazingly comfortable, I cant describe how comfortable it is, my only wish is they would tell me where to buy one !!!My only real gripe was that the doorman was a little abrupt with my girlfriend making her feel uncomfortable when she arrived. He also didnt help her as she struggled with her luggage getting it out of the taxi.We didnt try out the restaurant, Soho has so many to chose from we explored the neighborhood. We did try the gym which was small but well equipped. Room Service was terrific and the food while a bit pricey, very good.We will return.!	
Jun 1 2006	Lovely but can't justify its rates	I stayed at the Charlotte St Hotel with my boyfriend after booking one of their sister hotels for 2007 instead of this year! The only room available was at Charlotte St. It was a lovely room (the bathroom was superb) and we couldn't fault the service. However the room rate was ridiculously expensive for what we got and the breakfast was not included and cost us £50 for two! Ideal for American tourists who have money to burn but personally we wouldn't stay there again.	
May 28 2006 	This is a very nice hotel with great service and location	I turned up from Gatwick after a delayed flight only to be greeted by warm staf and a loevly room with all the 5 star trimmings, food is awesome and lounge area is stylsih  feels like home and every room is different with a great vibe for artists , musos or people who dont like stuffy 5 star try hards....i will return and recoomend it highly ....room servie menu is great &amp; breakfast inc is supreme quality - a bit exy 150 - 300 pounds but hey u r in london and walking ditance form eveything you could wish for....try it i did for 3 nighst instead of one as planned ....	
Nov 30 2005	A Class Act	This is an understated hotel with extraordinary service. They even have a vegan menu in an excellent kitchen. I will always stay here when i'm in London. It's also a fav with the acting fraternity who visit the lux theatrette in the hotel for advance screenings.	
Sep 1 2005	All the luxury you need	My husband and I were lucky enough to stay here for our wedding anniversary and were so taken with the room that we dropped our plans of a cinema trip in favour of snuggling up in the fluffy bathrobes and watching one of the DVDs from the hotels' extensive DVD library. Loved every minute of it.Ok so it's a little expensive, but the location is great, the service impeccable and the bed the softest.	
Jun 30 2005 	Charlotte Street= classy and quaint	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel while he was in London on business. The room was cozy, clean and wonderfully decorated. The staff was very friendly and we loved the lounge area with the cozy fireplace. I would go back to the Charlotte St. Hotel in an instant!	
May 30 2005 	Nice hotel in a trendy area	My stay was great rooms clean and cosy, good service, nice library with fireplace to have a drink in. Lot of nice restaurants in the area. Would want to stay here next time as well but it is rather expensive.	
Jan 12 2005	Slip-ups let this place down		
Jan 3 2005	Comfortable stylish excellent location		
Nov 22 2004	Great stay at Charlotte Street		
Aug 26 2004	Poor function room services		
Jun 14 2004	Poor service at the bar!		
Jun 8 2004	A beautiful friendship		
Dec 8 2003	Mix of classic and funky		
Nov 16 2003	Definitely nice hotel but staff a bit unattentive		
Jan 10 2003	Top Notch		
May 21 2002	Looks can be deceiving!		
May 21 2002	strepitoso !		
Apr 21 2009 	Parfait		
