Jun 17 2009 	Cheap and cheerful	I stayed four times at the Green Court Hotel in 2007, to-ing and fro-ing from London for job interviews. The hotel is cheap and cheerful, very basic indeed; the staff is quite kind and helpful. Breakfast is minimalist but acceptable (considering the price). The rooms are of inconsistent quality (or lack of):1st stay: had a tiny room on the first floor. Really tiny - not even place to open the suitcase, but with an incredibly beautiful balcony on the Hogarth Road. Loved it.2nd: big room on top floor (no lift of course). Noisy with the tube so close, but really spacious for the price3rd: huge room on the back of the reception. Felt a bit &quot;promiscuous&quot; as I could hear everything that was going on there, but liked the high ceilings and the overall dimensions.4th: tiny room like the first, but no balcony, had to stay there four days and felt pretty miserable. Luckily it was my last - and successful - interview.The decor of all the rooms is really vintage (1940?) but I do prefer a seasoned ambiance than a soulless cheapness. All of the room an ensuite bathroom and a working tv set. Cleanliness is not perfect but not awful either. All in all, it was ok - it's really cheap and you can't expect much more for that price.	
May 13 2009 	Budget Hotel in Earl`s Court	Stayed with a friend of mine at this hotel. staff was very friendly all time. breakfast time is from 8 till 9, but the breakfast lady is very friendly. you got a choice between cereals, toast with mermelade and coffee or tea. we stayed in a room on the ground floor and were pretty pleased for the price and the location. the hotel is situated in a nice street, although you can hear the tube. but we had no problems sleeping. anyway, if you book a hotel for little money, your expectations have to be adequate. For traveller on a small budget the hotel seems to be a good choice. i would go there again!	
Feb 28 2008	It was ok.	We were stuck (tough to get something reasonable for 3 people)and took a chance (been some bad reviews)and it was ok. Sure there is mold, creaking floors, noise from the street (our room was bottom floor at front) and the rest of the hotel but what do you expect to get for this price in London and this area. (You can stay across the road for 4 x the price if you want class) The metro is a comfortable walking distance and the eateries around the area are fantastic in range and budget. The beds were good, had hot water, a toilet and shower that worked, heating in the room and a door that locked. There is no lift though, as with most budget places! For the money (hey anything in the UK is outragously priced) we were happy to stay 2 nights. BTW - earplugs did help!	
Sep 20 2007 	Filthy bug infested hotel	Don't even think about staying at this filthy hotel. It is infested with bed bugs. My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a week and got bitten at least 50 times each, probably more. The bites started some kind of an allergic reaction and we looked like we had psoriasis or something worse. Had to spend a lot of money on medical bills when we got home. And there is also the risk of spreading the bugs to your home. This could require a very expensive sanitation. The hotel may seem cheap but, at least for us, it turned out to be quite expensive. Also it ruined the holiday. The hotel doesn't even reply when we have contacted them to demand a compensation. Even if the bugs don't scare you there are many other reasons not to visit this hotel: There is no hot water most of the day. The breakfast is a waste of time, a paperthin toast with jam. The hotel is very noisy with doors slamming. The bedsheets are bloodstained (because of the bugs I suppose). And the rooms are so filthy you won't believe it!!! Even the ensuite bathroom doesn't justify the price as most shared bathrooms would probably be cleaner (and have hot water all day).	
Jul 10 2007	Neutral feelings after 4 nights	Cheap considering the price level in London. The quality was accordingly low - as expected, of course, so actually nothing to complain about that.The location is just excellent. I cannot recommend this hotel to persons that have problems with noise - trains go near and the walls are thin - the reception was next to our room and one could hear everything (also an alarm &quot;pling&quot; that sounded every time someone went out or came in to the building). But for others: a relatively cheap place to sleep with a tolerable price/quality ratio.	
Feb 5 2007	Awful - dont go!! 	Just returned from a stay in London and had to stay in this god-awful hotel. There where 6 of us staying in 2 triple rooms. Room 1 was small and smelt of mould, thats where us guys stayed. The supposed ensuite bathroom and shower are actually outside the room and where disgusting. The toilet door did not lock so you had to hold it closed, the shower room across the hall had dirty walls and corroded pipes. The ceiling in the toilet would leak when the person in the room above used their shower. Room 2 was even worse. There where mushrooms and fungus growing on the cieling and cockroaches running around the floor. In the bathroom the tiled floor was broken and there was mould on the cieling. The girls where afraid to go to bed as they did not know what kind of wild life would be visiting them in the night. When we got up for breakfast we where told there was no room for us. This is without doubt the dirtiest and smelliest place I have ever slept and I have even slept in a field for a night without a tent. I would rather sleep rough than at this place again. I cannot convey to you just what a disgusting and run down hole this place is. Save your pennies and go anywhere else.	
Aug 15 2006 	Nice :)	We went to this hotel for 4 nights. It's a small hotel, and the rooms (incl. bathroom) are small but nice to stay in for couple of nights. We went to town every day en we came back somewhere in the night. The reception is 24/7 open en you can always get your key. Everyday clean towels and the rooms have tv and a ventilator. The breakfast is very simple (milk with cornflakes and 2 toast and coffee or tea) but it's enough for this price. Conclusion: nice hotel! But if you don't like the subway, bad luck, the hotel is next to the subway rail (but the trains drive till 0.00 hour or something....not bad.....it didn't bother us)	
Jun 18 2006	Worst Hotel ever	Dirty, worn out, hotel. Worst we have ever stayed in. Not enough seats for residents to eat breakfast. would never go there again and reccomend others to do the same	
Jun 1 2006	Decent price/quality ratio	I had to book a room at the last minute and this hotel suited my needs. The location can't be beat (a short walk to tube stop) and we enjoyed the coffee and toast in the morning. We had the first floor room behind the reception desk; it was decent sized, and very basic with no frills. But it seemed clean enough, especially the bathroom. We had hot water, clean towels and polite staff. It is a very dated and tattered hotel, but for the price it wasn't as bad as I was expecting.	
Jan 4 2006	Bad experience	I visited this hotel with my husband for 4 days. It was a bad choice. It was terribly worn and dirty. My elbows and knees got red and itchy because of the products they used to clean the sheets. The bed was so uncomfortable I ended the trip with a backache. Our room was right behind the front desk and we could hear the front door bell everytime, night and day. And to finish, our door didn't work, and everytime we open the door it slammed (the system to avoid it was broken). One night we were leaving the room for diner and neither my husband nor me held the door (I thought he would do it and he thought the same in reverse), as we did every time, so it slammed. This guy at the front desk started shouting at us &quot;you're waking up the guests...use your brain!&quot;. After that I decided I wouldn't ever come back to this hotel.	
Jul 7 2004	Don't go!!	In this hotel there is not a fair ratio between the price and the quality. Don't prebook, and check room before you consider checking in.Very worn down, rooms not very clean, lousy beds (springs easily felt), broken light bulbs, no hot water (boiler apparently broken AGAIN), very poor breakfast of cheapest quality. For the same price you can easily find better in the same neighborhood.	
Jun 3 2004	Basic inexpensive hotel	Spent one night at the Green Court on my way back through London. Had booked a single (tiny) ensuite that I saw before booking but when I checked in was given a double on the ground floor at the back. So the room was quite large and comfortable. It and the bath were clean although somewhat worn. The hotel did not seem to be full, saw no one else at breakfast, so I did not hear other guests but was lulled to sleep by the rumbling of the underground trains. Breakfast was juice, toast, cereal, and coffee or tea. The staff was friendly and helpful. This is a basic hotel with a good location - within 3 minutes walk of the Earls' Court tube station. There is no lift. It was fine for 1 nights stay. For a longer stay and for just a few pounds more per night, there are better hotels with more amenities in the area. 	
Apr 21 2004	not good at all	not very good hotel. dissappointing weekend still trying to sort out complaint with hotel over poor hygiene	
Mar 30 2004	It's OK	Just came back from London trip stayted in this hotel. This is an average hotel. Rooms are average. It is bit noisy. It seems like the walls are too thin. We could hear other people talking out side the room, in the lobby and outside. Our room was on first floor. The Good things about this hotel are - Great Location (very close approximity to Earl's Court Station) and Free Breakfast (Cereal and toast with choice of tea/coffee and juice). Staff was helpful.	
May 17 2009 	Hotel correct pour courts séjours		
Oct 24 2008 	????????????		
Apr 15 2008 	Hotel à éviter !!!		
