Oct 2 2009 	Exceeded my expectations	PROSCentral location in London (near Hyde Park). Friendly and helpful staff. Secure doors (chip card). LCD TV. Fridge. A/C. Safe. Tea/coffee making facilities. Telephone. Lovely, simple decoration. Comfortable bed. Clean towels, toilet and tap/sink (but the sink is too small). Perfectly clean bathroom with beautiful tiles (I think it was refurbished recently). Quiet room – good rest (I had asked for a quiet room when I booked the room after reading others' comments). Low price (£45 per night for a single room) which includes a modest breakfast.CONSMy room was in the basement so there was no natural light, however, the artificial light was absolutely fine (I was in the city during daylight hours anyway so it didn't bother me). No alarm clock (but nowadays everbody has a mobile /cellular/ phone for this purpose). No hairdryer. No wireless internet access (I had my own mobile internet dongle with me but signal strength was too low in the basement, however, it's still strong enough for a mobile /cellular/ phone call). There is a door (locked, of course) between room No3 (it was mine) and room No2; fortunately for me, the other guest was also a quiet one. No shower curtain in the bathroom between the shower and the toilet. Not really a con: Modest breakfast (self-service in a small area where you can watch TV (BBC News) while eating; slices of white and brown bread (you can toast them), tea, coffee, butter, jam, slices of cheese, hard-boiled eggs, cornflakes (but no muesli), milk, orange juice).SUMMARYYou can hardly find a better place to stay in central London at this price. If I have to come back to London, I will definitely stay there. (Dissatisfied reviewers might have stayed at luxury hotels previously and that is why their expectations were not met.)	
Sep 28 2009 	Grotty cramped unpleasant hotel.	Made the error of booking before reading reviews on TripAdvisor. Believe the majority - this is not a place you want to stay. Extremely cramped, bathroom was dirty with hair stuck on the tiles (not either of ours!) No sugar with compliment tray, no bottled water, nothing at all even available to buy in fridge. Dangerous-looking nails sticking out randomly from side of (door-less) wardrobe, tv and kettle cables hanging down wall, breakfast (which I didn't eat) insufficient and consisting of cheese slices, 2 pieces of leftover toast, small amount of cereal and they had run out of milk. Big shame, area was quite nice so would recommend one of the other hotels with better reviews (which can't be hard to find). Avoid like the black death.	
Aug 15 2009 	Pretty ordinary good location but much better budget hotels elsewhere	Stayed here for a few nights in early August. As has been mentioned the staff are less than helpful. Wireless internet didn't work whilst i was there and despite others complaining, the staff insisted it worked. The room I stayed in smelt and was extremely small. The bathroom was quite possibly the smallest i have ever seen. I could sit on the toilet, wash my hands in the sink and clean my legs in the shower all at the same time if i wanted. I was on the top floor which is quite a hike from reception as there is no lift, stairs especially towards the top are quite steep and narrow so if you are elderly or less abled make sure you are not on the upper levels. Room could also have done with airconditioning.The location is good and thats essentially why i stayed there, its close to paddington station and hyde park. There are alot of budget hotels in london and I only stayed here because I wanted a cheap hotel in a decent location, but after staying here and at other budget hotels in london, there are far better places to stay for the same price elsewhere in the city.	
Nov 20 2008 	Don't go there!!!!!!	This is the worsed hotel we ever stayed in and we have seen a lot all over the world. Just a few remarks to keep you away from this hotel: - Girl at reception was not even willing to be friendly. - Terrible smell in the room. - Room too dirty to even touch anything. - Dust and other not recognizable stuff everywhere. - Blankets looked like they were used for years without being dry cleaned. - Not possible to close the window. Lock was and most likely still is broken.- Not possible to have a night sleep without waking up due to the horrible bed.Now it's just crossing our fingers that we haven't got any weird bacteria or virus. The only possitive thing was a fast check out!	
Jul 22 2008 	Basic but OK	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. It was one of the cheapest hotels we could find that didn't have a shared bathroom and overall it was OK. It's close to Paddington and Lancaster Gate stations and we've had 3 quiet nights of good sleep. We didn't expect much more out of our hotel. It's not the Hilton, you shouldn't pick this hotel for romance, great breakfasts or good conversations with the hotelstaff, but just sleep here, wake up, spend your money in the city and come back to sleep again.	
Jul 3 2008 	Worst hotel you can find	One word to describe this dumb is MOLD. The overall smell in the stairs is overwhelming and it doesn't get better in the rooms either. No matter how much they used the different kinds of &quot;airfresheners&quot; , the smell was awful. Rooms were very tiny (the girl at the reseption tried to convince me that the rooms were all the same size, which they were not!) and the fitted carpets had not been cleaned for ages. Also the towels and sheets were untidy, I'm not sure if they had been washed after the previous customers... What they called &quot;breakfast room&quot; was the tiny resption desk! You had to wait for your turn for the modest breakfast...This was an absolute letdown, try to find somewhere else to stay!	
Jun 29 2008 	horrible!	If you don't know yet how terrible a hotel can be, then try this one! Awful rooms, awful personnel, a noise insulation is absolutly absent; $10 would be too much for this 'hotel' but imagine -- one room/one night costed 45 pounds!	
Jun 15 2008 	We walked out....	I have stayed in a lot of hotels in the 2-3* range but I have never seen another place quite as horrible as this. After arriving at approximaltey 8pm, we were sent to a room in the basement. We went down some very narrow dirty stairs where the room was located next to a storage room. When looking at the room, I could not believe it was still operating. There were stains on the bed spreads, hairs in the pillows (two very old flat pillows had been stuffed in to each case), the fan sounded like it was about to fall out the roof, the light was half hanging out the socket, the bathroom smelt of stale urince, the shower had pink and black mould throughout and if we wanted to open the window, all we could smell was the garbage sitting outside. We spoke to the manager who was argumentative and defensive. He said that people don't sleep on the bedspread so the stains were not a problem, he stated that all pillows have hair in them, the mould in the shower was normal particularly as it had been there for years, and asked what we expected from a 2* cheap hotel. As this was our normal budget for our many prior trips, we knew what to expect!!! This was simply horrible. We walked out and found a much nicer hotel closer to everything in Paddington for much less money. He would not give our money back, but it was not a place that could be slept in. Do not waste your time or effort. Avoid it at all costs.	
Oct 17 2007 	Biggest dump ever seen	I have stayed in over 100 different hotels in more than 20 different countries and this was the worst place I have ever stayed. There are bare wires in the bathrooms, 'stinck' pipes from toilets immediately outside of windows, the rooms are incredibly small and they cram fold-up beds into small rooms and call them 'family rooms'. The staff are useless and stole items from our suitcase while we were away from the room. There are firedoors propped open and the diningroom consists of foldout tables and chairs in the very small reception area. What a DUMP. We got out of there before our reservation days were complete and were so happy we didn't ask for our money back.	
Aug 25 2007 	Fire stopper of Door stopper	I have a few concerns in regard to the fire safety at this hotel, most of the fire doors throughout this hotel were wedged open and even some were held open with fire extinguishers. When I mentioned this to the staff they told me it was to make it easy for the guest to get in and out of the hotel. I think the staff need to be trained in the the fire the regulations and why fire doors are fitted. I would not stop there again, I did make sure that I was able to get out of the hotel by a window if there had been a fire.The Hotel itself needs updating and refubishment. NOT recommended.	
Aug 23 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!!	We arrived at this hotel and were told we could not stay due to &quot;a flood in some of the rooms&quot;, we were then told we would be moved to a higher star hotel but must pay an additional £5 for this, which unwillingly we paid. We entered the new hotel and room which we found to be a single room with a sofa (we had paid for a double room), the beds had only a thin woolen &quot;picnic blanket&quot; as covers and the shower room was dirty. We requested from the new hotel a double room but were told this was not available. We returned to the original hotel to complain about this, and after some persuasion were told they did actually have a room available but were going to give it to a single gentleman who had not yet checked in. When we entered this room we found it had not been cleaned to any standard, there were cobwebs in all corners and dust on the surfaces. We also found that it was not possible to sit on the toilet in the normal fasion and close the bathroom door at the same time, it was necessary to turn &quot;side saddle&quot; to sit. The shower head required you to hold it to enable you to shower as there was no holder. We had no natural light to the room because if we were to open the curtains we were struck with a view of a courtyard full of rubish.I also found that any noises made at any part of the floor we were staying on, could be heard in our room; not pleasent when trying to sleep.	
Aug 12 2007	THIS PLACE IS CRIMINAL	First time in the UK, got off a plane after a 24hr flight, need a good rest, get to hotel, check in, climb up many flights of stairs to what was obviously designed as the servents childrens room (yes it was the smallest room I have ever seen). I see that the bed was next to an open window and was saturated, the room smelled of a putrid odeor. A combination of ciggarette smoke and mold. The bathroom was a shower with a toilet infront of it. IM NOT GOING TO STAY IN THIS HOLE! Informed at the front desk that no other room is available, and can't get money back. We demand that they return our money, but they say that only one night of our two night stay can be electronicaly returned by the manager who is not in. We leave the hotel to find other accommodation. The money is not returned and so they are basically thieves with standards that are lower than low.For that money dont expect the Ritz, but in an international city like London, you certainly don't expect the slums of Calcuttu. If you think that you can only expect that standard for your money in London, you are wrong!!! This hotel would be illegal in Australia, and my only regret is that I didn't call the police.Not a good start to my trip.	
Aug 10 2007 	Little Rough Round The Edges	Quite good for your money ,as you got to remember the hotel is situated in central london.Friendly staff.I had a family room, 2 double beds ( good quiet nights sleep!)Small bathroom, showerhead was not fixed in place so you had to hold it while you washed.Painting and decoration was a bit worn..On the last night the lighting failed to work so we told the staff who followed it up , tried to sort it out but it did not improve.Did not have breakfast as it was a bit crowded, and was a reception and breakfast room in 1.Handy shops just round the corner.All in all we had a relatively okay stay at Glendale Hyde Park Hotelbut don't expect luxery!!	
Jun 15 2007 	What a dump	We stayed in London for 2 nights - i was taking my girlfriend to a show for her birthday. It was lucky we had such a great time as the hotel was a dump. Our room was tiny and in the basement. The view out of the back window was what looked like a junk yard. The bedside light didn't work - not a big problem, neither was the broken toilet seat which was hanging off, or the shower head holder which was shattered and so you needed to hold the shower yourself. The bathroom was so small you couldnt sit on the toilet properly unless you had the door open, you also needed to lean over the toilet to reach the miniscule sink. We didn't bother to have breakfast as it was in the tiny reception. We were kept up the first night as the guys from the hotel came down to talk right outside our room untill my girlfriend had to tell them to shut up. All in all shocking we are coming back to london next year but definatly not to this hotel.	
Jun 9 2007 	A Typical Budget Hotel	During our 4-day trip in London, we stayed at Glendale Hyde Park Hotel, where the rooms are micro-sized!!! So small that we hardly had space to open up our luggages!! If the room is microsized, wait till you’ve seen the toilet!! Nano-sized, if there's such a word!! I could reach the ends of the toilet walls with my arms stretched out. The width on the other hand, spans only the length of one of my arms!! Pathetic is the word! Imagine fitting a toilet bowl, a sink and a shower area in that small space! When I use the toilet, I had to even sit with my legs 45 degrees to the left!! Otherwise, the door can’t close :p To be honest, I consider myself an averagely built Asian girl. If I have problems using the toilet, I wonder how many other ppl who’d stayed here could close the toilet door while using the toilet! Ha! On a nicer note, it does have its strong points. Location is one: Being located just 5 mins walk from 2 tube stations: Paddington and Lancaster Gate, we had no problems at all getting around. The beds were comfortable enough for 5 good nights’ sleep and most importantly, it’s cheap: 20 pounds pppn, incl breakfast (which consisted of toast with jams, butter and cheese, orange juices, cereal and fresh milk). ?	
Apr 10 2007	Look Elsewhere	If you need a place in the Paddington area, this will suffice--but it's overpriced for what you get. I was there at the start and end of a trip, and I had two different rooms. The first room, a single, was very small, which is okay, but the bed was terrible and the bathroom was the size of a postage stamp. I could also hear the loud conversations and footsteps in the rooms above me. The second room was a double (they said they had no singles, which I doubted), and the bed was just as bad there. Also, the lights didn't work. Breakfast is nothing to speak of: hard-boiled eggs, some sliced cheese, toast; don't expect a full breakfast. The staff is helpful and friendly, however.	
Mar 23 2007 	Central hotel but very low standard.	Rooms very very small, hardly no room to move about, the toilet is a laugh, one have to leave the door open or cut off his legs!!! the room was dirty, broken curtain rail no privicay from the outside, reported twice but not fixed, no remote for tv, no linen change during our 1 week stay, asked for it but did not get it, missing buld never replaced, very drafty room as the windows do not shut properly, breakfast room/reception small sometimes you have to wait your turn to have breakfast. We knew what we where getting for the money we paid, S45, daily for a double room, but we usually visit london once a year and stay in the Paddington area and pay similar rates and had no problems before.On a positive note the hotel is in the centre of London so it is very handy.	
Mar 3 2007 	Disgusting	A truly disgusting hovel... Rude reception staff , small tatty rooms , old beds no lifts lots of narrow stairs . just really really gross	
Feb 15 2007 	DUMP	This place is a dump. I always book budget hotels because I am never in them too long anyway - so I don't expect much. So far I have had pretty good luck at getting a relatively clean hotel/room for a reasonable price. But this place was so disgusting that I could not even go back for a quick nap. The room was dirty - walls were gross - the bathroom was so small you had to dodge the sink to get you butt on the toilet. The shower was full of black crude and sludge. This place is questionable at best. I'd spend the extra couple pounds a night and find a nice budget hotel elsewhere....maybe the Crestfield Hotel out by Kings Cross. I wish I took some photo's to load - you'll have to take my word for it.....stay elsewhere!	
Jan 10 2007	A good place to stay in London	Every time we visit London we stay in this small nice Hotel near Paddington station. Location is very good, rooms are small but convenient. Cleaning works and every day there were clean towels. Shower and toilet work and TV works. In room is also refrigerator which is good. Breakfast is great (bread, cheese, eggs, jam, conflakes, tee/coffee juice, milk e.t.c.) compared with other hotels in London there we stayed earlier. You eat breakfast in the lobby near reception. Someone may not like it but we thought it was nice. Hotel staff were nice and helpful and great persons. Price/quality relation is ok in this Hotel. We love this Hotel and it's staff, we have satyed in Glendale Hyde Park Hotel now 10 times and will stay every time in future when we visit London.	
Dec 15 2006 	You get what you pay for	The rooms are small but cosy and comfortable enough. The toilets need some getting used to but at least there's hot water. They don't top up your shampoo and bath gels daily, so you better bring your own. (Or maybe it's becos i didn't leave a daily tip!!) There are limited TV channels (no satellite as advertised).For breakfast - it is advisable you wake up super early and head down to get some seats like 15 mins before the official time, if not you will be standing around waiting helpless anyway. And don't expect much spread - it's bread, cheese, cornflakes, milk, juice and coffee EVERY morning. Pray you don't get the upper floors cos lugging your bags thru the narrow (and i mean narrow) stairway is no joke. Location-wise, it is a 5 minute brisk walk to Paddington Station. Very convenient to get around.The hotel reception people are very friendly and personable. If you are not too high maintenance, this bed and breakfast is good enough.	
Nov 30 2006 	Hotel staff ++++++++	The Hotel staff were so nice and friendly! You get what you pay for.	
Oct 29 2006 	not bad	The rooms were clean, the staff friendly, &amp; it is located close to Paddington Station &amp; Hyde Park. On our 1st stay we were on the top floor &amp; the stairs were 'interesting' for my husband who has bad knees but the desk clerk helped, The 2nd time we stayed there the hotel was overbooked but they squeezed us into a small room in the basement- not great, very small bathroom, but well maintained. The breakfast in the morning was simple but of unlimited amounts in the time alloted. I particularly liked the international nature of the guests. Internet worked (the desk clerk was very patient with me) &amp; the small lobby was often filled with guests who were hanging out- all very friendly. The price is low so don't expect alot of frills or space but what there is, is good.	
Oct 21 2006 	Clean friendly staff very good location	I (a father) spent three nights in the hotel with my kids (17 and 13 years) for a London visit. Despite some negative reviews on this and other websites, I very much enjoyed it. The rooms are very small, but I did not expect an US style hotel where you could even bring your car into the room. The hotel is clean, relatively quiet and optimally located. Breakfast is ok. Staff is very friendly.	
Oct 18 2006 	Wouldn't stay in thid hotel again under any circumstancesl	At £65 a night for a double room in Central London I certainly wasn't expecting luxury but I certainly wasn't expecting a cramped pokey room in the basement where the toilet could only be used by sitting sideways. The bedside lamp was hanging off the wall and there was only one dirty blue plastic cup in bathroom.Luckily my husband and I are of normal proportions - anyone slighty overwight would have great difficulty in managing in these conditions. I usually book toursist class hotels and have got some good deals in the past- however the weekend of 13-15 October was very busy which is why I ended up in the Glendale.I am just sorry I didn't pay more for better accommodation as it spoit a very good weekend in London. Luckily the weather was great and we only had to sleep in the place.	
Oct 17 2006	Not a good idea to stay here!	This small hotel is hard to find, first of all. The room was super small, with broken light fixtures and badly needing a paint job in the room. The bathroom is a story in itself- you couln't stand in there without touching the toilet seat and the door with either leg. Way too small, with a super small sink as well.	
Oct 15 2006 	The reception was professional yet warm and friendly.	The reception was professional yet warm and friendly. A good central location and great value for money. Breakfast was great. I'd definitely go back	
Jun 16 2006	Really pkleased - value for money	When i saw peoples reviews on this hotel on here, i was worried sick!When i got to the hotel it looked a bit shabby outside, but inside seemed ok.Reception very helpful. My room was no. 11, and it was really clean and a god size.Its a bit far up from the reception though, so if your travelling with lots of cases ask for a low-floor room. The hotel was spotless, really good. Downside is though that the bathroom really is tiny - and i mean tiny!Brushing my teeth was a nightmare!But i would rather have a shower room in ym room than share it with lots of people.For £36 i wasent expecting much - but it was really good and value for money.If people are expecting top-of-the-range things, stay at £150 a night hotel.For £36 a night this is a bargain.	
Feb 27 2006	Worst hotel in london ever..........	Me and 2 other friends thought that this hotel was a proper bargain but i knew that there is gonna be something wrong with this place it was filthy it smelt and the people at the front desk were horrible it was so quiet and the whole atmosphere was creepy, the people were cheeky at the desk and they made snidy comments to a friend of mine while we were downstairs. there are no lifts and the rooms are DISGRACEFUL....If ever anyone is thinking of going there DONT cause it is full of --- and more ---. There is nothing good i can say about the dump....!!!!	
Jan 31 2006	Sexual Harrassment	To be fair, I was a single female travelling alone, and for a budget hotel, I didn't expect much. However, I think that it was totally innapropriate for the receptionist downstairs to constantly make snide inuendo's culminating in a terrifying visit from him in my hotel room where he refused to leave until threatened.The room itself was clean, yes the bathroom was small but the worst thing about it was that there was no form of safety latch on the door. Because the place was a hotel rather than a hostel, I feel like I had the right to feel much safer than I really did. I also warn travellers with more than one piece of luggage to either book a ground floor room or find other accomodations as I was put immediately into room 15 which was a climb of 6 flights of stairs. Basically, I didn't really expect too much from the hotel itself, which was totally verified, but the safety concerns involved has me saying that I will never return to that hotel.	
Nov 16 2005	Hotel from Hell...	Do not attempt a stay here.Be warned! I know we only wanted somewhere to put our heads down for the night but i think that Euston station would have been a better idea. We had a triple room which really was like a matchbox. This was reached via some narrow stairs. The so called en suite was the size of a telephone box - you opened the door and there was the loo with the cloakroom size sink over hanging it and the shower just about touching on the other side.If you sat on the loo you could not close the door-so dont be shy! The radiator was hanging off the wall, the lights did not work, one cup and saucer between three which was dirty,sheets where clean but the pillows were damp and the bed covers where filthy,damp on the wall by the window,fire doors propped open,an early morning call at 5am which we did not request. The best of all these things was that another guest actually managed to use their card key to enter our room at 1am! Scary.	
Aug 14 2005	awful	Glendale Park Hotel was the worst place we have ever stayed in. We did not expect much as we know that you get what you pay for, however, we have stayed in other places at a similar price which felt like the Ritz compared to Glendale. Our room (we had a twin room) was small and the sheets were dirty. The toilet was so small that we had to leave the door open. The 'continental' breakfast was served in the reception area. The man at the desk was pleasent but only when we first checked in and when he was not dealing with complaints. The location is very good but despite this, we will certainly not be staying here again and would not recommend it to anyone.	
Jul 29 2005	Worst hotel ever	At the Glendale Hyde Park, we (two adults and two teenagers, i.e. sizewise four adults) were squeezed into a room that should have been fitting as a very small double. There was almost no floor space available, so every time some would dare to move, people, furniture and luggage had to be shuffled around.This was on the top floor, with very narrow stairs. Had a fire broken out below us, we would have been trapped. After one night, we were indeed moved to a room with slightly more space, but with equally small and not-very-clean bathroom. The whole hotel, except the reception area has a feeling of unfreshness around it. Somewhere the hotel is described as &quot;recently refurbished to a very high standard&quot;, which is an outright lie.Someone on this forum asked &quot;what can you expect for xx punds per night?&quot; Well, I'll tell you: you an expect a clean hotel and a honest and interested staff. This staff lost their interest after receiving the advance payment.	
May 4 2005	I thought this place was nice	Interestingly, I had booked a room at this hotel before seeing these reviews and expected the worst after seeing the bad reviews (all from fellow Americans). The room was small and so was the bathroom but I really didn't care because I wasn't planning on being in the room much anyway. It was clean, and it really was affordable. I paid 35 GBP for six nights for a total of 210 GDP. I couldn't of ask for a better price and a clean place to sleep. I had searched othe places to stay on the web and most for that price per night you had to share a bathroom with other. At least at this hotel you get your own private bathroom. If i go back to London, I probably will stay at the Glendale Hyde Park Hotel again. Bu then again, maybe I am not as picky as some of my fellow Americans.	
Dec 14 2004	Cheap and Cheerful	I must say after booking the hotel and then finding this site giving the review, I was rather dubious regarding what I had just booked.My mum and I were going down to london for a long weekend for my birthday and were just looking for something cheap and suitably located for getting around london.The hotel cost us £92 for 2 nights for a twin en-suite room with breakfast, which in london was a good price.The only really bad thing I can say about this hotel is that the ensuite was absolutely tiny (about 6 feet by 3feet) so it was a bit of a squeeze to get in and out.But otherwise it was ideal for us. The room was very clean and the decor was fresh (ok bedding was 1960's design but was clean), it was only a few minutes walk from lancaster gate underground and had kensignton gardens and hyde park also a short walk away. Breakfast was very simple and self service in the main reception area (not a cooked breakfast but enough choice from Toast, Jam, Eggs, Cereals and Fruit with Tea/Coffee and Orange Juice).Overall I think we got good value for our money and it met all our needs.	
Sep 27 2004	Oh my gosh what a dump		
Sep 26 2004	maybe they changed everything now?		
Aug 13 2004	They should close it down		
Jun 26 2004	well it is a budget hotel what do you expect?		
Jun 15 2004	offal of London		
May 31 2004	it was good for the price paid		
Apr 11 2004	A real dive!		
Apr 10 2004	Horror		
Apr 4 2004	Terrible!		
Feb 7 2004	Worst hotel ever		
Jun 24 2009 	Sucio es poco		
Apr 28 2009 	Si lo se no vengo		
Mar 3 2009 	????		
Feb 1 2009 	l horreur (décembre 2004)		
Aug 20 2008 	Horrible		
Aug 6 2008	Auch für London: Reine Abzocke		
Oct 7 2007 	Nicht dem Preis angemessen		
Aug 17 2007 	Epouvantable		
Jul 17 2006	Beste Unterkunft in dieser Preislage !		
