Sep 12 2009 	this place should be condemned..absolutely disgusting and dangerous	do not look at the pictures on the web site, its nothing like !! never been to such a [--] hole in all my life..it should be condemned and closed immediately so it doesnt cause psychological damage to anyone else. Environmental health should be called in now. They have a notice on the window that forbids you to enter with any cameras or recording equipment (i wonder why ?) Steer well clear...this place is worse than a halway house for tramps and vagrants in a third world country .	
Sep 5 2009 	crap hole..................................................	What a cr hole, bird crap on the windows...it must have had the [--] there was sooo much, light had no shade and was hanging off the ceiling, the same goes for the wall plugs......tea and coffee making facilities....what a joke!!! two dirtys cups, two tea bags and s skanky kettle!!!! bed sheets full of hair and faded!!! none of the furniture matched...not a prob until you realise the door is missing from the wardrobe......walls are dirty and marks on the ceiling, shower tiny and walls were paper thin, her a man being sick in the middle of the night from upstairs....next door to a garage and thats what we had a view of.....went to breakfast once during our five day stay!! didnt want to risk it..dirty dirty hotel...staff unfriendly, didnt hardley speak english....no communication for anything...you had to leave your key whenever you went out....coming back to hotel there was no one there....we looked through the window and the man was asleep in the kitchen, had to knock on window to wake him up. had to pay on arrival. i asked if we can pay by card, they said ok, but it adds on an extra 10% or 15% they wasnt even sure!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they didnt ask for any I.D we could have been anyone, when you come back to the hotel we just sed room 15 and they had no problem given us the key...no security at all!! i wouldnt recoomend this hotel to my enemy!!!	
Sep 2 2009 	Rememberable trip	good rooms, nice staff, tasty breakfastI was in London for a weekend and I spend there good time.	
Aug 5 2009 	Very very dirty hotel even if this place under hotel name .Avoid it.	when I booked online i found the situation of the hotel is accepteble, when i arrived I shocked when I seeen the place how it is dirty and even less than hostel situation its like staple i would not recommended to anyone even its free charge , the room very dirty the beding &amp;pillow full of hair and dirty sheet, the shawer I can discribe how is mizrable ,the toilet flash its not working ,shower floading ,no hot water , dirty cups with lip stik mark , tea bags is opened, and the ask for cash payment at 11:30PM to be paid to the reception man he wait on the street because no reception there. I recommened health inspecter to visit the place. owful contental breakfast. thats level of present not hotel.	
Aug 1 2009 	The most terrible hotel I've ever seen	The website looks really nice but you shouldn't believe a single word.1) The 24 hour reception was closed, I had to wait outside the hotel and phone them2) They wanted to give me the wrong room, I've booked a studio with kitchen included but they wanted to place me in a single room. She began to search for the reservation sheet and found it after 20 minutes!!3) The lady wanted me to pay cash although the website said I can pay by credit card. We had a long discussion and she gave in.4) When she showed me the studio it hadn't been cleaned yet. Everything was dirty, no fresh linen on the bed, the wardrobe was broken and there was even a dirty t-shirt on the ground. So I refused to stay.A strange thing is that I checked my credit card statement and found another debit of London Shelton Hotel. I'm sure I have never signed the bill containing this amount.Summary: It's shabby and dirty, staff is unfriendly, dodgy and unmotivatedNearly everything that's written on the webpage is a lie.So don't go there.	
Jul 20 2009 	What a nice hotel!!!!!	We really liked this hotel.....arriving from Sweden the night before to a hotelin Piccadilly with was so awful you couldn´t sleep in the bed, we found this hotel and we liked it alot...we booked for 2 nights but we stayed one night extra.....If we are going back to London we will come back....you can be sure of that.Nice people working, nice rooms and a very good service!!!! 5 stars from Agneta, Malin, Kristin, Monica, Gustaf and Eric from Sweden.	
Jul 4 2009 	Awful dirty noisy staff had a bad attitude no Bar or Indian Restaurant	Arrived at 12.00 p.m., no 24 hour receptionist, only one room booked, when another room should have been booked (3 night stay), will be sorted out when receptionist arrives at 13.30 p.m. Room corridors dirty, carpet runners up the wall, rubbish and vacuum cleaner left in corridor. Room very basic, faded duvet cover, room not very clean, Bathroom not great, T.V. badly tuned, wires attached but everywhere. Eventually got hold of receptionist at 14.10 p.m. and she said she would sort it out, for our return from London at 18.30p.m., waited for 2nd room to be sort out, asked for compensation said no, 2nd bedroom, toilet seat dirty, no curtain in bathroom, view onto busy road. No card payment accepted only cash, put cash in top shirt pocket, no banking or accounting system. Asked for a drink, no bar facilities available. Continental breakfast, tea, coffee, toast, marmalade, 2 x susuages, fried egg (very oily), tried over stay for poached egg, didn't understand, scrabbled turned out as an omelete, no salt, pepper or tomatoe sauce and table not set. Bathroom was not cleaned or new towels given over 4 day stay. Difficulty in sleeping as noisy busy road. Hotel up for sale, advertisement should be removed from all internet accommodation sites, as nothing like write up or photographs. Bad impression of London for visitors from Canada.	
Apr 27 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful!	After reading the other reviews about this hotel i was quite worried about staying here. This worry was proven to be unjust as soon as we arrived at the hotel. The staff were welcoming and accomodating, the hotel although not plush was tidy and had the basic essentials for a weekend trip to the footy! I'd recommend this hotel to friends and people who have a bit of life in them. The only people who wouldn't enjoy this hotel would be snobs or stuck up people who have othing better to do than moan and complain! Thoroughly enjoyable stay!	
Mar 18 2009 	Basic but OK for a 1 nite stay for the footie.	When you enjoy a stay for one day - a football match and you like it cheap. it is ok to book. My partner and I stayed at the Hotel as it was easy access to the Emirates Stadium.Location was good - near Finsbury Park, and the Tube Station. Lots of bars and takeaways nearby.We stayed for 1 night.We were able to check in early - 11.3OAM. Check out time was 11.30am.The lock on the door was dogdy and difficult to lock.The bed was comfortable.The TV was large but did not work properly, unless you stood there and held the aerial in yourself.We had to pay in full before viewing the room.Breakfast not as described, (continental)we had sausage, egg, baked beans and 2 pieces of toast.The main light in the bedroom did not work.The shower facilties were not exactly wonderful- shower curtain was disgusting, which wrapped around you when showering.Staff were friendly.There were no parking facilities.Price was good, considering it was London.Would stay again for 1 or 2 nites.	
Aug 6 2008 	"How bad could it be?" - Famous last words!	This 'hotel' is awful! My boyfriend and I decided to book a cheap hotel for the night, thinking 'how bad could it be?' - famous last words! I would not recommend this hotel to anbody, least of all children as we could smell drugs being smoked in multiple rooms. Once inside our room, we discovered just how dirty it was. The bed was covered in hair and the shower thick with black mould. The tiling within the shower was frankly dangerous as it was sticking out at very sharp angles. We decided to leave after approximately 5 minutes of entering the hotel. Please don't make the same mistake!	
Nov 28 2007	Great Hotel!!	this was a lovely and friendly hotel...me and my kids went to stay for the weekend and enjoyed it very much with its cosy atmosphere..thankyou!	
Oct 2 2007 	Hell Hole	Turned up to be told the reservation had not been kept as the card had been declined but payment was supposed to be made on arrival according to the website I used?? I agree with all the comments about this place and find them all to be true, being dodgy and I did get the brothel feeling about the place too. It also seems to have DSS residents too. We were going to see Spurs and it is not that close to be honest. It is a treck from the nearby stations on the tube. It is a disgusting hotel with mildew in the showers and dirty carpets. Various windows including one in my mates room were smashed. We were locked in when we went leave in the morning and the only staff we could find were Spanish and eastern European and spoke no English. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	
Oct 2 2007	Proper Shite	Avoid this place like the plage! I was booked in to stay here 2 weeks ago, the area the hotel in is terrible and I would not even get out of my car here, next door is a tyre yard and the reception is in a shed like lean to next door to the hotel which had taxi drivers hanging around outside. The restraunt for the hotel doubles up as an indian take away which was not exactly what I was expecting from a hotel restaturant.Further to this, altough I cancelled my booking they are claiming that I stayed and have since debited my credit card that I used for the reservation.	
Aug 27 2007 	Schrecklich Awful Terriblé -- avoid this place at all costs!	1. This place is no where near Finsbury Park!! It is in the middle of freaking no where (Haringey)2. Morning, noon or night: the hotel &quot;staff&quot; actually keep the main door locked, meaning you cannot leave or enter the place without being let in/out-- which does not exude confidence in the area or dispel the rumours that their is a brothel on the lower floor. I was sharing a room with my friend and we just got 1 key! Once I had to explain who I was for 5min before they let me in. 3. Disgustingly dirty, loud (main road) and uncomfortable rooms (no chairs, bedside tables) and unhygienic bathrooms. It's the type of place where you want to bring your own bedding and towels. 4. I have many friends from my student days in London -- imagine my delight when they showed up on the hotel doorstep asking for me and where turned away like criminals: No visitor's allowed, it's the hotel's policy!!! Well they should say so in the hotel description!5. Breakfast room doubles as Pizza parlour / Indian restaurant! One look inside was enough to make me wanna grab something from some where else	
Aug 24 2007 	DO NOT STAY HERE	This was supposed to be a romantic weekend away without the kids! It was the most awful experience I have had. We had booked for two nights but only stayed for one.The room was filthy. the breakfast unedible, the staff unhelpful and at night we couldn't sleep for the groups of youths outside revving their car engines and playing loud music. A night I never want to go through again!	
Jul 31 2007	Awful. Don't stay here	My girlfriend and I came from Ireland to see an Arsenal match. The hotel pictures on internet looked lovely. We understood there was a 24 hr. reception. Not so! We had to wait for hours to get into our room. Our room was shabby and dirty. The bathroom was filthy. The tv did not work. Each time we tried to make tea the milk curdled. We even bought our own milk and the same thing happened, so there must have been something wrong with the water which we got in the bathroom. We did not have breakfast - we did not feel brave enough... Our towels were not changed, nor the room cleaned while we stayed there. One staff member was nice but the rest were rude and uncaring. They insisted we leave our room key in reception each day as we went out. They did not give us a key to the front door at any time. when we objected to this rule, they said it was their policy. We felt very uncomfortable that anyone could have access to our room when we were not there. We did not stay out late as we were afraid there would be nobody on reception to let us in!!We found the whole experience of staying at the shelton hotel upsetting and very disappointing, and we definately will not be staying there again.	
Mar 8 2007 	Absolutely Disgusting	We booked this hotel on London Hotels 4 u website which showed a nice picture of a room of this hotel and a description of all the facilities. How wrong was this! When we pulled up we couldnt believe it, the reception is actually on the street! We were then given our room which was just inside the main front door off the street. The room was disgusting, smelly and dirty with cigarette burns in the bed sheets, massive dirty black stains on the carpets, the shower was broken and hanging off. We asked to be moved, and was given a slightly bigger room but was just as dirty. We as two women on our own did not feel comfortable at this hotel so we felt the need to put furniture in front of our room door for the night. Breakfast was just as bad having to sit in the Indian Restaurant attached to this place. Nobody turned up to do breakfast until 8.15am. We could only face eating tea and toast as we didnt trust the hygiene. There is also some kind of club under the restaurant which we think is some kind of brothel. DO NOT STAY HERE	
Feb 7 2007	good experience	I went with my family to stay at this hotel for new years, it had all the things we needed, it was a clean and the staff was very friendly. They also served a lovely breakfast.	
Feb 6 2007	Do not stay here!!!!	I stayed at this hotel in 2003. I have heard that it has been renovated. The hotel is awful, I went to have a shower luckily there was hot water. But I was shocked to see cockroaches in the bathroom and rentokil ( mice poison). NEVER IN MY LIFE AGAIN.I did not dare try the breakfast. If it is your first time in London and want a cheap hotel to stay in please do not ruin your holiday.	
Jan 16 2007 	Worst hotel ever	This is the worst hotel ever! I'll give a &quot;short&quot; summary of my experiences:SATURDAY* When we arrived at the hotel on Saturday, the water boiler was broken. They would fix it before the evening, but we could not take a shower or even freshen up.* The water boiler in the room (for making coffee or tea) was burnt and had flakes on the bottom. We decided not to make coffee, which was a good thing because the soluble coffee's expiration date was June 2006. * The bed had only one sheet, i.e. one to wrap the mattress. There was only a comforter on top which I doubt was washed before putting us in the room. We thought they had just forgotten to put a sheet under the comforter, but when we asked for an extra sheet, the owner did not understand what we needed that for. Only after suggesting we pay for the sheet, he agreed on giving us one.* When we came back at night after dinner, we found out that the heater did not work. When we complained about that, we were transferred to a different room. Here, of course the same drama with the sheets happened again. The owner got annoyed when we asked him for an extra sheet (not the mention that the coffee was expired in this room as well, and the water boiler had flakes in it too).MONDAY* In the morning, there was no warm water so that we had to take a cold shower. We decided not to say anything and just hope the warm water would be back at night.* At night, we still didn't have warm water, so we reported that. The owner would have a look at it. We reported at around 11pm, and at 12.30am, when we were already asleep, he knocked on our door to check. We told him we were already sleeping. For the record, there were almost NO guests in the hotel, so he could not have been busy with other guests. TUESDAY* At night, after walking around in London all day, we found out that the bed had been refreshed. A good thing, but again there were no sheets!! When we asked the owner for some sheets, he told us he'd be right with us. An hour and a half later, at 1am (!), he finally arrived with extra sheets.WEDNESDAY* There was no water pressure in our room. When we reported this, we were asked to take a shower in yet another room. The room had just been used by a guest who had left an hour before. The room had not been cleaned up yet, but an employee quickly cleaned the shower for us. When we entered the room, clearly the guest before us had been smoking, so the room smelled badly. For that reason, we refused an offer to change rooms once again.	
Sep 23 2006 	absolute disgrace	The first word that entered my head when we pulled up in the taxi was SEEDY! My boyfriend had paid online with his debit card for the hotel so there was no going back, I wanted to cry. After meeting the manager he infomed us that we &quot;thought we had paid, but we hadn't&quot;. A complete lie because the money had already been taken from his bank account. He suggested we pay upfront in cash, we refused. I think he must have realised we weren't half wits and dropped the subject. After flying in from barcelona and travelling all day we were both looking forward to a nice hot shower. No chance. The water was freezing and the plughole was blocked. What a shambles!! The only good point about this god awful place was the train station just across the street. perfect for a hasty escape!!	
Aug 7 2006 	The worst stay I have ever had	This was without doubt the worst stay of my life - (had to be there as was working on a site nearby) - the rooms on the ground floor are opposite an Indian - this was deserted for the 5 nights of our stay - it has plastic tablecloths and this is where breakfast is served (though we were not brave enough to try it!!). There is a huge flat screen tv on the back wall of the indian, this enables the rather deaf staff to sit and listen to bollywood films at full volume til midnight every night. The room had bare electric cables hanging out the wall, the pillows were rich tea biscuits, I have managed to cry faster than the shower (thats if you could get the temp stable) - also the guttering leaked onto a pipe right outside my window which sounded like a tin can being reshaped!!I am sure if animals stayed there the RSPCA would be round to condemn it.Unless you really dislike yourself DO NOT STAY here.And as for the website - I have never read such utter tosh - they even advertise a honeymoon suite - good god you would have to hate your bride to make her stay here!!You have been warned.....	
Jul 28 2006	Warning do not stay here!	Warning do not stay here! Warning do not stay here! Warning do not stay here!It is disgusting. We found it so putrid that we wanted to leave but they refused to give us our money back. They said it was because they had turned down other bookings but they place was deserted. We left after one night anyway. The breakfast was served by a woman smoking a cigarette, the coffee was like battery acid and when we asked her if there was anything other than tea or coffee for the kids she sternly said No!. The locals told us it is a brothel. Just learn form our mistake and don’t stay there. It’s on way to ruin your holiday!	
Jan 31 2007	Un seul mot...HORRIBLE		
