Oct 11 2009 	Be ready for the smallest room you ever have to stay in (hopefully). Excellent location	This was my first time in London. I had friends staying close in South Kensington so they recommended this place to me. (I'm a student and on a budget). It was pretty cheap (for London), but, of course, there is a reason for it. When we checked in the lady told us, &quot;It's worse than you think.&quot; (haha). I think the hotel loses a lot of customers after the first night of staying - particularly Americans who are used to bigger rooms. I also think that you just have to prepare yourself - even with the pictures on this website I was still not prepared. However, the location was great, London was fabulous - can't wait to go back. But when I do, hopefully I won't be staying in this hotel again. I would recommend it, if you are traveling with a very small budget, just plan to use the room for sleeping &amp; quick showers and changing sessions.	
Oct 4 2009 	The nicest staff in London. :-)	We stayed here for 12 days in the smallest room with no window. While the room was small it had everything we needed and because we stayed so long they gave us 2 complimentary room cleans. The bed and bathroom were spotless and the rooms were very soundproof.Was in a great location, 2 minutes walk to the subway, 1 minute walk to the supermarket and 3 minutes walk to some restaurants. Very safe at all times of the day and night.Staff were super friendly and really helpful, made our stay so much more enjoyable, with a hello and goodbye every time we walked in and out the door and lots of local info with anything from second hand bookshops to local pubs.Would stay here again and would recommend it to anyone! :-)	
Sep 13 2009 	Super budget hotel!! Nothing to complain about.	After reading through some reviews, I was quite unsure of the choice of Easy Hotel.But so very pleasantly surprised we were!Anyone who writes that the rooms are too small, and everything is too small ..! HELLO! It's on the home page in black and white Small Room - no window, 6-7 sq. meters ... You can not seriously expect more than this for 35 pounds for the day.?And who in the world ask staff to come up with the measurement band two measure up the room!But enought of the strange reviews.I am a man of 188 cm, at around 100 kilograms grams, but had no problem with getting me into the shower and the toilet.When my wife was changing i just laid in the bed planing the day ..We had a small room without a window, thought I'd get a claustrophobic feeling of a small room with no window, but it went just fine.When it came to the air conditioning it was very good, was afraid it would be hot and humid in the room, but worked very well.We stayed for three days, which went very well, as we did sightseeing on the first few days, but noticed that as we started to shop a little, we got problems, but I had booked a larger hotel room for the last days, so we were prepared for it.Soo if you are looking for a cheap hotel, where you can have a good nights sleep, in a comfartble bed, whit good staff, helping staff, GREAT LOCATION! this is the hotel for you!But if you think the rooms are larger than the home page says, and if you think that a hotel at this price has a lift, and you can not manage carring your own luggage, and if you think that you will get soo much comfort for the 35 pounds, you've got to be kidding! Dont book the hotel.The only thing i regret is that in accualy belived some of the bad reviews.I would definitely use this hotel the next time i go to London!	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent value for money!!	I have stayed in Easy Hotel for business this time, on my own. I have really enjoyed the comfortable bed - to be honest I slept like a baby. Having chosen a small room without a window I knew what I'm expecting - tiny orange capsules, perfect for a couple days stay.  Room was extremely clean and the staff was incredible. Always so helpful when it came to getting information about London and transport.  The hotel didn't provide any food exept for the vending machine, but there was plenty of different shops (such as Sainsbury's) and restaurants in the area - so you won't be hungry. The location itself was perfect, really close to Harrods, museums, High Street Kensington etc.  I know it's a place where you have to sacrifice the space in order to be in such a great location. However, there are no compromises when it comes to cleaniness and the staff - very cheerful and polite.I highly recommend it to all the people who come to London - not to the Hotel!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	£24.50 for a central London hotel?	Yes please. Thats what we paid for 1 night in this desirable location. The shower was goodThe bed was really comfyThere was no window in the room - which believe me is no bad thing (lie in anyone?)Reception staff were goodWalk away from Hyde Park, Gloucester Rd Tube, Science Museum, Natural History Museum.Enough said....Don't listen to anyone who moans about the size of the rooms...it is clearly states how big they are on the website.	
Jul 7 2009 	Not the Ritz but great value for money	$40/night for your own bed and bathroom in South Kensington. One would be crazy not to stay here. Yeah, the rooms are smaller than my wife's walk-in closet, but the price is absolutely unbeatable, and the bed is the most comfortable bed in the UK. The biggest downside to the place is the fact that the rooms have no windows. With the comfortable bed and the dark room, we slept in well into the morning.	
Jun 4 2009 	If you're willing to pay the price it's worth it	Obviously the big selling point of this hotel is the price. My wife and I stayed here and didn't have any complaints for what we paid for the hotel - the room was clean, the water was hot and as long as we were patient when it came to getting ready for the day the size wasn't a huge issue. We'd have liked a couple of ledges to put stuff like our alarm clock on instead of the floor and wouldn't have thought that would break the bank for easyHotel but they obviously don't plan on adding any luxuries. I'd recommend it for single travellers who don't plan on spending much time in their hotel room, or couples who are willing to let one person move around while the other resides on the bed because if you both try to move at the same time you're going to run into problems. Also you'd definitely need to pack light if there's two of you staying as there's really only room for one bag to be unpacked.	
Mar 27 2009 	Fantastic	A room in central Lonon, 5 minutes from the tube stop for £35 punds a night for TWO people, amazing!! Yes the room is miniscule, but they give you the EXACT measurements when you are booking if you go expecting something huge you will be disappointed. There is a comfortable bed, a showerroom and a tv, what else can you possibly need? Lets not forget that you are in London and the time you spend in the hotel should be totally minimal.I loved this place, would totally stay again. Those who complain the room was too small knew what they were getting before arrival so I find this a really unfair criticism.	
Mar 3 2009	Small Room.....small price!	Stayed at the Easy Hotel in London (Kensington) for one night. I shared a room with my neice so we paid roughly £20 each for the night. It is VERY small, no floor space apart from a tiny square to stand in where the door opens so if you want to spend ages getting dressed up and ready to go out, then probably not for you (unless you potter around on the landing outside the room). The room we shared had no windows so felt a little closed in........but for the price it had clean linen, a good hot shower and was generally clean and not noisy and it felt secure. All in all in was fine for one night!	
Dec 20 2008 	Ridiculously small room	We (late 20s couple) obviously weren't expecting much from EasyHotel because of the price and budget reputation but the room was just unbeliveably small. Would have been too small for one person. Total floor space not including bed and equally tiny bathroom was perhaps less than 2 square metres. A prison cell would have been more comfortable, and I am not exaggerating.Not a hotel. You have to pay for every small little thing and the staff were pretty unhelpful when I complained, just referring me to the website. Fine, it keeps costs down and there is a market for budget hotels, but surely quality has to come in somewhere.Small is advertised on the website, but they need to make this even clearer, ideally with pictures. But then, of course, noone would book it in their right minds would choose it and it would go back to being the utility cupboard it is just about large enough for.Struggling to find pluses, but the location is handy, the hotel was clean, tidy and quiet, and the booking online was simple.The Easy concept has had some successes, and I look forward to the day the cinema chain opens, but this is not one of them.	
Dec 12 2008 	Great Hotel	I've just returned from London where I spend 4 days. EasyHotel South Kensigton it's a great hotel if all you want is to enjoy London. I stayed in a &quot;Small Room no Window&quot;, yes it's very small and it has no window. I paid 170£ for 4 nights, so I knew exactely what to expect and had no surprises.The room was very confortable, clean, the water hot and it has a great location very close to Earl's Court tube station.If all you want is to enjoy the wonderfull city of London it's perfect. In the hotel I only showered and sleep. That was it!So enjoy London, which during christmas time is absolutely gourgeous!	
Oct 27 2008 	Did they tell you the rooms are small?	And that is what you want to be mentally prepared for; the room is really small. I'm short and I was staying there by myself, plus I know how to make a small space work. But, I wouldn't recommend this to tall people. You need to be practical, pack light, go out a lot, and sight see.The rest; the room was clean, the staff was very helpful and nice, the hotel is located in a safe neighbourhood, close to the city centre. It's not luxurious, but I loved it and will book this hotel again.	
Oct 19 2008 	It was unbelievably small	We knew that easyhotel was going to be small but nothing prepares you for how small it is. If you have more than couple of overnight bags, then, it's best to forget it. But then, to be fair, they do have a bag storage place for which they charge you GBP 2.50 per bag.We were travelling with two suitcases, which meant there was no place in the room to stand even. And while the toilet operates fine, use of the shower means that you wet everything elseHowever, we did managed to have a good night's sleep since the bed was quite comfortable. But not having a coffee vending machine meant that every morning, we'd have to trek to Sainsbury's nearby to get our fix from the local Starbuck's	
Oct 9 2008 	Good if.....	If all you want in a hotel is a place to get your head down and shower, then you won't be disappointed with easyhotel. As other reviews state, it is cramped, but this particular hotel is in an excellent location, close to Gloucester Rd and Kensington high st tube stations. We stayed for two nights, but we were barely there at all. I'm afraid I don't agree with the previous review about hotel staff being helpful, When we checked in I had the feeling that we were an interuption to the staff member that checked us in, and they were not very helpful or informative. Calling this place the Ritz is deceptive and defeats the object of writing reviews, whilst it is clean and cosy, there is no hiding from the fact that this particular hotel has obvious pros and cons, the main ones being that whilst it is cheap, you don't get an awful lot for your money. If it's a bed and shower you are after- book it! If you want space and extras, spend more and go elsewhere!	
Sep 7 2008 	Won't be using Easy Hotels again!!	My husband I stayed here for 1 night only - and are we glad it was for one night only?!!Whenever we visit London, we do a lot of sightseeing and really only ever look for a hotel that is fairly cheap and is pretty well connected for London transport. We travel light (a backpack each only) and only ever need a decent, clean bed and shower. From the hotel's own website, and from the previous reviews, we weren't expecting a king size super spacious room (after all we had booked a room with no window, and for a pretty cheap price) but still..... I cannot stress enough just how TINY the room actually is!!One of us had to sit on the bed, whilst the other one moved around, got dressed, etc. as the room is that small - and we are not large people! Even with only having backpacks for luggage, there is no room for storage, and having things piled up behind the door, to me is certainly a fire hazard! The hooks on the wall are a bonus, but only if you are 6 foot tall, as they are so high, it is a struggle to reach them!Having stayed in a &quot;concept&quot; hotel like this before when overseas, we were expecting a little bit more (please try out the Hotel SO, Christchurch, New Zealand - again a space-saving window less room but SO much better on Design, Layout, Style, etc. and also not that much more expensive in comparison).Having both been students, where we lived with similar style bathrooms, I would say that even our student accommodation wins hand-down. Also having worked with the Prison Service, I have seen Prison Cells that are more spacious!!There is no carpet on the floor - a moneysaving trick for easyGroup - but I suppose this helps when the shower leaks under the bathroom door! And never having suffered from Claustrophobia, I suddenly experienced quite bad panic attacks in the middle of the night, as I felt completely hemmed in!!On a positive note, the room was very clean, the bed pretty comfortable and the hotel is in a nice area, and is very well located for transport. However, we will NEVER stay there again. We found the Travel Lodge the previous night was by far the best for money (at £29 per night on the saver rate it was £10 cheaper than easyHotel) with much more room and the use of the TV thrown in for FREE. To us, these rooms have been built with one thing in mind only - money making for easyGroup - and with very little thought to the actual customer - the budget traveller. Yes, we want cheap accommodation, but we also want a little comfort. A note to easyGroup:Please take a leaf out of the books of Travel Lodge and Hotel SO.	
Jul 11 2008 	Value for money!	I have recently stayed at easyHotel South Kensington and was pleasantly surprised. First of all the location is perfect and it is great that you can afford such a small room but in such a nice location. I arrived at the hotel before the check-in time of 3pm but a very helpful member of staff checked me in earlier and explained that whenever they have rooms ready, they will always do their best to let you check in. They will also store your luggage for you but I didn't need it.Rooms are extremely small indeed but because I was there alone it wasn't too much of a problem but I knew what to expect from the website and the price was appealing Rooms are modest but very clean and everything is provided.Overall the experience was a good one and would definitely go back again.... nice helpful staff who gave me directions and maps, anything I needed really. Hotel doesn't provide any luxury but good value for money.	
Jul 5 2008 	SO small	We read some of these reviews about how small the room is (and the hotel admits the rooms are small on their website), but thought &quot;look what you're paying - of course it's small. Stop complaining!&quot; Then we walked into the room. Seriously, it was SO small. We got the &quot;tiny&quot; room without a window and when we walked in, weren't sure we'd be able to stay. We made it work for 4 nights, but if you can afford elsewhere we'd recommended doing that. The location was great. I love South Kensington and the neighborhood was quiet and nice. The hotel was close to the Tube, and there was a grocery store down the street that provided cheap water and a great, cheap bakery breakfast. The main reasons we decided to stay there were the location and the price (pretty good for pricey London and a bad exchange rate).I can't emphasize enough, though, how small the room was. I think it would work well for one person who's backpacking and doesn't have much stuff with them, and who's only staying there for a night or two. It was pretty tough for us, though, as there were two of us and we were traveling for a couple weeks so had a good bit of luggage with us. The double bed takes up about 1/2 the room and is surrounded by wall on 3.5 sides. The bathroom takes up about a quarter of the room and is basically the size of an airplane bathroom. The shower is tiny and takes up more than half the bathroom... the whole area stayed wet for the rest of the day. Also, the shower water spontaneously changed temperature from burning hot to freezing cold, which was pretty uncomfortable. The room and bathroom were very clean when we got there, though, which was nice. But, it didn't take long for it to get pretty dirty since it's so small, and they don't clean during your stay unless you pay extra. The other 1/4 of the room is a bit of floor space (which is hard to use for storage as you need to be able to open the door). There are a couple hooks on the wall for backpacks, though, which made a big difference. We stacked our luggage next to the bed and were able to make it work, but it seemed like a fire hazard. On top of all this, the room was a painful color of bright orange! If you're at all claustrophobic, this is not the place for you! The staff was not very friendly or helpful, and their 10am check out time was inflexible -- kind of inconvenient for our evening flight. Basically, the hotel was an okay stay -- clean to start with and a great location. But, it was seriously small, not great service, and just not very comfortable. If you can, find somewhere else. If you can't, you'll probably be able to make it work!	
Jul 2 2008 	Awful night's sleep	My wife and I stayed here for one night, knowing fairly well what to expect in terms of size and facilities. The location was OK, not too far from the tube and in a decent area. The receptionist had clearly not received the customer service training - charmless and unhelpful would describe him. He told us which room but the numbering system mades it difficult for us to find it that we had to return to check. The room was phenomenally tiny. One person could cope OK for a night but for a couple...we literally had to take it in turns to move around. The shower room was fine with a good shower. What we really disliked was the total lack of storage space. Surely the designers could have incorporated a number of shallow recesses for small possessions to avoid having them all over the tiny floor? The main issue we had however, was being given only one thin pillow each. We asked for extra pillows and were told by Mr Surly to ask later (we were off out). We were told on our return by a different person that there were no extra pillows. As a result we had to fold up extra clothes to provide some sort of neck support. I find it hard to imagine that we are the only people to experience this problem. In every other hotel we have ever visited we have either found two pillows in the room or have been issued extra ones when required. Our night's sleep was disrupted badly by this easily rectified situation and to say we were disappointed with Easyhotels would be an understatement. Yes, the room is cheap and we didn't expect greatness but surely it wasn't too much to ask to be given sufficient pillows? We also wouldn't recommend a windowless room as you get no sense of day/night in this already claustrophobic environment.	
Jun 19 2008 	The Unhappiest Place on Earth	i will have nightmares for the rest of my life about this place. you could barely fit your suitcase on the ground, and there was no way to leave it open and then actually open the door to the outside. our room was on the fourth floor, no elevator, no help from the staff.the bathroom was so small that you could shower sitting on the toilet. if me or my friend showered in the morning, the entire bathroom was a puddle for the remainder of the day.it advertised &quot;internet access.&quot; false. they let you use the manager's computer if you really needed it, but limited your usage to five minutes.the recirculated air conditioning didnt stop the rooms from overheating, and in the morning my eyes and mouth were painfully dry. on my last day there, i woke up with an awful cold, probably blown in from another guest.for only 15 pounds more, we're staying at a days inn in hyde park. it has a real bathroom and doesnt charge to use the TV.DO NOT STAY AT EASYHOTEL!	
May 15 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	Having read other reviews, I was quite nervous on arrival but pleasantly surprised with the friendly reception and the room itself. For our 1 night stay for a concert at the RAH it was all we needed. Clean, comfortable bed, great location, relatively quiet at night and the bonus of the 24 hr sainsbury's over the road. Admittedly we did pay extra for a window. The bathroom was very small but perfectly clean and did the job. Absolutely great if you just want a bed for the night and don't mind having no extra space. I wouldn't recommend a stay of a few nights or more. Would use again.	
Apr 26 2008 	Ok for the money	Check in was very fast and convenient. The attendant was more than willing to give us directions. The room was very small but for the amount of money I paid I can’t complaint. I had a disable room so there were no stairs for me, but the hotel has no lift. The TV had a very low screen resolution so the way that is set up is very hard to see anything. The room was basic clean by no means spotless.	
Feb 2 2008 	Within 5 mins I’d dubbed it ‘The Crypt’	Small. Very small. Within 5 mins, I’d dubbed it ‘The Crypt’. We stayed here for 6 nights in late January 2008 in a standard (windowless) room. The photos on their web site show more or less what you can expect – a TV you have to pay 5 UK pounds per 24 hours should you want to use it, a tiny bathroom (self-proclaimed on the door as ‘a tiny loo’), orange walls and a double bed surrounded by three solid walls.The room was reasonably clean with bed linen and towels provided, but no soap or shampoo for the shower. Note that maid servicing (room cleaning, change of sheets and towels etc.) is optional at 10 UK pounds a pop. No breakfast or luggage storage facilities and no elevator, though we were on the ground floor so this wasn’t a problem.Our biggest problem (apart from the small size of the room) was where to store our bags and clothing. During the night we had to keep our backpacks propped up against the entrance to the room to ensure we could sleep and get to the bathroom; though this really posses a fire hazard risk and I’m surprised it isn’t against the law. During the day we’d move the backpacks onto the bed – I’d hate to be doing this with a suitcase! Three clothes hooks are provided, but this was the only ‘storage’ available for anything. Basically, be very neat and tidy because there just isn’t room for a mess.There is a light dimmer near the bed, and a switch high up on the wall to turn on the (useless) exhaust fan in the bathroom, though it would be nice if these were clearly labelled as to what they do... we started playing with them to work it out. (The fan switch was so high up I thought it might be a master power switch to the room).The room is really close to a very large supermarket (with a fresh bakery good for a really cheap breakfast) and within a few mins of Earls Court and Gloucester Road tube stations. Check-out was 10am, which seems to buck the trend of most hotels that offer a 12pm departure time.Overall this would be OK for an overnight stay, but I wouldn’t stay here for 6 nights like we did. I wouldn’t want to be claustrophobic either....	
Nov 20 2007 	Dont Bother	I have previously written a review on this place praising it, however I stayed here for the second time the beginning of this month.I knew it wasnt going to be the same as last time due to the immediate horrendous smell in the reception area.The room we stayed in was a tiny room without a window, I cannot complain about the size of the room as I knew what to expect, however this hotel has gone downhill since my last stay, the shower curtain was mouldy around the bottom and smelt terrible, the whole bathroom appeared grubby, There was also a large amount of dust behind the television set.Dont Stay here you can stay in the travelodge in holborn for a similar price.	
Nov 7 2007 	Horrible place	Yes, we knew the room would be small, and that was something we were willing to live with. But we were shocked that the room was in such poor condition when we arrived. There was a big dirty watermark from a drink on the windowsill, dirty-looking linens, and a thick coating of dust on the walls and ceiling. On top of that, the toilet seat was completely disconnected from the toilet. We only used our room toilet in emergencies, but tried to use public toilets whenever possible. We complained about it minutes after arriving, and it was still not fixed two days later. The hotel wasn't able to give us a discount because of the inconvenience, but they did throw in a free TV remote. Considering the little time we actually spent in the room, being able to watch TV didn't really help us much. The only nice thing I can say is that the hotel is located in a good neighborhood, a few blocks from the Tube and next to a large grocery store.	
Oct 21 2007 	Better than expected	My husband and I stayed here the night before catching an early Eurostar to Paris and were pleasantly suprised.We wern't sure what to expect after reading some of the reviews so had quite low expectations.We had a windowless room(standard) on the lower ground floor and it was a perfectly adequate place to spend the night-all we wanted to do was watch a bit of tv and have a sleep before an early start in the morning and this served it's purpose.Both the room and the bathroom were very clean and the bed was comfortable.We actually had a bit more room than we thought we would have,the only downside being that there is no room either side of the bed to put drinks etc(3 sides of the bed touch the wall).The shower was nice and powerful though a bit on the small side.An average size towel is provided but no toilet roll(don't know if this is the same in all rooms or if we were just unlucky!)We also found that is was quite-we had no problems with noise.The location is good-nice area,Sainsburys and Tube within 5 minutes walk.Receptionist was ok-not rude,just not over friendly.For what we paid for this room we were perfectly happy with what we received and have already booked a room in January for when we go to a concert.If you want luxury this isn't for you,but if you want a cheap,comfortable crash pad for the night then this is ideal.	
Oct 7 2007	Tiny loo	We stayed here last month, it was ok we had a room down stairs without windows. the room itself is what we expected but the hotel has very loud. Everytime a door shut it would rattle our room. the staff was ok but the location is great. i would stay there again just maybe get a room with a window.	
Sep 12 2007 	Not too shabby!	We didn't expect much from EasyHotel because of all the negative reviews from people, but we actually thought it was not too bad considering the location the price you pay. It's very close to a 24hr supermarket (Sainsbury) and not too far from Gloucester station. The area is actually quite nice.We booked a room without windows because people say the ones with windows were small, so we gave the room without windows a try. Still the room was very small in my opinion. We had to change standing on the bed. The room itself was clean and the bed was surprisingly comfy. The tiny loo was really tiny, but it serves the purpose. If we ever go back to London, we would consider getting a room with windows though because every morning we would wake up not knowing what the weather is like that morning. So we didn't really know what to change into.The staff was so so...they look as if they really hate their job. They were not rude, but they just didn't seem too friendly.Basically you get what you pay for. Just go in with low expectation and you won't be too disappointed.	
Aug 8 2007	This place should go out of business!	I paid extra to get a room with a window. There was no double glazing and appalling traffic noise. The room is tiny, the bed touched three walls, and there is no other furniture. The bathroom is very small with no room for your stuff. For the same price, two weeks ago I got a palatial room in a 4* hotel in Birmingham + a luxurious breakfast. Here you get nothing, you even have to pay extra to use the TV! There is wifi - at £5 an hour!. I know another hotel, near Paddington, where I can get a room twice the size for half the price, with furniture to work on, tea. coffee and biscuits, and they don't employ sullen East Europeans with no training and little English. But, I'm not telling anyone where it is. I want to avoid ever having to stay in this dump again.	
Jul 26 2007 	dont go here unless your mad	if i had known then what i know now i would pay the extra and stay in a real hotel.the room was so small that 2 people could not stand up at once. when i argued that the room was smaller then i booked i was told &quot;tuff&quot; and when i checked later that same day they had altered the sizes online!we had booked 3 nights and only stayed one, having moved accross the road and paid for another hotel.£5 to use the TV! thats a joke! the tv hangs above the bed and you can only watch from laying down.if you have more then a small bag forget it! there is about 5feet by 1foot of TOTAL floor space in the whole room and you cant put things under the fitted bed (so hard!). if like us you like a glass of water during the night forget it! no where at all to even put a glass!the shower/toilet is so small that you touch 3 wall at the same time just to shower.if you had to stay here or police cell your better off getting nicked and at least then the staff would talk to you. avoid this place	
Jul 16 2007 	Noise factor a negative	The room had central A/C, it was clean, and was pretty much what we expected. There were a couple of hooks on the wall, but otherwise no storage space except the window sill. The suitcases were in the walking area between the outside door and the bed, and could not be left open. Getting up in the morning and using the bathroom required a ballet between the two of us unless one stayed on the bed while the other one got dressed. It was cozy; but having been on a self-drive barge trip ten years ago, we anticipated that this hotel room would bring us back memories. But I would not recommend this room because of the noise. One of the A/C compressors was just outside the window, plus there was an unexplainable noise as if a metal garage door or elevator were going up and down that kept us awake at night. I say “unexplainable” because the back of the hotel, where the room was located, looked over the parking lot of a Sainsbury market and we could clearly see from that parking lot that no such garage doors or elevators were close to our room or visible anywhere. We tried to change our room, but were unsuccessful, and gave up after the 4th night. I suspect that the noise factor would not have existed in rooms facing the street. Since the location of the room cannot be guaranteed, anyone booking with easyHotel may come across a similar problem	
Jun 29 2007 	Better than Expected -- great for traveling students	I actually found my room to be quite a bit larger than what was pictured on the hotel's website. I stayed for a week and it fit my needs perfectly. It wasn't nearly as bad as many of these reviews make it out to be. Any college student or people used to living in &quot;efficiency&quot; style living will find it will suit their needs as well. A few value-added amenities would have been nice such as complimentary shampoo and a free TV but you can learn to adapt to anything. I didn't purchase the TV remote since I didn't fly 4000 miles from the States to watch television, I would have rather gone out to a bar and enjoyed the scenery of London. Although it would have been nice to have it to watch for a few minutes before bed. I never had an issue with the hotel staff and was a perfect place if you just plan on sleeping in the hotel and being out and about London the rest of the time (which you should be doing anyway).	
Jun 8 2007 	Good value for money	Stayed here for one night on a Saturday in June as I knew I would be unable to make the last train home that night.Needed to be near the theatres in Victoria and with only a 5-10 minute walk away this hotel was a good location. Paid £45 for a small room with no window as a room with a window would have been £17 more expensive so I decided for one night it wasn't really worth it.My friend and I didn't really have much space to leave our bags but it wasn't too much of a problem and although the room is small the ceilings are high and there is a mirror at the end of the room to give you the feeling of added space.We were unable to control the air con ourselves and couldn't find the 2 plug sockets that were in the specification on the website but this wasn't too much of a problem so we didn't bother enquiring about it at reception.If you're looking for a low budget hotel in a good location and don't mind small rooms and bright orange walls then I would reccomend this hotel. The photos on the easyhotel website are a good indication of what to expect.	
Jun 1 2007 	Awful Place - its like receiving a punishment!!!!!!	I stayed in the London Victoria easyhotel last night, upon arrival the staff were ok, there wasn't much friendly-ness but once we opened the door to our 3rd floor (with no lift and extrememly narrow stairways and hallways) pod I was extremely UNIMPRESSED!!!!!It was like boarding a plane, aeroplane toilet, plastic floors, hard bed!!!! Although it states on the website that it is a standard size double bed, it does not inform you that you are literally rammed in against 3 walls, which makes it extremely uncomfortable if your tall...I had a lovely evening at the theatre and came back to this hell hole! Firstly we had to pay £5 for a remote control for a tv stuck on a bright orange wall, which also had a restriction on the volume! We could not shower after sitting in a hot theatre as we would then have been charged for requesting clean towels in the morning!And worst of all which is the main reason I'm writing this complain is we pulled the quilt back to make ourselves comfortable in bed (as you have an air conditioning unit directly above your pillows which is horrible contact wearer such as myself) to find the bed unmade underneath..... As we were making our own bed, we found black hairs on the sheets and duvet which physically made me feel sick - this is disgusting and there is no need for it at all!All in all I would never recommend this hotel, not even to someone I truly hated - I would never go back and I would be writing this to easyhotel themselves but conveniently there is no way to make a complaint on their website!!!!!	
May 1 2007 	Recommended for informed travellers.	My stay from April 24th-27th:From hotel's website I (aged 43) knew what it expected me: small rooms, functional bed and washroom, clean but tiny room. I selected standard size (9qm) without window and went there only for sleeping during a 3 night stay in London. The bed would have been too small for 2 adults but I was there on my own. I felt like in a ship's cabin, nothing else and not terrible at all, but just something total different from hotel rooms. I must say: It was exactly what I paid for (and was money saving because of early booking, 4 months in advance). The staff at the desk was friendly and helpful.	
Apr 22 2007 	You can do better	It's cheap, but my God, are the rooms small. I paid £45 which is obviously cheap for central London, but I'm glad it was for only one night. The room was very clean and the shower/toilet was small but bearable. It was a bit too hot for me, and it's not possible to adjust the aircon, so I was less comfortable than I could have been. The total lack of stowage space wasn't great either, but again, I was aware of this before I came, so the whole thing was pretty much what I expected. If the location is important you you, along with the low price, I would say try it out, but if you look around you can do better. My next hotel was the Travelodge at City Airport for £26, which was utter luxury compared to this.	
Mar 26 2007 	cheap clean crash pad	Does just what its saysSmall rooms Pay tvNo window A/C roomsDont understand people who rate this place poorly you pay average £45 for a double, cheapest for London is often around £70Great place just to crash no frills but cheap and clean	
Mar 14 2007 	Perfect for Young Couple	The concept of this hotel is brilliant. It was perfect for our four night stay. Yes, the room is small, but the room is CHEAP and CLEAN. Two difficult things to find in a central London hotel. It was a quick walk from the Gloucester Road tube stop and there was ample food and internet access in the neighborhood. I recommend the bigger windowless room. It is dark and cavelike, cozy and has more room to move around. On our last night we booked the room with a window thinking it would be nicer but it was too small for two people. This hotel is perfect for a young couple, the lack of windows, small TV and confined space helps foster intimacy. It also motivates you to stay out of the room and experience the greatest city on the planet, London. And the bed was very comfortable to boot. The pillows were not, however and we had to buy some a M&amp;S for three pounds. Overall, a wonderful experience.	
Mar 13 2007 	Awful - avoid!	Don't stay at the easy hotel!! It is a complete rip-off and I am confident a better hotel could be found for the same price. The room was just a bed and the duvet was smelly. The floor was like the floor from a plane and it is hard to tell if it is really clean. We paid the extra £5 to get a remote for the tv, but the reception was awful. I think you probably get better conditions in a prison cell. Staff were not particuly welcoming either. Avoid, Avoid, Avoid...I know I will never return!	
Feb 23 2007	Good idea	Booked this hotel after I finished a European tour. Booked directly through the website which was easy to understand and quick to use.The hotel itself is a bit of a trek from the Earl's Court Underground station and can be hard to find as it is off the main road a little. On the plus side, the walk down to the station passes a heap of stores such as a Laundromat, Fast Food, Banks, Supermarkets and Pubs so it is useful for the traveller. The rooms are VERY small and the bathrooms even smaller. It is definitely a place to crash and nothing more. It is neat and tidy though and well presented. The orange colour scheme wears off after the first few hours.Overall this would suit the single traveller or couple that wants budget accomodation that is a clear step above backpacker/youth hostels.	
Nov 27 2006	Don't Do It!	I really like the idea of this hotel, on paper, I think it's great: A cheap/no frills, place to do nothing more than sleep, located near both Earl's Court and Gloucester Road tube stations. I like to believe I'm the kind of traveler that needs nothing more than a bed, a shower and a toilet; however, after my one night stint at easyhotel, perhaps I'm not. The hotel was pretty easy to find, it's pretty close to the Sainsbury's on Cromwell, not a terrible walk from either Earl's Court or Gloucester Road tube. Checkin was pretty easy, the man behind the desk was nice enough. The room......okay, I read all the reviews, I KNEW it would be small (I had a small room, 2.1, no window), I was prepared for the smallness, but it was the least welcoming hotel room I've ever walked into, it was literally a cell. Pretty much the last thing you'd want to see after an 7.5 hour flight. It was clean though, the bed was comfy, although there was no way to regulate the air temp. I didn't have much luggage so even that wasn't an issue....but with no window, no phone, no TV (I was not going to pay the equivilant of nearly $10 to watch a couple hours of TV) and no CLOCK in the room, it was disorienting. Then there's the bathroom. All I have to say is that it's very tiny, and that you must close the door when showering or you will flood the room....but it worked, again, the size of everything was not my main problem with this hotel. It just seems that they are almost going out of their way to make a guest's stay unpleasant by not offering free TV access for one (I can understand maybe collecting a deposit for the remote, which is returned upon checkout but it's ridiculous to charge outright for use of a remote), or even a clock, the worst part by far was the lack of a window. After a day in London, I reluctantly came back to the hotel and asked the woman at the desk if somebody could let me know when it was 10 a.m. (checkout time....no WAY was I going to be charged extra for staying later...and no phone in room means no conventional wakeup call) as I had neglected to bring my travel alarm clock and she acted like it was the most absurd question ever posed by a human being. Fortunately, I woke up early, checked out and spent the next night at a real hotel. I paid $85 VAT included for the hotel, and it was booked at the very last minute. I will admit $85 for a hotel in London is not bad, I just think that for what you get, it's not a great value. I typically use Priceline for my London hotel stays and it's not uncommon to get a 4 star there for $60-$85, and all of those places offer TV and WINDOWS! The next night I stayed at a hotel I was kind of dreading (read lots of bad reviews) the Copthorne Tara, and it seemed like a palace compared to the Easyhotel. I really wanted to like the place, like I said, I love the idea, I'd never go back unless I absolutely could not find something else at a reasonable price.	
Oct 14 2006 	Excellent location excellent price	We stayed for four nights in a room without a window. The benefits of Easy Hotel are that is in a fantastic location for seeing the sights of London and the price can't be beat. Having said that, the rooms are tiny beyond belief. The double bed is surrounded by walls and there is only enough extra space to open the door to your room (this is where your bags go!). The bathroom is equally tiny, but clean and serves your purposes if you aren't looking for luxury. The air conditioning is draining, especially if you have just come off a long haul flight and are desperately seeking fresh air. We were literally in our room to wash and sleep, so it was fine for our purposes. I'm not sure that we could have spent too many more nights there because the airconditioning was killing us! I would definately book another short stay there because it is a fantastic option for a budget traveller.	
Oct 6 2006	Great neighborhood--super small room	I spent five nights at the easyHotel as I passed in and out of London. Keeping in mind at 62 I'm not in the target demo of this hotel, I probably would not return. The location is great with two tube stations within walking distance and they are on the direct line form Heathrow. There are lots of restaurants, a supermarket, Internet cafe, and coin laundry all within a few blocks. I mention all these things as you definitely will want to stay out of your room as much as possible.As others have mentioned, the rooms and bathrooms are clean but there are absolutely no ammenities. You have to put your luggage on the bed and then on the floor when you get ready to go to bed. My room had no window. There is no lobby. For most of my stay I was patting myself on the back for saving money on the hotel and spending the savings on the sites but by the last couple of days I was wishing for a &quot;real&quot; hotel room. I'm not sorry I stayed but will look for a hotel with more services next time.	
Sep 25 2006 	Don"T Do It	I booked this hotel even after reading the past reviews thinking.. (I'm not a picky person nor am I looking for a 5 star hotel with great accomadations, just somewhere to rest my head. Well I wish I would have just paid a few extra pounds because this place was unbearably uncomfortable. When taking a shower EVERYTHING gets wet thats how small the bathroom is. We too had to use the bed to store our luggage we ended up just sleeping with the luggage on our bed because it was easier to open the bathroom door that way, can you believe it? The no window thing is torture, it's easy to have no perception of time especially if you are jet lagged and trying to adjust to a new time. We ended up buying the silly remote to use the t.v. so we could have a little light in the room instead of just the big one Oh yeah we too had trouble with no hot water and the water pressure. In conclusion don't do it! Yes it's a newer hotel but thats the ONLY plus, I can't even say the staff was nice because they had no customer service skills. There are MANY other hotels located in the area at a reasonable price.	
Aug 6 2006 	Nothing easy about it....	I know it's cheap and cheerful, and we paid £40 for a double room. There was two of us, and we found the staff to be friendly enough checking in.However, we stayed in a Small No Window room - Never Ever expected it to be so small - It literally is tiny! Clostrophopically small.It's clean, I'll give it that, but there's absolutely no room to get ready - You literally have to put your luggage on the bed to get dressed - Unbearable...The bathroom is as small as a toilet on a aeroplane, it's ridiculous...Would have helped if there were just a few shelves to put your luggage on...Location is great mind, and really handy for Kensington High Street and Gloucester Road. However, I'd rather have splashed out a bit more for like a cheap B&amp;B or a travelodge. It's like half the price of most places, but the room certainly isn't half the standard (more like a quarter of)... We'd rather have had more room but lower standards.Avoid, and spend a few more pennies, even if at the end of the day, like us, it's only somewhere to rest your head....	
Mar 3 2006	Average	Just returned from my stay at the easyHotel (1 night). My stay was not as bad as some had described theirs, but it was certainly less then perfect.The positive:The neighborhood is safe. The hotel is located on a quiet street.The room is clean and somewhat cosy.No smoking or pets allowed on premises. The building seems well kept (no broken fixtures) as against most ‘budget’ hotels. The negative:There are no amenities apart from basic accommodation, you can't even get a cup of coffee at any price. Only one towel in the room (there were two of us).The rooms are IMPOSSIBLY small. The staff is useless, trashy, and speak very little English. The hotel is not that close to a tube station. 20 minutes walk. I have mixed feelings about this hotel. I will not say that people should at all costs avoid booking this hotel but my advise for those who value atmosphere, friendliness and space would be to spend their pounds elsewhere. This hotel is comparable to those cheap self-service restaurants. Overall the value for money is just average. Have had better. I would only recommend easyHotel to those who are used to staying in youth hostels, caravans or boats.	
Feb 25 2006	Avoid	Having read the reviews left by others, I had a pretty good idea of what to expect. Booked this hotel anyway for it's price and admittedly great location............ big mistake. I did not have any extraordinary expectations at £35 a night, but it was much worse then I'd ever thought it would be.When I arrived the entrance door was open and there were questionable people hanging around. I located a closed reception door and stood there waiting. A female finally appeared to unlock the door in about 10 minutes. I was ignored completely which forced me to ask whom I'm meant to see in order to check in. I was finally allocated a room at this point and sent upstairs. This process was quick but dreadful. I hesitated to ask for directions to the nearest convenience store as the receptionist seemed to have better things to do than accommodate guests' questions.Everything in this hotel is tiny. I was sent three floors up with my massive suitcases. There is no lift and no bell person. The room I was given was claustrophobically small (no window) and no space for my luggage whatsoever. The room consists of a bed that is touching all three walls and a flat T.V. hanging high above the bed. The bathroom is the most ridiculous invention I have ever come across. The whole cubicle is about 2 sq m with a showerhead, a basin and a toilet all squeezed into one tiny cubicle. The worst part: there was no hot water. Noticed right away that the a/con made the room very hot. On a positive side: the room was very clean and the bed was comfortable.I was reluctant about going back to reception to ask for these problems to be rectified, but had no other choice. As you'd expect, I was ignored once again. Tried to ask for help but nothing! When I asked if there was a senior member of staff available was told that I'm speaking with the manager. Right!My stay ended the very same evening. I was forced out of the room by the noisy and impossibly hot a/con which gave me a migraine. I checked into the Parkcity next door. It was a bit more expensive, but well worth it. Great atmosphere, very nice accommodation, a variety of facilities on offer and professional staff. What else could I ask for? There is one thing going for this EasyHotel: it's location. The rate is also ADEQUATE for a hotel in Earl's Court. But that's about it. Everything else about this hotel is a right nightmare. I can't describe how miniature the rooms are, the T.V. costs 5 pounds to watch ten LOCAL channels for 24 hours only, the a/con noise is quite disturbing and the heat unadjustable and there isn't any hot water. Don't expect any assistance as there is only one ditzy female with poor English for a &quot;manager&quot;.Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. There are many B&amp;Bs in the area that offer bigger rooms, better rates, some kind of customer service and... breakfast.	
Feb 21 2006 	A bed and private bathroom and that's about it	After having read some of the earlier reviews I knew a bit what to expect in the easyHotel. The room was indeed the tiniest possible: precisely the size of the 1,80x1,20m bed plus 1 square meter of floor to allow the doors to the hall and the bathroom to open (but not simultaneously). I paid the extra 4 pounds per night for a window, which probably prevented me from falling victim to claustrofobia.In such a small room the supply of oxygen becomes an issue, even if it is used by just one person as in my case. This must be the reason why the fresh air supply cannot be turned off of regulated (although it may be possible to block the air channel with a piece of garment). It's very annoying indeed. Not noisy, but you feel a constant draught and you'll wake up with dry eyes and ditto throat.I found the air issue to be the main drawback. Other problems mentioned in earlier reviews depend on your situation. True, there is no place for bulky luggage. And just two hook to put your clothing. The viewing angle for the tv is suboptimal (and this is quite critical with flat screens). The bathroom very small but efficient, although it's almost inevitable to bump several times against the shower tap and turn your nice shower into a sudden hot or cold wash.But the place is clean, the mattress excellent, the duvet warm and the location great. Certainly worth considering if you're travelling on your own, not recommendable for couples.	
Feb 19 2006 	Very disappointed!	I checked into easy hotel on 25/01. The clerk was very pleasant and I was given a clean room despite my early arrival. The room was as small as I had expected it to be but it was clean and cozy. There were no common areas for guests and no other facilities then accommodation which didn't bother me. I thought I had found a hotel for my short but frequent trips to London town but the disappointment came the following morning and I will not be coming back here again. I asked the receptionist the following morning if the cold air circulation around my windowless room could be reduced or if they could provide an extra blanket as it was cold in the room at night. I was told that the air circulation can't be stopped and there are no extra blankets in the hotel but what I was shocked by is her unresponsiveness and negative attitude. I have never felt so unwelcome. Especially in a hotel. It was made clear to me that the staff at this hotel should not be approached. This budget hotel and the concept behind it could work for many people that do not consider human contact vital. Some of the negative concepts of this hotel could be compensated for by having competent staff. It did not work for me on this ocassion. I would advise fellow travelers not to consider this hotel as your stay is bound to be spoilt by the shockingly unpleasant and rude staff.	
Feb 6 2006 	it should have been better	Me and my friend stayed at end of January for just one night, just as well because I dont think we could have stayed for a second night. We had a standard room with no window, the no window wasnt an issue but we did have a problem with the air conditioning running 24hours, it was noisy but worst of all it made the air very dry and uncomfortable to sleep in particularly with two people in the room. Definately not a room for romanics! After a night in this room you will be gasping for fresh air in the morning. It makes you wonder what kind of air you are breathing all night.My second gripe is that the staff are determined to be unfriendly and unhelpful. It seems the low price of an Easyhotel room does not include friendly staff........that must be extra like the remote control for the TV. Incidently, when I asked for a remote control the staff told me there was none available.... torment! Admittedly this place is clean and central at a low cost but it is a bit a torment to stay here. No remote control, coat hooks 7 feet from the floor, ceiling lights that shine right into your eyes when in bed, dimmer switch for lights at the END of the bed...... unpleasant staff, and no atmosphere............. I could say more but I think you will get the idea by now........	
Jan 20 2006	Very clean	I stayed there at the end of August and found that the rooms were very clean, very orange, and very nice duvet. The A/c was working great. The TV screen was awkward to see at times and the room was very very tiny but it was ok as long as you came in, showered, and read a bit before sleeping. You wouldnt want to stay in there awak for a long period of time as you go stir crazy on the size. The staff was helpful and the area was safe. The tube was a few blocks away and the taxi had a small problem locating the address as it jumps out at you. I recommend it for price and a clean place to lay your head. The toilet.shower is small and plastic like but you can do what you need to do. There is no room for luggage and that was a problem if you have a bit of it..	
Dec 23 2005	Surly staff and TV is too high		
Dec 10 2005	Price of Diminishing Returns		
Dec 7 2005	Great deal if booked early but lacks luggage storage		
Nov 29 2005	OK until the last day		
Nov 16 2005 	not bad at all for young and small		
Nov 15 2005	Perfect for the single budget traveller		
Oct 17 2005	Thumbs-up from this single traveller		
Oct 2 2005	It does exactly what it says on the tin!		
Aug 22 2005	Stay in "a tiny room"		
Aug 12 2005	Excellent - beat that for value for money		
Nov 3 2009 	Perfecto para estancias cortas		
Oct 3 2009 	Insalubre. Tenía que estar 5 noches y sólo resistí 4.		
Aug 21 2009 	Günstig sauber freundlich top Lage		
Aug 21 2009 	????????OK???		
Aug 14 2009 	Barato y en el centro		
Jun 25 2009 	Que pour les séjours de courtes durées		
Feb 9 2009 	excellent rapport qualité/prix pour Londres		
Jul 9 2008	mirage		
May 27 2008 	¡Imposible más por menos!		
Mar 6 2008 	Ca dépanne!!		
Dec 19 2007 	idéal pour un city-trip entre amis		
Dec 14 2007 	Okay wenn man weiß was einen erwartet		
Nov 5 2007 	Hotel cómodo y funcional en el centro de Londres		
Dec 10 2006 	Claustrofobia		
