Nov 19 2009 	A disgrace don't even think about this "hotel"	A nice view looking at the entrance - but then the rooms are in separate blocks. The entrance is filthy, carpets well past threadbare, and it stinks. The rooms are just as bad, bedcovers clearly (as in VERY CLEARLY) unwashed and the doorlocks don't feel like they would withstand a casual push on the door. I have stayed in some poor places across the world in my life - this is absolutely the worst ever - and made all the poorer by hotel photos that try to give a very different impression to reality. Like so many reviewers have said already : never, ever again	
Nov 18 2009 	Avoid at all costs	Reception very appealing, as is the bar and restaurant. What a shock when you get to your room. I had the misfortune to have a single room. Cold tap didn't work, the room was badly in need of decoration and was extremely noisy.This hotel has some new rooms which are pricey. Unless you book anything other than a standard room avoid it like the plague.	
Nov 15 2009 	Avoid if possible	Have used the Barn before and not been impressed but needed somwehere to stay in a hurry and handy for the tube - proximity to Ruislip station must be why people stay there.Person on reception was really quite unwelcoming, almost surley.This time had a ground floor room at far end of garden. Got soaked in the rain while I fumbled about with the key in the dark trying to get in.Once in, the room was like an oven. Radiators on full blast and no way of controlling them.My employers had agreed to cover evening meal in the price. £25 for a two course meal seemed ridiculous. I work for a charity so felt I could not waste the charity's funds in this way and went out for sandwiches instead.Last time I had the cooked breakfast there the fried egg was cold an virtually uncooked. This this time I just had cereals and toast which was OK.I will not go back to the Barn. Instead I will trawl around on the internet for a local B&amp;B and give them my custom	
Nov 5 2009 	Avoid if you can !	Like other reviwers I was taken in by the website pictures,looks good but the reality is different.The good bits,well, the reception area was quite nice and so was the bar area.The bad bits,we were directed to our rooms across the courtyard,looks good but on opening the outside door to get to the rooms you are met with a disgustingly filthy peice of carpet.Then on entering the room ,a sort of musty smell was horrible ( now I know why all the windows were open wide ).The bathroom was laughable,so tiny.Breakfast was just as bad,cold coffee,stale danish pastries,I didn't try the hot buffet.All in all,not a pleasant stay.Also,the reception staff were most unhelpful when I asked where a local restaurant was,it was 5 mins away but they couldn't be bothered to find out for me.	
Nov 5 2009 	Like the Curate's Egg ..........	I will preface with saying I wasn't paying for this trip but I did select the hotel on the basis of the cunningly lit website pictures featuring the new Lodge. It was only one night and, sensibly, I called the hotel before and ensured I had a ground floor double room. A colleague and I had a simple sandwich lunch before a conference and that was fine. There were several parties of silver surfers lunching in the restaurant and this was a Monday. Coffee was good and service attentive. I loved the panelled public rooms and the furnishings, the nooks and crannies and the real fire. The bedroom was small and in need of a lot of attention. Other colleagues had quite a time with the showers which varied from scalding and fierce to dribbly and cold, mine came apart in my hand, but once I got the hang of it temperature and pressure were good. The restaurant where 8 of us dined was a revelation. The chef provided an excellent 2 or 3 course set menu with a more ambitious 'Tasting Menu'. He/she was the doyenne of the Amuse-Bouche we were tempted with little pastries and relishes and salmon mousse between courses plus a fruity dessert all included in the £25 or £29 per head. The colleague funding the wine discovered a particular bottle that he had had in South Africa so was happy. The late night atmosphere was relaxed, the trudge to the room not so good, but all in all, for North London, but a stone's throw from our business destination, at the price, I'd go back. I will recommend, but with caveats on expectations.	
Oct 28 2009 	shortest stay ever!!!!!	We had seen the lovely photographs on the website and thought what a great hotel!!!. As we had stayed at a fantastic hotel over the weekend the comparison could not have been more obvious.Reception was fine .OK. We were given our key and directed to a first floor room at the far end of the grounds. What can I say, I was actually reduce to tears. My husband asked if we could up-grade to a better room but were told the hotel was full. Poor guests in the same rooms we were allocated, The double bed was pushed into the corner of a tiny room, only one bedside table which had everything piled onto it ,phone, TV remote , not required I could have changed channels with my toe whilst lying in bed, tea and coffee was also on the bedside table. The en-suite had a folding door which didn't close properly, so it would be like going to the toilet in the same room as the bed. The wallpaper was worn on the corners and there were stains on it. .We rang and booked another hotel for the two nights and checked out within the hour. We were charged for the first night but were so glad to find another room we could be bothered to complain, I know we should have but it was just a pleasure to be in a modern clean room with a super bathroom ( a National Chain of Inns) NEVER HAS A ROOM REDUCED ME TO TEARS BEFORE!!!	
Oct 5 2009 	Fawlty Towers Thirty Years On.	Cramped, pokey, shabby and smelly.............. but enough of the staff. I'm sure you'd rather hear about the rooms.Where to start? I've experienced the Barn Hotel many times over the last six years (with a two year break) because my employers insisted on using it when I/we are in the area. At first there were only the old rooms and judging by some of the reviews here they've not changed a bit. Dated, small, a bit whiffy. The sort of place you often ended up in on school trips but without the frisson of planning how to get to the girls/boys rooms without getting caught. In the single rooms I had to put my suitcase on the bed, remove whatever I wanted then close the suitcase and stand it in the corner, there just wasn't room to have it open.Now there's the new, you-beaut, 'executive' wing built in a minimalist style a couple of years ago. Contemporary looking from the outside they are certainly a lot better than the old rooms but it's like someone was given free rein with a Maplins electronic gadget catalogue at the building stage and then fitted out by a colour-blind chimp (remember, brown wire goes right, blue goes left and yellow/green up the middle). The water feature at the front is evaporating and green, if there any fish they're long dead. There's no plaque outside explaining the Machiavelian numbering system either (and the staff NEVER give directions on checking in) so we often spend five minutes ort so wandering the grounds and corridors.Half the gadgets don't work having failed, I suspect, soon after installation. As already stated there are TWO TV remotes (one for the bedroom and one for the bathroom) but the one in the bathroom only works on the same channel as the one in the bedroom and only if you are dead centre in front of the screen which means you can't watch the telly from the toilet. Err, apparently. You can increase the volume on Tuesdays if you first spin three times in a clockwise direction and the channels won't change unless there's an 'R' in the month. Seriously, telly in the bathroom is a nice thought but I suspect most people give up within two minutes. Note to hotel management. Rip all the gimmicky stuff out, install something simple and reliable and maintain it properly.In the suites a peek behind the bedsite cabinets reveals a mass of multi-coloured wiring that would do NASA proud. It all has the air of a bodged job of the sort that, well, to be frank the sort of job I'd do and I regularly electrocute myself changing a light bulb. Window blinds and skylights that open on a timer are great if a) you know they're there and b) some health fetishist of the last guest hasn't pre-set them to coincide with the dawn chorus. The sight of the tatty blinds with broken strings and dead control boxes just adds to the shabbiness as do the bare wires hanging out of the wall in the hallway.Seriously? A nice attempt, clearly lots of money has been spent but there's no point in doing it half-cocked if the gadgets break down or are too much of a faff to work.I've only eaten breakfast at the Barn. The buffet is average with cereals, juice, pastries, fruit and yoghurt but stray into the cooked food territory and it can get interesting. I'm sure they fill up all the coffee pots at 6am and just let them stew and go cold. If you want coffee after 8am bring a knife and fork to consume it with after first re-heating it on the radiator. The waiting staff are sweet but probably untrained, unless you specify otherwise you'll only ever get one rasher of bacon that's so overcooked you could have someone's eye out with it. For a laugh try ordering soft-boiled eggs. I had to tell them how long to boil the eggs for (they were still undercooked and inedible) and when they arrived rolling around on a plate (free-range maybe?). I had to have them go look for an eggcup. Five minutes later, when I'd scalded my fingerprints off trying to hold a hot egg and take the top off) I was informed that they didn't have eggcups. Who'd have thunk it, eh? Eggcups. I mean, who usues those any more? Points for trying though, another five minutes later they brought me a shot glass from the bar but by then I'd lost the will to live, let alone scoff two underdone eggs. Far better to eat out and for this there are a number of decent indian, chinese, thai, italian and other restaurants nearby. Some of them sell take-away as proven by the guest who brough his into the bar area and sat there stuffing his face, stinking the place out and quaffing a pint of Old Wifebeater.Would I recommend The Barn? Yes, but purely for a laugh.	
Oct 4 2009 	Avoid if you can	My company sent me here, although I stayed in the new part which is more spacious than the old bit, nothing worked, the TV was contolled by a combination of controllers, the WiFi (£10 for 24hrs!) didnt work in the room, nor did the ethernet cable, even the door took 3 attempts with different keys to work, by the end of my 2day stay I had been to the front desk 10 times, always a drama, one girl doing everything, sometimes took 5 mins to get her attention. Room service was 70's pub-grub at best.	
May 21 2009 	Not as bad as I was expecting	I was horrified when this hotel was booked for me and I read the reviews, however the truth was really not bad. I was in Sherley's Barn and as I opened the door with trepidation, I was pleasantly surprised. The room was large and the bathroom was modern and clean. OK, there were a few niggles, had I had my husband (6'2&quot;) or son (6'5&quot;) with me they would never have fitted in the shower, but they could have used the jacuzzi bath. The water was lukewarm in the shower and the plug was stuck in the sink, but it was OK. I must say though, the restaurant food was amazing, and the staff in the restaurant exceptional. Breakfast was good, reception staff indifferent, however that might have been because they were phoned prior to my arrival to ensure that my room was good. I think the trick is when booking this hotel is to make sure they know you have seen the reviews and to phone up prior to arrival.	
May 17 2009 	Feel like an amoeba in a Broom Cupboard - it's bigger!	After a long drive of 5 hours I looked forward to staying in this comfortable 'boutique' hotel. Big tip: Do not believe the photos on the website. The reception area was impressive and the bar looked spacious. On collecting my keys I was directed to a sort of converted stable block area out the back; first problem - if you have lots of luggage and are a lone traveller - insist on help, it is quite a walk. On entering the block door the smell was the first thing that hit me. A sort of musty, damp smell comparible to a water trap that isn't clearing. The corridors and stairs were very narrow and the decor shabby. Entering my room, the first impression was shock that this hotel had an AA 3-star listing; how did they manage that? Despite being generally clean, the wallpaper was yellowed, the carpet was stained and it was so .... small. Standing with my arms outstretched I was touching both walls: there wasn't room to think, let alone move! I felt like an amoeba in a broom cupboard. My company occasionally send me around the UK on training courses so this isn't the first time I've stayed in AA 3-star but this grading I would question. The shower couldn't make it's mind up whether it was a bath or a shower and I've had more strength drain from a watering can. Despite this, the staff were pleasent and were doing their best. I got the impression they were working hard with limited resources for those of us in limited space. I would rather pay a bit extra in future and have more space: it was claustraphobic.	
Apr 21 2009 	Avoid like the plague!!	We booked a meal in Hawtreys Restaurant at the Barn Hotel and decided to make the most of our evening by booking a room to stay over. Big mistake. Quite honestly the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. We were quoted £70 per room for B &amp; B which we thought was a bargain but we were sadly mistaken. The room has probably not been decorated since 1970. The carpet was rotten, the furniture was old (not antique - more MFI) and falling apart, the bathroom was dirty and smaller than my airing cupboard at home! The worst part was the army of ants that we had to share the room with! We were offered a discount of £10 at checkout but that did not really compensate for such a bad experience. It was such a shame as the meal we had in Hawtreys was superb and the decor of the hotel reception, bar and lounge areas was very nice. Just wish we had booked a cab home instead of a room!!	
Apr 15 2009 	Do not go there please!	I have been there in february 2009, at the reception were only one person busy between incoming phone calls, fax and not able to attend well. I went in my room but it was to hot, so I tried the restaurant area while refreshing my room with opening windows, The restaurant Manager was a Indian guy very good personality but the food was disgusting especially the fillet I eat, so much full of butter all over but green the inside part, it means to me that food was out-date. there the Manager apollogy to me and returning the dish to kitchen I have been hearing the chef screaming and saying something about &quot;[--] Customers&quot;. Then I left the Restaurant very disappointed of it.	
Apr 14 2009 	Ab fab!! Excellent. Well deserved of it's 2 rossettes	This hotel is just lovely. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. We stayed in Deans Lodge and the room was fab. The dinner in the evening was scrumptuous with attentive, but unobtrusive waiting staff.Thank you	
Dec 7 2008 	Didn't want shave in light anyways	Stayed here on business. Room was a nice size but the bathroom left a lot to be desired. Old '80s spa bath that had seen better days. The lights above the sink didn't work so shaving was hit and miss, heard someone else comment the same. Room temp was a problem for some of my party, too hot, windows difficult to open. Bar service was great as was breakfast.	
Oct 31 2008 	Not suitable for the business traveller	I stayed 4 nights at this hotel which seems to suffer from a split personality with the Deane's Lodge being the up market side and the rest of the hotel rooms the poor relations! I was greeted in a very offhand way, not a good first impression on my first stay at this establishment. The room, which I quickly started referring to as my &quot;stall&quot; at the barn as it was about the same size as a horse stall in a stable! To get into the room I had to climb over the bed with my suitcase as there wasn't enough room to wheel my suitcase in the space between the bed and the wall. The bathroom, if it could be called that, not that it didn't have a bath, but the word &quot;room&quot; didn't come close .... it was a cupboard under the stairs really that had a bath, toilet and sink crammed into it. Each shower was an exercise in stuffing towels beneath the glass shower wall to avoid a repeat of the first shower where the water flooded onto the floor and took two bath towels to soak up to avoid the hazard of slipping and injuring myself. The restaurant however, was very nice and the food quite good, old fashioned service but polite and a good pace to the meal. On the one evening I chose the bar menu, I was amazed to witness an ongoing argument between the two staff neither of whom wanted to deliver the room service orders and were threatening to down tools and go home! Very unprofessional presentation indeed but a bit amusing in a Fawlty Towers kind of way! Lastly, there was no Internet access and so I lost hours of productivity during the trip.	
Sep 20 2008 	Never again.............	Well, what can I say........I'll try to be objective.I stayed one night at The Barn. The staff were really great, the reception and public areas are very nice but the bedrooms in the old blocks are dire.A short walk from reception to the bedroom blocks was through the hotel gardens. To access my room I had to climb rickety, narrow stairs to a equally narrow corridor which had an odour of cigarette smoke. The decor was very tired.Upon entering the room I was surprised just how small it was...and where was the ensuite bathroom? Opening the double doors (which I thought was the wardrobe) revealed one of the smallest 'bathrooms' I have ever seen. It must have been 6 foot square....and had a bath, basin and toilet. The bath had a shower screen, clawped in sealant, much of which was brown with mould. Stepping out of the bath was tricky, what with the very close proximity of the toilet bowl!! And where was I expected to hang a towel when using the basin??The general decor of the bedroom was 'tired'. The floor was very springy, if you know what I mean. I asked for a quiet room, but the walls were like paper and you could hear every movement and flush from the adjacent rooms. The bedroom door couldn't be locked from the inside for additional security.Continental breakfast (listed at about £11) was included in the price, and was OK, but a cooked breakfast was in the region of £16 - steep for what it was.I paid £95 for my room which I considered not to be VFM - I reckon it wasn't worth more than £50 or so. I suggest that the hotel management begin to invest in the general rooms to reflect the prices charged....start by demolishing the old rooms perhaps?About the only benefits of staying at The Barn are its location for the tube into London and some good local restaurants and pubs.For what it's worth, I will not stay there again.	
Aug 20 2008	Perfect!	Before writing this, I took a minute or 2 to read some of the other reviews, &amp; in all honesty, it's hard to believe I stayed in the same hotel as many of them! Admittedly, this was not my first stay at the Barn. However, it was my first time in Deane's Lodge, &amp; will certainly not be my last.Previously, I had stayed in a particular room in the main part of the hotel, which was somewhat bigger, I have to admit, than the descriptions listed in other reviews, and very pleasant. But the Bangalore suite (rm 303) was without exaggeration, a 5 star room, in a 3 star establishment.4 of us shared this suite, and there was ample room for us all. I've seen many a king size bed on my travels, but never one as large as the one in this suite!The couch in the lounge area opened up into another (albeit somewhat smaller) double.The bathroom was awesome! I couldn't get my 2 kids (6 &amp; 8) out of the bath on one of the days, as they sat like Lord &amp; Lady muck, with the jacuzzi on, while channel hopping!Another nice touch - the heated mirrors in the bathroom - making it nice n' easy to shave!I'm not a huge fizzy drink fan, but the minibar seemed to be well stocked with a large variety of drinks &amp; snacks.I'm also not a fan of big cooked breakfasts - however, I enjoyed my museli &amp; fruit. But for those who like to start their day with a 'hearty English breakfast', you will surely not be disappointed.And as with my previous visits, I've only ever encountered a willingness to help, even if in my case, it's just been with my luggage.The grounds have a charm all of their own, and on arrival I noticed a wedding in progress in the garden area. By the time we returned for bed, the wedding party was in full swing, &amp; I thought the music was going to keep us awake. However, once we closed the window, we couldn't hear a thing.If you do stay in the Lodge with young kids, my advice would be to hide the remotes to the 3 TV's (bathroom, bedroom &amp; lounge) from the kids!	
Jul 31 2008	YUCK	Stayed here earlier this year and wish I hadn't. The hotel rooms were more reminscent of Feltham Remand Centre or a flea-ridden one-star hovel in Somalia than most English hotels that dare to charge these prices. The toilet was 89cms from the bed.How do they get away with it?	
Jul 29 2008 	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL	I stayed at this hotel as I was attending a wedding in the area. A number of my friends also stayed at the hotel, the majority of us booked the standard rooms paying £95 for the privilege. I don't really know where to begin with the amount of complaints that we had over breakfast the next morning. Here are just a few:Room stank of sewageOne bath towel when room is a doubleDirty bathroomHad breakfast in the bar where chairs stank of cigarettesNo real service for breakfast so no plates/food and no offer of toast or coffeeLunch was expensive and clearly not the quality of food that was advertised on the menuThe list goes on......So the next morning we all felt truly ripped off when it came to paying the £95 bill. I do not understand how they can justify charging that amount for a sub-standard room when the hotel isn't even located in central London. Also, the website is really misleading. It should make it much clearer that most of the photographs and information is relating to the more expensive rooms, they need to include more realistic photographs of the 'standard' rooms so that people can see what they are really paying for.	
Jun 13 2008 	Dont Get Married Here !! Awful!	I recently got married and was using the Barn Hotel as the nominated hotel for all my relatives, and also as our 'First Night'. We spent a rediculous amount of money on one of their new suites, and expected to get some fairly good treatment considering the amount we paid and the fact we had just got married. On arriving at the hotel, the reception staff were EXTREMELY rude, oblivious to the fact i was standing there in my wedding dress, requesting a credit card (where was i supposed to keep that???), informed us the &quot;bar is shut&quot; - to paying hotel guests at 1am??? (managemant later informed us there had been a staff wedding that night.....). We were taken to our room, pointed in the general direction, left to work out there electonic keys, the room was SOOOOO HOT, no air-con left on, we were not shown how to work the air-con, lights, hi-tec bathroom...... we were so disgusted we called a taxi and went home for our first night as a married couple!!!!!the next morning, to my embarassment i heard there were NO SEATS AT BREAKFAST, NO COFFEE, NO TEA, this was accounted to a staff shortage (did i mention the staff wedding the previous night??)All in all, terrible service, left me crying in my wedding dress, would rather go nome, embarassed that my family had such POOR SERVICE, the manager has stated &quot;what do i need to apologise for?&quot; DO NOT GO HERE LET ALONE GET MARRIED!!!!!!!!!	
May 16 2008	Worse than Faulty Towers stayed in better foreign hostels	I stayed between the 9th and 11th of May 2008 with my wife to attend a relatives Wedding. Luckily the reception was not at this hotel (more follows on that later).We too stayed in room 35 - described by others in these pages as smaller than a boat cabin. Yes it was small and the aged bathroom in a cupboard, with no windows.It was the hottest weekend of the year and had been hot all week yet still the heating was on full, even with the windows open their was no air movement through the small windows. The room was clean though.Breakfast on Saturday morning was good. There were plenty of staff in the resturant and sort of a silver service choice from a menu and it arived on a hot plate - nothing was too much trouble.After the Wedding on the Saturday - we had been joined at the Hotel by other family and friends from afar who were staying the one night as opposed to our two night stay. Room service - no price list in room - we ordered a plate of sandwiches when we got back just after midnight. The hotel was busy as their was a wedding reception on at the hotel. Consisted of a cold plate of sanwiches from the fridge and a few soft crisps which had been also kept in the fridge.Breakfast on Sunday morning can only be described as totally organised or miss managed. No one to greet you on arrival at the resturant. This time it was a buffet style no hot plates, food in very short supply - more of a bun fight. A group of about 20 people who had been at the wedding reception at the Hotel including the bride and groom went into the resturant at the same time expecting a large table set up for them. Due to the Hotel catering for a seperate Communion Breakfast for 30 people - they were left to grab what tables there were, and their are not too many of them either. Staff were vertually non existant even when the fire alarms were ringing for about 10 mins and no staff appeared (Being British and hungry everyone kept their seats in the resturant) waiting for more food to arrive. We half expected John Cleese to come out of the kitchen with ManuelUpon checking out I have never in all my years of hotel travel experienced everyone in the line complain about something. The Bride and Groom from the Wedding reception at the Hotel were in front of us and they complained about the food at the reception being all deep fried and poorly kept, not refrigerated before being brought out.The receptionist was pleasant enough, obviously used to many complaints,.but not able to offer much. The duty manager - was the resturant manager - who looked like a student and was too busy sorting out other functions too trouble with complaints.DO NOT EVER USE THIS HOTEL AGAIN IS MY AND MY FAMILIES RECOMMENDATION.PS. The Bride and Groom (my Cousin and her new husband) arrived at the hotel just after midnight and the reception staff or night porter demanded they produce a credit card - wedding dress for her and the groom in a kilt before he would give them the key to their booked ages ago £300 luxury Suite. Another guest provided theirs and the night porter showed them part of the way to their room, into the new wing and then pointed down the corridor. The room was like an oven and nothing had been laid on, champagne, flowers, nowt - not even a congratulations from the hotel staff. the suite was very high tech eand with no instructions, the bride fled the Hotel in tears, her new husband restrained from assaulting the night porter while the best man had a word in private - they refused to pay.	
May 6 2008	In 2 Minds!!!!!!!!!!	My husband &amp; I stayed at this hotel the 1st bank holiday weekend in May 2008.After seeing the pictures on the website (which are absolutely beautiful), &amp; getting a fantastic deal for the two of us, I had no qualms wotsoever about booking this hotel. Can you then imagine my horror after reading (not 1, but all!!!!) of the reviews on this website!! I was shocked &amp; depressed to the core.So much so that the weekend I was so looking forward to became one of dread. I could not believe that the hotel these reviews were about was the one which I had seen on the website &amp; booked. Therefore, a couple of days before we were scheduled to stay I emailed the hotel directly with my concerns, etc &amp; hoped against all hope that something good would come of it. I also directed them to this website to see for themselves what people had to say about their stays at this hotel.So, we arrived late on a friday night &amp; booked in with no bother. The guy on reception was very pleasant and I must say had lovely manners to boot. The room which we were allocated was straight up the path opposite reception. And how pretty are the gardens? Both at night when lit up with the solar ligths and also during the day when the sun is shinning and the birds are singing. Anyway, we entered our room &amp; I must admit we were pleasantly surprised. The room was certainly small &amp; probably could have done with a little TLC, but was clean, had no smell of damp, was nice &amp; warm, &amp; the shower (although we found this in what I would call a cupboard!!!!!) was grand with pumping hot water day &amp; night. The proximity to the tube station was excellant - only round the corner, &amp; 2 seconds over the road takes you to Ruislep high street. I dont know if my email to the hotel made any differance or not, but we certainly had a lovely weekend &amp; cannot complain about this hotel wot oever. The only drawback (&amp; it really is only a minor one) is that it would be just a little too far out of central London for our taste. The Tube service is amazing but only runs to about 12 oclock at night. After that, you must get a taxi &amp; the prices of those are really ridiculus.As for staying there again - I must admit we really would be in 2 minds. But as for this trip, my husband &amp; I had a lovely time &amp; loads of thanks to the Barn Hotel &amp; staff	
May 2 2008	Bed Bugs and a lot of small things not working	The Barn Hotel at first seemed very elegant with first class front end staff. My stay was for several days and moved to several rooms because of various issues out of my control. Mostly because of things like TV not receiving more than a handfull of channels or the glass shower doors leaking and flooding the room. I was able to finally move into a very nice luxury suit. That was until I awoke early morning feeling something crawling on me. There were actually 11 bedbugs I either took off of me or in the immediate area I was sleeping. I put the bed bugs in a jar and showed management. I was told they would contact a professional. Around noon that day I decided to check back on my room and found the king size bed torn apart with blood smeared bed bugs squished all over the mattress and pockets of darks specs which I assumed were eggs. It's been over a week and I still am dealing with bed bug bites all over my body. I have a few other collegues who are still at The Barn and have had no issues. I would stay there again, but only if I tore the bed apart first.	
Feb 25 2008 	Hated the Barn Hotel	Stayed at this hotel on a business trip for 3 days and although the main part of the hotel and the executive rooms were probably lovely, I was put in the old section of the hotel which was used as a barn many years ago. I was expecting an updated fairly spacious room by the information given by the hotel but is sad to say it was nothing like that. The hallway to my room could barely fit my suitcase through it I am glad i'm not a big person because they would have a problem manuevering the passageways. There was no elevator which may be hard for elderly people. My room was tiny, the phone didn't work at all, the bathroom was hidden in a wall basically. You could sit on the toilet and brush your teeth at the same time it was so close to eachother. The shower barely worked because there was no water pressure at all. The heat was running at full blast 24 hours a day and when I complained that i needed it turned down, they sent someone to look and said oh the valves are all broken off so they couldn't turn them down at all. They were supposed to send someone to repair this but it was still the same 3 days later. Even though I complained about my room I was not even offered an alternative, nor was I given any kind of discount. The food at the hotel is far to expensive especially breakfast. This hotel although may make its money on conventions and weddings needs a big update done to the rooms especially in the barn section.	
Feb 6 2008 	Hi-Ho Hi-Ho at the Barn	If your name is Snow White and you need to book rooms for your little mates, then ignore this review - the rooms would be perfect for you.For everybody else, this place is a joke. It looks great on the web, nice pictures, good looking rooms, set in 3 acres of land, so when you get the rate reduced from £135 to £100 you think that you've got a good deal for a nice, plush 'boutique' hotel.Oh dear, how deceptive photographs can be.The rooms are absolutely tiny. They smell of damp, everything creeks, the plumbing in the surrounding rooms makes wierd and wonderful noises all night and I had the pleasure of sharing my room with something that nibbled on me all night (not my other half though!).My room had a desk crammed into it (just), a nice touch would have been to have a chair to sit on to be able to use it! The bathroom was damp, musty, dated and tiny, with the weakest shower you could get.How about this for adding insult to injury - in the room there was a pamphlet telling you how the hotel were investing loads of money into upgrading the reception and staff accomodation!! I'm glad that the staff will have nice new rooms while the customers are crammed into their 17th century match boxes.Yes, it is right next to the tube station, so is handy for getting into London, but if you want an 'authentic' old world room that is handy for the city, you would be better off asking the Queen to let you sleep in one of the dungeons at the Tower - they're probably bigger than the rooms here and very handy for exploring the rest of London.Stay away.	
Jan 26 2008 	jamie oliver shouldn't worry about the chickens just look at these rooms	The hotel is very deceptive, the reception is very nice, the gardens pretty, the rooms however are old and tired, the internet in the rooms doesn,t work, nor do the adult channels, the size of the rooms is the major let down however, they are tiny. to sum it up there are better hotels for the same money out there.	
Nov 28 2007 	Book a room with caution. Enjoy the restaurant	Reception staff were very welcoming and allowed me to book in early. The room was small, shabby and net curtains dirty. Sleep disturbed by a creaking ceiling as others got up in the night.Public rooms very attractive, Food and service in the restaurant were excellent. However on the second night there was some confusion about pre paid parts of the bill, which caused delay in leaving the restaurant and spoiled the end of our second evening.On the first morning, I found my hot tap jammed, so had to take cold showers before work . . . Staff responsive to problem and tap mended during the day - but this should not have happened - checks should be in place.Reception staff on departure were less efficient and when errors were made re payment,, they would not admit mistakes had been made and checking out was a long process which delayed our departure considerably.Very insistent about service charge, even though we reminded them it should be optional.Hotel 1Restaurant 4	
Jul 10 2007	Swing a cat? No way	Well, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The hotel's website is extremely misleading - they call it a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel which is most certainly is not! The exterior is really nice - very old buildings in a lovely garden but inside - well!!! Reception was ok but the rooms were old, shabby and small. Our room was up some very rickety stairs, along a small (slightly damp smelling) corridor. When we got into the room we had to hunt for the bathroom, which turned out to be in a cupboard - it was so claustrophobic that we had to leave the door open when using the loo (not nice!). The room was so dark and the lighting so awful that I couldn't even put on my makeup in the morning. The waiting staff in the restaurant were all very young foreign students who were very reserved, they were almost like robots. They said and did all the right things but it just didn't ring true - they were on autopilot. I had to send my meal back - I had chicken which was still pink. I didn't expect that in a hotel that advertises a chef trained by a master. Breakfast was buffet style, there were no fried eggs, only scrambled and you couldn't ask for anything not already in the heaters - everything was extremely greasy. All in all I am glad we only spent one night there.	
Jul 9 2007 	Don't stay here - our room was burgled!!	My husband and I were attending a Charity Ball very close to this Hotel, so we decided that we would treat ourselves to a night in the hotel with a leisurly breakfast.We checked in no problem, found the room, no problem, got changed and walked over to the venue. We had a lovely time and returned to our room at 1.30 am to discover that we had been robbed. My handbag, purse, car key and valuables were all gone!We reported it to reception who were more interested in the wedding party and were certainly not interested in our situation. We had to report it to the police and get ourselves home quickly to retrieve the other car key before they came back and stole the car.I heard nothing from the hotel and when I phoned on the Monday was asked why I expected a phone call! The manager was very abrupt and not in the least sympathetic to our plight. He could not even be sure that they would not charge us for the room!!I have just come off the phone to him today and again he was totally unsympathetic. I told him that this was a very poor example of customer service and he said he was sorry I felt that way and that he had no more to add. Appalling! This whole experience has shocked and saddened me, it is certainly not what I would expect of any hospitality establishment. I will not recommend this hotel to anybody!	
May 4 2007 	Old and dated but cheap	I travel regularly to the area and was sick of airport hotels and their prices. This hotel appeared to be OK and near the tube for access to work and London so I thought I would try it. The hotel is a number of buildings in grounds near the underground station and I stayed in the building furthers from reception. This was OK for me with a drag bag but could be a problem for someone with more luggage. The room was just large enough for a bed and small table with a television mounted on a wall bracket. It was clean but very basic. The bathroom took up nearly half of the space and was very cramped but clean. The shower was not very good and there was little hot water when I tried it.On the plus side the hotel was next to the tube station making travel easy, the bed was OK and breakfast was tasty.Overall it was not a particularly nice experience for me and I will just have to try other places to see if I can find something better. If you only want a one night stay and need easy access by tube then give it a go but if not try somewhere else.	
Feb 4 2007	Pretencious and Misleading	We booked 4 rooms in oder to attend a business meeting the following morning. The pictures on their website looked excellent but only represented about 5 of the rooms. On arrival one of my colleagues booked us in while I went through to the lounge and struck up a conversation with an eldely couple. They immediately stated that they demanded to change from room 35 (described as smaller than a cabin they had on a ferry)I collected my key and went to look at the allocated room. It was in a run down block reminiscent of a 1950's barrack block. The room lived up to it!!! I demanded a room change and guess what, they gave me room 35! rejected by the elderley couple!! All my colleagues swapped rooms also. One of them had 3 attempts before settling for anything better.Don't get me started on the restaurant - what a rip off. The elderley patrons were too polite to remark. Two colleagues ordered lobster. It was not even a poor substitute for a rawlplug and needed a magnifying glass to see it. (We were even charged a £5 supplement for the privegeI.)Finally, the manager offered his apologies for the whole farce.Full English breakfast at 8am was probably cooked by the night porter before going off duty at 5am !!What a terrible advert for British hospitality. Trading Standards should team up with the local tourist board and regrade the whole enterprise. Thoroughly spoiled a team meeting.	
Jun 18 2006	Hi-Di-Hi at the Barn	Never mind the Barn I think I must have stayed in the Chicken Coup. The size and quality of the room leaves a lot to be desired. The bathroom and room was very small with the overall feel of a Hi-Di-Hi style chalet. The bathroom placed behind what looked like service station toilet doors did not help the overall feel of the room either!The breakfast was of good quality and is the only thing which could result in a recommendation from our stay.Altogether now 'Hello campers, Hi-Di-Hi'	
Mar 20 2006	Truelly Memorable And Such A Special Day	The Barn was booked for our daughters wedding on the 18th March 2006. The staff were wonderful, helpful nothing was to much trouble. The room was decorated beautifully and the food was lovely. The evening buffet was laid out without distrubing any of the guests. The disco had everyone dancing and was not to loud so guests could catch up on the gossip. It was made a truely memorable day by all the hard work everyone put into the day.Thank you so much	
Jan 17 2006	Lovely surroundings	I travelled from overseas and booked two rooms for my family. The staff were very helpfull. We choose to stay at this hotel as it was near a tube station and there are quite a few restaurants nearby.The room my wife and I stayed in was a bit small, but the second room for my children had just been renovated and was very nice. We enjoyed having tea and coffee facilities in the room.The hotel surroundings are very pleaseant and it was enjoyable be able to walk in the garden.Overall we enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would book there again when next into London	
Oct 13 2005	Never Again	I only stayed at the Barn for one night and that was more than enough. The room was terribly small and the washroom was not well maintained or overly clean. Neither was the rest of the room. The room was humid/muggy, the wall paper in our room was peeling and the carpet was dirty.The reception area was well appointed, and the contintental breakfast (included in the price of the room) was fine. The gardens surrounding the hotel were also lovely, this was in October, so I'm sure its beautiful in the summer.The hotel was convenitely located next to the Ruislip Tube system which was one of the main reasons I chose it.	
Aug 9 2005	Could do better !!	I stayed at the Barn for over a week, this always causes problems at this type of hotel because they are not used to 'long' stay and the menu is very limited in choice.The hotel is made up of three converted farm type buildings and a new reception block, the rooms are very small, the wardrobes are from a dolls house and the corridors are very narrow. There is a lot of building work taking place at the rear of the restaurant/receptionthis is to be the new V.I.P. bedroom suites block due to open next year. There are smoking and non-smoking rooms, but, they don't ask you which one you would like. So, like me, you can end up the middle of the smoking area unintentionally.Y ou can eat in the bar or Hawtreys restaurant ( seems popular with the locals for a 'special' night out ) prices are a bit stellar with £13.95 for fish and chips in the bar!! Restaurant is £29.00 a meal.If you don't like fried food, chips etc. then you will struggle in the bar and the restaurant manager will NOT deviate from the menu at all, I couldn't even get an omelette or a salad !The staff are made up entirely of young foriegn students and they really do try hard, they desercve credit for trying to make the place work despite the surroundings/facilities available. I was leaving the hotel every day before the start time for breakfast and the night porter had to get me toast and cereal, there were some Americans there towards the end of the week and they could not believe that breakfast was not available and when you liked and that you could not order simple food that was not on the menu.This hotel trades on it's location, right next to the tube and rail system, apart from that ( and I am trying to be as subjective about this as possible) it really hasn't got a lot going for it. There are however a number of excellent places to eat nearby in Ruislip and Uxbridge with a variety of choice, Chinese, Lebanese, Indian, Carvery, all types at good prices.All in all then I reckon this place requires some serious attention to the decor, fitments, room allocation, menus, but if you're only there for a couple of days on business I'm sure you'll manage.	
Mar 3 2005 	Charming but with some quirks	I had to attend a meeting north of London (Northwood area) and didn't want to commute from the city each day, so I decided to stay in the general area. Unfortunately, there aren't too many hotel in the area, and this one kept coming up over and over during internet searches ... so figured I'd give it a try. The hotel is about a 3 minute walk from the Ruislip tube stop (Metropolitan line). The hotel consists of 4 different buildings on a lovely English piece of property. Check-in was very quick; nice staff at front desk. As soon as I checked into my room, I needed to shower and change to get to a business meeting. I ran the water in the shower for nearly 10 minutes, but it was always freezing cold - so I called the front desk to ask how long it took the water to heat up (some of these old hotels due have their quirks). The front desk said they'd send the maintenance man to my room. Sure enough, 3 minutes later he was knocking on my door. He had checked the hot water tank on the way to my room and discovered that it was &quot;on the fritz&quot;. So he offered to help me move to another room immediately ... he even carried my suitcase. And I was upgraded to a much nicer room in the process. The room was lovely, with a double bed, TV, dressing table, hairdryer, and the requisite English tea service complete with tea kettle for boiling water right in your room. The bathroom was another story - very small and cramped, poor lighting, practically no water pressure, and the temperature of the shower water would fluctuate every few seconds (not a pleasant experience). A full English breakfast is included with the room; the variety was nice (lots of hot and cold options). Overall, an OK stay. The hotel has that typcial English charm, but they have got to do something about the bathrooms and consistency of the water temperature.	
Nov 16 2008 	Hotel Meraviglioso		
Jun 20 2008 	Pessimo - Rubano		
