	Perfect for 'second wedding' night with our boys staying too	Browns is a perfect balance of luxury and style in a beautiful hotel and at the same time a very relaxing place to stay. We stayed for our wedding night, after a second wedding for both of us, so wanted to incude our teenage sons, so we had dinner in the Donovan bar which was really special and suited everyone. We could have happi;y stayed all weekend had we not had to deliver 2 boys to a school rugby match. A total haven in the middle of London and would highly recommend it in every way.	
	Great hotel let down by poor service	This a great hotel in the heart of Mayfair, well refurbished (if not to everyone's taste!). However, the hotel is let down by the really poor standard of service. Badly trained juniors abound. This carries through to the restaurant where good (though expensive) food is let down by the chaotic service that turned meals into a nervous disaster. Eat out.	
	Comfortable homely and friendly	On first entering Browns Hotel you are greeted by a friendly helpful doorman. Your bags are then whisked away and you just walk through to the bar. Jazz music and comfortable seats then greet you as a waitor takes your order. The Browns club sandwich is the best sandwich I have ever tasted. The rooms are very homely and the beds very comfortable. The shower is like a waterfall lined with marble. On leaving Browns, a taxi is called for you by the doorman and you are taken away in style.So any downsides with browns?One-the heating in the rooms is up too high and it is very hard to turn it to an ideal temperature and the food is a little pricey.Other than that, Browns is a luxury.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great night out !	My wife and I celebrated our anniversary yesterday. First we had an amazing dinner in La Gavroche then on way back to our hotel decided to have one more drink before bed. We stopped near Piccadilly Circus and after suggestion of gentleman in a cab went to Browns Hotel. We walked in and were blown by beautiful interior of the hotel and warm welcome. Directed by very friendly doorman we walked to the bar. The bar is fabulous with great design and atmosphere around. We sat at the bar because all tables were occupied. Gorgeous jazz band was performing live. That was so great and romantic. The Frenchman Manager looked after us just perfectly. All looked so great and felt so great. We both agreed that we have never experienced such a great hospitality before. We just want to say thank you to manager and all staff for a fabulous night that we will always remember. For a next time we will book Browns Hotel and we will often come back to this bar.Tolis and Eleftheria.	
Nov 20 2009 	English posh with a modern edge...great!	This was my first stay at Browns and it was excellent. I checked in early from a US flight, they had been notified and had a room ready in 30 minutes. Staff was very accommodating and could not have been friendlier. Very international group works there and many languages were being spoken all around. Concierges worked miracles with travel reservations as well as restaurants and shows. They never said no. Location of this hotel was excellent and walking distance to Picadilly, Oxford Street, Regent Street and Bond Street. Starbucks was close by as were sandwich shops Pret a Mange and EAT in case you did not want to have the $$ breakfast. Breakfast was in excess of 30 pounds so I grabbed food at the sandwich shops right next door. Could not have asked for a better location. The bar was happening and I had a few celebrity sightings which are always fun. Room was fabulous...decorated with a modern edge. HUGE bathroom, high ceiling as it was on the second floor and great bed. The sheets were ironed to perfection and getting into bed at night was like sliding on silk...really nice. Glass windows were double so noise was at a minimum. I am usually disappointed in London hotels however this one has raised the bar, it felt a little like a cosy home. Enjoy.	
Nov 7 2009 	Tasteful with character	It's rare for me to go somewhere relatively expensive and find it to be a bargain. Our room wasn't just designed, it had character and felt homely. It was full of thoughtful touches and came with a fantastic bed. The bathroom was bigger than some hotel rooms I've stayed at.Staff were charming and made that extra effort. Great breakfast as well - it set me up for the day. I'm trying really hard to think of a negative (I only trust tripadvisor reviews with some criticism) and I think it was possible the toast was overbrowned.....But if I'd have frowned at the toast they'd have whisked it away and replaced it.	
Oct 1 2009 	Classy hotel in the middle of Mayfair	Stayed here for 4 nights. We arrived late due to a delayed flight. Staff were on hand to quickly check us in so we could get some sleep.Breakfast the next morning was excellent. I noticed that the waiters seemed nervous, and almost too eager. Rooms are very tastefully decorated. The water pressure in the bathroom was surprisingly low, but I think that this is a general problem in central London.Did not get to try high tea, something this hotel is famous for. One normally has to book. The concierge was very helpful in managing to find tickets for sell-out musical.Bar is stylish, and the bartender knows how to mix a mean caiprinha.All in all a great hotel	
Sep 26 2009 	Best Afternoon tea in London.	I have enjoyed Afternoon tea here about 10 times – it is with out compartment my favourite afternoon tea place in London.Delicious, well prepared, good location, and most important of all…. Excellent service!They only charge ½ price for children.Worth every penny, and I will look forward to my next afternoon tea here.	
Sep 20 2009 	Afternoon Tea	We booked afternoon tea at Brown's after my daughter's graduation. It was really first class, we had a great table in the window and they were ready for us. I had pre-advised them that two of our party were gluten free and they had gone to a lot of trouble to ensure that they missed out on nothing! There were separate plates of gluten free versions of everything that everyone else had and they were as delicious as the ordinary fare. The service was charming and unobtrusive and the whole experience memorable and special and worth every penny. No wonder Brown's came top in a poll of 'best afternoon tea' - I think this was in TimeOut and was well deserved. We would always think of Brown's in the future for a special occasion tea.	
Sep 16 2009 	loved it	Stayed here whilst attending a conference at another hotel. It was amazing! Staff were very slick and it felt like they knew what you were thinking before you did! Had a lovely room and great service from the bar staff when we came back late at night. Will definitely come back for a treat!	
Aug 4 2009 	There are better options	There is nothing technically wrong with Brown's Hotel, but there are plenty of hotels in the same (high) price category which are far, far superior (One Aldwych! Claridge's! Connaught!). The room I was first taken to was awful. It was terribly claustrophobic with empty walls, everything grey and beige and with a brick wall right outside my window! I asked for a different room and was given a better one. But it was truly nothing special. I also asked to see rooms in higher categories and suites and decided that I will not return to this hotel. The elegance at Brown's is very understated, the entrance and the lobby are very small, the restaurant decor borders on the boring and you are charged for every little thing (I asked for some cutlery to be brought to my room and was charged for it; the business center, which at Claridge's is complimentary, is expensive). Yes, the service is good, as is the location, but you can truly do much better than Brown's while you are in London.	
Jul 22 2009 	5-Star DELUXE...	When you walk through the doors of Brown's, you know you've arrived at somewhere very special. From the discreet, but hugely helpful staff, to the elegant decor. This place is a gem. We stayed in a junior suite which, although it didn't have a fantastic view, still ticked all the boxes. Huge bathroom - with ALL the extras including aromatherapy oils and very good quality soaps, oh-so-fluffy robes and posh slippers (not the usual Hilton &amp; Co rubbish). Fantastically comfortable bed and just about everything you could wish for.Some nice touches included an iPod dock, decent TV and good AC.Nice breakfast and top service.Would love to go back soon!	
Jun 24 2009 	Very impressed	My wife and I stayed at Browns, 1st to 3rd May, 09.Good, decent sized, comfortable rooms.All the staff were very well trained, helpful and friendly.All service was first class.We decided to stay in one evening and ate in the main restaurant. Food and service was of a high standard and we were very impressed with that as many hotel restaurants disappoint.Not cheap at around 300GBP/night inc b'fast but all things considered not bad value.We have both stayed in other 5* hotels in London but Browns is by far the best.	
May 3 2009 	Home away from home	I have stayed many times at the Browns. The staff is amazing, food excellent, and the rooms are perfect. Seriously, there is only one thing that the Brown needs to work on and thats breakfast!! Buffet is ok, but needs some work. The hotel is not cheap and thats good, cause I want them to maintain the type of people that visit the hotel. I have stayed in most of the london hotels including the Dorchester, Mandarin, Hulkins, Berkley, Ritz, and the Landsborough. All of them are either too &quot;ritzy, old style&quot; or too &quot;cold, no cozziness what so ever and dull.&quot; The Browns is just the right style. The Apple Crumble Pie is out of this world!!! A MUST HAVE!!!Victorian sponge cake offered at tea time is ufffffff DELICIOUS!!My wife left the safe opened once and we had a few 1,000 in it and also some Euros, the money was UNTOUCHED, her diamonds too were all there!!Overall, Browns is the reason why I come back to London!!	
Apr 29 2009 	Friendly Hotel in Great Location	While it is not cheap Brown's offers the traveler a great location, professional service, and a variety of food and shopping establishments within feet of the hotel. Despite its central location it is surprisingly quiet. I found Londoners eager to come to Brown's for meetings.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great staff location breakfast not cheap but overall worth it.	We had the romanic retreat package, as that offered an upgrade to the room. We ended up taking a junior suite (i.e. one larger than average room with a sofa, coffee table etc.) for £500 + VAT. First night included bottle of Taittinger Champagne, strewn rose petals (of limited utility) and chocolates.The staff are excellent, they give it a small hotel feel. Full breakfast in the room (£32 each, but included in the package) was very good. It is, of course a wonderful location if you fancy wandering around Bond Street/St James' and pretending to be uber rich. Speaking as a Londoner, it gave me a new perspective on that part of town.Only disappointments were that the in-room entertainment was weak (poor choice of movies, problem with sound on DVD player, radio on the blink) and, for a romantic retreat they could perhaps have provided some flowers or something. The mini-bar snacks were over-priced, even by the extravagant mark-ups which hotels always seem to feel obliged to inflict. Also, I think they charge for internet access - the notice in the room claims it's £15. I didn't try it, but if that's true, I wouldn't go back; it's so irritating.Overall, if you feel like pretending the cc hasn't happened, or doing a little single-handed stimulation, it's not a bad place to start.	
Mar 23 2009 	Relaxed and welcoming	Having stayed in so called four star hotels in London before, this five star hotel was a real treat - but it is very expensive. We liked everything about Browns: the manageable size, interesting boutique style decor, the huge choice of cocktails in the bar, the charming and approachable staff, the good breakfast and the lovely room. We we in London for my husband's birthday and to use a voucher for dinner at the Dorchester on Park Lane. The Dorchester dinner was dreadful (in the Grill restaurant: boring menu, staff who didn't make eye contact, slow service, food unexceptional). In contrast, we had dinner the following night in Browns' Albemarle restaurant, which was excellent. Interesting range of dishes and beautifully cooked. Pricey though at £150 for two - without pudding.Browns is in a brilliant location, just off Piccadilly. It's an easy walk to many of the tourist attractions in West London, the tops shops, etc. We would definitely stay here again, credit crunch permitting.	
Mar 11 2009 	Stylish welcoming - our favourite London hotel so far	Stayed with teenage daughters for some shopping and shows. Felt at home from the moment the doorman took our bags. Lovely bright large room - perfect temperature and so quiet despite being busy and such a central location. Very comfortable beds, good turn down service. The bathroom was large with lots of little extras. They didn't forget anything. Enjoyed breakfast each morning - both from the buffet and the a la carte selection. Concierge charged my mobile as I'd forgotten my charger, and wrapped and sent a package home for me. Will definitely stay again and hope to visit one of the other hotels in the collection.	
Feb 23 2009 	Luxurious experience will be back soon	Browns has an ideal location tucked away in Mayfair. The staff are efficient and very welcoming. My bedroom was very comfortable, beautiful bed linen and ample toiletries. Doyble glazing meant had a grreat nights sleep. Great breakfast too.	
Dec 23 2008 	Lovely Hotel with Excellent staff	We stayed on the 'Romantic Package' to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The telephone booking directly with the hotel was very efficient and friendly, and having visited the restaurant many years ago before the refurbishment we were looking forward to seeing the new decor. The changes did not disappoint and the hotel has a serene atmosphere. The doorman was welcoming and walked us to reception where the young lady was equally as nice.We did book in at 2pm so our room was ready and after a tour of the public rooms (which are gorgeous) we were shown to our room on the 2nd floor. Don't ask me why but I was disappointed, it was beautifully furnished but despite asking for a quiet room it overlooked Dover Street with lots of passing traffic, however good for people watching but we were on a romantic break!!! Another member of staff rushed in with our champagne and fruit saying she had hoped to get there before us to dust! The 3 satsumas on the plate did look rather silly.I phoned reception to ask for another room overlooking the quiet courtyard that had been mentioned at the time of booking. The room on the 4th floor was much grander and larger in style. We were passed by a young man carrying a proper fruit bowl, alas not for us! Didn't like to complain again as the room was really special but the fans from outside the window were very, very noisy and did in the end keep me awake for most of the night.Following supper at the Wolseley (fantastic food) the turn down was great, candles, monagramed bath robes etc. very romantic. Breakfast served in our room was up to 5* standard. So sadly our only complaint was the location of the room which I have mentioned on my comment card...... We would recommend the hotel; but would be wary about returning unless we were able to check out the room first.	
Dec 15 2008	5 Star	Stayed at Browns for 1 night as part of the Romantic retreat package.It was a special occassion as I planned to propose to my girlfriend.Prior to the trip I was in contact with Guest Relations to organise various things to make the proposal more special. Maria who I dealt with was superb and could not be more helpful.In addition to the various request I made, Maria was there on arrival to meet us, the icing on the cake was that she managed to uprage our room from a junior suite to a classic suite....thanks.The room was very large 80 square metres...a lounge with 3 seater couch a bang and oulufson plasma, a separate massive bedroom with another B&amp;O tv and a huge bathroom with you have guessed it another B&amp;O Tv in the bath...Decor is contemporary but yet classical.The whole hotel is extra special...having stayed in many 5 star hotels in the past (including tjhe Browns sister hotel the Lowry) you usually have an element of pretentiousness from both the Staff and the guests...not here...its a very chilled out and relaxed hotel, where the staff cant do enough to help you.I would like to stay thanks to everyone who made the stay extra special and would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants the best service, outstanding accomodation, superb location, brilliant food but also has the bank balance to pay for it all.	
Nov 18 2008	Five Star with a caveat	The most important thing about Brown's is that they are true to their reputation: They are one of the most welcoming and friendly hotels in the world. The thing that will strike you is that everyone there is really nice and customer oriented. It doesn't have the air of pretentiousness you find in some 5-star hotels (I say this as someone who stays almost exclusively in 5-star hotels) - instead it feels like you are at home and with friends. The more you stay there the more striking this becomes.The hotel itself is also excellent:Rooms: The rooms including many of the standard rooms are spacious, comfortable and well appointed. Many of the rooms have high pressure rain-showers which are absolutely fantastic. The beds are probably the best hotel beds I have slept on in London - better than the Four Seasons or the Ritz. The furnishings are very tasteful - contemporary with modern amenities (e.g. LCD TVs). One caveat here - some rooms are relatively small and don't have power showers - its not an entire category of rooms but just a few individual rooms. I have not viewed this as an issue because when I get one of these rooms, I ask for a room change. This said most standard rooms are great, and the executive rooms are world-class.Dining: Dining is excellent. The best club sandwich in the world. Good entrees and desserts. Excellent selection of fresh fruit. Staff are willing to accommodate requests.Staff: As mentioned earlier the quality of staff is exceptional. They really care. The front-desk staff are terrific. The doorman may be the best in the world.	
Nov 17 2008 	Good but with flaws	Stayed with my wife for a &quot;Romantic Retreat&quot; week-end, after a nice week-end earlier this year at Sir Rocco Forte's Hotel de Rome in Berlin, Germany.The good:Location is excellentStaff is very friendly and professionelEnglish break-fast is as it should be (fresh, plenty,...)Room was luxurious (received as part of our package upgrade to an executive room), spacious and silent. Bed was very good.The spa treatments were heavenlythey make their Manhattan cocktail just &quot;perfect&quot;The &quot;bad&quot;:our &quot;bottle of Champagne, fresh fruit and chocolate strawberries upon arrival in your room&quot; arrived the second (!) day and only after asking ourselves twice. The fruit were 3 basis apples and the strawberries just never arrived.temperature in the public spaces is too high and also in the room it was very hot (and airco lacks power to solve this).in the shower, they have eco / water saving systems installed; which just take the fun out of taking a shower (especially during a romantic retreat week-end)the amenities in the bath room or not what you'd expect from a 5* hotelthe spa = just 3 treatment rooms (no sauna, whirlpool, swimming pool,...)at break-fast, they lack enough personnel to guarantee the service (had to wait 40 minutes for our break-fast to arrive)To summarize, a very nice hotel, but given what they charge you, they should work on the details.	
Nov 8 2008 	Amazing Stay	I was impressed with everything. The rooms were tastefully decorated, the bed extremely comfortable and the service impeccable, the concierge extremely helpful and well-informed. I requested a SIM card and was provided with one within 15minutes. It was an amazing stay in all its aspects. I usually stay at the intercontinental hotel and stayed at the Browns due its excellent location near Bond Street. Will stay there again, there is no doubt about this.	
Oct 22 2008	Fine but overrated	Brown hotel has a good location if you want to go to the theatres and shop. Nevertheless the service comes short of what you would expect of a five star hotel. The design is good, contemporary which we enjoy , but a little cheap and quickly put together with lots of black and white phtographs but nothing much more. The problem is that in London you cannot find many contemporary hotels with good locations. In that respect it has an advantage. We used it once for lunch and once for afternoon tea. Both experiences were fine but nothing you cannot find in many more places in London. Would I go back. Maybe if the price was right. You can find great discounts on the hotel through some websites. I woul make sure I discuss the room with the reservation girl on the phone as it also seems that the rooms vary significant with some being too small with smell coming in from nearby restaurants.	
Oct 15 2008 	A Great Treat	The hotel is outstanding, a definate 5 Star. We had room service which was amazing. They set up a full table which had its own hot cupboard.The spa treatments were very good and relaxing, I had the Jet Lag Treatment which was very much needed.Breakfast was perfect with a great buffet and lovely menu. All the staff were fantastic. The location of this hotel is perfect for shopping.	
Sep 18 2008 	Pretty close to superb	If your are into style its your hotel.everything which belongs to design is pretty classy and nice.the service was ok (the front desk made it lose a bit).the rooms was nice but a bit small.the location is great.overall, i would stay there again, but its also not a fault to keep your eyes open for other hotels...	
Aug 23 2008 	A lovely hotel to stay at	My daughter and I just returned from a week at Brown's and found it to be a really nice hotel overall. We had a suite with plenty of room (what a nice luxury in London!), very comfy beds (I actually miss mine!) and great service. The breakfasts were good too (try the cappucino-and all that delicious fresh fruit) although I didn't have the stomach for the heavy English breakfast like my daughter did.My only caveat would be the tea there; we found the food not that good for the $$ price and the seats were uncomfortable for anybody over 5'2&quot; (at 5'8&quot; my legs had nowhere to go!)That being said, I would stay at Brown's anytime-one of the best!	
Aug 11 2008 	Worth the wait	Just stayed at this hotel for one night to celebrate twentieth wedding anniversary. Had booked the &quot;Romantic Retreats&quot; package directly with the hotel. Check-in was from 2pm and true to the package description my wife, as we were arriving seperately due to work commitments, was offered an upgrade from an Executive King to an Executive Deluxe. She was given the further option to wait a bit longer and upgrade even further to a Classic Suite and after some telephone consulatation we chose to wait for the Suite! My wife was shown to the Donovan Bar, read her book, people watched, and drank tea, coffee and a gin and tonic. Unfortunely the wait dragged on as the hotel was having a problem extracting the previous guest. The wait ended up being just under three hours but because we, I arrived two hours in, were kept informed and refreshed at the hotel's expense it really did not become a problem. The suite lived up to our expectations and was very spacious and well equipped. The bed was huge (super king) and there was even an LCD TV embedded in the wall at the foot of the bath! Fresh fruit (perfect cherries), champagne and chocolates were all forthcoming and the turndown service saw the arrival of candles, rose petals and bath salts....all very romantic. Having got into the room a bit late we then quickly got ready and went out for a meal at the nearby Wolesley on Piccadilly which I also recommend. A night at the theatre then followed and we returned for a nightcap to the Donovan Bar where live music was being played ( a jazz guitarist, so not too intrusive). Cocktails were excellent and the barman seemed very accomplished. The next morning we had breakfast in the room (included in the rate) and this was brought in in a hot trolley with the table in the room being laid by the room service staff. All in all a great hotel with discrete and accomplished service. Couldn't fault it.	
Jul 1 2008 	From Mayfair with Love	The name’s Trott ..., Charles Trott... well, it might not sound quite as thrilling as Bond’s familiar greeting, but seeing as I was checking in on a ‘For Your Eyes Only’ 007 style break at Brown’s Hotel in Mayfair, I thought it only appropriate to break the ice in time honoured fashion.Fans of Ian Fleming’s sophisticated secret serviceman may already know that 2008 is the 100th anniversary of the author’s birth. To commemorate the occasion The Imperial War Museum in Lambeth is running a special Ian Fleming exhibition documenting the great man’s life and featuring the fictional world of his legendary hero.Brown’s hit upon the idea of running a Bond break during which fans could take in the exhibition and experience a little of the glamour and excitement that life in Bond’s fast lane might offer.Imagine a stay in a luxurious suite at this most elegant of hotels, a chance to sip a classic Bond style Martini shaken for you in the legendary Donovan’s bar and then dinner in the stylish Albemarle restaurant, washed down with a bottle of Dom Perignon and a cultural excursion to The War Museum to gen up on your, I mean Bond’s, creator.And yes, it really is as good as it sounds!The hotel, now part of the Rocco Forte Collection was opened in 1837 by Lord Byron’s butler, James Brown and his wife, Lady Byron’s maid. The story that follows is amazing, Alexander Graham Bell made the first ever telephone call there in 1876, in 1871 Napoleon III and Empress Eugenie were guests and in 1886 Theodore Roosevelt stayed there. Rudyard Kipling was a regular guest, penning the Jungle Book during one stay and Queen Victoria used to pop in for tea of an afternoon. Franklin Roosevelt honeymooned in the royal suite in 1905 and both Heile Selassi of Ethiopia and King Zog of Albania sought refuge there while Mussolini was ransacking their respective countries. Agatha Christie stayed many times and based her book, At Bertram’s Hotel on it and in 2003 Sir Rocco Forte bought it and organised a £24 million renovation.Today it is an impressive combination of historic elegance and contemporary modern style. The entrance and reception are discrete and unassuming, but the rooms, designed by Sir Rocco’s sister Olga Polizzi, have real wow factor. Huge beds, soft egyptian linen, silk cushions and angora throws, comfortable couches and sumptuous drapes plus the kind of hi-tech features Bond would have insisted on: widescreen TV with built in computer, music system and ipod dock. Our bathroom was fabulous, all limestone and mosaic with a shower large enough to battle Jaws in and a bath suitable for several Bond babes at once!To unwind from the last mission it only seemed sensible to book a relaxing massage in the hotel’s small spa. There’s nothing as crass as a jacuzzi here, just three stylish treatment rooms, one a double in which you can be pampered alongside a friend or partner, and the most obliging and able of staff. The massage by Shareen was just the best I have ever experienced.Back in the room there were complimentary macaroons to sample - mmm, delicious and time to peruse the walk-in wardrobe where my selection of evening attire had been thoughtfully arranged for me. Actually I only had the one outfit, but fortunately the hotel is not at all stuffy and a smart shirt is dressy enough for dinner.It was time to pop downstairs to Donovan’s bar for a Bond style apéritif, Martinis of course, shaken not stirred. My Vesper vodka and vermouth cocktail was very dry and extremely potent, while Amanda’s Casino Royal mixed in champagne and fresh raspberry to add a fruity zest.Dinner in the Albemarle was amazing, half a dozen Duchy oysters, chicken livers on toast, treacle cured salmon, roasted scallops with hedgerow garlic, a juicy hanger steak, treacle tart with clotted cream and ginger parkin with vanilla icecream, superb. All delicious, perfectly cooked and presented from the new menu, overseen by Director of Food, Mark Hix. Sadly the Dom Perignon was a little over our budget, but I’m sure Bond would have appreciated the sparkling Italian Prosecco chosen as an alternative. Service was perfect, attentive and friendly and the interesting collection of huge photographs by Hubertus von Hohenlohe (perfect Bond villain name) were an interesting contrast to the vaulted ceiling, wood panelling and elegant green banquettes of the Albemarle.The evening was still youngish and a short after-dinner stroll led us to Heddon Street and the chilly repose of the Absolut Icebar. This is the ultimate concept bar, donning a fur trimmed cloak patrons step into below zero temperatures to drink vodka out of glasses made of ice. It sounds Bondish, but after ten minutes I’d lost all feeling in my lips and was dribbling sticky cocktails down my chin. It was a similar state to Daniel Craig in Casino Royal, but he had been poisoned at the time!The next morning a spectacular Brown’s breakfast fortified us for our trip to the War museum and we headed across the river to Lambeth. The imposing museum is surprisingly interesting and engaging, with lots of hands on exhibits to show how frighteningly destructive mankind can be.The Fleming exhibition investigates the author’s life, shows how his wartime experiences informed the Bond plots and gives a chance to examine some classic items of Bond memorabilia. It’s a must for 007 fans.Sadly for me though, it was the final chapter in my Bond experience. My mission was a great success and I now know that Brown’s is well and truly licenced to thrill. The ‘For your Eyes Only’ package is a fabulous idea and back in the real world, I can console myself with the thought that perhaps I will one day return to do it all again, after all, Fleming himself said, you only live twice!Factbox: Brown’s Ian Fleming Centenary package includes:l Overnight accommodation in a luxurious room or suite l Full English breakfast (which is reputed to be Bond’s favourite meal of the day) l Two tickets to “For Your Eyes Only: Ian Fleming and James Bond”; the new exhibition at the Imperial War Museum London (subject to availability). l Two Bond cocktails in The Donovan Bar l An exclusive, hardback copy of Ian Fleming’s Casino Royale l Guests can also make use of The Spa.The Ian Fleming Centenary package starts from £315 per night, excluding VAT and is available for Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights until 28 December 2008, subject to availability. For further information or to make a reservation please call [-]	
May 22 2008 	Nice location	I been only for one night in tis Hotel but i think is a very very good place to stay in london. The location is fantastic , just few minutes walk from bond street. My room a Junior Suite was very very nice, a big bed, 3 windows, tv plasma, stereo, minibar, AC, a big bathroom with walk in shower and bathube, big living area.In the room Champagne, fresh cake and flowers.The tea room is just lovely and my first afternoon tea in London is the nest i never try.Ok the Hotel is very very expensive but this is London.......	
May 17 2008 	not bad	Stayed at the Browns for one night in May.The front desk was very efficient and helpful.I had a very large and spacious room.I don't find the bathrooms very 5 star.Somehow the shower and floor looked very used.The bed is definitely one of the most comfortable ones I have slept in.Great quilt.Overall a good but expensive experience.	
Mar 24 2008 	Meh	MOLD IN THE SHOWERS!!! Need I say more? I used to love this hotel, but post renovation is just a complete flop. Browns used to have charm now all they have, are bad post modern semi comfortable rooms. It is rather unfortunate as this used to be a regular stop for me, but now I will be looking at alternative hotels for my stays in London. If you're looking for a well situated luxury hotel, you have found it. If you're looking for a well priced luxury hotel that is appealing to the eye as well this is the wrong place for you.	
Mar 6 2008	Classic British Hotel in a great location	I just spent a night on a business trips in Brown's a hotel by the Rocco Forte Hotels.This is a classic London Hotel in a great Mayfair location, so great for business and luxury shopping.The rooms are huge and well equipped, although I would have liked a separate shower, and the lack of Wi-Fi connection is an issue at this price range in my opinion. Staff are helpful and efficient.The two small issues are: they have refurbished the hotel recently and I beleive the new furniture added does not match the period features of the hotel, it is neither modern and minimal nor classic- it is just not classy in my opinion. The another-the breakfast: I ordered an English breakfast and thankfully arrived fairly early, because it arrived 25 minutes after my order. I think that is unacceptable at a hotel this cathegory.	
Feb 24 2008 	'No nonsense' luxury with competence	Having stayed at several great 5* hotels in London it was with some hesitation that I took my secretary's advice and booked my first stay at Brown's. I had a very good week as a guest at the hotel.Location: smack in the middle of Mayfair with Bond St around the corner. St James's just down the road, Piccadilly and Soho very near. In other words a very central location.Room: Fresh and modern without being arty minimalist. Wooden floors, white walls. Large bathroom. Views will never be great as it is on a Mayfair street and all houses incl hotel are low rise (5-6 floors I think). Bathroom is spacious and comfortable. Good shower pressure. The feeling of the hotel is quite unique for London I think. I find hotels like Lanesborough and Claridges be old and stuffy - one can feel a bit 'dusty' staying at those places. At the same time I do not like the modern pretensiousness of hotels like the Metropolitan. Brown's has achieved a very healthy balance between being a very dignified historic hotel that is at the same time modern and fresh. With personal no fuss service. Conclusion: the &quot;thinking man's&quot; 5* in London. The class of hotel and guests is confirmed and secure - hence both does not have to make a song and dance about their status.Delightfully free of the bridge-and-tunnel crowd that plagues claridges et al. Also free of mass tourists and flash bling bling arabs.	
Feb 18 2008 	Pretty good	my family and i stayed there for 9 days and it was overall very nice. The concierge was very helpful and friendly but not always correct. the rooms were nice but certain amentidies altough were requested before our stay were not met until mid-week. the tea-room is very nice and the staff was so polite and understanding. it was a cozy hotel and very comfortable. i, being a &quot;child&quot; was not repremanded about being in the hallways at 1:00 am in the morning even though a staff member saw me. that was very undeerstanding of him. the room service for breakfeast was quite nice. i would recommend the resturaunt in the hotel. All the staff down to even the doorman was very curtious. i also loved the bathrooms. perfect for taking a bath! Great place to stay!!!!	
Jan 22 2008	Great Dining Experience	We dined in the restaurant at Browns in the week before Christmas and enjoyed a superb evening. To begin, we sampled some cocktails in the bar before going through to eat. The maitre d' (David) welcomed us warmly and ensured that we had excellent service. The staff were charming and utterly professional, with that rare combination of being attentive without being intrusive. I had the scallops which were delicious, and the treacle tart with clotted cream was to die for. The ambience in the restaurant was just right: elegant, buzzy (but not noisy) and with a sense that you were at the heart of things. For us it was a perfect mix of great food and great atmosphere and we would certainly recommend.	
Jan 20 2008 	Best of London	Browns is great hotel for visiting London. Perfectly situated near to everything including the three Parks for morning runs. Staff is friendly and charming making things happen looks so easy. The concierge desk is great - with good connections and well organised service. Have stayed in three - four different rooms and all are of the best standard with very comfortable beds. Have become our preferred hotel in London without any competition.Clearly pricey but value for what you pay for.	
Jan 7 2008 	Just perfect	Couldn't fault anything. It was perfect.Was given an upgrade to the deluxe rooms on our arrival.Our expectations were exceeded in every way.	
Dec 25 2007 	Not a 1 star Not a 5 star somewhere in between	I recently stayed at Browns for business - it is a preferred provider for my company.After coming in very late on a Sunday, I was unable to utilize the dry cleaning service to press my shirts. I asked for an iron. Low and behold I use the iron on my white shirt and rust marks appear on it. Now I don't want to sound like a cocky foreigner, but shouldn't a 5 star hotel have top of the line irons - e.g. Stainless Steel Rowentas? If you're wondering if I don't know how to iron or not, I assure you being raised by my mother, I do. If you're also wondering if this iron was special circumstance, it wasn't, I asked for another one and had an even WORSE problem.But wait, the story gets better. So the next day I submit my custom shirt for dry cleaning (and go to my meeting in a wrinkled shirt). I get my shirt back that night with a hole in it. Clearly management is scared at this point because they leave frantic messages on my voicemail and door. The next day I lodge an official complaint and ask for a refund, but the response is that because the shirt was already &quot;burnt&quot;, they wouldn't give me one.Wait a second, if the shirt was burnt, why wouldn't a so-called professional dry-cleaner call that out immediately? They should submit the shirt back instead of putting a damn chemical hole in it.Unfortunately logic doesn't work well with Browns because I'll now break it down to you: one successful business person to I suspect soon to be not to successful hotel. So Browns. In order to save 50 pounds on replacing my shirt, you will now lose a magnitude more. With the economy going into recession, this is the time to focus on customer service, not nickel and dime your good customers.That is the true definition of penny-wise POUND foolish. Not a 5 star hotel, not by a long shot.	
Dec 16 2007	Brown Sugar Fantastic	Our stay was a delight from the moment we arrived with the smell of christmas from candles and the subtle smells of lunchtime food.The attentiveness was measured but not overdone and the balance of old and new in the architecture and ambience made the atmosphere. We have stayed in many hotels around the world but we both said how we enjoyed the brief stay. Great rooms, great comfortable beds ,a massage that my wife (who is an expert) thoght was great) excellent service and good value -we have already booked again!!	
Dec 10 2007	Absolutely Wonderful!	Having stayed at the Ritz in the summer, it was an amazing contrast to see how the Fortes have revamped 'the oldest hotel in London.' From the moment of arrival, the courtesy and service was of a level never experienced at the Ritz or any other 5 star plus hotel. The Staff were amazing: remembering your name, genuine and eager to please - no stuffy, unsmiling personnel here. The ethos of Browns, must be - The Guest is King - as that it is the way we were treated! The beds were fantastic with the most wonderful pillows ever. The decor designed by Olga Polizzi, is contemporary but classy. Books and magazines are arranged as if you were in your own home, with an almost constant supply of water, both still and sparkling, generously provided. A fresh bowl of fruit was replenished daily and at night a card on the pillow, told of the gift of the aromatherapy bath oil, left beside the capacious bath for you to soak. Breakfast was a memorable event, with a glorious variety of fruit, breads, cheeses etc on the continental breakfast table, but also the most delicious free range cooked foods, beautifully prepared. In the evening, the Grill room provided melt-in-the-mouth steaks with outstanding big chips! Browns has made life so much easier, as from now on, there is no need to search for other hotels when planning a visit to London - Browns outshines the all.	
Dec 10 2007	Great Hotel	This is great boutique hotel. Great check in and concierge service. The rates are usually high but you should look for specials rocco forte is having. I never had high tea here but had drinks at the bar and they were great. really great location.Rooms were spacious and well appointed. Check this hotel out you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great	Even not as trendy as a Hempel or a Blake's, the Brown's is a nearly perfect place to stay in London. The staff is very helpful and friendly, the rooms are decorated with taste and sophistication. The location is great is if you like to stay near Picadilly and Bond St. Good breakfast too. I will return with pleasure.Of course, it's not cheap. But where do you think you are? Still It worthes every penny.	
Oct 15 2007 	Slightly disappointed by Brown's	I stayed at Brown's early Oct, and was slightly disappointed. Maybe I was expecting too much. However, given the 5 stars and price, I think I was entitled to expect something good!Check-In: There was no record of my reservation when i arrived, even though my company travel agent assured me it was booked. There was a definite sense from the check-in staff that it was most definitely my mistake and not theirs (and tough luck there were no more rooms anyway). In the end, the managed to find the reservation and gave me a room. Room: The room was good - nice comfy bed, sofas and table, good size bathroom and walk in wardrobe. It was a slightly strange L shape, but was good and nicely furnishedNoise: My room was above the bar and there was loud music going on all evening (a Monday night) As I was trying to work and then later to sleep this was very annoying. For recently refurbished 5 star hotel I would have thought that they would have fixed the soundproofing. If you are hoping to sleep be sure to avoid these rooms on the first floor (eg 118).Room Service: I ordered a club sandwich with fries. The fries came in a mug and were cold and a bit soggy (I would have been disappointed if I got them in McDonalds!). The sandwich was ok but had very fatty bacon - no-one could have eaten it.Cleanliness: The room was very clean and the turndown service very efficient. Overall a nice hotel in a good location in Mayfair, but didn't quite live up to 5 star standards in my mind. I wouldn't bother to go back.	
Sep 30 2007 	Better than expected	After some of the reviews here i was a little apprehensive about my hotel choice but overall it was a good experience. The check in was quick and professional- our room was ready early as requested which was quite a plus- the rooms were nice and large with nice bathrooms- no complaints about the room decor- though one of our rooms faced a back alley with the air conditioner units below- was quiet but for the price not quite the view i expected- the staff were very helpful offering to help pack and unpack and take our shopping bags up for us- fresh bottles of water every night bedside- bar was busy every night - nice breakfast buffet (not included)- great location near tube and short walk to buckingham palace and shopping right outside the door. Only complaint no wi-fi and high charges for internet- considering the price of the room it should be included- otherwise a very nice stay- its hard to believe everyone here is writing about the same hotel-	
Sep 17 2007	Good but not quite 5 star	Stayed here last week and while the stay was enjoyable, there were little touches that just didn't feel right.1 - We had a bottle of wine in our room on arrival and drank it before going out to a concert that night. When we came back, despite Housekeeping having been in the room and tidied, the empty bottle, glasses and tray remained until Morning2 - Bathrooms - Firstly, the toilets don't flush properly. They do the job, but only after flushing twice, which is annoying. Also, the bath seemed to be shaped perfectly to make you slide down and drown, which, coupled with the lack of properly hot water, meant that when I wanted to relax with a soak, I just couldn't.Don't get me wrong, it's a fine hotel, with a perfect location, but if you're expecting a true five star experience, then you shall be slightly (and only slightly) disappointed.	
Sep 16 2007 	Great in many ways	My wife and I stayed at Brown's in late July and found the young staff very helpful. The location is excellent (the Green Park tube is very near). We had a very nice room that was off the street and found it to be very quite. My wife enjoyed the spa and I used the excerise room. The restaurant was being refurbished while we were there, so we did not eat at the hotel, but found several small/ resonable eating establishments nearby. The only problem at this time is the pound to dollar relationship set our room rate at around $650.00 a night- ugh.	
Jul 15 2007	Very dissappointing	Although the location is great and the hotel exterior is very charming and the interior is modern, the staff are friendly, yet completely inept. It seems that the whole place is run entirely by entry level staff who are not well trained or supervised. For example, the conceriege does not know where basic sites are/ or how to get there (it seems much of the staff are new to the UK). They don't even know to anticipate how to get taxi cabs on busy days. The restaurant staff bring cold food to your table. Bell boys are very obviously only looking for tips rather than focusing on service. Where is top management? Also, the rooms are very small. We got an upgrade and it was still extremely tiny. For the price, it's a sham.	
Jul 7 2007 	very expensive	Very disappointed with the hotel experience. Have stayed in Claridges, Barclay and Dorchester so do have some experience in luxury and attention to detail.On arrival at 11pm at night even though booked a King bed room for 7 nights was shown to 1st floor way out the back room looking on to internal ugly venting and of course no King bed seen. Was then told they had no other rooms. That night as it was late we accepted this and went to sleep. We were assured it would be attended to the next day. The next day no one contacted us we contacted them twice and finally we were given some attention. We were shown 2 other rooms both looking out on to the internal view with 1 small window finally they put us into a room with the street view still with no King bed, then an arguement started for the next 2 days re charging us more for this room. I have never in my days experienced such rudness re room selection. First of all they sold off our room and gave us the worst room in the house so it was their wrong doing to start and not once would they admit this or make this good. Any time we have questioned a room we have been shown more and never has more money been talked about.The room renovation is average and cheap and the beds are not as comfortable as many of those higher ranking hotels. Front desk Mangers are full of themselves and are only Yes Men.Location is great.	
Jun 1 2007 	Beautiful hotel old-London atmosphere	Brown's is a beautiful old-London style hotel that has been wonderfully renovated within the last few years. The Mayfair location can't be beat, the rooms are luxurious though vary widely in size (all have the same amenities) and the staff is the definition of excellence. Most rooms have sofas/sitting areas, spa-style bathrooms and great finishing touches. It's an expensive hotel but worth it's cost and a great location for a business traveller. Tea or drinks in the bar is a definite must if time permits.	
May 27 2007 	Great Hotel Great Service in the Center of London	This is one of the top hotels for servie and location. Location: Onle block from Piccadilly St, between Bond and Dover. Five minute walk from Shepherds Market if you are up for good food. Five minutes walk in the opposite direction to Trafalgar Sq.Rooms: I saw criticism of their rooms in previous comments and I find this criticism unfounded. While the room size will depend on the rate you pay, all romms I stayed at were comfortable and reasonable size. See pictures of the room I am staying in now. Beds: Heavenly. Soft, perfect beds. Thick, clean-smelling goose down blankets and poillows. Blankets are in duvets instead of sheets. Thick, snow-white cotton sheets. Cleanliness: Pristine, The turn-down service actually includes room cleaning. Service: Outstanding: Understated, precise and immediate. I had my bag lost by Iberia yesterday and needed shirts done in a hurry - I had these done in two hours, Great hotel	
Apr 30 2007 	Unexpectedly Average	We stayed at Brown's for three nights. While the neighborhood is convenient, the hotel was unexpectedly average. The room decor was a bit understated and lacked personality. The highlight of the room was the bed, which was heaven to sleep in. Breakfast was average and we were over charged for items and brought incorrect items as well. My partner's massage booking was bungled and he didn't receive the services he'd initially booked. I asked for an voltage converter, and received an archaic looking piece of equipment which promptly blew a fuse in our room. A replacement or more modern converter was not procured. I see no reason to stay here again, nor would I suggest it to friends.	
Apr 5 2007 	Great hotel	A great night in luxury. We were upgraded because as the rather indiscreet receptionist told us the hotel was only at 17% occupancy and last month was 'even worse'. Anyway, whether it was the rarity of guests or not, our stay could not have been better. An amazing suite, wonderful surroundings, friendly but not casual staff who went the extra mile in all respects. Highly recommended.	
Mar 22 2007 	London Gem	Stayed at the Brown's for one night. Was greeted warmly at the entrance and shown the way to reception. Staff was very friendly and informative. We were given a short tour of the hotel before being shown to our rooms. The staff member showed me all ammenities of the room before leaving. I attempted to give him a tip but was told that this was not neccesary. Classy.. Room was on the 5th floorand was very nicely decorated. Bathrooms was roomy and nely refurbished. Comfortable bed with down comforters. Very good service through our entire stay from the doorman to the maids. Only small thing that could have been better was breakfast. The breakfast buffet was a little &quot;thin&quot;. It was possible to order from the a lacarte grill menu, something we did, but I personally prefer a buffet. In Summary the Brown's was a very good hotel, Fresh elegance and service in a jungle of mediocre london hotels. I will for sure stay here again when I return to london. Highly recomended	
Oct 28 2006 	Our new favorite hotel	We have been traveling to London for some time, and had the luxury of staying in many of London's better hotels. We have never had a true favorite, until we decided to stay at Brown's. The hotel is well located near Oxford street and easy to catch the tube at Bond st or a taxi. The hotel spans 2 streets Albermarle and Dover streets, while in a busy part of London, these 2 streets are realitively quiet and peaceful. The hotel itself upon entering it is very understated, with reception being located near the center of the hotel. The staff was personable and professional, while our room wasnt quite ready (they never are). The front desk took my mobile # and called me when the room was ready.Our room was on the 4th floor on the Dover St side of the building. We like our space, I am an early riser, my girlfriend likes to sleep in. We booked a deluxe suite, with a separate living room, bedroom and bath area. The room was beautifully decorated in Cream with chocolate brown and red accents. The furnishings were a nice mix of old and new and looked very nice together. The bedroom was very large and comfortable with a large bed and reading chair near a fireplace. The dressing room and bath were off the bedroom. The bathroom had a large sunken tub and a large walk in shower with 2 separate rain fall shower heads. We liked the room so much, we could have moved in.Room service was right on time and very good. We did not try the restaurant, although we have been told that it is very good. We highly recommend this hotel for its outstanding room and excellent service.We like this hotel so much, we have already booked it for an upcoming trip...hope we get the same room!!	
Sep 29 2006	Warm Hospitality with Style	Upon arrival we received a very warm welcome, and appreciated good hospitality throughout from the management and staff during our entire stay. Our suite was magnificent, with a bathroom to die for. We had a wonderful traditional dining experience, including smoked salmon (carved at the table) and particularly enjoyed the potted shrimps together with some interesting dishes from the grill. To sum up, this is a great hotel and we would recommend it due to all the above mentioned points, and of course it's fabulous location for Bond Street Shopping!	
Sep 27 2006 	Minimalist designer fails to provide storage	We stayed at Browns Hotel in August 2006, anxious to experience the much advertised makeover. We found the public areas delightful, well staffed, with a sprinkling of celebrities coming and going to tea in the afternoons.The glitz and glamour of traditional London in the public areas is complemented in the rooms by a very stylish minimalist decor. On first viewing the room is outstanding in its appearance. Once you are inside with two suitcases and a couple of pieces of hand luggage, it is very apparent that there is virtually no storage. I measured height of the four drawer cabinet, and found that each drawer was two inches high..........i.e, a folded pair of jeans just fits. Add a couple of T shirts and the drawer is full. We put one of our suitcases in the wardrobe. The other had to stay on the floor, making access difficult and the room always looked untidy.It seemed strange that the only art work was partially obscured by a TV screen, too low to watch unless you were actually sitting on the bed. If the curtains were closed you had to turn on the lights. If the curtains were open the people in the buidings opposite looked straight into the room. The desk was actually a large table (again, no storage), and this table doubled as a bedside table for which purpose it was too high.Bathroom was adequate, but again there was no storage for cosmetics and toiletries.Staff seemed anxious to please, although many struggled with their English. The location in Mayfair is superb, but the experience fell far short of our expectations. We would not go back.	
Sep 8 2006	timeless style pure quality	This is simple, timeless style for intelligent people. During my 24-hour stay, I quickly felt at home, could find what was were. The bedroom light switches are simply switches, not complicated electronic panels. I found and could work the safe, the shower controls. At the desk, broadband was instant, light was good. The timeless effect of antiques, serious hardback books as well as current top international glossy magazines was mentally elevating. Dinner was that rare classic, proper historic English food - but with designer ingredients (Temple Farm chicken from Hatfield, crab from Dorset), perfectly cooked and served. The breakfast buffet is sheer quality - rather than gargantuan quantity - and coffee best anywhere, for months. The gym is fine, and I also borrowed a couple of waterbottles to use as hand-weights and ran round the immediate Bond Street stores and art galleries, and also in the nearby St James's Park, and past Buckingham Palace, where the Royal Standard let me know The Queen was in residence. The hotel staff were all divine. But it is not all perfect. Whereas the men look like Armani models, in grey suits and old-gold ties, the poor women are required to wear horrible skirts, ending unflatteringly at mid-calf. I do not do afternoon tea, by the way (far too busy) but it looked pretty good.	
Aug 25 2006	Afternoon Tea	Me and another 2 friends of mine went to Browns on a Monday aternoon to try their new service.We had been already in other London´s hotel having Afternoon Tea, but this one is far form a 5* serviceEventhough we new that it was quite late, they didn´t have any problems into allocated us in a nice table and offeref us their champagne tea option.Well, everything seemed to go ok until we realised that no member of staff was taking care of us as our cups there not filled up, our asthray was not exchange for a new one (we are heavy smokers) and our selection of sandwiches and pastries were not replaced neither...On top of that and after been more than 45 minutes waiting for any waiter to come to our table, they realised that we were completely ignored so we decided to make a complaint but it seems that this lack of their service is not so important for the management.	
Jul 4 2006	Disappointing stay - won't return in the near future		
Jun 21 2006	A True 5-Star Hotel		
May 31 2006	We felt like celebrities		
Feb 19 2006	Totally refurbished and back to being a gem in London		
Jun 3 2004	Good hotel needs some TLC		
Mar 27 2004	refined traditional but overlooked the wear and tear		
Dec 31 2003	Tea nice but needs a facelift		
Nov 11 2003	Not a 5 star		
Oct 27 2003	Lovely 		
Oct 13 2003	A really nice hotel		
Mar 16 2009 	Chic Londonien		
Dec 17 2007 	Week end à Londres		
