Sep 18 2009 	What a f* !	I stayed with my wife in this hotel for just a weekend (2 nights). I had to pay in advance altough it was not warned anywhere. The room was so tiny that I had to open my wife´s luggage (Medium Samsonite) on the bed. Ok. I expected a tiny room but it was to much. When the luggage was closed in the floor I have to overpass over the bed. The room and the hotel is clean. The blanket provided was filth and disgusting. So, if it´s going to be cold, you will have to handle it. The shower was to weak that we can possible count all the drops falling. And demands time to heat the water. At least 5 minutes. A good thing in this hotel was the breakfast. Sausage, fried egg(easy on top), scrambled eggs, toast , butter, turkey bacon and Beans ! (also had juice, coffee and tea)The best thing is it´s location. Like 20 steps from St. Pancras Intl Station. So, if you are coming by Eurostar, you will not need to take tube with luggage.Check-in 13:00 - Check-out : 11:00Definitely we wouldn´t stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Clean bed small room	Clean bedsheets, nothing to complain about. Would recommend it as long as price is no more than 30 pounds. Been at the hotel twice. Typical low cost London hotel, bed sheets were clean. I would stay again if price was 30 pounds, but I got a 3 star hotel for 41 pounds so I'm going for that on my next trip as Belgrove now wanted 50 pounds this August. Rooms are very small. Actually so funny small that I made jokes to friends. Toilet was separate from shower in a closet, closet was so small you have back up into it. You cannot turn around inside. I should have brought a camera, it was hilarious! Just forget about it if you're overweight. Simple breakfast, it was ok. They also have rooms with more normal toilet size. It was a cheap place, but had no problems.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great location nice staff but not the most comfortable of hotels!	I was on a girlie weekend in London and stayed at this hotel for 4 days. There was 4 girls so we all went for the cheaper twin rooms with separate shower and bathroom facilities. Here's my viewpoint, hope it helps!LOCATION: Fantastic! It's a 2 minute walk from Kings Cross Station. We didn't know London very well and this location was really central. I would recommend staying in the Kings Cross location for all attractions as you can get a main tube line to all the tourist sights from here. There's a cash point round the corner from the hotel and a Starbucks, McDonalds, Pret a Manger just up the road on the right hand side so we were extremly happy with the location 10/10 for us!HOTEL ROOMS: We specifically went for twin bed rooms and rooms next to each other (we had numbers 46 &amp; 47). Our room was shockingly small it literally just fitted 2 tiny twin beds, half a wardrobe a tiny sink and no room for your suitcases so we couldn't even unpack! Not a recommended choice if you plan on coming back to the hotel to relax. Also TV only has 4 channels (if you are lucky). The window wouldn't open fully and the whole hotel was extremly hot - it felt like a sauna the whole time! Our friends room was better they were given a 'family room' Be warned! This is NOT family sized! But it was a great size for 2 people to share (I would recommend asking for a family room if I was staying here). It had a double bed (which was small) and a small twin bed, sink, chest of drawers, small cupboard and 2 windows which opened fully (as I said, hotel was like a sauna!).BATHROOMS: Can't comment on the on suite rooms as we opted for the really cheap rooms with shared toilet/shower facilities. Not a good idea! Luckily we are all easy going and got on with it but some people might come here and decide to leave if they are not used to these kind of facilities. The toilet and shower room were separate and absolutely tiny more like small cupboards. I would say if you were a slightly larger person you would not appreciate these small facilities. Showers worked okay and there was always hot running water but some of the toilets didn't flush very well.There are NO LIFTS in the hotel so please be aware of this if you have large, heavy suitcases and are put on the 3rd floor as there's 3 flights of windy stairs which are very small and kind of claustrophobic, so I would say this hotel is not suitable if you have difficulty walking.STAFF are nice and friendly and the breakfast is resonable. Although again breakfast area was small, dingy and very warm. Everything was clean but everything also needed a good lick of paint and redecorating the whole place looks very tired.To summarise this hotel is okay if you just want a bed for a night but not if you are the sort of person who likes to relax in a hotel room to take a break from London's hectic tourist stuff! I wouldn't stay here again. Would probably stay at the hotel a couple of doors down (not sure of it's name) but they are offering all on suite rooms at a very good hotel rate as well and we went into the lobby to have a look and it looked a much nicer hotel. I would not recommend this hotel unless you are used to staying in hostel type of places or you don't care what your hotel is really like. A good central base for travelling and tourist stuff for London and a good hotel price but that's about it.	
Jun 29 2009 	Belgrove Forget it.	Bad hotel. stayed deep in the bowels of the place. no light working in toilet or shower. No light working in bedroom on the last day. If there was a fire you would be out of luck. Toilet and shower room feet away from where folks are having breakfast, which makes for some interesting smells. Save your time and money go elsewhere.	
Jun 11 2009 	Belgrove good location OK for a few nights	I was staying at another hotel round the corner but wasn't too happy so decided to try this place.I went in about 9am on a Friday to ask about rooms and the receptionist who was I believe from Latvia was really nice and friendly.She had two basic rooms available one basement one top floor at £35 but when I asked to see them she said I'd have to come back after 11am.I went back in the evening about 6pm and another girl on reception who was from London gave me a key to see the basement room but wouldn't let me see the other room at the top as she said they were all the same.They just cannot be helpful can they ?What is it about some Londoners that they make an effort to be as unhelpful as they possibly can ?Anyway booked one night for the basement room for the Sunday to try it.Arrived Sunday afternoon and the basement room was OK.Room size was fine tv worked towel and soap but no plug for the sink( no big deal). Toilet at the end of the corridor but for me on my own that's fine. I just want a cheap room and £35 is OK as it's a good location.Stayed for two more days but on the last day there were some builders staying there in other basement rooms and if the windows are open even if their tv is low you still hear it.Fortunately the builder guy turned it off about 11pm as he had to get up early next morning.Breakfast was OK you help yourself to the eggs,bacon, sausage etc. The orange juice is actually orange squash mixed with cold water.If you fill up on breakfast you don't need that much for the rest of the day.I wish hotels were a bit more strict about noise I had to move to the Belgrove because the previous hotel round the corner had someone playing their tv at 4am. When I've been in hotels in the US and had to complain about noise they've dealt with it immediately.I travelled by train from Aberdeen to KX so just crossing the road to this hotel was very convenient.	
Dec 22 2008	crap!!!!!!!!	this hotel has got to be the worst i have ever stayed in, i only stayed the one night thank god but never again, yes it was near the train station but i would walk 2 mile to get to the train station rather then ever stay there again	
Dec 16 2008 	Never say Never. Except about visiting this place again...	Difficult to know where to start. Everyone goes on about how this place is cheap, but is £60 a night really that cheap? I didnt think so. And dont give me all that London excuse either...Pleasant welcome and a nice looking outside are the only positives to take out of an otherwise shambolic hotel.We were handed the keys to our room, which was downstairs. Already the mind was thinking &quot;uh oh...basement room...not gonna be great&quot;. But you have to have an open mind. Then when the door was opened I was hit with a barrage of heat waves - i liken it to being placed in an oven i imagine. It's ok - i'll just turn the radiator off. Oh - you can't. You have a TV, if you want to risk your life turning it on. There were wires hanging out of the wall, the plug sockets were not screwed on properly and it was an all round electric mess!! I have the pictures to prove it!The shower....oh the shower.....warm water - yes. Mould all over the roof and having it inside a probable former wardrobe - yep i'm afraid so!!One main light and that's tucked away on the ceiling providing as much light as a solar powered torch. You can hear everything going on in everyone's rooms. A voyeur's dream!! Anyway - get in touch if you'd love to see some fantastic photos of this place.I imagine not all the rooms are like this as the place would be closed down in a millisecond. Outrageous!The hotel was full so no chance of changing rooms....speaking to people at breakfast the next day though indicated that there are alot of shabby rooms in this place.	
Dec 7 2008 	Cheap and grim!!!	Myself and my partner decided to take a last minute xmas trip to london, we found this hotel and thought it would do for the money for one night. Never in our nightmares did we expect what we got. First of, the lady on reception didnt greet us at all and was incredibly rude, then told us our room was up the stairs, which ended up taking us ages to find as none of the endless doors on the grotty stinking stairs have labels, even the cleaner didnt know where it was! we eventually got to our tiny damp ridden room with torn carpet, pealing off wall paper and unusable equipment. It was that bad we didnt even dare shower. The only clean thing was the sheets, thank god! Oh yeah dont try and store your luggage their and they just leave in in the corridor and blame you for lost items!!! As you might have guessed we didnt risk having breakfast. All i can say is, the extra cost for somewhere else is well worth it!!!	
Oct 28 2008 	Way too basic	Hi, I booked via the internet and found this hotel to be so basic that it is beneath what I am used to for basic creature comforts. The room was very small, the furniture old and so were the carpets. The window could not be closed, so I was cold all night. The sheets were clean and a clean towl was provided. The toilet had a flush handle made of chain links but no wooden or plastic handle at the end. It was shared by all in that corridor. There were 3 showers but I did not use them as there was nowhere to place the change of clothes as switching on the shower was going to wet the whole room which was small. There was no soap dish in the shower room. There was no towel hanger either. Just a hook on the door of the shower room which was bascially a shower head in an enclosed tiled room with no window and the ceiling paint was peeling. Breakfast was substantial in the morning. But minimum standards. We had hot food with minisausages, fried eggs, bacon, toast with butter, tomato and baked beans. The receptionists and canteen staff spoke what sounded like Russian. They were trying their best, but it is the state of the place and the management that needs to be sorted out. Hope that helps, at least you know what you're paying for.Yes it is close to the train station but perhaps we could have stayed at better accomodation.	
Oct 26 2008 	belgrove met all of my needs	shame on all the bad reviews!! sure, the room was small; but, it was very well located and very reasonably priced--65 pounds/night. someone was at the desk 24/7. i liked the breakfast. the water pressure in the shower was a bit weak, but if that is my only complaint . . .	
Oct 4 2008 	hovel is right	I have been to europe several times b/4 and never stayed in a hotel that made me want to go out and immediately search for another room. It was on the 5th floor and smelled of food and nothing worked(lights , tv...). The staff was very helpful the next morning and we got a larger room on the 1st floor and everything worked in it. The breakfast was not appealing in an overheated room so we ate elsewhere. I would not book this hotel again.	
Aug 23 2008 	Basic but no problems	I booked a twin room at the Belgrove Hotel for two nights, the main reason being that it was the cheapest I could find in London at short notice.On arrival we were greeted by friendly staff and took a few dimly lit flights of stairs down to the room. The room was a decent size, with enough wardrobe and drawer space to accommodate two people. The breakfast in the moring was great, it was buffet style and had a large choice of hearty foods like bacon, beans, eggs and tomato. On one of the mornings the breakfast room was full, but the staff were happy for us to take our meal into the room to eat.My only criticisms were that the bathroom was very, very small - barely enough room to swing a cat in. It still did the trick, but it was almost impossible to shave, shower and get changed without bumping into the wall behind. Also, it seemed that in our particlar room, the window did not have a locking mechanism. We were situated right on the bottom floor - in a basement-like space with a courtyard outside, but I couldn't figure out how to secure the window shut. But if it wasn't for the fact that we were on the bottom floor, I wouldn't have worried about the issue at all.All up, I would gladly recommend the Belgrove for anybody on a budget who is after affordable, tidy accommodation within close proximity to central London.	
Aug 14 2008 	This place is the pits. Period.	Me and a friend booked a single night at this hovel (yes, HOVEL - it's not a spelling mistake) as a last minute cheap alternative to one of the places we would normally have stayed at in London (mental note - always book early, avoid HOVELS...)We'd checked out reviews for The Belgrove which seemed to be fairly OK (prior to booking!) which suggested it was cheap and cheerful but at least clean, so we decided to give it a go - what a mistake that was. The place must have seriously hit the skids since those reviews had been made, or failing that it would suggest that the previous reviewers had been paid off!The staff were rude &amp; surly, the place was really dirty and stunk to high heaven - I wouldn't have kept pigs in there. Even if you need somewhere as a last resort, I'd avoid this place like the plague and sleep in the park around the corner!	
Aug 12 2008 	Nice and basic hotel with great location	Belgrove hotel i situated right next to the St. Pancras and King's Cross tube &amp; rail stations - Unbeatable location.Booked single room and stayed for 3 nights. Room was small but big enaugh for one person as it should be :-) Price was excellent (50 GBP/night) and was including breakfast.Breakfast: coffee/tea, cornflakes, eggs, scrambled eggs, sausages, 2x toast, beans, bacon and some red stuff. Besides coffee there is only too strong orange juice available - no water.Breakfast ends exactly at 9am and not a minute later.The staff were Eastern European and showed no special interest to their job. Day time receptionist girl was pretty and she gave a smile. Nice.In overall the hotel is good value for money: excellent location, rooms are clean, shower has warm water and you get breakfast. easy to reach from all London airports.Will recommend to my friends.	
Jul 15 2008 	There's cheap and cheerful and then there's The Belgrove....	I booked a night at this (ahem) hotel as a cheap and cheerful alternative to one of the usual places I stay in the area as they were all unfortunately fully-booked. I'd checked out a couple of customer reviews to see what the overall opinion was, which all appeared to be along the lines of &quot;it's OK, basic but clean&quot;, etc. Good Lord, either this place has seriously gone downhill since the reivews or these people must need glasses!I and my wife had the misfortune of staying at a place in Kensington at the beginning of the year (if you see my review of the Eden Plaza), but this place comes a very close second. It was dirty, it smelt, the room was so small I could just about turn around in it, it was falling to bits (Steptoe would have had a field day).If you're (a) absolutely desperate, and (b) have no other option, then this hotel is OK as a last resort - I can't comment on the breakfast room as I was rather concerned over the cleanliness of the place and didn't want to risk it!Honesty's the best policy!!	
Jun 25 2008	Could have been worse but could have been much better too	I spent one night in the Hotel Belgrove, and was kind of relieved that it was one night only. The overall look of hall, staircase and corridors were shabby . The room was really small and shabby too. But sheets were clean and the bed was ok, and although the bathroom had a little mould problem, it was cleaned. The TV screen was grainy and only few channels was watchable. Breakfast was ok and staff was quite disregardable. Location was very good.Because of the reviews, I was expecting even worse, but I was, if not gladly surprised, but relieved that I could spend there one night without a problem. If you are expecting something fancy or even nice, it is not place for you, but if you just need a roof over your head, it is ok. But you can get nicer options in the price, even in London.	
Apr 15 2008 	Filthy nasty hotel!	This hotel was so disgusting I refused to stay there. We left and booked into another hotel, but still had to pay for our room. Wish I'd looked on tripadvisor first.DO NOT stay here!!	
Mar 27 2008 	HORRIBLE	The worst place my girlfriend and I have ever been (and we travel a lot)!!!Its really a waste of money, very insecure and not safe at all with such tiny corridors. This place was worse than a maze!Dirty [--] and blankents???!!!!!!! Yes, there was no duvet!! Just a filthy blanket. AVOID at all costs!	
Mar 18 2008	belgrove nightmare	Dirty and small rooms, moody staff. Spend an extra 20 pounds and go to another hotel.This place is horrible, DONT STAY AT THE BELGROVE HOTEL..	
Dec 8 2007 	nightmarish hotel!	I stayed in a single room for 45 pounds, but felt i threw my money away for nothing. The reception was very moody, and the room was worse. Bed sheets was dirty, and the bathroom was smelly and scummy. (I recommend to bring a beach sandal!) The lock on the room's door seemed to be insecure. The breakfast was English breakfast, but it was terrible as well. Especially, the seemed-like orange juice was something which I had never tasted before! I still wonder what it was really.	
Oct 1 2007 	Perfect base for exploring London	I was slightly worried about this hotel given the terrible reviews it has but now i have stayed there i have realised how high peoples expectations are for a 60 quid a night hotel!! . There is nothing wrong with this hotel if all you will be using it for is to shower and sleep. Breakfast is lovely, nice staff, excellent location, clean room, hot shower..room is small but who cares? 1 minute walk from Kings Cross tube station means you can get anywhere in London in no time at all. I would 100% recommend this hotel and will definitley stay there on my next trip to London.	
May 29 2007 	Nightmare Part 2	Absolutely one of the worst places I've ever stayed. The staff were rude, the room tiny, the bed small. The noise was incredible, blaring TV's, ringing phones and the pipes in the walls clanging and banging away, all that at 4 AM. The breakfast was so unappetizing I left without eating. Stay away unless your absolutely desperate!!!	
Apr 7 2007 	Nightmare !!!!	I should have believed the comment below and cancel our booking before. We stayed there only for one night so we thought it should be OK. However, it turned out to be terrible and more tiring holiday of our life. We couldn't help to write a review the first thing we arrived home. First of all, there was a bad impression when entering the room. There was bad smell of cigarette in the very tiny hallway. Not only the room was so small, our en-suite toilet and shower was only the size of public loo with the toilet lid cannot hold open. Our blanket is too small that it couldn't even cover two of us and so thin that it didn't make us any warmer. Even worse... there was no heat at all from the radiator. So we couldn't sleep well all night. I can imagine how horrible it will be in winter night. Only the breakfast was ok and the location was good. Oh one last thing, the lady reception is so ignorant. When we returned the key, she didn't even speak a word.Believe me, if you haven't booked, go somewhere else. Otherwise it may end up like us.. nightmare.	
Jan 11 2007 	not again	booked for 2 nights (single bed) the toilet is very small same goes for the 'shower' where you could barely turn around.the shower ceiling was all rotten.the 'tv' had 3 channels none of them were working all i got was snow.check out my pics what you will get if you book this hotel	
Jan 6 2007 	Not again	Small room, furniture almost falling apart, grotty carpet, tiniest bathroom ever. Good security, nice breakfast, good location, but I would not recommend this hotel.	
Dec 26 2006	Loved The Place	Surprisingly I remember this place always when I am in trouble. I stayed there in 1998 when could not get reurn flight in time. And in January 2006 when I stayed one night in one so called 3 star hotel, with a small room in front of a busy noisy road where I could not sleep whole night. And then I reminded my old choice. This Hotel looks small from outside and have smaller and simple rooms but have all facilities and is very close(2 minutes walk) to Kings Cross Tube station. So you save for taxis. And is at a very safe location but on a quiet location so you can have good sleep. What else we need???? It is great place.-R V ARORA(India)	
Nov 12 2006 	Worst Hotel we've stayed in	Even as a budget hotel this leaves so much to be desired. The room was tiny, the furniture barely functional and the cleanliness dubious. The radiatior was much too large for the room and its controls were broken off - it turned the room into a sauna.In the morning we found the shower either dribbled tepidly or went off altogether. There was no plug in the tiny wash hand basin, so washing was problematic to say the least!Next breakfast - sausages with no obvious meat content - bacon with more salt than bacon and eggs with more grease than egg. We were there for two nights and didn't even attempt breakfast the second morning.Our advice - STAY AWAY.	
Sep 21 2006 	pure and simple	great location right near king cross station which is very near the center there was no place over a 30 minute ride.quiet at night, clean rooms bathroom and shower-it may be some what small but its enough, nice staff very helpful, across the street there was a tesco (a supermarket) lots of fast food places (fish and chips, subway, starbucks, mcdonalds, kfc...) and also safe to walk through at night. the breakfast was fine but since it was the same every morning it got a little boring plus hardly any choices for veggitarians. there was also a tv with a good selection when we got a little bored. did my booking through booking.com and got a great rate for a double room. its small and simple has all the basic needs we didn't need more since we where out all day and came back only to sleep and shower.	
Aug 29 2006	Very low standard but cheap	This hotel is cheaper than some of the other budget hotels in Kings Cross but standards (escpecially of the rooms are much lower). I would rate it only slightly above a hostel.Our twin room was very tiny, with no tea/coffee facilities. The rooms and most of the corridors have bare light bulbs. The furniture and fittings are very shabby.There was no hot water for 24 hours of our stay and in the shared showers you are expected to hang your towels etc. on upturned nails attached to the wall!On the plus side, the building overall and bedding was clean and the staff quite helpful. Breakfast was also good, if lacking in choice.If you don't mind very basic accommodation at hostel prices, this could be the place for you.	
Sep 29 2005	Terrible - worst hotel ever!!	Avoid at all costs - especially if single female traveller. Staff were unfriendly and the locks on the doors &amp; windows left me felling very insecure and unsafe in my room (or should I say box). The toilet leaked and there was no plug in the sink. The best thing for this hotel is to knock it down.	
Sep 29 2005	The Perfect Value Short Break Hotel	This Hotel is value for money, clean, a large English breakfast, and the staff are superb.Its not a five star Hotel its basic, well located for tranis and buses, it is located opposite Kings Cross and the British Library.We will stay again and again.Give it a try. at the price its unbelievable,	
Jul 2 2005 	Clean and Cheery! and cost efective!!	Alright it wasn't the ritz, but for the price of £50 for a double bed and a single, for 3 nights, I certainly couldn't complain. The room was absolutely spotless, we had a small toilet and a small shower cubicle, which was more than adequate when you are out all day and just want to freshen up. The breakfast in the morning was wonderful and again everything was spotless.The staff there were so helpful and told us exactly how to get anywhere we wanted, but to be honest being directly across from Kings Cross, you had unlimited advice on the doorstep. You could pay a lot more and not feel as comfortable, remember this is London and I wasn't expecting a great deal for that price.	
Dec 16 2004	Bad Bad Bad - Stay Away	Do not waste your time and money on this place - the rooms were dirty, unappealing and claustrophobically small I booked for the weekend 11th December took one look at the room and left and booked elsewhere (IBIS Stratford).The defining factor was the piece of string to pull on the light in the bathroom - or should i say cubicle and the scaffolding outside the window - theifs help ourselves...Now got a bit of a complaint procedure to go through as they still charged me for two nights when I didn't stay.	
Dec 11 2004	the belgrove was just fine!	i needed a place to sleep for just the night before taking the train to stansted for a flight. i found this little place from the &quot;london ahoy&quot; newsletter, as a reliable cut-rate hotel.my room was a 4th floor walk-up. it was clean. the bathroom was spotless. the room had a small tv, with coffee machine also. there was a shower stall in one corner. it too was clean and inviting. i had a fine sleep.breakfast in the morning was a full english breakfast buffet, with 2 very helpful waitresses to offer any assistance as needed. it was way beyond my expectations!it was not the savoy or dorchester obviously, but it was a fine place to crash (and eat in the morning).there was a pay-for-use internet terminal in the lobby as well.for 40 pounds sterling, it was a relative bargain, with no negative downside! the folks behind the desk at check-in and departure, were bright, alert every-day folks with smiles and splendid attitudes! the location is about a 4 minute walk across the street from king's cross.	
Sep 9 2004	Uh oh... stay away!	Definitely not recommended. The good thing I can say about this &quot;hotel&quot; is its location, next to King's Cross. Stayed there for two nights, in a single room with bathroom. Room was tiny (even for a London budget hotel..), the bathroom.. tiny too and had a &quot;eau of sewage&quot; smell (which was made worse due to the fact that the bathroom door wouldn't close, so the smell was everywhere. No cold water, only hot and scalding. Try having a shower with scalding water..! Window would not close completely, all through the night a constant buzzing noise (aircon maybe?). Sheets stank of &quot;I don't know what&quot;, yuck. The TV did work, at least. Stay away from this one, fellas. The owners of this establishment should be forced to spend some nights there as a fitting punishment.Looking for a good budget hotel in London? Try Hyde Hotel, near Paddington station. Cheaper than Belgrave and I had a nice stay there last week.	
Oct 30 2009 	TRES SALE!		
Sep 24 2009 	Modesto ma nel complesso positivo		
Jul 30 2009 	Tienen un buen fotografo		
May 7 2009 	Muy bien para la ubicación		
Apr 19 2009 	A éviter		
Mar 23 2009 	Muy buena relación calidad-precio		
Sep 26 2008 	Che ridere!!		
Apr 28 2008 	Solo es buena la situación		
Jul 27 2007 	plusieurs problemes		
Mar 21 2006	Vado sempre lì		
