Nov 21 2009 	Ideal for a short stay	First let me say... if your looking for space and luxury you may want to look elsewhere. If you're looking for a place to put your head down for the night or between sites, this is the spot. Pros:You're a 2-minute walk from a main tube station (Paddington) and 3-minute walk to the train station... which also includes the direct shuttle to/from the airport (Heathrow Express). That shuttle runs every 20min and costs ~16lbs as of Oct 09. I emphasize this because of the headache I suffered on past trips trying to save a few pennies. Pay the extra funds and your to/from in 20min hassle free. Enough about that...I didn't do too much in/around the hotel but the few times I did have any questions (food/sites/discounts), the gentlemen at the front desk were very happy to provide helpful tips and/or hunch over the computer to assist. Very friendly chaps (I'm not British but simply like that word).Breakfast had a limited selection but it included eggs... nuff said. Good enough for a short stay.Cons: Room size (to include bathroom). If your wingspan is &gt;= a hummingbird, you'll get cabin fever. Good incentive to get out rain or shine.All-in-all I would recommend for a short stay where you don't plan on staying indoors much.	
Nov 3 2009 	Very well qualified for the Olympics	This hotel is of exceptional standard and excellent value for money. Everything is brand new. There is modern design in the entrance and in the hotel room, free tea and coffee in the launch area 24/24 hours.The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are impeccable, clean and with modern design with all you need and nothing missing of which I can remember. The central heating is in silver with very stylish modern design. The toilet and shower inside the room is small but completely equipped with a choice of different lotions and of course shampoo and soap. Due to the traffic, rooms on the road side are a bit noisy. Nevertheless, the rooms are very clean and looking brand new and there is free wireless WIFI internet access. The location of the hotel is very central nearby Waterloo tube station and not more than a 5 minute walk from Hide Park. In most London hotels, bed mattresses are generally worn off, old fashioned and very bad for the back but Stylotel have new and quite pleasant mattresses for a fragile back like mine. This is another outstanding point for Stylotel. The hotel is very well maintained and tidy. In all: very good value for money in London and definitely a place to stay in London. There is enough space in a room to feel well and more than in the average London hotel room and CCTV cameras for your security. The guests really feel respected and well cared for. Breakfast is good and it stands out of all other private hotels for it. The modern launch is a mirror of the professional spirits of the hotel managers. In all: a great place to stay, outstanding in London for a medium budget, real quality and not the typical London rip-off. It’s well qualified for the Olympics. As I really enjoyed my stay and do not have anything to critizise about it, I will give it a 10 out of 10.	
Oct 21 2009 	convenient small kudos on the effort to be different	stayed there for vacation with my partner for a week. Location is great, 1 minute walk from Paddington station, 5 minutes walk from Hyde park, although the area near by the hotel is not so interesting. Whether you like the style of stylotel or not, you have to praise them for attempting to do something different. The lobby and breakfast room are nice, the rooms with the metallic cover on the wall is something to get used to, but there was definitely some thought into it. The rooms are quite small but we were lucky to receive one with a small balcony/window shelf. The bath is tiny, hard to get by there but manageable. As someone wrote here earlier, the staff is not so friendly, though not rude either. rich breakfast options and served even when I was a couple of minutes late, ends at 9:30. I think that in this price range - it's a descent offer	
Oct 18 2009 	nice and clean not very friendly staff  but doesnt mean they were rude.	tiny room and bathroom, but it was only a place to sleep, couldnt have asked for more .Though it could have been nicer if there was vending machines for crisps,chocolates, and fizzy drinks. very good breakfast and good service. I would go back to stylotel if i'm ever in london again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Some snags	This hotel isn't bad for the price, but1. They have a notice saying you are forbidden to have visitors to your room at any time! What century are they in?2. If you ask them to book a taxi for you, it might arrive 1/2 hour early and charge you £18 to go to St Pancras.3. Tea and coffee only available in Lobby.4. My room - bathroom was shabby.	
Aug 20 2009 	dicent  clean  friendly staff	I stayed at Stylotel for 6 nights in the beginning of the month. Proximity is all that matters in London and this hotel is all that. Don't expect any frills, but do pay attention at the clean environment of the bulding.Staff was really helpful especially Andreas who helped us a lot with the sightseeing bookings, gave us many tips for the means of transport and everything else we needed!!The rooms are pretty small, but you just don't stay inside whilst in London.Classic english breakfast on the -1 floor ( check the weird chairs!!).There is a coffee and tea maker in the hotel's lounge for 24h use.I recommend this hotel to everyone who seeks for value for money, kind staff and proximity to the major sights	
Aug 11 2009 	If in London again we would never stay anywhere else?	My husband and I stayed here for 10 nights with the plan of squeezing in everything we could in order to see as much as we could. We thought this place was fanastic. The rooms are whacky in their set up and looked like a padded cell in a space ship. The stainless steel gives it a clean appearance. The room was actually quite a decent size with plenty of space. The bathroom is like a space shuttle and we found this hysterical. The staff are all extremely helpful although diverse in personality. Andreas, Ania, Rodrigo, Justin and Howard were all great. They will book all your tours, have plenty of recommendations and are extremely knowledgable about the local area and attractions.We thought the buffet breakfast was fantastic, but do brace yourself for the breakfast room, not sure who designed the chairs but they are freaky. Plenty of staff on hand who are constantly bringing out toast and more food.It is hard not to take advantage of the all day coffee/ tea that is available in the lobby.Wifi was fanastic (although at a price and reasonable in comparison to some places) when it worked. They did have problems with this, but tried to rectify the issues as soon as the signal dropped out.My only complaints would be the pillows are shockingly flat and I think the floors in the rooms could be cleaned a little better, there was dust clinging to my feet.Everything is close by, busses, eateries, shopping and Paddington station. So easy to get around and convenient. Would recommend to anyone (and already have a friend booking for next year) and would always stay there again if I was to be given the opportunity.	
Jul 11 2009 	Would propably not go back	Clean room.When you turn the light on in the toilet a fan goes of that sounds like a truck. You canhear them several rooms away.Breakfast not worth any money. Chairs in breakfast area horrible.3 bed room, was very small. Parking was a joke, they need to get your keys, and you car is completely lockedin by other cars, that must be moved before you can use your own car.Did not see any smoke detectors, but there was a fire exit, was scared about fire in the location tough, since not possible to escape by window. Stairs very narrow.Hotel interior/rooms looks bizarre, like a space movie, metal foil on the walls. Room washot like hell (28 degress) with 20 degress outside. Even with open-window.Booked a taxi through the hotel, they got an over-priced fixe-price fare. Grab a taxi on thestreat is easy and much cheaper.Staff was friendly and helpfull though.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great hotellocation and staff	This hotel is located in a very comfortable location in Central London where basically you have everything at your doorstep (taxis,buses,train stations, pubs, restaurants etc). Also its prices are quiet low than other hotels and that includes the good old english breakfast. The rooms might be smaller than usual but we didnt mind as we spend most of our time outside exploring the city. The staff were very helpful and friendly.	
Mar 3 2009 	StyloMania	As someone said before, GREAT deal for a solo traveler for one or two nights given the location. Definitely would not recommend for families or couples looking for a romantic place (unless they're looking for something that looks like a German porn film setting). The Pros: Location, staff, price, full English breakfast included. The Cons: Bizarre and unwelcoming room design, overuse of the prefix &quot;stylo,&quot; wifi doesn't work in upper floor rooms, super small bathrooms.	
Feb 8 2009 	Working In London	I've been working in London for the past few months and have been staying at the Stylotel. The hotel has a unique style and character which make it much more pleasant to stay at than your usual generic soulless hotel room. The staff are also surprisingly helpful. I particularly recommend the suits which include a small kitchen which is very useful.	
Jan 4 2009 	It was a perfect base for my first stay in London	I stayed here a week. The location was great, just down the road from Paddington station and above the Sussex Arms hotel. My room was on the second floor so I heard no noise whatsoever from the hotel. As I walked in I was impressed by the room. It had been nicely done up recently and had a full kitchen and fridge, LCD TV (heaps of channels) and the bathroom was a decent size. It felt like my own bachelor pad for a week haha. There's a lot of pubs, restaurants nearby and an internet cafe just a few doors up.	
Oct 29 2008 	'Studio Suite' very noisy!	Well, we checked in and went to our room and it was tiny, the toilet is like a porta-loo. You can't even turn around in the shower! It was so small that within ten minutes we paid £45 to upgrade, but we regretted it big time!The upgrade suites are about 100 yards from the actual hotel, above a pub 'The Sussex Arms' and then noise went on until about 3AM in the morning. It was terrible! Not a wink of sleep.The second night we decided to go back to the actual hotel and got a new room which was a bit nicer.The walls are metal and padded and it's like being on the set of Blake 4. I wouldn't really recommend it unless you're just going for 1/2 nights and you're just using it as a roof over your head.	
Oct 16 2008	try not to laugh	its an experience that ill never forget,picture a scene from star wars,metal room, padded walls, porta loo toilet.its stylotime.....its very close to paddington station and ideal for 1 - 2 nights. but beware its not ideal for families or big groups as its all very basic.great breakfast and excellent staff but its only for a one night stay	
Aug 11 2008 	Location and staff!	My one-night stay at Stylotel was in general quite pleasant. The location, 5 minutes' walk from Paddington Station, is super-convenient for a first or last night in London if you're flying out of Heathrow-- definitely spring for the Heathrow Express, it's a delight! You'll never take the tube to LHR again.Stylotel's other great asset is its friendly and helpful staff. I'm sorry I don't have names, but honestly, everyone I encountered was cheerful, chatty, and very helpful. I was there during a quiet week (1st week of January) and the hotel wasn't full, so upon check-in I was upgraded to a double room rather than the single I had booked. I didn't get a look at the singles but I suspect the reviewers who bemoan the room size are correct, as the double wasn't exactly huge. Perfectly fine for one night, and bigger than some central London hotels I've stayed in.Storing my bags for the morning after checkout was accomplished quickly and with a smile.Breakfast was fine, decent selection of hot and cold items. Another reviewer mentioned the odd chairs in the room, and I concur with that. Not the most comfy.My only complaint, really, is that the hotel doesn't have non-smoking rooms. I had already booked when I realized there was no mention of this, and sent the hotel an email enquiry. They responded that with the industrial-type decor of the room, there weren't any soft furnishings that remained in-room from one guest to the next (except curtains) and therefor there was nothing to absorb smoke odors.I'm sorry, I beg to differ. I know I'm very sensitive to smoke smell, and so others might not be bothered, but to me the room smelled fairly strongly of smoke. It was the only thing I didn't like about the hotel... and it might keep me from staying there again. I hope management reconsiders this policy.	
Jun 26 2008 	Book double room even you are alone	Hi.I stayed in Stylotel in Dec07. I booked single room and did not image that room will be so small. acctualy i have never feel colufostrafobiya but in that hotel I felt. Room was clean, location is the best for 55 gbp, between Paddington and Lancaster gate. advise you to book double room even you are alone. room is realy small as in elevator. wil be stay there once more but only in double rom.	
Apr 12 2008 	Make It A Double	I had read about this hotel in the Qantas inflight magazine and it was described as an uber chic hotel. After this interesting description, I had to try it. The hotel is one of many along the strip of Sussex Gardens, a stone's throw away from Paddington, making it ideal for those getting off from the Heathrow Express. The hotel has gone for a modern industrial feel, with the theme carried right throughout the hotel. You will see plenty of blue and steel, or imitation steel, used in all areas. The reception is quite small. However, a separate lounge area and tea room allows for a good place to sit and relax if you're ever waiting. I had booked a single room for the first 3 nights and then a double for the next 4 nights. I must say, if you're ever staying in the hotel, even as a single person, I would suggest booking a double room anyway. The single room was quite claustrophobic. It's basic and functional, but when you have all your bags in the room, you quickly see the space disappear. This is especially true when you need to unpack your bags. The bathroom is probably the worst experience you will have in any hotel. The shower doesn't give much space to move. The toilet and sink are right next to each other. I would liken it to the space you would get on a plane. You also have a small TV in the room, and a small desk to use.After my experience in the single room, moving to the double room felt like luxury. The bed was a double bed. Not the most comfortable, but the space was what made it more comfortable. Instantly you had more room available to be able to unpack your bags. The shower is almost double the size of the single room's shower. The space between the toilet and sink is much larger, more than double the space given in the single room. I also enjoyed a great view of Sussex Gardens from my room. Noise wasn't an issue, as the windows were double glazed.Breakfast is the only meal on offer at the hotel. It's served in the basement of the hotel, but rest assured the place is nicely presented. I thought the chairs were a bit odd and uncomfortable for seating. The selection at breakfast was simple, with the usual selection of cereal, pastries, juices, bacon, eggs, baked beans and tomatoes. Coffee and tea are also available. For those needing the internet, they have wireless internet available for 10 pounds for 10 hours. This was very good and about the same price offered by internet cafes nearby. The hotel staff are all very friendly, always greeting you when you walk by. Overall, the hotel is a good choice for those in search of an affordable yet basic hotel. It's a compact hotel specifically designed for travellers that need a room to simply sleep in and use as a base in a convenient location. Highly recommended for any type of traveller, as long as you book the doule.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Hotel Clean Best Service !!!	I Stayed in stylotel earlier this month first in a double room with my wife for the weekend and then 4 more nights alone in a single room.I have stayed in hotels in Paddington and Bayswater area hundreds of times in the last 4-5 years due to the head office of my company being located near Paddington station and I can honestly say that this place is one of the best around Paddington. All of you that complaint about the size of rooms and quality of this hotel have obviously never stayed in a bad London hotel - and trust me there are many of them, many cheaper, many at the same price level as stylotel and unfortunately many higher priced ones too... The double room i stayed in was more than adequate and at a rate of £85 per night including a great buffett breakfast in the morning as well as free tea and coffee throughout the day. At this rate it's a bargain for cental London. I've paid a lot more to stay in so called 4 stars and the rooms and service were nowhere near as good! Rooms are small but guys... this is London, everything is small and expensive! Fancy a bigger room? you can find one easily for £150 per night but no you won't find any of stylotel's quality at stylotels rates. The single room was as small as it's price tag but had everything the double room had too... tv, hairdryer (not that i needed that!) tv, en-suite shower, hot water and heating was always on... everythign i needed - a cheap room to put my head down after work. There is quite cheap by London standards wireless internet access, priced for £1 to a maximum of £2 per hour... I regularly pay up to £10 per hour for the same service in other London and European hotels so £1 per hour is not bad at all... Where the hotel excelled was the service... it was great... Andreas - the young hotel manager who has been mentioned in previous reports on tripadvisor is a real assett to this hotel, he makes all guests feel at home and always has a suggestion to make on how to make the most of your stay. Although I stayed in London numerous times I have not really been here as a tourist often so when i took the opportunity to spend a weekend with the wife taking in the sights, I asked for some help and suggestions at the front desk. Andreas immediately came up with a great map of London (which even though it is labeled with a retail price of £2.95 it is offered by the hotel to all guests free of charge), provided us with discounted tickets to Madame Tussauds which were alo fastrack so we skipped the queque, booked us on the London eye and even managed to find seats for us at a musical that was supposed to be sold-out which was a great suprise for the wife! What a guy! You only have to ask the question and it's done! He can even save you money on a Heathrow Epress ticket! What can I say, if the owners of Stylotel are reading this, you'd better look after this guy well as he is without doubt one of the major reasons for the many repeat customers that your hotel gets. I for one have already booked 2 more dates in May and even if i get the smallest room in the house I don't care, the fact that there is someone there to ask you how your day went and give you a genuine smile when you arrive is worth it - better than booking into a faceless cold chain hotel.I cannot recommend this place enough! Always remember that Stylotel is in central London and it should only be judged as such. Do not compare this with your huge room in a 5 star hotel in Dubai or the US - you can't do that! Compare it to others in the same area and at the smae price and then you'll see that it is great value for what and where it is.	
Mar 7 2008 	Smallest room i've ever stayed in!	Hi! I happened to stay at this property in first week of March'08. I had made a direct booking and the response when i checked in was good. I was asked to make the entire payment in advance at the time of check-in. The reception attendant was quite helpful in telling me about places to visit while in London. I was told that i had been upgraded to a double occupancy room so i was delighted. However when i entered the room, found the room to be the smallest i have ever stayed in!. It was claustrophobic to say the least. Hotel clearly has space constraints as the stairs are also steep and small. Room was however clean but the mattress makes sound:). The main advantage of this hotel is its location. Otherwise the price doesn't justify the room	
Mar 1 2008 	Great value for money	My husband &amp; I &amp; our 5 year old son stayed at this hotel for one night in February. We picked the hotel for it's close proximity to Paddington (it's very close) &amp; for the fact that they only charged us £95.00 in total inlcuding a full breakfast!The room was small, as was the shower room, but for one night in a London hotel, you shouldn't expect much more. The room was clean, as was the bedding (I checked as I wouldn't have wanted my son to have slept under unclean sheets), the staff were friendly, the breakfast was fine (not gourmet but then again we only paid £30ish pppn) &amp; the room was warm (we were dreading a cold room as 2 sets of friends of ours had stayed in 2 different London hotels the week before &amp; had almost frozen to death in the night!).Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you are only staying in London for 1 or 2 nights maximum &amp; if you only need somewhere to sleep when you've finished your sightseeing.I really can't understand how people complain about the price of this hotel...do they not realise that London is one of the most expensive cities in the world for real estate &amp; therefore for living in?	
Feb 29 2008 	Stylotel is the best	It's a clean room. Very modern, a little warm but they gave us a fan for nighttime which was great. If you're expecting spacious in London at all, don't go to London. It's a perfect bed and breakfast, you're there to sleep, wash and eat...not sit in the room.Breakfast was very good and always was something to eat. It was kept very clean we were there for a week. I couldn't ask for better. It's location is perfect for walking to many attractions.	
Feb 6 2008 	This place is DISGUSTING (or maybe just my room smelled like a toilet!)!	Checked into this hotel (80 GBP for one night) and went up to room (302)....the room smelled like a backed up sewer! It was disgusting. Forget for a moment that the room was smaller than my closet at home. I was only staying for the night and heading out to the airport in the morning, so I really didn't care about the size, amenities, etc. but I absolutely couldn't tolerate the smell. So...opened the window, went to front desk and told them about the problem. Too bad, I was told. &quot;We are booked and can't move you to another room, but here's a can of AIR FRESHENER....maybe that will help&quot;. So, since I was tired and not in the mood to argue, I went back up, opened the windows and sprayed and sprayed. I also decided to leave and have dinner and give the room a chance to air out. I returned about 3 hours later and re-entered the room. It STILL smelled like feces/raw sewage. I went back down to request a change or a refund and was once again told this wasn't possible. I was also told that &quot;London Smells&quot;.....So I went to the Days Inn next door and requested a room BUT I wanted to see and smell it first. The front desk clerk couldn't have been nicer. I was shown a triple room on the 4th floor and it smelled just fine. Actually NO smell at all, so I guess you can't blame Stylotel's disgusting smell on London afterall. Went back to Stylotel to request a refund as I was unable to stay in that room and this was denied. Asked for Manager - no dice. Asked for Manager's name and email address. NO. NO.NO. So I packed my bags and moved next door. Just so you know, the bathroom in the rooms at Stylotel are modules that contain the toilet, shower and sink in a plastic triangular piece that is set into the room's corner. It sits above floor level with a drain in the center. The toilet, shower, etc. all drain into this same space so apparently there is a leak or seepage that is collected under this floor and it is vile. The people that run that hotel are very uninterested in customer health or satisfaction issues. I would stay away and try the Days Inn two doors down. VERY CLEAN, very reasonable, tea pots and assorted teas in the room, breakfast included PLUS free internet. Stylotel offers nothing to the traveler except a gimmicky front.	
Jan 18 2008 	Choose the right room and it's fine	I booked this hotel on the strength of reviews and then noticed one saying the walls were thin. This made me a bit dubious, but I had asked for a quiet room and ended up in room 303. This and some other rooms aren't next to anyone and 303 is also at the back. They gave me a double bed + single bed for the price of a single.The decor of the rooms and dining area are very quirky, but it was obviously planned with care. It's a bit like sleeping in a funky space pod, but there isn't air conditioning. You can open the windows, but I still felt warm (in January too!)The staff are excellent. Very friendly and helpful and there's free tea and coffee downstairs all the time. The breakfast is fine and lots of places to eat nearby. It's also a few minutes to the tube and mainline Paddington Station. Very intriguing place and the young would love it.	
Jan 8 2008 	Overall a good deal	I found Stylotel thru this site, and I will say, my friends and I we're pretty pleased overall. Now, first things first: space is limited and if you want huge rooms, this place might not be for you. If you don't want to spend a fortune and want a clean cool place that's close to cool pubs, eats, in a great area close to the Tube, consider it.With 3 of us, I booked a quad room. It was small but superclean and cozy with a cute alley view. The bathroom was tiny, but served its purpose. And everything worked; TV, lights, Wi-Fi, and the location was perfect. it's just a long block from the Paddington St. Station, which has a direct train from Heathrow. Can't beat that...And speaking of location, its very close to Hyde Park and great pubs. As I said, Paddington St. Station is right up the road and takes you anywhere in London you may want to go. We also took advantage of the free breakfast every day we were there. Eggs, bacon, hash browns, toast, sausage, beans and more. Being our first time in London, we really enjoyed just experiencing something new and had a good time. Oh yeah, the food was pretty good too... Great service, priced right, great area and clean. If you plan to be out enjoying London more than you plan on being in your room...	
Dec 3 2007	Great Value - different but clean and all you could want for the money	Having read the reviews on here and seeing the hotels own website I was curious to find out for myself what the Stylotel experience was like. Well I must say I was impressed.On the whole it was a good standard 3 star hotel. Clean, quiet, comfortable and friendly and ideal for a our 3 day weekend break in London.  The modernistic design throughout is different to what one would normally expect. It utilises space exceptionally well, even though the shower room/W.C. was rather tiny, in particular for a big guy in a party of three sharing a Trio room. That said, on the whole the concept works very well as a corporate identity and I'm surprised that the Stylotel brand has not yet expanded beyond the excellent location that they have in Paddington. It is a concept that I can see working all accross Europe.The price is excellent value given that it includes a hot/cold buffet breakfast. However this ends at 9:30 prompt 7 days a week, so a Sunday lie-in followed by a late breakfast is not possible.I feel my stay would have been enhanced had there been some extra pillows available as this did sometimes detract from a sound night's sleep and accentuated the softness of the matress over the metal slatted bed frame as I tossed and turned to try and get comfortable, but that's just down to personal preference.In summary, it was an excellent place to stay for a few days to explore Central London withouth having to pay Central London prices. I would definately stay again myself as would the other members of my party, and I would recommend it to anyone, apart from maybe my ageing grandmother who may find the modern decor a little unsettling. Keep up the good standards Sylotel. I hope to see more of the name accross the UK and Europe in years to come.	
Nov 21 2007 	Sensational	I have just returned from my holiday in the UK. I booked into the Stylotel after reading a great review. The hotel is absolutely sensational. If you want a funky, modern, boutique hotel, which is reasonably priced, the Stylotel is for you. My room was spotless and was kept that way for my entire stay. The staff are super friendly, all to happy to help. Andreas is an absolute gem....he is super organised. The hotel can book and organise any trips, passes and show tickets. It just takes the worry out of doing those things when you are on holidays. I have to say my stay was fantastic and I will definitley be staying there on my next trip... just delightful	
Oct 17 2007	Nice but not my style	I wish I could give the Stylotel more than three stars because it’s actually quite a nice place and the staff member I dealt with was really friendly, helpful and genuine but, ultimately, I probably wouldn’t stay here again. It just wasn’t really my ‘style’. The décor was cool in theory but off-putting in reality and the entire place is very cramped, which gave me this general claustrophobic vibe. The only part of it I really felt comfortable in was the lobby, where you could make yourself a cup of tea or coffee and hang out in front of the wide-screen TV. The walls are thin, so you can hear quite a lot of movement and voices from other rooms (and they can hear you). The mattress was a little too hard for me, so it would probably be very hard for most. And while it’s somewhat ‘groovy’ it’s not terribly romantic, which isn’t great news for couples. Sorry Stylotel – well-located, welcoming and spotless you are; warm, homely and spacious you’re not.	
Sep 27 2007 	Loved and Enjoyed the Stylotel London	As first timers in London ...enjoyed a lot the hotel and the city for 6 days..the hotel and its staff met all our expectations and some more....really clean , functional and very well organized ! Although room was pretty tiny (as I guess all ***stars hotels are) , it fit all our stuff, including our two large suitacases (surprisingly there is enough room under the bed :-)). Will be back ...Aviva&amp;Uri from Israel.	
Sep 18 2007 	Fun and Convenient Base For Seeing London!	My girlfriend and I stayed for 5 days in May at the Stylotel and we loved it! I had actually booked on 24 hours notice, so we were given a small room with a double bed for about $160 US. After two days when a larger room opened up we were given a room with a double bed and one single, at the lower rate.  We did find the first room a little tight for the both of us and our luggage, (the bathroom even more so) so we were very happy to move on to the larger room. In the second room we had more than enough space, and the bathroom was a little better, but still small.  The styling is different, sort of trendy, but also doesn't seem new, i'm guessing it's been around for a while. And this definitely isn't a luxury hotel as there is no room service, and no air conditioning(which I think is common in London). But the staff will do what they can for you at all times, as they showed when they gave us Americans a fan to keep us cool. The television selection wasn't great, and it was a fairly small television. None of these were a big deal to us, as we weren't looking (or paying) for perfection. We both enjoyed the complimentary breakfast, as it had a nice selection, and made a great way to start the day.  I chose this hotel as we needed a low budget base for seeing London, the price was good(for London), and being a 4 minute walk from Paddington Station and bus stops, was just too convenient. What I got was all of the above, plus a great experience due to our daily conversations with the staff there. Not only were they helpful in our requests for dining and transportation options, but every conversation had us laughing. The staff never made it seem like it was their job to brighten our day, they just did it for the fun of it. Truly they bumped the hotel from what may have been an average experience to an above average experience, and I would gladly stay there again.	
Aug 28 2007 	Funky modern	Very clean and modern rooms with a difference.Everything you need in a room and the all you can eat breakfast was good. Staff friendly and helpful, nice area and great for the tube.	
Jul 31 2007 	Nice budget hotel	I had booked a single room for two nights. On arrival all the single rooms were full, so I was given a twin room instead. This was very nice, but unfortunately the room was in the basement, just below reception. This meant that from around 6 in the morning there was a lot of noise from people walking around upstairs. Avoid room 101 if this is a problem.Apart from this the room was very nice.	
Jul 14 2007 	Great - would stay again	We searched for weeks on Trip Advisor trying to find a clean, well located place in London to stay - without breaking the bank!Stylotel had some great reviews, so we booked and was not dissapointed! We stayed for 7 nights.Good Points: Great Location - train and shops 100 - 200mClean - rooms serviced dailyNew Fabulous breakfast - full cooked breakfast, great service.Free tea &amp; coffee 24 hoursReception staff friendly and helpfulWell pricedInternet in rooms -but you have to pay for the timeNon-smoking hotelBad points:Yes, the rooms are small - BUT, well thought out. Everything you need in a small space.Yes, the bathrooms are small - Imagine the size of a bathroom on a plane, with a small shower attached. Again, having said this, you can still have a perfectly good shower in this space. Yes, there is a slight musty smell in the bathrooms - but it's really not that bad. You smell it for about 2 seconds when you open the bathroom door, then it is gone.No Water pressure - okay, this might be a problem for some of you. The water out of the shower is a trickle, something I was not used to. Having said that, in a strange way it's not all that bad. The water is still nice and hot, and you can still shower well.Noise can be an issue. Wooden floors mean you can hear people walking about - if they are ELEPHANTS !!!!!! But otherwise, if your neighbours are normal then you don't hear a thing.Street noise: Yes, there can be street noise. As it is summer here you leave the window open, and because of the location being close to shops &amp; pubs you can hear the odd rowdy tourist. Pubs have to close at 12.00am, so it is very quiet afterwards. It's really not a concern.Overall - for the price, location and facilities offered you can overlook some of the bad points. If you want to spend all day in your room rather than explore London then this is not the place for you. However, if you are looking for a clean, cheap room to rest your head at the end of the day this is perfect and comfortable.I recommend staying on the top floor to avoid noise and get a view. Be warned that the lift only goes to the 4th floor and there is a small set of stairs leading up to the 5th.	
Jun 17 2007 	Stylotel - Rooms are newly refurbished but bathrooms terrible	LOCATIONThe Stylotel on Sussex Gardens, Paddington, London is well located within 1.5-2 minutes' walk of Paddington tube station. From a convenience perspective, rated &quot;excellent&quot;. THE ROOMThe room (a double on the 5th and top floor) was comfortable. Although there is heating, there did not seem to be air-conditioning. During my stay (Jun-07), the temperature ranged between approx. 8 degrees celsius (min) and 25/26 degrees celsius (max). As I was out &amp; about between 11am-midnight, the slight stuffiness was bearable. Note that the lift services only ground to 4th floor - the 5th floor is accessible only by staircase.BATHROOM FACILITIESThe bathroom is small and only just functional. The shower booth is tiny although water pressure was good. The sink is a good size and the toilet was fine however overall, the bathroom was sub-standard. Due to being fully encapsulated (i.e - no windows whatsoever), the ventilation is poor (despite a small exhaust fan which only kicks in when the bathroom light is switched on). As such, the bathroom did N-O-T smell fresh and despite frequent room service, the bathroom always had a stench.INTERNET / WI-FIWireless internet access is available at a reasonable charge (by London standards) however, be aware that the wireless signal is N-O-T reachable from all rooms. Being located on the top floor, I had to go down to the lounge area for the wireless net access to work.CONCLUSIONI would not revisit Stylotel based on the unsatisfactory bathroom conditions and there are plenty of other hotels along Sussex Gardens (if I were to stay in the Paddington area again).	
Apr 14 2007 	It was great	I stayed in this hotel on April, by Easter. It's true when people saythe rooms are small, and bathrooms too. But the rooms are very clean,and I felt very confortable in them. Nice view from de windows, very central. The staff is amazing, they solve our problems in the speed of light. We have a problem with the hot water and they solve our problem immediatly. The breakfast was good. And the reception have sofas and tV's. It's a nice place to rest.Thank you all, manager and staff. See you soon, I'll stay again.	
Dec 4 2006 	Would stay again	Just came back from staying at Stylotel and I would recommend it to anyone. You get what you pay for and considering I only paid £50 I got exactly that. The room was small and the bathroom was more like a toliet on a train but it was clean and serviced daily. The brekkie was fine. Very nice girl working there. The location is fab. So handy for the tube and the heathrow express. Not sure if I would recommend it to families. Not enough space to be honest. For a room that only cost £50 it was fine. As long as you dont spend too much time there. I was on the ground floor near the lift and it wasnt even that busy. The website is deceptive though and it is not as cool as it looks. The guy on reception wasnt the friendliest either and I was called British (Im Irish) which was the only bad thing about my stay.	
Nov 21 2006 	Recommendable!	stayed at the stylotel for 3 nights during october/november with my wife. we have made numerous visits to london over the last years and it is extremely difficult to find decent accomodation in this city.however the stylotel is worth recommending.location is excellent: paddington station is within 5 minutes walking distance. plenty of small shops, restaurants and pubs in the area. both room and bathrom had the normal size of a london budget hotel room. they were clean and serviced everyday.english breakfast was o.k. and the staff was friendly.however beware of the rooms in the basement! they gave us one where we spend the first night.elevator and foot noises from above made it very difficult to find sleep. also the room was extremly hot.we asked for a new room first thing in the morning and we were given a new room on 3rd floor and enjoyed the rest of our stay without further problems.	
Nov 17 2006 	tiny rooms good location	MINUS: Room was so small. Two people could barely move. Tiny bathroom. Inadequate circulation. Indifferent staff.PLUS: Convenient location. Good for early morning LHR flights via Paddington.Our first room was downstairs in the basement. Do not take this room. We spent very little time in the room so we weren't too put off by the room. But if you're looking for a hotel for a special trip to London (first time or honeymoon), I wouldn't recommend Stylotel. I'd recommend first trying Priceline as you may get a good deal at a better hotel.	
Nov 13 2006 	TOTALLY COOL AND FUTURISTIC ROOM	It's hard to find a quality budget hotel in London so look no further than Stylotel. Prices are expensive in London so even a budget hotel will run close to $100 a night but they do all vary greatly. Stylotel is walking distance from Paddington Station on a lovely street. The rooms have a cool and futuristic look with metal furniture and doors. It was a bit of an adventure staying there since the room was so unique in style and I mean that in a positive way. I was in a basement room but it was fine and the room felt secure. The room was small but not so small as many London hotel rooms. The bathroom was almost like a metal pod in the room. I can't begin to say how much fun it was to be staying a room that was out of the ordinary. The breakfast was good and I would recommend Stylotel to anyone	
Nov 6 2006 	Not as expected	Sure the price is quite good but, afted reading many good opinions about this hotel, i was expecting something more. We took a &quot;quadra&quot; room... but it was smaller than a normal single room. The hoyel's style is ok but it's only a big appareance. Pillows are terrible, the mattress was very old and busted. What about sheets? with many snags!The bathroom is very very small. Sure I dont pretend to be in a great hotel for this amout of money (we paid 105 pounds for the room per night) but I dont consider this hotel a good value for money. Good things: - Position: Paddington is a good place to be. the hotel is 200 mt from Paddington station and ten minutes walk from marbel arch and the oxford street shopping area. - Breakfast: included I think i wont come here in my next visit to london.	
Nov 2 2006 	Smoking Hotel	It is a smoking establishment. Was asked if we preferred non-smoking or smoking rooms during booking. When we arrived, it was told to us that there is no non-smoking room. It is bad. The rooms were just nice (infact small), bed is just nice to fit 2 standard size persons. English breakfast, generous though.	
Oct 6 2006 	Cool budget hotel	Great location. Cute, modern &amp; clean, rich english breakfast, 24h service, cool room design. Ensuite room included all I needed. TV with quality channels on. Friendly helpful staff.The room/shower are small but If you know London, you know that's how it is at this price level. And usually you get a dump while this hotel was sleek and clean. Definitely going back in the future.	
Sep 28 2006 	Fine if you can take the decor	Stylotel is a cheap hotel, &amp; it's clean, secure &amp; quiet enough. Decor is odd - lots of chrome - but not offensive to me at least. It's round the corner from Paddington station, which is great. The rooms are small but I guess you expect that at such a price. They don't have smoking / non-smoking rooms so be prepared for a bit of a smoky smell if you're unlucky. I'd stay there again if I didn't find somewhere rated higher on Tripadvisor.Simon	
Aug 12 2006 	small room but great hotel	We just returned from a 5 day stay at in London. We stayed at the Stylotel, 2 adults and 2 almost grown kids. It happened to be during the worst heat wave London has ever experienced, so I think anywhere we stayed would have been very uncomfortable, since we were not about to spend a fortune on a 5 star hotel with AC. We stayed in the tetra room on the 5th floor, after reading this website which recommended against staying in their quad room on a lower floor. It was very small, with very little place to put our belongings, and we had to climb up the last flight of stairs, which was challenging with all of our luggage. When we got there, the room was stiflingly hot. However that's where my complaints end. Andreas was kind enough to give us a brand new fan, and we positioned it in such a way that we got a great cross breeze from the large window, and we were reasonably comfortable at night. The bathroom was adequate, and everything was clean. Breakfast was great. And the staff was wonderful. Andreas was extremely helpful with advice on how to get to places, and provided us with maps, underground maps, and offered to book things for us. He really made us feel welcome in London.The location was ideal, near the tube and buses, and walkable to many things like Hyde Park. The price was great. I don't think we could have done any better in another budget hotel. Rooms are just small in London and not air conditioned. I would definitely stay at the Stylotel again, but I would have 2nd thoughts about visitng London in July.	
Aug 6 2006 	Outstanding service made us come back	Thank you Andre! Andre, the hotel manager was a saint, going above and beyond to answer all of my daughter and my questions about destinations in London. The rooms were small but clean and the breakfast was filling. The location is terribly convenient having train, tube and bus one block away. Having a 24 hour desk clerk added to our sense of security. We had originally planned to switch to Abbey Court Hotel (just down the street) when we returned from Venice but changed our minds and booked with Stylotel instead.	
Jul 24 2006	Wouldn't stay here again	I wouldn't stay at this hotel again. The only good things I can say about it is that it is very central and cheap. The room was absolutely tiny. The bathroom had a disgusting smell (like sewerage). When we came back in the evening we noticed that one of the fresh towels they had left had a pubic hair on it.	
Jul 17 2006	Very good for its target market	Nowhere is perfect, but I've stayed at Stylotel on two separate occasions, the second for over a week, and I found it of higher quality than the price would suggest. By far its main selling point is the value-for-money. For the price, one would find few other hotels in London as clean and with equivalent facilities. It fits in well in that segment of the market for travellers looking for something less chaotic and more private than a hostel dorm, and with a private bathroom, but don't want to pay for unnecessary extras like room service and minibars.I admit I too was a bit misled by the photos on the website - it shows what flattering lighting and clever angles will do. Rooms are small, and the fittings are not as 'industrial chic' as the website suggests. But it is clean and well-maintained. And for the price, the breakfast is excellent value. Also, the staff at reception and in the breakfast room were all friendly and helpful (though I admit I didn't get to first name terms with them).It does have a few downsides: - the stairs are very narrow for those with bulky bags (more a minor nuisance than a problem for a reasonably fit young adult, but may be an issue for the less able-bodied), - the breakfast room staff can be a bit 'over-enthusiastic' with spraying detergent when wiping tables; (yes, I accept that they need to clean the tables, but several times I had detergent sprayed on the table inches away from my face, while I was eating breakfast - not pleasant; I don't believe it was done on purpose, though, simply that the staff were in a hurry to clean);- the bathrooms, while clean, definitely have a damp/musty/sewage smell;- television reception was poor in both rooms I stayed in;- rooms facing the road can be noisy.None of these is a huge issue, weighed against the overall excellent value and relatively good location. I would readily stay there again.	
Jun 25 2006	Great service and clean rooms	Me and my friends just returned from a few days in London. Having lived in England previously, I pretty much knew what to expect from a hotel there, however I was positively surprised by Stylotel. To start with, they treated me and my friends (teenagers) just as any customers. This is quite unusual, having to put up with bad behaviour at numerous hotels, not being considered as real guests because of our age.The rooms were very clean, the beds comfy and we had a nice view. The rooms were small, all right, but better than expected in London for the price. Close to Paddy station and buses at Praed Street. But the best part however, was the staff. Rodrigo, being very friendly and going out of his way for the customers, was always nice to have a chat with. Andreas was amazingly kind and fun to talk to, and was always happy to help out...All in all, I'll return to Stylotel in a few months.	
Jun 6 2006	Worst Experience Ever	This hotel was poorly run, the fittings were cheap. There were cigarette burns on the bedspread of my &quot;non-smoking&quot; room. Some substance had been spilled down the side of the bedside table and never cleaned up. Room was incredibly small, bathroom was disgusting and tiny. The walls were so thin I could hear the neighbors on both sides and above me all night long. The bed was uncomfortable. I have never been so happy to leave a hotel.	
May 18 2006	Pleasant Stay @ Stylotel	The Stylotel is a comfortable hotel and within walking distance to Paddington Station. The rooms are exactly as I saw in the advertisment photographs - However, there have been no photos of the bathrooms at this particular hotel, and I can see why. The only *real* problem I had with this place was the bathroom - It was very small, and it was hard to have a decent shower however it was clean, but there was still a faint smell of septic tank so you had to keep the door closed at all times or deal with the smell! I think that the UK recycles it's water so I figure that's where the smell might have also come from. The bed was comfy enough, but the pillows weren't very good in the neck support department. The room was small, but it's expected when you stay in the UK, as all rooms are small unless you pay top dollar for a suite. The staff were very friendly and helpful, which made the overall stay enjoyable. The free breakfast was always fresh and well worth the trip downstairs.	
May 11 2006	I didnt know four could fit in a broom closet	Room was clean, well situated but small. Total ripoff. Could not wait to leave. We were on the first floor and it was SO noisy!	
Mar 8 2006	Close to Paddington easy access to Heathrow	I planned to fly to Paris last summer, but it was much cheaper to fly into London, then take the Eurostar to Paris. So, I needed a hotel close to the Heathrow Experess train at Paddington. I booked three nights at the Sylotel. It's close, covenient, clean and comfortable. If you're looking for luxury and frills, this is not your place. But if you want a reasonably priced place that's close to Paddington, this is a good bet. One suggestion...ask for an upper floor room. The noise from the street can be a bit much if you're on one of the lower floors.	
Jan 6 2006	Cozy style in a great location	What a lovely little hotel in a great location! We were very comfortable in their cozy rooms and were so pleased that they had an elevator (caveat: some of the rooms do have a short bank of stairs, still). Very clean, comfortable beds, adequate lighting, good desk space (maybe not for the business traveler – they are quite low to the ground, but definitely worked for the tourist), and delicious tea served at all hours (we somehow missed the breakfast – our fault, didn’t properly follow the signs). The only major drawback was the bathroom, which didn’t seem to have sufficient ventilation, as it was stuffy most of the time. It was incredibly small, we likened it to a RV bathroom – the lack of a toilet seat was a bit disconcerting, as I had to keep a watchful eye on all my toiletries so as not to accidentally knock them into the bowl!The staff seemed a bit indifferent, though were helpful when presented a request – such as calling transportation. Would definitely stay here again – loved the location near Paddington Station, and there were many little cafes &amp; dining options nearby (including and Internet café ½ block away).	
Dec 31 2005	close to everything!	I stayed in the Stylotel for 8 days w/ four other friends. We reserved at least 3 mo's ahead of time since it was xmas. the web service was fast and i emailed them a couple of times with questions and they were very prompt to answer.We split two rooms, i stayed in a triple room and the others stayed in a double. The rooms were larger than i thought they'd be after continuously hearing stories of &quot;tiny rooms in the uk&quot;.The bathroom was small, but good enough. Yes, we would occasionally bang the walls whilst in the shower, but It was manageable. Hot water was always available and heated very quickly.Beds were good enough, a little springy.TV was limited to around 20 channels- but who has time to watch the telly in the uk?They offered wireless internet services for a minor cost (1 pound for 2 hours which you can log-in/out and use at any time)- i used it and it worked very well.They werent much into cleaning the rooms, they'd come in and tidy up as needed, but not clean the floors and bathroom unless we requested it. They were easy to access for extra towels, toilet paper, etc.Breakfast was included and it was pretty good: eggs (fried/hard-boiled), ham, beans (the canned type), sausage, scones, croissants, and three different cereals- plus milk, orange/apple/grapefruit juice, coffee, and tea. There was also free coffee/tea/milk available all-day in the lobby area.Since we went during Xmas, many things were closed, but the staff were very helpful in finding information for us. They went as far as to invite us to their hotel xmas/boxing day party. it was a nice gesture.Upon arrival, if you're room isnt ready until 1 pm check-in time, they have a locked room to place your luggage. We were able to check-in at 9 am w/o extra charge though because our rooms were available. One complaint was the fact that you can smoke in the lobby/rooms and for someone who is allergic to the smoke, it was difficult to bear when we were in the rooms because the smoke seeps through to the floors and from other rooms. The Paddington area was very nice and the hotel was conveniently located two mini-blocks from the mail Tube station, which offers the Heathrow Express (15-min to airport).Many 24-hour markets were open to get goodies and snacks. There are several really good restaurants within walking distance: a traditional Fish/Chips, 2 Indian, Lebanese w/ hookah/shisha bar (Levantine-costly but good), Italian (Mina's), Garfunkel's, and two Steakhouses (Aberdeen's &amp; Scotch).Also, 3-4 money exchange places were available w/ the best exchange rates. I would stay there again and would recommend it to anyone who's on a budget and/or wants a good location.	
Aug 18 2005	Paddo Location and Good Value	We stayed at this hotel, first for 1 week and then returned for 3 nights in July, 2005. This hotel has an elevator!! albiet small but functional. The room for two was small, in comparison to US hotels. The bathroom was a modular unit with shower, basin and toilet. Breakfast in the basement was pleasantly served, mainly by Anya and Rita. Paul, Andreas and Rodriguez at the front desk were always pleasant and helpful. On the day of the bombing on July 7, we had already booked out and were waiting for a cab to go to Victoria Station......... then all cabs and buses were grounded. So, what to do?? Paul booked us in for another night. We were so grateful! The hotel was only a 5 minute walk to Paddo Station (the Heathrow Express). Buses for just about anywhere - 1 block away in Praed Street. Norfolk Square, a delightful little park, was just around the corner. The village atmosphere around Sussex Gardens was just lovely and could walk to Hyde Park. We would recommend this hotel because of the staff, location and price.	
Aug 17 2005	Don't choose a room for four!	We learned about stylotel through a German magazine.Since I like the Bayswater/Paddington area, the web pagelooked promising and the price was good, I booked aroom for four people (two adults, two children - GPS 105,00 per night).I asked for a room with a twin bed and two singles, preferablysomewhere upstairs. The management replied that there was only one room like that, and on the ground floor. When we arrived we founda nice-looking hotel, clean to our standards. Yet the room was tiny, the bathroom even more so! The window was to a tiny backyard(rather walls than anything else), even on a sunny day theroom was dark. No air condition, the room really heated up withfour people in it, the nights were not refreshing. Also, the room wason the way to the breakfast room, no chance to sleep in!At the end of the stay, we learned that there was another room for 4 (two double beds) on the top floor ...The positive aspects: safe place, friendly service (though not eager to deal with complaints: the toilet lid was still missing on the last day of our stay, which is something we normally wouldn't botherabout, but with the size of these bathrooms we expected all sortsof things to fall into the toilet ...).I might go there again, yet definitely not with four people in one room.	
Aug 16 2005	Convenient and clean	Yes, the hotel is small but you don't go to London to sit in a hotel room! It was clean, a brilliant location, the staff were very friendly and helpful. I've stayed in other hotels/B&amp;Bs in London which were much more expensive and nowhere near as good. The perfect place to stay if you're on a budget but still want a central location.	
Jul 14 2005	"Stylin" at the Stylotel		
Jul 2 2005	Small but Fabulous		
Jun 6 2005	the location is really convenient		
Jun 3 2005 	Hmmmm okay but not as flash as I'd hoped		
Mar 29 2005	Small but perfectly formed		
Jan 20 2005	Too small for a couple		
Dec 29 2004	EXCELLENT !		
Dec 7 2004	Good hotel		
Aug 7 2004	Not bad but rooms rooms too small could not swing a cat too pricey for the siz		
Jun 22 2004	Good for the price.		
Nov 13 2009 	Buena Calidad-Precio		
Nov 10 2009 	habitación y baño muy pequeños		
Oct 22 2009 	mi aspettavo davvero meglio		
Oct 19 2009 	Lilliput e le stanze lillipuzziane...		
Oct 15 2009 	perfetti		
Sep 2 2009 	eccellente		
Aug 10 2009 	Genial para ser en Londres		
Aug 6 2009 	Ottimo sotto vari aspetti!!!		
Aug 5 2009 	Un po' di pulizia in più magari!		
Jun 8 2009 	Une agréable surprise		
May 11 2009	Assolutamente consigliato! Fabulous!!		
Mar 5 2009 	Quando ciò che conta è la pulizia la posizione e la colazione!		
Mar 2 2009 	Habitaciones pequeñas pero limpias		
Dec 18 2008 	Ottimo! A Londra un hotel economico comoco e pulito e` rarissimo!!		
Nov 12 2008 	N'y allez pas !!		
Oct 6 2008 	Excelente relación calidad precio		
Sep 24 2008 	Un sito ingannevole		
Jun 10 2008 	No vayáis		
May 5 2008 	Tres bon rapport qualité prix		
Dec 13 2007 	Stylotel ottimo e vantaggioso anche per famiglia		
Nov 2 2007 	Ottimo rapporto qualità prezzo		
Jun 15 2007 	Hotel correcto		
Jun 13 2007 	Nos gustó		
Jan 3 2007	Peut faire beaucoup mieux		
Sep 27 2006 	Soggiorno con STYLE!		
Jul 16 2006	Estancia agradable.		
May 28 2006	No lo recomiendo		
