Nov 25 2009 	OK but not brilliant value	We booked this through lastminute as one of their discounted hotels. It was a step in price from the cheap budget hotels, but to be honest, when we arrived, you wouldn't have thought so. The hotel was a bit shabby, dated rather than decrepit, although the grand bar, pictures and staircase were quite impressive.We were initially put in a room in the basement but asked for a different room at reception, before we'd seen it, since we'd requested a high room when we booked online. The receptionist was helpful and moved us without argument. All the staff were polite and made an effort to be friendly, so no complaints at all on that score.The room was clean, fairly small and, as previously mentioned, a bit dated. It was also cold - the windows were drafty and the bathroom was freezing cold. Fortunately there was an efficient portable radiator in the cupboard to warm us up, and it even had a timer on it so we could set it to turn on overnight and warm the room through before we got up.We didn't try the breakfast (at 22 pounds, it seems unlikely to be value for money). Overall, I wouldn't stay here. It was OK, but not great value - not a four star hotel and not the best last minute deal out there.	
Nov 19 2009 	I would recommend this hotel for both location and service	We couldn't fault the service, location, cleanliness or breakfast and would certainly strongly recommend it. The only slight downside was that the room was a little on the small side - although very well presented. The staff were excellent. Very close to National History Museum, Science Museum and V&amp;A.	
Nov 10 2009 	Tiny	So, I had to take a business trip to London. The dates of the trip shifted back and forth, until two weeks before I was to leave the dates finally settled on Fashion Week. This made hotels scarce and expensive (I think around 200 pounds a night). PROS FIRST:- Bed was comfortable, shower was hot, room and bathroom were clean- Near a number of good restaurants and the tube. - Staff was nice enough.CONS:- Thin walls- Internet connection was completely broken. - Old CRT television that got terrible reception. Fortunately I had my computer and DVDs.- Everything closes up early in this neighborhood.- Don't bother with breakfast at the hotel. You'll get $oaked. Errr, b£ed?- Computer maps confuse Queen's Gate and Queen's Gate Gardens, leading me to a private residence. The gentleman drinking his coffee out front had no doubt seen weary early-morning travelers at the wrong place before, as he had a carefully rehearsed set of directions.- You may not fit yourself and all your luggage in the elevator.DIDN'T EVALUATE- Hotel bar, although the only beer it serves is bottled, so who cares?	
Oct 21 2009 	tired hotel	the price was right for the location, but the hotel is long past a make over. chiped paint, dirty carpets, small slow elevator, no ac. good resturants within walking distance of hotel. victoria station just 3 stops away by tube and also close to a busy street with cars all night long .flat screens in room but bathroom had mold in the tub . staff was helpfull and frendly. no safes in the room . safe deposite box was located behind ck in desk and I had to hand over my passport and wallet to ck in staff tobe put in safe and locked up by them with a key given to me .they should at least have a private room when lockup your things so nobody else can see it. street noise no air conditioning makes a noisy night.limited room service.	
Oct 18 2009 	Very Pleasant Surprise	We were in London for a few days prior to a Trans-Atlantic cruise. We had not made advance reservations nor had any idea where to stay. But we wanted something reasonably priced, decent and close to the city center.We inquired at the Hotel counter in Heathrow and they suggested this hotel and also made reservations.Upon arrival we found this hotel to our liking. The room &amp; hotel was very clean, the furniture, rugs and decor were up-to-date and in good condition. Bathroom was excellent. Quiet &amp; safe street and area.The service was impeccable. The hotels services &amp; dining room were very good.We highly recommend this hotel and on our next visit we will stay there.It was close to or easy to get to most of the best to see in London. Harrads was just up the street. Tube station a block away and a good bus route on Cromwell Road. Could walk to Buckingham Palace.It has a 24-hour desk, very important I feel.	
Aug 24 2009 	Disappointing	I chose this hotel as I wanted somewhere special to stay for our wedding anniversary. A 4 star hotel in London seemed ideal . But the Grange Strathmore turned out to be a real disappointment. The pictures on the website are very misleading as is the information about the rooms. When you enter the hotel, the first thing you see is a once-grand Victorian building now with wallpaper hanging off walls and threadbare carpets in the hall and lounge areas. We stayed in room 112 which is a very grand room with 3 huge Victorian windows and a balcony. This was supposedly a superior room but was actually a family room with 3 beds. Paying the extra money for a superior room, I had expected bathrobes and a huge bed, maybe some chocs or flowers as it was our anniversary. What we got was a very small double bed with the worst mattress in the world, I could feel the springs through the sheets. The decor in the room was nice and there was coffee and biscuits but the bathrooms really disappoint. On the website, they are described as marble. Well, in reality here is not one bit of marble in them. The floor tiles are cheap vinyl designed to look like marble,and the bath and shower look like they were installed in the 1980s. The wall tiles are cracked and the worktop badly fitted, not what I expect from a 4 star London hotel. My husband and I were kept awake by constant water flowing through pipes all night, so had to change rooms the next day, a real hassle. The new room was slightly smaller as was the bathroom and closer to the main road and therefore noisier. The mattress was just as lumpy as the previous one, not conducive to a good night's sleep.The staff are all foreign, clueless and not overly friendly. Not many smiles, they didn't appear to enjoy their jobs. When we checked in on Fri at 2pm, our room was not ready. We were kept hanging around with no explanation. Eventually, when I hassled the receptionist, she admitted there had been a fire in the hotel that morning and as a result, the cleaning schedule had got behind. Why not say so immediately? A little customer training is definitely in order here.On the Sat morning, we awoke to find no hot water. My husband went down to reception to complain and was told the boiler had broken down. He was not offered any compensation, it was only on checking out on the Sunday morning that I discovered other guests had been offered a free breakfast by way of apology. Nobody had offered this to us. I was angry and complained to the manager who eventually agreed to a discount of 20% off the cost of that night's accommodation. I was not satisfied with this as breakfast at the hotel costs around £22 per person, but eventually had to settle for a free bottle of wine instead. What a lot of hassle for what should have been a lovely romantic weekend. I would certainly not recommend this hotel to anyone. The only positives were the bar prices, small glass of wine £2.95, cheaper than local pubs, and the central location - very easy to get around, near the tube and buses and lovely buildings all around. Also close to Kensington Park.We ate out for breakfast due to the hotel's exorbitant food prices. Try the Met Bar along Gloucester Road, trendy, friendly and nice food, they also have all the day's newspapers available. For dinner, there is also a good Italian on Cromwell Road. For cakes to die for, the patisserie near the tube station is excellent.	
Aug 4 2009 	Nice place to stay	Nice small hotel in a silent backstreet near Gloucester road metro station (3 tube lines).We arrived late and even though our reservation consisted of two rooms only oneroom was free. The lady at the reception managed to arrange two extra beds for thefirst night. After that everything went fine. The staff was polite and helpful. There are many pubs and cafes nea, so if the breakfast (quite expensive) is not included in your reservation, you may have a short morning walk to Gloucester road. One of our room was in basement and the other on fifth floor. kensington park is only a few blocks away. Nottinghill and Postobello road are easily accessed by metro (two stops).	
Jul 30 2009	Love the building and location and that is it.	The Grange Stathmore Hotel is NOT a four star hotel. It was an adequate hotel at most. My daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights. We were assigned a twin room as part of our group. It was undoubtedly the SMALLEST hotel room I have ever had. My room was part of what was originally a large bay window. Our window was one of the sides of the bay, so the back wall had a pretty serious angle to it.. (Our friends-a mother and son- had the other side of the bay...and yes there as a room in between ours. It had to have been a single.) We traveled in carry on bags. I don't know how you could get a regular sized suitcase in the room, let alone open it. There was a narrow &quot;hall&quot;, with a small closet, inside which was a trouser press, and two small nightstands, which means you had to shimmy past them into the room. There was a VERY narrow path around the two small twin beds (pushed together, but sheeted separately), the path was almost unpassable at one point....barely calf width). Opposite the beds was a desk and an armoire (really in a room this small, are three nightstands and a desk really necessary?). Staying tidy in this room was crucial, if one thing was left laying out, it was unbearable. The room was so tiny the kettle, cups and coffee were in a tiny cabinet mounted above the desk. There was a decent tv on the desk and a fan. The fan was NOT optional. This hotel does not have air conditioning and even with the window open it was stifling. The fan worked reasonably well, but it took up the whole desk (minus the tv) and blew everything about. The rooms furnishings were fine, mid grade quality. The bedding was decent and attractive...though again in a room this small 3 decorative pillows per bed is excessive...where in the heck do you store them?The bath had maybe 2 1/2 feet square of floor space, which included the toilet. The shower was very small (you know the kind....soap the walls, spin and rinse), but the water pressure was good. The bath was clean and the amenities were well stocked and the towels were decent.The staff was friendly enough but varied between incompetent and indifferent. The concierge was NEVER at the desk. In the middle of my stay I received a bill under my door. I called down to the front desk to ask why? The gentleman who answered said he would find out and call me back. Well 30 minutes later, there is a knock on my door. It is 8:30pm. After a long day of touring I was in my jammies and watching tv. I thought it was our friends from down the hall so my daughter answers the door (oh yeah...no peephole). There stands the &quot;concierge&quot;. I was informed that I had not left a credit card when I checked in. No one ever asked for one. My bill at this point was a whopping 8 pounds, but at 8pm I had to change into clothes and go downstairs and give them a credit card. First, why did the concierge come to my room instead of calling me back? It was kind of creepy....not friendly. Secondly, could it not wait until morning at breakfast...I was with a group, I was not running away. Every time we asked for information or directions they had NO IDEA and had to ask three or four people and THEN it would still be wrong. I advised others in my group to skip the concierge step as it was useless. The breakfast staff was also hit or miss. There was one young lady with a &quot;trainee waitress&quot; badge on who was very sweet and helpful. The only other waitress in the room was brusque and not very friendly. When breakfast was ordered, they take your room number and then come back and tell you whether or not it is included in your rate. Every morning. Several in our group ordered full breakfasts only to be told 5 minutes later that it was not included in their meal. There HAS to be a better way to handle this procedure...maybe vouchers? The breakfast was very expensive if not included. We had the continental breakfast included. It cost 6 pounds extra for the full breakfast. On their own the continental breakfast was 18 pounds and the full breakfast (which includes the continental) was 24 pounds. Seriously? The continental included two or three pastry choices, toast, tea or coffee, cheeses, sliced meats, cereal and juice. That is it. 18 pounds. They cannot be serious.The elevator is very small and slow. Luckily we were on the second floor so we were able to walk up and down the steps (though after a long day it was a long way up). Those on higher floors would be annoyed for sure.All in all, I cannot recommend this hotel. It is too expensive and does not live up to its rating. If it were a two star hotel (maybe...a 3...a low 3) and were cheaper, I would stay again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Fantastic	I have until now stayed at 8-10 different 3and4* hotels in Kensington areas and this is absolutely the very best. The breakfest was great. The staff friendly. The room was clean and the bathroom new and clean. The neighbourhood very nice and close to the tube. I will for sure stay here again. Thank you for showing me that a London hotel can be nice;-)	
Jul 28 2009 	Faded Grandeur	Enjoyed my stay. Bedroom a bit cramped but well equipped and nice bathroom. Public rooms were impressive with ornate ceilings and covings, paintings, etc. but still managed to be cosy. Staff were pleasant and efficient. Breakfast was excellent - cooked to order but would be very expensive (23.95!) if not included in your package. Close to Gloucester Road tube, shops, restaurants, etc but down a side street so quiet. I would happily return.	
Jul 12 2009 	Comfortable with a great location	Booked it fairly last minute just looking for something close to Hyde Park. Room was huge with comfortable beds. Bathroom was a bit on the petite side though. Helpful staff - pleasant stay	
Jun 23 2009 	would not stay there again	The room size in this place was terrible, at least on the fifth floor where we were put. The bed was absolutely tiny for two people, and there was pretty much no room to even store our suitcases, and very inconvenient for hanging clothes, etc. To have this place as a four star is ridiculous! We also didn't appreciate the way the hotel made out that the rate was a certain price but in tiny letters pointed out that this was exclusive of VAT. Most of the staff we encountered seemed totally out of it and they had a very hard time understanding our reservation, which had involved booking an extra night - they still rang us on the morning of the second to last day to hassle us to leave! Service at breakfast was all over the place and many of the tables were tiny meaning you couldnt sit comfortably and there was no room for plates etc on the table. The continental breakfast was fine, but I would never consider paying 18 pounds for it if it wasn't included! There is no WIFI at this hotel and they charge 1pound for fifteen minutes for one computer. The location is good, but our room was noisy onto the street. It is quite nicely decorated but starting to get run down. Basically, this is OK as a three star hotel, if you don't suffer from claustrophobia, but no way as a four star and I would feel beyond ripped off paying the full price - wasn't too happy even at the reduced rate. Would not stay there again.	
May 18 2009 	Great hotel in great location	I had some doubts about the hotel before visiting, from earlier reviews, but there was nothing to worry about.I stayed in room 322 for 3 nights. It was plenty big enough, and the bathroom too, with both bath and shower. I hear that some of the rooms are smaller.The hotel is in a quiet side-street, but only 3 minutes walk from Gloucester Road underground station, near which are many shops and cafes. I breakfasted there, as I had read that hotel breakfast was £19 for just continental.Back to the room - Quiet. Firm bed with comfortable duvet. Satellite TV giving radio too. Tea/coffee-making facilities with goodies replaced daily (biscuits).I would definitely stay again.	
May 9 2009 	Pleasant Hotel Good value	Stayed here for a weekend break with my partner, specifically requested a room not in the basement as I had read bad reviews on here about those rooms. Our room was fantastic, on the very top floor with a fantastic view of Kensington. The room cost £150 for both of us for 2 nights, which was a great deal and included a continental breakfast, which was actually not as bad as I expected! Two favorite things with this hotel, the view over Kensington and the bed! So comfortable! Negatives? the lift was tiny, could at most fit 3 people but you can cope with that! Our room was also not ready when we arrived but that was quickly sorted! Great location as the gloucester road tube station is literally across the road and buses to notting hill are around the corner! Altogether a great hotel, brilliant value and I will certainly be returning in the future!	
May 5 2009 	Couldn't swing a mouse in the room let alone a cat!	Can’t fault the location as it’s very close to Gloucester Road tube, café, restaurants, bars and supermarkets. I booked via the hotel’s website and got a double room for £69 which included breakfast at the weekend but not during the week.The reception area was very cramped, staff were pretty much OK but the room was tiny. The only place I could open my suitcase was on the bed. The shower was so tiny I could barely move in it, anybody more generously proportioned would struggle (did make me wonder how my 6’2” rugby playing OH coped when he stayed a couple of weeks earlier!) Continental breakfast was buffet style and perfectly adequate but I ate at the café round the corner on the day my breakfast wasn’t included.If price is your main consideration then it’s a good deal for this part of town but if you like space I’d say stay over the road at Fraser Suites.	
Apr 27 2009 	The smallest bathroom in the known universe	My wife and I booked the Grange Strathmore for a two day break. When we got to our room we were a bit shocked at the size as it was so small and the bathroom was tiny. The staff were friendly and seemed to want to help but could not offer an alternative. We decided to put up with it but wished we hadn't. There is no air conditioning and the room, despite it being cool outside was to hot. Opening the window let in the sound of the noisy London traffic. Noisy neighbours also meant a disturbed night. The bathroom had a shower so small that when you got inside it you could not move your arms making it almost unusable. The breakfast was OK. It is a shame about the hotel because the location is excellent and the staff are fine but this is a classic example of two many rooms being crammed in and the price for such a pathetic space is a joke.	
Apr 1 2009 	No reason to complain - an enjoyable stay	My friend and I needed a place to stay for one night prior to a work event in London the following day, and our requirements were largely to find somewhere pleasant that wasn't going to cost the earth whilst also being fairly central for London so that we could make the most of being in the city on a Saturday night, where we were meeting up with other friends.Though some booking sites indicated we wouldn't get a breakfast as part of our fee, which was a special rate of £69 (far better than most other prices we were being quoted for a twin room at less than a week's notice), it turned out upon checking in that we would, and the continental breakfast was about as good as I've seen, with a selection of pastries, cereals, yoghurts, fruit salads and fruit juices, plus tea, coffee and toast as requested.That was one of the plus points of check in - a slight downside was that it took a little longer than expected to deal with the two groups in front of us (one of which was being told their room wasn't ready despite this being a good 30 minutes after advised check in time) and then when we came to be served, our receptionist walked off without warning and didn't come back for three or four minutes, but he was pleasant enough and we were in no rush so we didn't particularly mind. I think he was a bit rushed as he also forget to hand back my credit card, but luckily his colleague helped him out by returning it to me!As others have indicated, this probably isn't a hotel of 4* standard, but it certainly is no worse than 3*, as though the decor is starting to show signs of age (particularly the carpets), it has evidently been thoughtfully decorated to start with, and most of all, the hotel is very clean.The rooms (including en suite bathrooms which are purely a sink, toilet and shower) are all well kept and very clean, and we were pleased to find a Corby Trouser Press in the room as we needed to utilise this prior to our event the following day. The well sized TV provides all three Sky Sports channels, which is a bonus for people who want to catch any live games during their stay, and the lobby bar (which we didn't use) appeared to be showing sport for much of the time as we were passing.Some reviews have complained about the concierge regularly being away from his post, which amused us somewhat as we never normally need to make use of such a service while we're away, but the two men we saw manning the post seemed perennially busy, so it's probably unfair of other reviewers to have criticised them for being constantly on the go.The hotel is located in a lively area of Kensington - about three minutes away on foot from the nearest tube station (Gloucester Road) and its surrounds, which include a Tesco Express, several bars, and numerous takeaways/cafes. In spite of (or in addition to) this, the hotel itself sits on a quiet side street to keep noise levels to a minimum, and our room happened to overlook a typical inner London park, fenced in with trees and sitting areas, which made for a pleasant backdrop. The only noise during the night came from the fact that there was a little bit of a gap under our door and the fact that we were close to the lift. I'm sure this could be rectified by placing your baggage by the door - possibly a sensible move given that there isn't a great deal of room to place the bags anywhere else (based on the third floor twin room we occupied).The night we stayed, in late March, wasn't a particularly warm night, but the hotel itself was very warm. This was tempered by opening our bedroom window, and as we overlooked a quiet area, we didn't notice any undue noise from outside. This may, of course, be different if your room is on the front of the hotel.If I ever need to stay in this area of London again and need a reasonably well priced option, I would happily book here again, provided I had someone to split the cost with, as there are certainly cheaper single options if you look elsewhere.	
Mar 28 2009	Better than expected	My daughter and I stayed at this hotel recently on a Tuesday night, via the Show and Stay company, as we had booked tickets for a West End show with them. They had a wide choice of hotels but we chose this one as we were getting to London by coach and wanted somewhere fairly close to Victoria. We had read some good reviews about this hotel but also some poor ones but decided on this one due to its location.As it turned out the hotel was a little too far to walk to from the coach station so we walked to Victoria Station and caught the tube to Gloucester Road - the hotel is only a 5 minute walk from there just off the Cromwell Road. We got there about 3.30 pm and were checked in quickly and efficiently. Our room was downstairs (!) and was reached by stairs or lift. It wasn't huge but was spacious enough for us with a small but adequate en-suite (bath with shower, toilet &amp; sink - latter had no plug though!) The room had tea/coffee making facilities, tv &amp; hairdryer. The beds were comfortable and the room and bathroom were very clean. The only downside was that our room was close to an external store-room and the staff walked past our window - below pavement level - to place bags of dirty laundry there. However, as we were only staying one night it didn't bother us, though had we been staying longer it might have been more of a nuisance.Continental breakfast was included in our deal, though Full English was available too. The continental breakfast was ample with cereals, fruit salad, rolls, cheese, hams, toast, croissants, muffins and yoghurts. We checked out of our room in the morning but left our bags there for the day. Both Reception and Concierge staff were efficient and happy to help whenever we approached them.All in all we were very happy with our experience and would stay here again.	
Mar 5 2009 	average - not 4*	good location, quiet yet close to shops bars and tube.our room on 2nd floor was small. clean and nice though. modern bathroom of good size.tiny tiny lift. can only just about fit 2 people in it.the whole hotel could do with a lick of paint!breakfast was v.good, lots to choose from.staff were friendly...i'd recommend it for a short atay of a night or two	
Feb 16 2009 	Great hotel 	Booked this hotel last-minute through HRS - lucky to get a room as this was Valentine's weekend. Hotel is very well situated in a quiet side street just off Cromwell Road, very close to Gloucester Road tube station with excellent links to all major railway stations and London attractions. Check-in very swift and efficient. Room very well appointed, maybe a little small for our American cousins(!?) but clean and comfortable with tea &amp; coffee making facilities. Our room did have a bath but there appeared to be no way of plugging this, so was a glorified shower tray - assume this is to save water? Bathroom was a little cold as it has no double glazing/heating but bedroom warm as toast. Breakfast was adequate, we just had the Continental but full cooked is available. Booking though HRS got us a really good deal and included breakfast. Would definately recommend a stay here - we'll probably be back in June ourselves!	
Feb 4 2009 	ghastly!	This stay was a disaster from start to finish!We arrived, went to reception and were promptly told that even though our reservation email clearly stated that we were entitled to a continental breakfast on all 4 mornings of our stay, we would only be able to get breakfast on the Saturday because we had booked via the hotel website. We were not refunded for the breakfasts we did not receieve.When we got to our room we were sorely disappointed with the size and quality. We had to rearrange the room to navigate round the double bed, which took up most of the space (the dimensions of the room were approx 3x3.5m). The wardrobe was miniscule and only fitted about 6 items of clothing, plus the clothes rail was perpendicular to the wall, so it made it even more inconvenient to put anything in there. The other storage spaces were tiny and we really struggled to unpack. On top of this, the room was so small that there was nowhere we could store our empty suitcase until we rearranged the furniture.As this was a period building, there was no double glazing and the room was freezing. Even after putting the radiator on full, it only ever got lukewarm and the room never really warmed up. We stayed dressed snugly in order to keep warm and drank of tea, which was at least free.There was no safe or minibar and the internet was overpriced at Â£5 an hour, or Â£10 for 24 hours.The concierge was never at his desk (at least whenever we needed him) and it always difficult to find someone to attend to the downstairs bar.On our final day when we got the one of the four breakfasts we'd ordered when we reserved our room, we asked what the continental breakfast included. One of the waitresses informed us it consisted of an English Breakfast with tea/coffee and toast, so we ordered 2. The tea, coffee and toast arrived and we then waited 40 minutes for the rest of the food, which never made an appearance. We were then informed by a different waitress that the continental breakfast did not in fact include an English Breakfast and our food was not coming because the order had not gone through. By this point, we did not have time to order another English Breakfast because we had to check out before 11am to avoid being charged for another day and it was now gone 10am, so we just left to pack.The only good things we can recommend about this hotel are that it is centrally located, close to the tube and shops/restaurants. We also had a lovely cleaner, who cleaned the room very well, did not rearrange the furniture from our reconfiguration and when we returned, we found my fluffy toy dog, perched very cutely on a pillow in the middle of the bed, which made us smile. The room service was cheap and decent, but these few good points was not enough to overcome the many negative points about this nightmare of a hotel. We would not recommend this hotel to anyone and definitely put it at more 3* (at best) rather than the 4* it claims to be.	
Jan 25 2009	long weekend in london	excellent location,5 minute walk from gloucester rd tube.lovely old buiding in nice area.room small but clean and warm ,bed was really comfortable,no bath in our room-good shower,also a bit small. check in and check out was efficient.didn`t really use bar or restaurant faclities.short walk to V&amp;A,science and natural history museums and if feeling energetic can easily walk to city centre.tesco extra close for snacks and pub next to that was quite nice but sorry cannot remember it`s name	
Jan 15 2009 	What a wonderfull Hotel simply one of the best!	From the moment my mother and myself entered the hotel, we knew that it was right for us....this was very important to me as my mother is very elderly and comfort is upermost! We had booked a twin room for an overnight stay.... the room was clean, warm and very comfortable... We had a meal in the evening... and although the menu was not that extensive, the food that was served was nicely cooked and there was plenty of it. After spending a very quiet, comfortable night... in the morning took a shower, bags of hot water, lovely soft white towels to dry ourselves on, this was followed by a very good english breakfast before leaving the hotel... All the staff were extreemly nice and very polite... nothing was too much trouble for them..... we would go back there without a doubt... Very good value for money.	
Dec 19 2008 	Small you’re not kidding!	When I booked this room, I wasn’t expecting a lot as the offer was for a small room in London. The room was tiny, with a small single bed, a bathroom the size of a cupboard and paper thin walls. The room itself was clean and in good order, hotel staff were friendly but as I stayed over the Christmas period in a cheap hotel, the clientele left a lot to be desired and kept me awake most the night with drunken behaviour. I would never stay here again and reinforces the old saying ‘you get what you pay for’!!!	
Dec 7 2008	Friendly tiny and Tartan	Just needed a place to put our heads, so was looking for value rather than sumptuousness. Location is beautiful. I am biased, I find London the most stunning city, and the area this hotel is located in is one of the many reasons why I think so. The first impression of the hotel, walking in through the hallway down a long narrow corridor to the reception desk was - well is was Scottish.... tartan absolutely everywhere. The check-in was very friendly, if a little bit confused. They confused the names and genders of our party so that the men became Mrs and the women became Mr - it caused much hilarity during the check out process the next day.The rooms are truly tiny. You have to climb over the bed to get to the window, and there's barely room to open the shower door without falling into the toilet. But it was only a place to put our heads for the night, and for the price, it was adequate. It came as a shock when there was no hot water for the shower, but the hotel were quick to get this fixed.The bar had a nice buzz to it, with many of the hotel guests choosing to finish off their evening in there. The service was possibly the slowest bar service of all time - apparantly a shift change meant that we had to wait over an hour for a drink - although were weren't altogether sure why... and we weren't in any hurry.While it is probably the most calamatous hotel stay I've had in London, there was humour in the place as well as enough tartan to make me feel as if I was in the clutch of my forefathers, and for the rock bottom price we paid, at least the place was immensely friendly, clean, quiet and well located. I think it could become a quirky favourite of mine oddly enough.	
Oct 3 2008	Ok but does not realise its full potential (and it ain't 4 *)	This is part of the Grange Hotel chain and I had stayed in their City Grange hotel which was excellent. So although previous reviews indicate differing opinions I picked it for a Monday night stay as it was a good price for London (£70 approx room only). What irked me about the hotel is that it has it all going for it (great location, nice building) and yet they mess it up with drab, faded decor, disinterested staff who just seemed to listlessly hang around, and a grotty reception with damp patches and peeling wallpaper. Some attempts were made in the room to give it a 'luxurious' feel (an excess of satin cushions on top of the pillows) but then the extractor fan in the bathroom didn't work - and in a 4-person room I can foresee that being an issue. That said, I will keep trying this chain of hotels if their prices stay competitive.....but just take their 4* 'self-rating' with a pinch of salt.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great Hotel	Booked a two night theatre break through the hotel's own website. Got an excellent deal which I thought was great value for money. Hotel is in an excellent location just two minute walk from Gloucester Road tube station, lots of cafes close by and a Tesco express to get goodies for the train journey home!The room was very small but clean and the beds were very comfy. Not much room to walk around but as you just sleep here its okay. You should not be spending any time in your hotel anyway in London as its a fantastic city to see!Continental breakfast was included in our price which was great. You could have paid extra to get a full english. There was toast, cereals, danish pastries, crossiants, hams and cheese, fruit juice and tea and coffee.I would recommend this hotel for a weekend break. My friend and I hope to go back to London very soon for another theatre break and would definitely book this hotel again.	
Sep 17 2008 	Lovely bed!	Staff were great when we arrived, helped us with our luggage and gave us directions to the park our car. Hotel is in great location, two minutes or less from the tube and a short walk from the car park closest carpark at snazzy hotel round the corder.Tiny elevator up to our small room on the top floor, ok for 1 or 2 nights but would be difficult (and messy with all my stuff!) for more than that. Being on the top floor meant no noise from traffic but also very little natural light from the high windows, but minor complaint really as the overall decor was lovely and well thought out. I think 'cosy' is the operative word.The best thing was the bed. Down quilt, runners and the softest pillows, like getting in to a hug, dare I say it, more comfortable than my own bed which I rate highly! The hotel itself is beautiful, traditional interior and attentive staff.I'd also recommend the chip shop opposite the tube, great fish &amp; chips, lovely owner and just a short walk from the hotel, open until midnight for a short stop there before going back to the hotel after a night out.	
Aug 30 2008 	Nice hotel but forget an evening meal here	Stayed here mid June this year. The hotel is pretty close to the tube, and down a side street so nice and quiet, no traffic noise.We had a beautiful family room, lovely decor, and one of the comfiest beds I have ever slept in, it was divine. Had two great night sleeps!We had a meal here one night - I should have been suspicious that there was only US in the dining room, but you live and learn. It was terrible...and not cheap either. If it wasn't for the fact that the cost was met by a third party I would have sent it back and refused to pay.Breakfast was fine anyway - nice choice, we had continental which sufficed.Would I stay here again? Yes, but would definately eat elsewhere!	
Aug 28 2008	Liked this hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights in AugustThe location is excellent, only a couple of minutes walk to Gloucester Road tube station and the Natural history museum. Near the tube station there are a few shops, fast food places and a Starbucks, excellent if you missed breakfastThe location is also good for Earls Court if you are attending an event there, only one stop away on the tube or a nice stroll if you are feeling energeticCheck in was efficient and pleasant but be prepared for the lift which is really tiny. It says 'no more than 5 people' but in reality its only comfortable for 2 peopleWe stayed in room 211 which was the tiniest room you could imagine. The 2 single beds were pushed together because if they were not then you couldnt get in the room. The room was at the side of the building so was nice and quietThe beds were really comfy as were the pillows. The room didnt have a lot of storage space for clothes / cases so we were glad that we were only staying a short timeThe bathroom was tiny and had a nice showerReception on the TV was so bad it was unwatchableTea and coffee making are provided in the room I saw a few other rooms in the hotel where some of our friends were staying and some of the rooms were quite large with balconiesI found the staff pleasant and efficientOverall, I would recommend this hotel and would be quite happy to book it again	
Aug 27 2008	Good location	Stayed here for 2 nights recently for a concert at Earls Court. Hotel is about 5 minutes from the Gloucester Road Tube Station so very handy. Close to lots of eating places.Room was small for 2 people, but clean. Tea/Coffee facilities in small pull down cupboard beside the mirror and tv. We were out for a while one day and came back later in the afternoon, room hadnt been cleaned yet. We just asked for clean towels.Wasnt too impressed with breakfast either. Breakfast was included in one nights stay but not the second which was extra. About £16 for continental and £19 for cooked.There were lots of people at the bar after midnight, I gave up after 1:30am as I was tired, our room was on the 1st floor, but I didnt hear any noise from the bar.Would I stay here again?? Nope!! Would try elsewhere. It was clean and bed comfortable, but while it did for the stay, I wouldnt stay here again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Period Property	I stayed at the Grange Strathmore for a belated birthday and I was pleasantly surprised. Once I found the hotel ( the hotel numbers start at 39 and we hunted up and down for number 41,this was on the opposite side of the road and further up the street. The hotel sign was also covered by a pot plant.) we were welcomed by the concierge.The staff at reception and on the door were very helpful even pointing out places of interest and good eating venues.The room 211 was small but nicely decorated, however the smell of paint was off putting. The view was great and we slept with the window open and this was no problem as the side street was quiet.Would I stay again? yes. This hotel is reasonably priced, the pilows and bed comfortable and the hotel has character . I would recommend this as the loaction is great.	
Aug 20 2008 	Loved the Grange	Our family stayed at the Grange for a short vacation in London. After reading some of the reviews, I was a bit anxious, but our stay was fantastic. It succeeded all of our expectations. THE LOCATIONThe location was very central, yet quiet. The hotel is situated on a fairly quiet street, but is also very close to many restaurents and shops (Harrods is nearby) . It is also located very close to the Gloucester tube station. THE HOTELThe hotel itself is a restored London Townhouse. It has a very british ambience. The lobby is quite small but it very nicely decorated. There is a lounge/bar located next to the lobby which is very nice. There is lots of seating in the lounge, there is also a very nice fireplace and a beautiful chandelier. The bar has a 24h service. It is a nice place to sit and read the paper in the morning. The hotel looks exactly like the pictures seen on the website even maybe nicer. THE BREAKFAST A continental breakfast was included in our stay. It was nothing special but still ok. There was a variaty of breads and fruits. There was yogurt, fruit salad, cereal etc. THE SERVICEThe service was quite good. The check-in went smoothly and so did the check-out. The concierge was very helpful. It was our first time in London and he provided us with maps and useful information. THE ROOMWe were a large family, therefore we reserved a family bedroom. Wich consisted of a Queen bed and 2 single beds, we also had requested an extra bed (cot). The room was great, it was very large with very high seelings. It was very clean and nicely decorated. The beds were also fairly comfortable. The bathroom was clean but a little on the small side and could need a little updating. Overall we had a great stay and I would definitly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 2 2008 	Central but shabby	We stayed at the Grange Strathmore for two nights at the end of June 2008. The concierge was helpful, but the receptionists were unfortunately quite the opposite.Initially we were placed on the 5th floor but our room had been painted possibly that day, as the strong paint fumes were just too much to put up with. The receptionist did change our room but only after questioning the existence of the paint fumes. Both of the rooms we were given were very small and very hot, but functioned alright otherwise.The lift is also very small and is barely comfortble for two people &amp; luggage. We did get stuck in the lift half way between floors - i would definitely suggest usung the stairs in this hotel!	
Jun 25 2008 	Great Hotel	After much consideration and pricing.. I decided to book this hotel for my London trip. I abosolutly loved the hotel. The location was great, right around the corner from the metro stop. The area was very quite, so had no issue with traffic.The reception and concierge were helpful. The room was small, but simple and clean. I loved the deco. The elevator was a bit small but that was expected as I had already seen the reviews from here. The pictures shown on this site, is how the hotel looks. Im very satisfied with selecting this hotel and would recommend anybody who is traveling to or from the euro star or heathrow airport to stay in this hotel.	
Jun 19 2008 	Absolutely fine	Stayed one night on business and although twin room was very small and oddly shaped it was very clean and comfortable if a bit shabby in places. The staff were extremely efficient and helpful; the lift was broken when I visited but I was offered help to carry my bags up to the first floor. The hotel is in a very convenient location for both business and leisure. My room was on the front of the building overlooking the park with a huge floor to ceiling sash window which easily gave enough ventilation even on a very warm evening. It was also very quiet at night. Breakfast was not spectacular but had a good choice of the usual items. The dining room staff were very efficient and pleasant. Due to the size of the room, I don't think I would stay for more than a couple of nights but my experience overall was a very good, comfortable stay especially for the price and location.	
May 27 2008 	good location	Spent a couple of nights at the Strathmore Hotel - initially a bit disappointed as room was rather small and cramped but staff very helpful and moved us into a much larger room with a huge bed. Breakfast only continental but quite nice. Hotel very quiet no traffic noise at all through the night . Location excellent only 2 minutes from Gloucester Road tube station plenty of bars and restaurants nearby and a supermarket. Easy walk to Natural History &amp; Victoria &amp; Albert Museums, Albert Hall &amp; Hyde Park and Harrods all within a 10min easy stroll.	
May 17 2008 	Untrustworthy: cancelled our booking!	We booked a month in advance but the Grange Strathmore hotel, (near Gloucester Road tube station) cancelled our booking less than 24 hours before we arrived. As we were actually in transit when this happened we could well have been left without accommodation had it not been for prompt action on the part of family members.The cancellation was due to a &quot;misunderstanding&quot; but as they had had our booking for a month they must be fairly slow on the uptake and I am concerned that they may well do this to other travellers. Needless to say we shall not bother to use them again as they clearly do not value new customers.	
Jan 25 2008 	Overrated	Do not expect the luxury of a nowadays 4* hotel, in case you are used to 4* hotels. My opinion is that the hotel really needs to undergo a thourough renovation in order to deserve a 4* - label.The hotel breaths past glory.	
Nov 15 2007 	A good 3-star hotel	I don't know what criteria were used to rate hotels in the UK but this hotel does not deserved a 4-star rating. A good hotel but not an excellent one. A good 3-star hotel.The hotel reservation kiosk at Heathrow booked this hotel for us. We (three adults) paid GBP360 for three days stay. When we arrived, we were given a large room -- 4 single beds, attached bathroom and plenty of space left. That's a rarity in London for GBP120 a night. The beds were comfortable. The size of the bathroom was very small but I'm not complaining. There is a small cabinet where they stocked coffee, tea and cream. Extra duvets were provided in the closet as well as a &quot;thingy&quot; to press your trousers. Overall, the room is excellent and deserved a 3.5 out of 5 point. Let's face it - this is not Shangrila or Hilton!Breakfast in nothing to write home about. A few selection of bread, juices, ham and cereal. That's about it. I would give it 2 points. The lounge was very English-like. Beautiful and comfortable. 3.5 points here. Receptionist and other staffs were average - 2 points. Oh, one more thing -- Internet access will cost you an arm and leg!Would I stay here again? Of course I would but at the same rate paid -- GBP120 a night for the same room.	
Oct 23 2007 	errr ok. At least it's near the Tube.	Ok. Tiny elevator. Narrow halls. No airconditioning in the rooms and they are small. (At least I had a window with a view of the apartments accross the street.) I cannot deny that the property has character - but it strikes one as run-of-the-mill for the City of London.The check-in ladies were young, nice and pretty, that certainly helps =). I'm pretty sure they were from Eastern Europe. Breakfast was strictly a continental affair. If you're looking for a full American Breakfast this is certainly not the place to stay.	
Oct 4 2007 	Pretty Average For Central London	Billed as a beautifully restored Victorian townhouse, this Bayswater grand dame has had her innards ripped out and the men with measuring tapes have crawled over her seeking to cram in as many rooms as she can manage. The impressive entrance (though the red carpet never would pass muster with HM The Queen) and reception offer more than is delivered. Despite the refurb, there is then a curious uphill and down dale approach to most rooms. I had booked a double but it turned out to be two twins (not very well) pushed together -and in the basement. I finally ended up in a double on the second floor. Despite that, half the window was taken up with the top of the lower floor balcony. The room was &quot;compact&quot; but still incorporated another half flight of stairs up to the bed. You might think you were entering some grand suite but I think it was more to do with laying in more rooms below. The showerroom/WC was modern and fresh but not ideal to be tripping up or down 6 steps in the middle of the night. There was space either side of the bed for a slimmish adult -just. Flat screen TV sure but mainly so it could be pinned to the wall is my guess. Noise pollution is a problem: a guy in one room on his phone and a couple chatting gave unwelcome commentary to my stay. The next room's shower running was echoed LOUDLY through the ventilation grille.Breakfast at a supplement is served in a bright but again cramped breakfast room - again in the basement. My tea was stewed, the OJ was watered and the trad English breakfast was a bit of an embarassment not least given the number of non-UK guests thinking they were getting a Brideshead brekkie! Check your bill - mine had £60 of calls to France on it made when I was at dinner across the City. Best thing about the hotel: within walking distance of the Tube stop at Queensway.	
Aug 20 2007 	Large Comfortable room	Satyed in room 216 for 1 night. The room was huge 1 double bed 2 single beds &amp; s sofa bed.for Myself My mother &amp; my daughter.(age 5). Tea/coffee making facilites &amp; pleanty of milk &amp; t bags. Bathroom clean &amp; had necessary shampoo / body wash/ soap.ect. I dont think I have stayed ina room with such high ceilings before.The breakfasts we thought v expensive £19.00 Continental£22.00 English.So we went to the cafe opposite the Tube station ( 2 min walk) &amp; had breakfast for all three of us for £18.00.Good location near the museums/tube/buss routes.Booked thru lastminute.com for £145.00 for the room only.	
Jul 14 2007	Great - request room 211	The trip started off a bit shady, we were given a room and thought - wonderful, on the 3rd floor. Then we got in and - oh dear, there seemed to be a suitcase in it......so called reception asking whats going on. They apologised and said they will give us another room. We stood half outside our room and saw a concierge/room service guy walking past who was very helpful. Got us keys to another room and it was a nice room, but it had twin beds and not a double which is what we had requested. Got moved yet again to room 211 - now having read reviews we were a bit anxious - however this room was huge and lovely. Bit strange how when in the bathroom the walls are pretty thin, but hey it was a decent place with a decent price.	
Jun 25 2007 	mixed bag of good and bad	let me start with the followingt: THIS IS LONDON! A 150qm appartment in the same street ( +-1500 sqft) unfurnished rents out at like 1700-2000 GBP... per week. - we were there with several people, and the roomsizes are indeed very different. we asked for an alternative after we were checked into something very small, and they really made an effort and also succeeded. (wonder why they don t sell by siye, xs, s,m,l,xl,xxl)- service personal seems a bit chaotic at times, but again, friendly and mostly ok- bar is comfy, however wine selection is very limited (guess not as important to everyone as for me...)- for me hotel needs a better managment, better leadership of the personal (willing they are), and some transpartency on the rooms- i read in other reviews that this is 4*, well i did not know and descibed it to colleagues as &quot;a good 3* hotel&quot;bottomline:plus:location-location-locationgreat bedsfriendly service (not at first sight...)bathroom sizesvalue for money for londonminus:heterogene roomsoverheated (in june!)choice at bar	
May 24 2007 	Not a good choice!	This hotel should have never been given 4*!They charge you for one but then put you to the BASEMENT yes BASEMENT! In the 007 Room there is no window! Room 005 overlooks....linen room with some poor Eastern European guy sitting in cold!The receptionists are trying to be nice but they seem to be extremely stressed and I even heard the manager telling them off for some little thing!Obviously some management issues going on there plus the whole hotel needs shutting down, cleaning, repainting and shouldnt charge anybody for staying in it!	
Feb 26 2007 	Would not stay here again	Shabby, small entrance. Only 1 lift and only takes 3 people max. Building work going on at side of hotel- drilling and banging from 9am to 5pm. A very small room, bathroom and wardrobe- only just adequate for a 3 night stay. No air con, whole hotel is uncomfortably hot. Around 8 uncleared tables at breakfast each day- had to wait for table to be cleared every day. Continental breakfast left out for 3 hours, yoghurts, milk, ham, cheese etc not chilled. Only positive was the pleasant staff and good location. Certainly not a 4 star hotel. For the money much better options in London.	
Jan 25 2007	Adequate - but many flaws	This hotel is sufficient for a couple of nights stay in a very good location in Kensington. But, there are many aspects that, with their pros and cons, end up at best average.The rooms are quite pleasant: surprisingly quiet, and the bed was extremely comfortable. But, the rooms are incredibly small - barely enough room to shuffle around the bed.The breakfast was poor - very few choices, and the room, while very elegant, had dirty tables and most weren't even laid out with cutlery.All in all: good location, but the whole hotel is rather tatty. Can do a whole lot better.	
Dec 3 2006 	Would not stay here ever again	Good things first...yes there are a few! The location was excellent, the staff were all pleasant ...and the beds were clean and comfortable.BUT....the room was tiny and to get to the other side of the room I had to crawl over the beds...fortunately we only had small bags with us....I do not know how any couple could have stored two suitcases in our room...it even puzzles me how you could get them into the room!Our television did not receive channels 3 and 4...they tried to fix it but no joy. The room decor was tired and in bad need of redecorating.The breakfast ...ours was continental...was uninspiring..the fruit salad was weird .. a peculiar taste. It took the staff for ever to offer tea or coffee...they seemed to do a lot of walking about but achieved nothing.We definitely would not stay here again.	
Sep 16 2006 	The Grange Strathmore was spot on!	The Grange Strathmore is a lovely hotel in Kensington amidst stately georgian townhouses. It was located off a very busy thoroughfare but the actually street was fairly quiet. Very close to markets, eateries and the tube station plus a stop for the Big Bus Tour Company. The room was small by (american) standards but nicely appointed (tea and coffee in the room) with a lovely bathroom (both cleaned and tidied daily). The decor was traditional and in spots a little worn but this just added to its charm. Breakfast was either traditional english or continental . We had the continental buffet daily and there was ample selection and the fruits and breads were refilled often. The wait staff was very nice and efficient. Concierge service was great and the staff was very helpful in obtaining us cars or cabs for early morning travel. We had never stayed in a 4* hotel before and were so pleased. With it's combination of great staff, great location, value and charm, would we stay there again, You Bet. Would we recommend it to friends, You Bet.	
Aug 26 2006 	Liked the Grange Strathmore	I have stayed at the Grange Strathmore twice now and liked it. The first time was in late July when Heathrow airport's hotel service booked me into it unexpectedly after bad weather across the Atlantic caused me to miss a connecting flight. Just about every hotel in central London was filled, so I definitely did not expect much. I was tired, stressed and in a bad frame of mind. To my surprise, the hotel was very nice. It is in a good, safe, central location near an underground station with plenty of taxis available also. The staff - mostly eastern european - was professional, but friendly and the concierge team was helpful and very knowlegable. It is just off the busy Cromwell Road which is lined by lots of other hotels - rooms overlooking it must be very noisey. This hotel is blessedly quiet. I had always tried to avoid the area in the past out of some sense of misplaced snobbery. I see now that I should have looked into it more closely.There is a pretty good variety of places to eat or find food nearby, including a good Thai restaurant, some pubs and fast food restaurants. There is even a 24 hour Tasco market where, if you prefer, you can pick up food to take back to the hotel to eat. The first room we had overlooked a lovely private square, Queens Gate Gardens - definitely ask for a garden view room. The rooms here are smallish, but clean and comfortable with baths of a good size. I stayed in a similarly sized room at an upscale boutique hotel in Knightsbridge three years ago. The Grange Strathmore included a nice continental breakfast - be sure to ask for it to be included - served nicely in its very English dining room. Cooked English breakfasts were also offered, but in my judgement not the best I have had. Try Fortnum and Mason's for a really top flight English breakfast before you shop there for teas and goodies to take home with you. What I liked especially about this hotel is that it felt British. It was not full of people like me, American Tourists. (Except for the woman wearing shorts with giant flowers on them - what was she thinking? She looked as if she should have been in her garden, not in one of the world's most sophisticated cities.) The hotel seemed to attract a more international visitor. I noticed people from Australia, New Zealand, China, Europe, the Middle East, a scholarly professor from Africa and of course guests from Great Britain. One man told me that he had come up from southern England with his wife just to see the play Chicago.I like a hotel that feels a bit like the country it's in, it enhances my travel experience, but that may not be the case for everyone. This hotel does have smallish rooms, a set of steep front steps - many others in the area do too - and no air conditioning, but I liked it enough to book it again on my trip back through London on the way home.	
Aug 16 2006	Showed up and had no reservation!	Booked through Orbitz. When we showed up around 8pm on the day of our arrival-we were surprised to find out that ORbitz's travel agent had switched us to another hotel completely. Without notifying me first! The sent the hotel a fax the day of our arrival negating to notify me at all. It would have been fine had it been a comparable switch but, the new hotel was quite a difference and no one pick up the cost of the transfer and additional cost to Heathrow in the morning since there was no handicap Tube station for my traveling companion. It was a terrible surprise considering I had a confirmation from Orbitz! No where on Orbitz's website do the state that they can switch you to another hotel! the Hotel staff was little to no help. I would have never foudn out I had a room at another hotel unless I pushed to speak to the Manager. Which by the way, There was no Manager on site at all in the evening! The hotel looked lovely from the receptoin area and it was close to sites and the Tube station.	
Jul 7 2006	Excellent Hotel Great Location	I booked into this hotel at the last minute after missing a train home from London Victoria. Although the room was small the hotel service and prices were of a good standard, and unlike other hotels of this price range the building had character.	
Jun 25 2006	take care when staying at this hotel	This Hotel is rated as &quot;four stars&quot; and I have applied the Common Standardsfor Guest Accommodation &quot;CSGA&quot; July 2005.Here we dwell on the negative. However, the hotel location is excellent. The public areas excellent. The breakfast staff and service very good. Security is very good with CCTV and concierge.The room allocated to us on check in was Room 003 is in the basement under the bar/lounge and front entrance with late arrival noise. At 2.30 a.m. late arrivals cause loud door bangs much the same as some London Travelodges! The hotel is proud of its heritage, however, the ceilings are heritage and therefore you need to be a heavy sleeper to rest in this room! It is not clear if sufficient effort was made to sound proof on conversion to a 4 star hotel. This room needs a noise advisement on checkin/booking. Unable to book a room at the hotel directly with Grange online [no availability] we were able to instantly book with a discount site.Similar to our other stays at 4 star grange hotels the continental breakfast, though well served and roomed, is dull and appears not to vary over Grange hotels in food content or over time. Any Japanese guest will be very disappointed and we suggest go to &quot;Paul&quot; in Gloucester Road! Disappointing product selection compared to UK competitors.Room 003 is large with sofa. Cupboard space is minimal. There is no room safe unlike the Cumberland that was a very quiet place to stay. The Grange hotels feedback form was absent from the inroom information folder. At check out the receptionist failed to enquiry whether we were satisfied with our stay at any time.We raised several issues at the of the check out process. The bathroom had a black mould above the shower/bath and a simple extractor fan test indicted no extraction and if anything a slight inflow. This is a serious matter in any hotel see England Building Regulations &amp; CSGA 2.1.2, 2.5,2.5.5 e.g. 2.5, bathroom/WC: properly ventilated room. The mould appears to have been there for some time. This reason alone requires a terrible rating, at this level for this brand.We requested a customer feedback form at checkout which was provided and explained our concerns on departure. It would help raise the quality of service if staff knew their hotel and thorough room checks were carried out by someone with appropriate knowledge.However, for the price we paid this visit was good value for a heavy sleeper. However, Granges's 5 star hotels offer an excellent alternative and competitors, even at a 3 star level, in London provide a better overall experience and breakfast foods. This hotel has serious issues that need addressing that might include staff training and a careful read of Common Standards for Guest Accommodation.We could add more comments but will leave it here.Would we pay full rack price for this hotel: NeverWill we return to that hotel? NoDo we recommend the hotel? Only if there is no Grange/ competitor alternative.Checkin: 24 JuneI nightDouble room [inc continental breakfast]Price paid:75 GBPJerry &amp; Miyoko[In all our reviews Miyoko comments from a Japanese standpoint and Jerry from an English one]	
Mar 30 2006	Hated it!	My two daughters and I stayed in a cramped room in the basement of the hotel across from the public bathroom. Staff was unfriendly and unaccommating. The continental breakfast was OK, but not great. The was a charge for internet use (the hotels we stayed in Prague and in Rome had free internet use). This hotel was more expensive than either Prague or Rome and was not nearly as nice.	
Feb 27 2006 	Will never stay here again	I booked my room about two months in advance taking them up on their offer of a special exhibitors rate (£80)as I was exhibiting at a trade fair at Olympia. I got less than what I paid for. After a long drive down from Scotland we arrived around one o'clock in the morning. We then arrived at our room on the fourth floor and were absolutely appalled. It must be the same room the couple from Bath stayed in during December. It was tiny. There was just enough room for the double bed with a pathway to walk around it. With our bags in the room my husband had to walk over the bed to open the room which was overheated with no way to turn off the radiator. The bathroom was miniscule with only a shower. We immediately went downstairs to request another room but were told none were available that night. And though the staff were apologetic and nice enough, they all had knowing looks about the size of the room. They offered to move us to a larger room the next night, but by that time we were determined to check out. The whole downstairs area smelled of cigarette smoke, and although our room was non-smoking the smell of cigarettes drifted under the door and fouled the air all night long. I am particularly aggrieved at this as my exhibiting at the trade fair is a regular twice a year event for me and I could not believe they would shunt me into their worst room and then expect to get repeat business from me. I spent the best part of the night and then early morning finding myself a new hotel to check into. I will never again patronise this hotel or any of its affiliates.	
Dec 7 2005	Great location - avoid the basement	My wife and I stayed at the Strathmore for 4 nights early December 2005. The hotel is almost worth its price for its location alone: in a quiet and attractive street, but just 2 minutes' walk from Gloucester Road tube station. The staff were courteous and efficient - two problems in the bathroom were fixed efficiently and with a smile. The room was tiny (as you can expect in London), but there was enough storage space so we didn't have to live out of our suitcases. Unfortunately our room was located in the &quot;lower ground floor&quot; (i.e. the basement) with only a tiny window that gave out on what looked like a disused service stairwell. It was difficult to get enough fresh air into the room at night - I certainly should not like to stay there in the summer. We did not use the restaurant because breakfast was expensive (tip: there is a very good breakfast place just opposite Gloucester Rd tube) and in a culinary paradise like London you wouldn't want to have dinner at your hotel. The room rate seemed reasonable at £102/night on average for 2 weekday and 2 weekend nights.Conclusion: nice hotel, excellent location, just make sure that you stay &quot;above ground&quot; when you book a room.	
Dec 4 2005 	Tiny rooms	My wife and I stayed at the Strathmore for 2 nights on a recent trip to London. My advice is avoid thi place at all costs. The room we were given is the smallest I have ever stayed in. They could just get a double bed in room, but little else. The bathroom was proportionately small too! All the fittings and furniture in the room were of low quality and poorly fitted (door wouldn't lock, etc.). The room was also uncomfortably hot, even with the heating off, the window open... and this was Decemember, so it must be truly bad during the summer. The food at the hotel was terribly, but luckily there were plenty of restaurants and cafes nearby.The good points about the hotel were the cost (it was cheap for London), the location, and the staff (who were friendly and efficient). However, these cannot overcome the problems with the hotel. For the money it is probably better to go for a modern hotel in a slightly less central location. Overall the hotel is quite run-down and in need of refurbishment.	
Nov 29 2005	On the Street Where She Lives	My daughter and I spent three nights at the Grange Strathmore this past weekend. We found it just what we wanted. We were looking for a hotel that was &quot;movie&quot; old London. We fell in love with a picture of it and were not disappointed in either the hotel or the surrounding neighborhood. It reminded both of us of &quot;My Fair Lady&quot;.Also, our room was quite spacious with not only two twin beds but a king size bed also. The library/bar was gorgeous and the dining room (and the food) quite satisfactory.It was very convenient for walking to museums. A visit to Harrods was a bit farther but not that difficult for walking. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Nov 16 2005	Pleasant surprise	Since my wife is employed by a major airline we get to fly for free - but on a stand-by basis. We were planning a two night stay in London with reservations at the Strand Palace, but because of full planes we found ourselves leaving the U.S. one day earlier than planned and arriving in London without a place to stay for our first night. At Gatwick airport we came upon a booth offering to make hotel reservations. We asked if they could help us and we were asked in which part of London we would like to stay. My wife had wanted to visit Harrod's department store so I asked for something near there. The attendant telephoned the Stratmor, negotiated a price and we said OK with a lot of faith and concern. After taking the Gatwick Express to Victoria Station we purchased tickets on the Big Bus Tour because it had a stop at the Baden-Powell House and I thought the hotel would be within walking distance from there. We had planned to go on the Big Bus Tour anyway and found that we were able to get the winter rate which gave us 48 house of use instead of the summer 24 hours of usage. Upon arrival at the Baden-Powell stop we went inside and inquired how to get to this hotel's address. It was only 1/2 block one way and then 1/4 block down a side street! The hotel turned out to be very pleasant. The room, bath, and bed were very clean and nice - but small as most hotel rooms in England and Europe are unless you go 5 star. That evening we walked to Harrod's past two museums, the Albert/Victoria and the natural history. It took us about 10 minutes walking one way. The next morning we hopped on the Big Bus and continued on the tour to a stop near the hotel where we had previously made reservations. The cost for one night was about $140 which was probably too much and could be had for less with some shopping for advance reservations but we slept in a safe, clean place near Harrod's. We would probably not stay there again, only because it was too far away from the sites we came to London to see.	
Oct 24 2005	We would choose the earl’s mansion again	I stayed at the Grange Strathmore with my girl friend from the 16. to the 20. of October 2005. I booked the standard room on the internet for about 160.00 USD per night, including breakfast buffet. Since this was my first trip to London, I had to rely solely on the information I found on the internet. I wanted a hotel somewhere in the South Kensington area, close to an underground station. The Grange Strathmore is a short walk away from the Gloucester Road Station, from where the Piccadilly line takes you directly to Heathrow airport in about 40 minutes (one way costs 3.80 Pounds per person). Upon arrival at the hotel, we were welcomed by friendly staff at the reception, they had my reservation at hand and we checked in without problems. Our room was on the second floor at the end of the corridor. (the hotel has a lift, so no problems with the luggage). The whole hotel was very nicely furnished and decorated in the typical old English style (there were beautiful fresh flowers almost every day at the entrance). Our room was no exception, very nice furniture and a nice looking bathroom. You could see right away, that the hotel was renovated just a short time ago. The room was very small (but I guess this is normal in London), had a coffee maker with plenty of tea, sugar, milk and coffee. The bathroom was not very big either, but hat a full size bathtub. The only problem was the toilet flush, that worked very poorly (it took several tries to get just a little bit of water running). The room service was good, the room was always clean and the newspaper (The Daily Telegraph) was in front of the door very early every morning. There was no safe in the room and no internet access but a nice size TV with plenty of channels. Since the hotel is not on a very busy street, the room was rather quiet, even with an open window (there was a heating that worked very well too). The breakfast was nice too, the buffet had about everything from different juices, cereals, yoghurts, bread, cheese, and cold meat. So all in all we had a very pleasant stay in a nice hotel that appeals probably the most by it’s beautiful authentic British style, fit for an earl and his guests.	
Oct 19 2005	slam judder judder	Requested a quiet room - booking via laterooms for one night at £60 inc breakfast.On checking in the desk assistant rather indiscreetly quoted the rate and insisted on charging in advance. First room was very small &amp; noisy as it was close to a busy road. Asked to move - and this was granted, slowly, but with courtesy. The next room was in the basement, bigger and apparently quieter (see below) although very smokey, but too tired to move again so took it. In the end got little sleep due to a door just outside the room slamming and juddering every few minutes - think this was a gents toilet along the corridor.Breakfast was buffet and adequate. There was a nice bar but it was small and full of smoke so we didn't spend any time in there, just looked in. There are better deals to be had in London - I'd say e.g. the Buckingham, also a Grange Hotel, is nicer for about the same price.But if you are a non-claustrophobic, tartan carpet loving, hard of hearing chain smoker you'll be happy at the Strathmore.	
Mar 24 2005	Great location	We always stay at the Grange Strathmore whenever we visit London. It is in an excellent location in Kensington, close to tube stations and Kensington Gardens, with great local amenities. The rooms are clean and tidy and the staff are very helpful and friendly.	
Sep 16 2004	Smallest Room I've Ever Stayed In		
Jul 24 2004	left after one night		
Jun 29 2004	family rooms are lovely		
Jun 22 2004	OK But not what I expected from the pictures		
May 30 2004	Its a Little Treasure in Kensington		
Apr 21 2004	perfectly adequate		
Mar 17 2004	It's got a helluva bathroom and a great location.		
Dec 28 2003	Not impressed		
Oct 31 2003	Shabby at the price		
Jun 5 2003	Location location location -- and that's it		
Sep 30 2009 	Muy recomendable		
Aug 27 2009 	<<		
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent hôtel pour Londres où le choix est limité		
Jan 11 2009 	Superbe hôtel		
