Oct 13 2009 	Excellent	Excepting the area(railway, site constructions etc) everything else is great. The apartment was fresh, clean and well equippet. 10 min from the building we had shops, restaurants and the tube station is quite close.The girls from the front desk are incredibly nice, funny and extremly helpfull, they gave us all the information what we needed. We will definitley stay again and recomand to our friends.	
Sep 28 2009 	Average	The price is relatively cheap - but there is a reason for this and as long as you appreciate that I dont think theres a problem booking this place. 1. the location - stratford is and will for some time be a building site. and the building doesnt seem to stop for a second, weekends, overnight - they will continue to drill - next to your room. 2. Olympic view = View of what will be the Olympic village once theyve finished building it. For now its 'Crane View'3. As with most of the Marlin apartments the service leaves little to be desired. 4. Its pathologically hot the only way to cool down is open the window - as if the drilling wasnt loud enough..... 5. For some reason they need to take a whacking deposit - not a preauthorisation but they actually take 200 from you...i found this to be a little odd.6. Oh and the bed is one of those split into 2 and pushed together type ones which I hate, but most people dont seem to notice. On the Upside they have parking (which you need to book)Broadband is freetheres a decent kitchen, bathroom TV DVD playerIn summary it looks like all the other MArlin apartments and its reasonably priced.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great hotel!	I will definanlty stay here again.After reading some of the reviews here I was in two minds about booking this place. But I bite the bullet and did it anyway. And I dont regret it. Its a nice new and clean hotel and it makes a nice change from a hotel room with nothing but a bed in it!When we arrived it was raining after trying the code we were given the gate still refused to open other people arrived who were also staying at the hotel and their fob keys were not working. We called reception and discovered that when it rains the gate needs to be pushed really hard and it will open! Check in was easy I already knew about the £200 security deposit it was in the emails etc I was sent. I have also stayed in premier apartments in Birmingham and Nottingham and they do the same thing. I had requested a quiet room and our room faced the carpark so i didnt hear any trains and we were on the first floor. The rooms can get warm maybe putting fans in the rooms might help.The room itself was nice and clean a really good size for the two of us everything was new the bathroom was a really good size. The internet does not connect via wireless but you get a USB cable in the room so you can just plug in instead. The area is not great but there are lots of shops and takeout places and a Morrison supermarket about 4mins walk down the road.All in all I really enjoyed my stay and I will stay here again.	
Jul 31 2009 	BAD review and service apartement!	After all the experience, problem and complain.. the value of the money is not compare with the service.. there is no olimpic view at all! u'll get the railwail view complete with the noisy every 15 minutes, haha.. the water is stop running several times.. no air conditioner.. costumer service is very UNPOLITE.. didn't recomended, don't stay here!!And after all the holiday things, i give my notice and complain to the hotel customer service on line at the web site, but they DIDN'T RESPONDE AT ALL!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Not returning	I booked a one bedroom apartment (4th floor) through Saco Apartments as my company has an account. The email confirmation upon booking did not mention the requirement to pre-book parking. On arrival at the secure gate I had a long discussion over the intercom regarding the parking of my car. As I hadn't booked a space and there were none available for two weeks, she said I had to park on the street, which is all permit parking! In the end she backed down and allowed me to park on the entry road.The apartment is not immacuate, but fine for business use. The broadband was ok. Nice large bathroom.No hair-dryer, double bed is two singles strapped together.Biggest problem for me was the constant trains right outside, which led to sleepless nights as it was too hot to close the windows. Also the area was intimidating for a lone female particularly at night. There are very few places to eat out locally.	
Jul 11 2009	Great apartments if you can tolerate the downsides...	First let's get the bad bits out the way. Those used to being welcomed into hotels as a valued guest are in for a rude awakening here. The girl on the desk seems is more akin to a bouncer than a receptionist - she would clearly prefer NOT to let you in unless you stump up the £200 deposit, photo ID and (worryingly) a photocopy of your credit card!Next the location - bang slap by the main line out of Liverpool Street - train spotters will not need to bring their binoculars, and the walk from Stratford station makes Mean Streets look like a stroll in the park as you run the gauntlet of glowering 'yutes' and their weapon dogs - arrive on foot after dark at your peril.BUT... the Apartment itself was excellent, very good size, decent furniture, comfy bed and even the kitchen and bathroom were fine. 3 times the space of a hotel room for less money with the big discount through lastminute.com.A Curate's Egg - good in parts.	
Jun 18 2009 	Nice...but not that nice - be warned as you are charged £200 deposit	We stayed here as it was the closet to the 02 arena and the price was reasonable, that was until we found out that they take £200 deposit and hold it for 7 days, I was even more shocked when I got my bank statement and found they had taken £250 even though my receipt said £200! I'm very dubious about this place so be warned.The area is ok, have seen much worse!! The apartment is great besides the fact you have a railway that runs all night and if its a hot night you wont sleep as the noise is too much.	
May 29 2009 	Bad Location. Nice Apartments.	Stayed here from April 15- 17th 2009. I chose this apartment because it looked really luxrious from the website and it was cheaper than its other apartments in the main city too. But I was disappointed with my overall stay.It was located far away from the main city area and directions on how to get there were weak as well. It was secluded and hidden away far behind some other buildings. The rooms were tiny and smelt bad. They were all newly renovated but pictures sure can lie. Furthermore, the largest complain I have would be the internet connection. We had 3 laptops and the only way we could connect to the internet would be via a broadband cable meaning only 1 laptop could be used at a time. Being close to the railway tracks, the entire building would rock whenever a train passes it. Service could have been better as several times, the receptionist would be away from the desk. I would not recommend this apartment unless you're looking for cheap long term accommodation.	
May 28 2009 	Fabulous room terrible location.	Stayed in immaculate studio apartment for two nights. The nearby Stratford Station (interchange) accommodates several different road, light rail, underground and regular train services - the latter pass by the apartment at amazingly regular intervals and are quite noisy (particularly since my apartment directly overlooked the rail line). This, combined with the absolutely dismal complementary internet, make it an extremely unsuitable place for those who need to concentrate whilst working online.Also, I found the local area completely uninspiring and actually rather depressing; this is a subjective observation (of course), but guests expecting the charm and personality of Central London may well be disappointed with their surroundings. Didn't realise exactly how far out of the city it actually was; area is undergoing major construction works for the 2012 Olympics and is quite bare and stark.	
May 16 2009 	Great accomodation nice apartment	I have just spent two days in Marlin apartment Olympic view in Stratford and I have been really impressed with the accomodation. I have booked a one bedroom apartment and I requested not to have one overlooking the rail track (one previous review mentioned it was noisy!), which I obtained! The apartment was nice, clean with a big bathroom, a fully equiped kitchen with all you need to cook (no corkscrew though!). Everything stated in the advertisement was there: hair dryer, free internet access, DVD player, Freeview, bathroom towels... The bedroom was separated from the main living area by sliding doors. Bed was really comfortable and overall, it was really quiet. The location is not so bad, it takes only 5-10min walk from Stratford station and it is really easy to find. There is a shopping center just opposite the station, with a Sainsburys open till 10pm, ideal for some late food shopping. I have stayed in various hotels in central London, more expensive and less spacious...I will definitely come back and recommend this hotel, it was perfect!	
Mar 9 2009 	Perfect Accommodation	My girlfriend and I recently spent a couple of days in London, and booked the two nights in the Marlin Apartments. All I can say is WOW!!Due to unforseen circumstances, we arrived at the complex very late on the night of check in. Because of roadworks taking place in the main street we were unable to find the complex, so I rang the company's duty concierge, who gave me the number for the Stratford concierge.After a few minutes' on the phone to the concierge at Olympic View, he actually came out to where we were parked and directed us right into the complex car park, after which point we checked into the apartment.The actual apartment itself was absolutely perfect in every possible way. The living room was perfectly sized and had a fully-equipped kitchen in the corner. In that kitchen we had full cooking facilities (including microwave) as well as a very good sized fridge and a dishwasher. The bedroom came with a good sized double bed and ample storage space. The bathroom was also beautifully finished.The apartment is located within 5-10 minutes walk to Stratford tube station, from which you can reach the City Centre within half an hour. Also, there is a shopping centre within five minutes walk which includes a well-stocked supermarket.When we were checking out on the Saturday morning the receptionist was on the phone and, by the sound of it, being every bit as helpful to the person at the other end as the night concierge had been with us. I have stayed in a good many hotels up and down the UK over the years and have rarely stayed in a complex that's as well laid out, or with such helpful staff. 10/10 all round! We booked this room using lastminute.com, so I can't make too much comment on the price since I didn't pay the full going rate. However, I'd be surprised if you could get a comparative apartment anywhere else without paying a lot more.	
Jan 18 2009 	Good apartments bad internet and staff	I was lucky enough to stay on the top floor with what must have been the biggest balcony in the building all to myself (on the corner closest to the bridge) - the view across London was great.I'll keep my review brief:Good: apartments themselves. Well furnished, spotless when I got there, well equiped and the beds are seriously comfy. Location in relation to the tube (within a couple of hundreds yards). Little shopping centre nearby.Bad: Staff - very awkward to talk to. The internet, or lack thereof. The rat traps.If you're purely after somewhere to stay that is nice I'd be happy to recommend this place to you ... you might want to look elsewhere though if service is a deal breaker for you.	
Jan 17 2009 	Worst experience ever	I was there for 2 weeks on business. During those two weeks the internet connection was nonexistent, and I was not warned when I was booked. In fact, the website still says internet being offered.Every day that I inquired I was told that it would be fixed &quot;tomorrow&quot; or &quot;day after&quot;. As a business traveler I had booked the place as it offered internet, which I vitally needed for my work. This was blatant lying from the staff, who didn't really seem interested in customer service at all.On top of that, I found that the plates and glasses were still dirty from the last tenants, even though they were neatly stored back in the cupboards. There is also a massive garbage dump right by the entrance, that is only cleared every few days so rubbish piles up right in front of the apartments and I saw a rat/mice run past once. On a couple of times I also saw bags of garbage left in the corridors for hours, and later there were mysterious stains on the carpet where the trash bags were and I think it was the liquid sewage seeping into the carpet.The apartments are furnished to a high standard, but it is rather far from central London, and the walk from the station to the apartments seemed quite unsafe late at night.The plus point was the washer/dryer combo which saved me loads on dry cleaning, and also a big fridge to store food.In all, its a place I will NEVER stay in again, and won't recommend it to any of my friends either! There are much better places for a bit more money in London.	
Jan 12 2009	Great value	We booked a one bed merlin apartment to do some Christmas shopping and get away for the week. The apartment had everything you would need and is ideal to cook meals, although we didnt do much we did do a cooked breakfast. The only thing we could fault was the bathroom could have been a bit cleaner and that we weren't told about parking when we booked which we did and paid for on arrival. A few more tea bags and more than one pack of crisps, bottled water etc would have been nice. But overall we really enjoyed the stay, excellent value and not far from Stratford station.	
Dec 15 2008 	Lovely brand new apartments	The apartments are brand new and very nicely furnished. There is everything as advertised, except for a corkscrew! Suggest you take your own or buy screw top wine! There were no bathrobes as advertised either and its hardly a balcony , more like a safety rail, but other than that everything was lovely. We used the dishwasher and microwave but not the oven or washer/dryer. Flat screen TV with freeview was great. The only thing I would say is that we had an apartment overlooking the train track and they it was noisy. We had a one bedroom apartment and found it all very comfortable and like a home from home. Would recommend it if that is the area of London you wouldn't mind staying in. The area isn't the best but apartments were lovely.	
Dec 1 2008 	Customer Service is Lacking	First of all, our taxi driver had a difficult time finding the place since it is a lot further from Picadilly Circus, tourist sites, etc than we thought. The penthouse apartment was very nice although the combo washer/dryer didn't work very well.When we arrived, an eastern European woman at the front desk assisted us and seemed very distracted and hurried us along to our apartment. Our adult son and daughter accompanied us for a family reunion. There were 2 double beds in 2 bedrooms and a sofa sleeper. When I asked this woman for extra bedding for the sofa sleeper for my son. She said &quot; Why do you have more people? You have 2 beds for 4 people.&quot; I explained that my adult son and daughter need separate beds. She acted irritated and said we would have to pay. My husband then told her we would complain and she said, &quot;go ahead&quot; and gave him a comment card. We asked her for extra towels since the washer/dryer didn't work at all. She was perturbed by our request and told us to use the washer/dryer that didn't work and also wanted to charge us extra. She finally relented after my husband told her we would complain. It seemed that she was irritated by any request we made. We rented the penthouse and it was by no definition, cheap. Though we had a good time in London, this incident did start things off badly for us. I'm in customer service and think she could use an American course in the basics of good customer service. I would not recommend this place because of the location, customer service and difficulty in finding someone on duty. There was always a sign posted that the desk manager was away doing security checks or some other (monkey) business.	
Oct 16 2008 	Not what it seems	I decided to choose Marlin for a 2 month stay as it was cheap, close to central London, and looked good from the pictures. I wasn't disappointed from these three points, but there are a few major flaws that you should consider before choosing this place:1) The internet went down 3 weeks ago, and although I have since left, it looked like management was not at all interested in getting it fixed. Even when it was up, it was ridiculously slow (taking 5 minutes to load Gmail for example) that it was practically unusable for business purposes. When I asked for an alternative solution (i.e. mobile broadband) or compensation, all I got was a laugh. Absolutely horrible service from the management staff. Every day I was promised the internet would be fixed &quot;tomorrow&quot; or &quot;soon&quot;, but 3 weeks later I was still getting the same story.2) Their garbage dump is right next to the main entrance, and the garbage collectors only come round every few days. This leads to the piling up of trash bags and a stench. As a result, the place is infested with rats. You can see loads of rat traps placed all over the place, and I saw a rat run by my balcony twice during my stay.3) Its located on a crime-prone area of Stratford, and at nights you can see gangs of hoodies roaming the streets. A quick check on the MET website shows that crime in that area is well above the average for London.All in, my stay was full of hassles and was a bit of a nightmare. I wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends	
Aug 18 2008	Great budget break but take a corkscrew!	My family has recently had a fantastic value for money short break here. The apartment was clean and spacious and of a high spec with flat screen tv, dvd, 2 beds plus sofa bed, well equipped kitchen with micrwave, oven, fridge/freezer, dishwasher and washer dryer, bathroom and en suite shower room. The apartment is about 5-10 mins walk from Stratford station, in zone 3 on Central and Jubilee lines, only 10 mins into Holborn close to Covent Garden. For best value fares purchase an Oyster visitor card before arrival. We found it quiet and it felt secure (with gated access and CCTV).The only negatives were that despite the high spec kitchen and abundance of utensils some of the basics were missing such as a corkscrew and we didn't have a full set of dishes/ cutlery/ glasses etc so we had to eat and drink in sittings as the concierge was unable (unwilling?) to help. Also we only had the basic 5 channels on TV and couldn't access the digital channels that we were expecting.We paid about the same price as a London hotel but with a far higher standard of living and I'll definitely try to book again.	
Jul 24 2008 	Nice touches!!!	Lovely modern brand new apartments with everything you could ever need!!. The only thing i would say is that to make sure you book a parking space before you go..i think it was 10GBP per day..but they dont tell you about it on the website. It really only a stones throw away from the centre of London, and my only downsides were....that it was right next to the railway line (sound wasnt aparent with the windows closed tho!), and the lack of corkscrews. If you are looking for a high spec place to park your family for a few day..this is it!!!	
Jul 3 2008 	Many problems!	I have been staying at one of the apartments for 3 days, and I must say I am terribly disappointed.First off, what is described on the website and promised over the phone is not what you get. The apartment I was given (all of them are furnished exactly the same) did not have Sky cable TV as written on the website, the garden was wild and hadn't been mowed, the cooker hood did not work, the wardrobe only had hanging space (no drawers for t-shirts, socks, etc!), and my apartment was strangely missing a coffee table, whereas the list of furnishings in each apartment stated there should be one. In addition, several kitchen items were crucially missing (e.g. no knives provided at all!) forcing me to buy them myself.Upon complaining, they sent someone to fix the cooker hood, but when I arrived back at the end of the day, the cooker hood was dismantled over the stove, therefore I couldn't cook. I complained about it, and was assured it will be fixed the next day. To my surprise, I came back the next day and saw the cooker hood still dismantled, sitting on my stove! In addition, whoever tried to fix it switched off my fridge as well, and everything was spoilt, forcing me to throw everything out. I complained again, and this time the next day the cooker hood was reassembled, but it was still not working! To make things worse again, the guy who fixed it switched off my fridge again, forcing me to throw out good food once more!Upon complaining about the lack of drawers in the wardrobe, the management just shrugged and basically said they won't do anything about it. For the Sky TV, they admitted that the only channels provided are freeview channels, not actually the Sky package (which includes sports, movies, foreign channels, etc.)All in although the apartment is nice, you will probably get less hassle and better service at the numerous other service apartments in London.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great self serviced apartments	We stayed in a one bed apartment for one night mid week. The apartment was spacious and spotless with all mod cons you could need and more- flat screen tv, un limited broadband, fridge, freezer, washing machine microwave.. the list goes on. The location is 2 mins walk from Straford train station so has great transport links to east london and docklands. The site overlooks where the Olympic village will be so is a bit chaotic at the moment but in a couple of years time will be an absolute sell out. Great value for money, great facilities, great location. I am looking at staying at another of their sites I am so impressed- I doubt I will ever stay in a hotel in London again!	
