Apr 27 2009 	Its true you get what you pay for	Oh dear........where do I start. Stayed at this hotel because of concert at 02 arena and couldnt book a hotel closer to Greenwich (because of London Marathon next day). Not convenient for transport into and out of Stratford. Not a short walk to the railway/bus station but Route 25 bus stop outside front of hotel for onward access all areas, you would be advised against walking as local area is dodgy and a bit unsavoury. Hotel itself is dated and tacky. We were shown to a little hut in the car park which was surrounded by about 8 or 9 other little huts - think economy Butlin's chalets and you got it. No curtains above door so light poored in making it impossible to sleep. Shower was too hot and uncontrollable, no toiletries but a small bar of coal tar soap. Not able to get BBC1 on the TV all fuzzy, bed v.comfortable, didnt sleep very much at all. Didnt complain as it was only one night but, lesson learned, will definately not be staying here again. On the plus side breakfast included which was reasonably good, although a little rushed to accommodate other people. Hotel tarrif is cheap but you def. get what you pay for.	
Aug 7 2008 	Comfortable Clean And Very Friendly	staff extremely friendly and very helpful, room was very clean and well decorated.Breakfast (Full English) in the morning was very good. Overall we found the hotel to be very good value for money. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel,&quot; - all round excellent&quot;	
Aug 3 2008 	Don't stay here	Barely slept due to lack of curtains. We went to reception at 4.30am to ask to change rooms but the alternative room was the same. Spoke to owners at check-out who told us not to come back if we didn't like it there, saying it's Summer so it's light! Customer service was non-existent. Breakfast was a bun-fight with only 5 tables for more than 30 rooms. Although the room rate is cheap, there is no point staying somewhere where you can't sleep and where they don't care.	
Jul 19 2007 	Forest View Hotel E7 9HL- Wonderful	Went into hotel reception and booked 2 nights, asked to see the room first which they happily obliged to. We booked on the spot. Checked in next morning, the guest decided to stay on in the room we had looked at, yet alternative was even better. We were given one of the apartments in a converted house at the back. (Included Twin Bed, Bathroom, Lounge, Kitchen. Lounge was clean new and nicely decorated and was the kitchen. The twin bed room was spacious, nicely decorated with antique pine laminate flooring. Everything was very clean and comfortable, The decor was fresh and neutral. The bathroom was beautifully done and very spacious with a fantastic power shower (in all rooms). Even though it was in a seperate building to the back of the hotel, it was very safe and secure. Other twin and double ensuite rooms were in a 2 storey annex attached to the hotel building within the hotels secured gated car park. The hotel had a comfy and welcoming bar with a huge screen tv, drinks were very reasonably priced (and not London prices). Dining/breakfast room was nice and clean. The breakfast was very filling, tasted great, and kept you going until lunch. As we were on a business trip we were able to connect laptop to wireless internet . The staff were very very friendly and helpful and ensured that you enjoyed a comfortable stay. Would definately stay again. Turn right out of hotel and a 10 min walk up Romford Road to Leisure Centre, a 20 minute walk will get you to Stratford Shopping centre, which has all the main shops, amenities and buses etc.	
Apr 5 2006 	Dreadful!	Three of us stayed at the Forestview during a recent tradeshow at EXCEL and were seduced by the (for London) relatively cheap price - and ended up paying a other ways. It is located in what seems a really rough area of East London. It isn't that convenient for EXCEL, there are no restaurants close by and you definitly wouldn't want to be out on the street by yourself at night. If your idea of a good hotel is to have an environmental health officer in your room at 1.30 in the morning to asses the noise from next door's night club then this is place for you. Two nights running unbelievable noise came from next door and only when complaining the second night at 11.30pm an alternative room was offered. The fact that one of my colleagues was locked into her bathroom for 30 minutes because the lock fell of the door (and despite promises from the hotel it did not get fixed throughout our stay) seemed like a minor issue by comparison. Otherwise it was slightly worn around the edges but clean with a very uninspiring breakfast.	
May 5 2009 	ma perchè non lo hanno ancora chiuso questo hotel?		
Apr 29 2008 	"Se non hai grosse pretese...."		
