Nov 16 2009 	Damp Mildew Freezing	I was given a bedroom in the basement of the 'annex' . The en-suite was full of black mildew- the whole ceiling covered in it and part of the walls. The shower-head was covered in black mildew gunge, as where the bottom edges of the shower cubicle. The mildew continued into the bedroom, which smelt damp and musty. The bedroom window opened out wide, but would not close completely, leaving the room vulnerable to burglary and leaving it freezing. I was also scared, as I was a lone female guest. I asked for the window to be made safe but despite a promise this was not attended to. I tried to tuck the curtain in to cover the open gaps but to no avail. The bed had only a sheet and one blanket. There was a radiator, which did not work, so I spent the night fully dressed and with my coat on, trying to sleep- which was near impossible. I was freezing. I left as soon as possible, not even staying for breakfast, as god only knows what the kitchen must be like! I complained to the Receptionist who was less than helpful, only saying he would check out my complaints.DON'T BOOK THIS HOTEL!!	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent value	Hotel clean, tidy, decent breakfast, really nice scrambled eggs. Facilites adequate if your just looking for somewhere to sleep. All rooms are ensuite, TV, tea/ coffee and fridge. Also access to iron/board in hall. Overall very good value for money and not too far from the centre which took about 15/20 mins on tube, really can't complain as real value. I woud much rather stay here than Linden Hotel in Paddington which was not very clean and a terrible breakfast and cost more.	
Oct 21 2009 	Cheep and Tatty Is What You Get.	We travelled to London for a weekend theatre show and some sightseeing and chose this hotel as it was close to Hammersmith Bus and Tube station. We booked a 3 bed room and a double. The double was in the basement with very limited room to walk one side of the bed. Room was tiny with a very small ensuite. Room was cold and only one towel supplied, no toilet roll only one cup etc on arrival. These items were sorted out by visiting the reception in the block next door.The 3 bedded room on the top floor was stifling, the radiator would not turn off and we had to spend the first night with all windows open - on Shepherds Bush Road??? It was not a peaceful night. Again towels etc were only provided for two people and a visit had to be made to reception next door. The banister rail had been pulled off and was at the bottom of the stairs, stair carpet was very lose fitting and dangerous. You could just about get into the ensuite and shut the door which wouldn't lock. No plug for the washbasin and the shower head wall fitting was missing.Breakfast was a laugh!! Carton of Tesco orange juice and a roll of kitchen paper towel on each table when you could find an empty one. Toast was deposited into a bread bin for self service along with warm scrambled egg, fried eggs and cold baked beans all left uncovered on a warming tray. After waiting for a table to be cleared and helping ourselves we asked for brown toast only to be told breakfast finished!! The same response was given to anyone entering or asking for anything after 09.00.The hotel was an experience we do not wish to repeat but we will dine out on the stories for a long time. We also made sure it did not spoil our weekend away.	
Sep 6 2009 	The experience here is great!	This is one of the best experiences I have when I was in UK. My friend convinced me that Euro Hotel was one of the convenient hotels in UK ever, and I have no choice but to check it out. The rates for accommodation are so stable with good quality customer service and personnel, and they're friendly too. This hotel was well-organized and when I entered into my room, it was just like a great luxury for me. The room was so big, airconditioned, and the beds are so soft which I can sleep comfortably. Good thing they have internet access, so I just bought a laptop with me for checking e-mails. Their menus were great in the restaurant within the hotel and I was astonished and feeling greatness here. Lots of friendly people I have meet here because of a high quality luxury in this hotel. I certainly recommend to each and everyone to try book your reservations in this wonderful Euro Hotel. I would never forget my experience here and I hope to be back soon.	
Jun 19 2009 	Quite acceptable though as basic as you would expect.	Euro Hotel is nothing more than you would expect, though I have encountered worse for the price (35 pounds per night at the time; pretty affordable for London.) Positives: Bedroom clean and spacious enough; kind of narrow though also quite long. The bathroom was surprisingly modern and very clean. Free wifi was good; it dropped out a few times but not enough to be annoying and was fast enough when it worked. The staff were personable enough, and the hotel had a reasonably pleasant ambiance, especially the breakfast room. Negatives:You don't expect everything to work in a place like this and it didn't. The TV reception was very poor on most stations and I seem to recall Pay TV being advertised for free too though saw no evidence of this. And scrambled/poached eggs was the full extent of your 'cooked breakfast' (i.e., no bacon or sausages, meaning you have to load up on cold baked beans if you dare).Summary:I would stay here again if I could get the room for the same price, which I guess constitutes an overall thumbs up.	
Mar 23 2009 	Very good value for money	Stayed in the hotel 3 nights. No complains at all - clean room, bathroom, sheets, internet available free of charge, breakfast was alright, back storage room available, so everything was fine. Most important - no worries with the hotel. Staff was nice and friendly. Will stay there again if I visit London. Really great value for money!	
Feb 4 2009 	generally happy	we came to the asian exhibiton at the olympia and needed something close, so booked this place, was generally happy with the place, was close and clean, and good for the price i paid, will recommend anyone,wifi toom some time to work though....	
Oct 10 2008 	Stay with care	The Euro Hotel is cheap, cheerful and clean if all you want is a bed for the night although on arrival you could be despatched to 3 or 4 different hotels nearby. You will not get any idea of the room you are to be allocated until you get there. It could be massive or a broom cupboard.Book it through an agency NOT directly with the hotel (So you pay the agency). The hotel took my credit card details to confirm a booking. I told them on arrival I would pay cash and did not expect a claim against my credit card.I paid cash. When my credit card bill came ... guess what? ... I'm still trying to sort out this weeks later and no one at the hotel will speak to me or ring me back when I leave a message.My best advice? Pay another £20 per night and stay somewhere else. I will be be in future.	
Sep 20 2008 	pretty decent for the price paid	well i came to a concert down the road at hammersmith apollo with my boyfriend. Got a room in Earls Court before i found out that there were hotels close to Hammersmith Apollo aswell, so got it cancelled and had a peak at hotels in Hammersmith, I must say from the price i paid for the hotel and what we got i was pretty happy.  THe check in was pretty simple and quick and we got a room in mins, was kind of small but wasnt expecting 2 big a room in London. Room was spotless and had shower and toilet in it, plus had all the very basic facilities like tea and coffee and few sky channels, Overall i was Very Happy with the price that i paid for this hotel and had a brilliant experience, wont mind havin a different breakfast menu everyday, But very pleased.	
Aug 12 2008	Great value for money	After reading the reviews on this site we weren't really sure what to expect, but I have to say we were all pleasently surprised. We were quite a large group of 24 people attending the Blind Crickt cup final, so there were several guide dogs too. The staff were friendly and check in was seamless with no fuss about the dogs either. Some of the rooms were small, but they were clean and tidy which is what really counts. I didn't find the single glazing or bedding an issue. The hotel is in a really good location with a great pub just down the road and lots of places to eat. Our check out was a bit complicated as we needed two recepts to claim some of our costs back, but this was no trouble for them at all and they couldn't have been more helpful. I'd recommend this hotel and will be staying there again in the future.	
Sep 27 2007 	the smallest room in england	we were actually booked into the Royal Guest house but a note on the door sent us to the Euro where the guy on reception seemed to be the manager/owner? of both. we actually ended up in a room in a building next door to the euro so i am not even 100% sure if my review is being put on the right hotel! the room was the smallest room i have ever seen - it was clean though and a good location a few mins from the Shephers Bush Empire where we were going. just dont expect space! breakfast was good though - they do a decent scrambled egg on toast - not too bad for the price really	
Dec 11 2006 	Oh my god!!! never again!!!	Well..... nightmare weekend all in all!!! there were a large group of us (8 in total, 4 couples) decided to book tickets for Jimmy Carr at the Hammersmith Appolo as we come from derby we thought we might as well make a weekend of it. We looked around on the internet for a suitable hotel, as my dad used to live in London he said Earl's Court was a good place to stay, good night life, so we booked the Cromwell Crown Hotel £110 for 2 nights, GREAT we thought! Booked this around May time, end of November get a phone call to say we have been moved to the Royal Guest House, wern't too fussed as long as we had a room!!  Phoned the Royal Guest house at the start of the week, they had never heard of us GREAT!! well we sorted this out so was all fine!! Arrived at the hotel about 5 ish LOTS and LOTS of confusion!! Eventually sorted it all out and paid, were told by Cromwell Crown this hotel had agreed to do us a discounted price for the inconvinience, never happened!! but just wanted a large drink so just got o with it!!! anway after paying were told we would be in 2 different buildings, just grin and bear it, 2 couples were going to a newly refurbished hotel, and me and my partner and another couple to one yet to be done!! but we were told if we met at 9.30am at the original hotel we could move to the better hotel for the 2nd night!!  So we got to our room and I could have cried!! *Single glazed windows no quilt just 2 sheets!!!*we had paid 55 for a double en suite we had a shower but it looked more like a tardis in the corner, scummy dirty and no proper ventilation, top had been turned at an angle to let air out!! * sink had been patched up with something that looked like chewing gum!!* NO TOILET.... EN SUITE?!?!?!*2 tv remoted neither worked!!* NO tea cofee or kettle* GENERLLY DISGUSTING!!met at 9.30 am only to be told no rooms till 11!!! GRRRRRReventually after a nice day out returned at 5 to have nice rooms in Euro hotel, clean andcomfy not massive but vast improvment!!!so no toilet roll but we coped!!everything was ok nice sleep till 7am when we were awoken by someone hovering the hallway and banging the hoover on our door!! GREAT!! tried to go back to sleep ten mins later BANG BANG great we couldnt have been closer to the heavy handed staff in the kitchen then 15 mins later they were moving the room around next door and trying to fix a broken door!! eventually at 8.40 i couldnt cope anymore, got up for a shower !! NO HOT WATER!! packed my bags and left!! lets not even go into breakfast!! :) ALL IN ALL NEVER EVER AGAIN!!!	
Nov 21 2006 	Great Experience for Great Price	Eurohotel Guest House is a great place to stay for a good price. We were logging here for a couple days before we had to be moved to their other hotel chain (Royal Guest House 2), because of lack of space. I believe breakfast is included in the price. The breakfast consist of cereal, 2 toasts, choice of eggs (scrambled, or sunny side), side of beans, instant coffee, orange juice and/or tea. The hotel itself is located 3 - 5 minute walk from Shepherd's Bush Station. Surrounding the hotel there are little shops and restaurants. However I would suggest to get the 'Oyster card' for zone 1-2 for the underground transit*. Hotel Room is cosy, aka just enough space for your luggage (floor space) and the bed. The washroom are clean, but not pristine. I thought it felt more like a very good quality backpackers hostel then a hotel. In a hotel they don't relocate your room for any reason, as for a hostel if the room you are staying is needed then re-location takes place. The host at the Eurohotel is very nice and understanding, we definitely missed his jokes and kindness. We have also stayed at the Royal Guest House 2, please check it out, just in case you get relocated there. *A little note for first time buyers it cost 24pounds for a week pass, including the charge of the card. However, if you are just staying for a few days it is ideal just to buy the 'Oyster Card' on its own and put money in it. The card cost 3pounds and within Zone 1 &amp; 2 the maximum cost of travel is 4.40pounds, where one trip can cost up to 1.80pounds. So even you use the card multiple times during the day it will only cost at most 4.40pounds.	
Aug 12 2009 	Excelente trato		
Jul 4 2009	alojamiento básico a buen precio tacaños con las toallas encargado maleducado		
Apr 13 2009 	appena sufficiente ma attenzione è euro hammersmith e non euro hotel		
Dec 4 2008 	Non si può pretendere di più.... OK.		
