Nov 22 2009 	Excellent Value For Money	I can not understand a couple of the reviews below. What did you expect for £35 a night in London- the Ritz?The staff were extremely friendly to me and the breakfast was ok- this is one of the best value for money hotels in London.	
Sep 12 2009 	disappointing hotel but London is great	Booked this hotel for late August but when arrived hotel did not have any knowledge of our booking even though we had confirmation so our initial impression of this hotel was tainted! Bad points 1] hotel looked run down from outside with tiles fallen off front step and not replaced 2] our room had no blind because a previous visitor had broken it and although we were told it would be fixed we had to make do with a bedsheet taped to the window 3] my father-in-law's single room was not ensuite although that's what we had booked and the door would not lock, this was fixed for our second night. Good points 1] the hotel had a couple of rooms so we were able to stay 2] we got our booking fee back from Travelstay.com with no quibble after I phoned them on our return home but not the booking + credit card fee which was charged even though they failed to make the booking (according to the hotel they said this had happened before!) 3] pleasant location was quiet and only short walk to nearest tube 4] plenty of shops, bars and good pub 4] breakfast ok	
Sep 1 2009 	Worth the money	We stayed in a B&amp;B from Friday - Monday. Some advices:1. ring before you arrive to double check if you have your room, as ours was on the system but not in their guest book they are working from!!! So if we wouldn't ring I dont know if we would have a room.2. When we arrived the landlady and landlord are OK, but not very welcoming - that was our feeling as we stayed in few B&amp;B before and compared.3. Room was very nice, new and clean a bit small but for us two it was enough as we were only sleeping there. Room had a private bathroom VERY BIG ADVANTAGE!!! As there were rooms with sharing bathroom and WC ... looked inside - not nice very old tiles. But our room was perfect with private bathroom - request when you doing your booking.3. Provided tea and coffee at room, the kettle didnt work properly but we figured out to make it work :-) not big issue.4. Breakfast room - very small if you have lots of people staying over, but go early and you will be sorted :-)5. Breakfast - they put it as a full breakfast but to my opinion it wasn't that great( 1 egg, 1 sausage, 1 warm tomatoe, 2-3 slices bacon, beans) - not a great deal but OK, also cereals and jams. 6.Every room had a old doors and I have to tried to figured out how to lock it but managed to do it - they should update it a little bit also the carpets were a little to much for me :-)6. Guests in other rooms a bit noisy - no respect that others might sleep but when you sharing a bathroom no wonder :-)7. Hotel is in a very nice area, we haven't been scared to walk around. Lots of restaurants and take aways around. We have also found a shortcut throught the Sainsbury to go to the Tube Station. The street where the hotel is situated is very nice and quiet, that is what you need. I would recommend this hotel as it is not bad and worth of money and in a nice area. Of course need a little bit of improvment but it's ok for money. If you are posh don't look for cheap B&amp;B if you want to just sleep and get into the London it is a perfect location and hotel for you. Its on central line too, so to get to London takes max. 30 minutes. My review is very honest, because I would like to help others to choose what they want, but go for a private bathroom is nothing worse to share it :-) We are giving a rate 4/5 as I mention before there are things which could improve but I hope they will because its a nice B&amp;B to stay in.	
Aug 8 2009 	Threatened with mugging robbed of my deposit...worst hotel in London	I booked a room here in July, and was denied entry, told &quot;I have a terrible attitude&quot; and threatened with a mugging on my way out. The only plausible reason I can think of for being given this treatment was my ethnicity.Stay away from this place - you will be all the more happier and safer for it.	
Aug 3 2009 	Rubbish	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for night and that was too long. We were told the room was ensuite it was not, it had a toilet and sink. The carpets were all stained, the furniture looked like it came out of the ark. The only good thing I could say that the bed linen was clean. This hotel needs complete modernisation. Breakfast was included in the price but we did not fancy eating there. We only seen one of the staff and then is when we booked in.	
Nov 30 2008 	Update - Modernisation almost complete	I stayed for a second time at this hotel and can confirm that the manager's response to my previous review is accurate. Many of the rooms have been updated since my last stay, and the remainder appeared to be in the process of redecoration while I was there.As before, I stayed in a basic single though this time it had new furniture and fittings. As before the £33 price included a good breakfast, tea and coffee making facilities (including biscuits) and a full size TV.The hotel remains one of the best value places to stay in London and its relative proximity to South Woodford Tube Station makes it feasible for those on a break as well as for business visitors. I would suggest, though, that some holiday visitors might find the breakfast times of 7 to 8.30 a little early.	
