Nov 11 2009 	read reviews	irish visitors. booked suite for 4 . rooms totally unsuitable .absolutely no space. some rooms not in main hotel so no reception. shower / toilet tiny. staff friendly .we had their best room but when extra bed put in for 4th person no room to move. note no bar and only self service coffee machine in small reception area.	
Nov 6 2009 	A Charming Hotel	I stayed here in September 2009 for one night. I only needed one night because I was traveling as a student and I could not move into my dorm until the very next day. I was a bit worried since I was not used to the hotel quality in the UK. When I arrived it was about 10pm. I was buzzed in by the receptionist. She was very helpful especially since I was carrying a backpack and 2 pieces of luggage. She led me to their Annex building across the street and a few buildings down. I was afraid to see what I got myself into, but to my suprise, I found a very charming and clean room. The room had a gigantic bed with lovely curtains. The room was complete with a flat screen tv which includes cable, a playstation 3, and free wifi internet. Just make sure you let the receptionist know that you want to use the free wifi so she can give you the password. The showers were remarkable, it was more like a wet room with marble floors and newly renovated shower walls. The toilet and sink was located in another part of the room. The room comes complete with amenities such as cookies, figs, drinking glasses, knives, soft drinks and soda. But keep in mind if you eat or drink any of it you will pay a reasonable price. I loved the free continental breakfast. They deliver it right to your room. Breakfast includes, orange juice, pastries, toast, coffee and milk, cereal and jam. I dont know why some of the reviewers on this site gave it such a bad review but perhaps they just had some misfortunes during their stay. I highly recommend this hotel especially since its in central london. The value for this hotel is superb. If you want to stay in a 4 star hotel, expect to spend half of your savings especially since this is central london. The more central in London you are the more expensive it is. The hotel is convienently located a short 7 min walk to Baker Street station which is the a hub for most of London's underground lines. The hotel was a bit noisy in the morning primarily because most of the residents were getting up to check out or what not. The receptionist was very helpful in calling a cab so it can take to the college grounds. One word of advice though, if you are arriving into central london from Heathrow airport, avoid taking a cab. You are looking at spending about 80 - 140 pounds due to the fact that the cab drivers charge you with the meter. They keep charging you even if you are at a stop or stuck in traffic. And central london is very congested during the day. So to avoid that problem, take the Heathrow express tube line to paddington. Then switch to the Bakerloo line to Baker Street.	
Oct 12 2009 	Do Not Stay Here!!!	My Husband and I visited London on our Honeymoon this past September. When we booked our hotel stay with La Suite back in March, there were great reviews everywhere, but the night before we left, we were looking online and saw some pretty awful ones posted recently. Seeing as how it was too late to do anything now, we decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and assume they would be awesome...not the case. When we got there, they were over booked and so they started calling all their current guests to see when they would be checking out because they needed the room. We were asked to wait, which we did. While we were waiting, several more groups came in to check in and you could see panic start behind the counter.After about 30 mins, we were told our room would be across the street at the &quot;Annex&quot;. This is what we had read bad reviews on, so we asked to see the room before we signed anything. They escorted us and our bags across the street and down a few buildings to an apartment building that they had redone a few rooms in for the hotel. Our room was on the first floor facing the street. (We had nice privacy curtains, but it was still very noisy). The hotel staff showed us the &quot;amenities&quot; of the room and left. After discussing it, we walked back over and asked to see the room we had booked. Mind you, we hadn't seen anything that resembled a picture we saw online yet! They assured us that the room we were in was the nicest they had to offer and was a substantial upgrade from the room we booked online. They showed us a tiny room, tucked under the stairs with no bathroom and told us that was what we had booked. We decided to stay in our room. The stay continued to get worse. The fire alarms went off 3 times one morning with nothing so much as an apology or even a courteous call to say they were working on it and to disregard. The walls were so thin you could EVERYTHING going on in the entire building. The hotel staff didn't speak hardly any English (strange for England) and was less than enthusiastic to help with directions or maps of any kind. We never received clean bed linens the entire 5 day trip. But sadly, this was not the worst of it. On the first morning, I was in the shower and was mildly electrocuted by a current under the shower. When I touched a towel that had gotten wet and was sitting in the corner, I got a small shock that went up my arm. Then I realized the entire edge of the tub was carrying the same current. I reported it to the front desk and requested they send someone to check it out immediately and was told that it was only static electricity and that it wasn't harmful! This is absolutely unacceptable!Please listen to all the people who have recommended staying elsewhere if you still have time to make other arrangements. This is not a 4 star hotel, much less a 2 star hotel. It is cheap; the service is awful, and it is not clean.	
Oct 8 2009 	What a Pity!	We spent a Weekend at the la Suite Hotel in September. The location is great, walking distance about minutes to M. Tussauds and Baker Street station ( 3 stations to Paddington from where Heathrow Express departs ). As it is in a side street is is rather quiet. Close by are Oxford and Regent Street where you can do all your shopping.The hotel itself is eqipped very modern and stylish, flatscreen tv and bose sound system. The Hempel duplex suite is very stylish, too but also very small! And the idea of serving breakfast in a basket in your room is very niceWhat disappointed us that much is the fact that there´s a hugh lack of cleanliness. We had 2 rooms, both weren´t clean. Mold in bathroom, fingerprints on the closet, the dinnerware and cutlery haven´t been washed in a dishwasher as they were still crusts of müsli and other residues. Even the bowls served with the breakfast were crusted, the cutlery had wiping marks and the glasses were about the same.We did not use the computer in the room when we saw the keyboard, it was disgusting. It is really a pity as otherwise it would almost be a 5* hotel. Houekeeping is less than 1*.The staff at front desk is very friendly and helpful.	
Sep 7 2009 	La Suite - Small.....but Chic!	I stayed here for 4 nights in a Deluxe one bed suite, on the top floor of their building across the road (expansion in business). It was extremely small, you would not manage to fit on the loo if you were, can I say, overly on the generous side as the bathroom is so cramped. You'd get stuck between wall and bath, seriously. However, beautifully designed and if you get the right price, its a fabulous spot round the corner from Marylebone High Street. A decent sized and good quality buffet breakfast is brought to your room but obviously it lacks space to eat if you are in 3 (I bought my two older kids, there was a sofa bed) but it would be fine if you are just 2. The staff are helpful and uncomplaining as they trudged up and down stairs which brings me to a negative....the lift was out of order for most the week and we were on the top floor. I don't mind a bit of exercise but sometimes I came in 4 or 5 times a day. The staff I believe tried hard to get this sorted and gave me small discount as a goodwill gesture. Overall, I am not complaining at all. I would definitely stay here again but of course, if you want a full-on deluxe hotel experience with all the frills then this is not for you. Having said that they sorted me some tickets, kept my luggage, had a nice coffee machine in reception and kept the place very clean. Eva the manager was always around and I would recommend this aparthotel.	
Aug 1 2009 	Get the right room	My bf and I booked for a studio suite for 9 nights. We were given a really small room across the street (I think it's the so-called La Suite Next Door Hotel ?), literally had to step out of the bathtub onto the bed to dry ourselves. Completely different to what was shown on their website. If I were traveling alone for a short period of time, I wouldn't mind staying in that small room since the room was afterall well equipped, with Sony TV, playstation, laptop (gotta rent from the staff), rainshower, Elemis bath products etc. But we were there for 9 nights and after enquiring, they moved us back to the main building with a much bigger room just as shown on their website. After that, everything was excellent. Computer and free internet worked fine, bed was very comfortable, breakfast was delivered ontime, and microwave and DVD machine available (though we didn't use them). There were two occasions where we requested for tea for breakfast but they gave us coffee, but those were just minor issues. Overall, the hotel is good.	
Aug 1 2009 	Lovely hotel shame they didnt keep their promises!	My husband and I visited La Suite Hotel for our first wedding anniversary in July 2009. The hotel was just as depicted on their website. The room was small - as is to be expected of a central London hotel, but they have made very good use of the space they have. The rooms are clean and well presented with modern decor and good 'kitchenette' facilities.The continental breakfast in bed was a lovely touch. The location is also very good. A slow crawl to Baker Street tube station, Marylebone High Street, Oxford Street and Regents Park.I must clarify that the hotel is located in two separate addresses; both on Nottingham Place. The second premises is an expansion of the business and has recently undergone refurbishment (which may explain some of the confused reviews on here and other similar websites).There were builders outside our bedroom window on weekdays, but they were not in any way intrusive or noisey. We were out of our room for most of our stay anyway. Our air conditioning broke, but thankfully British summer was not to hot!The reason for my poor rating of the hotel is that they failed to fulfil their promises. I contacted them beforehand to request a personalised cake and flowers to surprise my husband on the anniversary of our wedding. They said that it would be fine but they would charge 15% for their services. The requested sponge cake emerged as being a cream cake once it had been cut open several days after having left the hotel; obviously the cream was rancid and the cake inedible. The cake had not been refrigerated by hotel staff (because sponge cakes - which we thought we had - shouldn't be refrigerated as it makes them hard) the night before in preparation for the morning it arrived and could not fit in the fridge in our room even if we had been told it was a cream cake. There were no labels to indicate. I contacted the hotel to challenge the fact that I had paid £86.74 for something that was not as it was described in our original contract. They refused to take responsibility and stated that I should contact the cake shop they had bought it from. They have not offered any copensation or an alternative. The manager has instructed staff to tell me that she has popped out / is taking a two week holiday. The childish behaviour from the manager has been appalling. The cake ordering may have been an innocent mistake made by a staff member (all of whom had Eastern European accents), so the hotel should have accepted responsibility.	
Jul 23 2009 	Nice hotel good service	Nice hotel close to Baker Street underground. Clean room, good breakfast and friedly staff. We had a nice stay with our two 8 year old children.	
Jun 18 2009	la suite nottingham place	La Suite Nottingham Place London booking for 26th June 09Worst treatment from a hotel i've ever had!This booking was made and confirmed 31st January 09 for 7 school friends to celebrate our 50th birthdays, I booked this hotel as it suited our requirements of one triple room and one quote room, we them booked theatre tickets and tea at the Ritz over two days and a limo to take us there and back. I have been emailing regarding late departure and baggage holding room etc which was all agreed, with everything booked, we were all excitedly awaiting the day, when out of the blue on 17th June (9 days prior to our trip) I receive an email from La Suite saying they could no longer accommadate us, I was absolutely stunned at this, and couldn't believe that a hotel could treat a customer this way without giving any explanation what so ever! why would a hotel leave it that late to notify a customer especially as it was booked so far in advance, I think this was totally unacceptable and would worn any future customer to stear clear of them as I get the feeling this happens frequently.Tina West Surrey	
May 6 2009 	Birthday Disaster	We arrived at the hotel to be told, rather accusingly, that we should have received an email. Apparently, there was a 'technical problem' (which was never explained) which meant that we would be moved elsewhere. We never received this email.This was made worse by the fact that it was my girlfriend's birthday, as we indicated when booked, and it did not seem that the hotel were particularly apologetic for essentially spoiling an expensive part of the trip. In fact, we did not receive any apology at all.We were moved to apartments relatively far away from any underground station in a (albeit free) transfer taxi. We were then told that we could, at our expense, go back for the 'complimentary' breakfast or eat at a nearby cafe (also at our own expense).The apartments we were moved to were below the standard expected, with many faults and unexplained key procedures, which we only had explained to us when we were locked out of the building. We would have declined the offer had it not been for the fact that we had booked to do other things during our stay.Overall, the hotel were unapologetic and we have been throughly dissuaded from staying in London again.We tried submitting this review on Expedia on our return home. It still has not been accepted!	
Apr 16 2009 	Absolutely fabulous! Perfect in every way. bad reviews were a mix up with another hotel	I realized why this hotel mistakenly go a couple of bad reviews when our cabbie dropped us off one block down at a hotel called la place suites. When I checked the address I realized it was not la suites. LaSuites looks just like the pictures. The room was small but not by European or city standards. My husband and I and our 2 kids ages 7 and 13 stayed one night on our way down to Brighton) We had Suite #1 which has a bedroom with TV separated by a glass partition from the living room, which has another TV with video games and a large business desk with computer internet and printer/fax. The sofa turned into a small bed and our older child slept on the floor (the desk clerk gladly brought up a matress for her) The bath had a sauna steam shower but no tub. There was also a small kitchenette mini bar with complimentary teas/coffees and other snacks/drinks for purchase, some refrigerated. The hotel is very boutique and historic but with modern amenities. The breakfast was unbelievable! Youghurts, brie, stilton, and camembert cheeses, butter, bread, three types of jam/honey, a variety of gourtmet granola cerials, milk, coffee, fresh queezed orange juice,...and they brought four of everything (except the cheeses which were huge pieces). I have attached a photo of the food! Also in the gorgeous lobby is a complimentary cappucino machine which instantly makes mocha, cappucino, latte, espresso... teas, cookies, etc. The staff was so wonderful! They offered us a late checkout and the concierge booked us tickets for Madame T's which saved us hours in line. They also set up our cab and were so friendly and helpful. This was perfect for our family, great location and great value - booked online for 189 pounds with vat total 218. Unbelievable!	
Nov 1 2008 	Misleading website	We have just spent a weekend in London and booked this hotel as it seemed reasonably priced and from the website looked very nice. On arrival there was ' a problem' with our room (which was never explained) and we had been booked into another hotel round the corner. Having no other choice we went to the other hotel (Durrants which was extremely nice). On returning the next day we were shown to our room and were extremely disappointed...we were right next to the reception at the bottom of the stairs, the room was tiny and the bathroom minute. There was no kitchenette as the website had suggested and a very small desk shoved against the window. The storage was inadequate and almost no hanging space. There was no mirror in the room so almost impossible to dry hair. The bathroom was marginally bigger than that of an aeroplane bathroom; there were no towel rails and we had to drape the towels over the shower screen. At every turn in the bathroom you banged into something. The one plus point was the breakfast and the speed of delivery however on the second morning only one breakfast was brought and when items that were missing were requested from the girl who had delivered it she replied ' I don't speak English'. There was no where to eat breakfast as implied on the website pictures and we had to sit on the bed. The air conditioning unit was very noisy but had to be kept on as the windows were sealed shut. This was most definately La Suite Hotel and not another hotel as suggested in previous reviews and maybe your stay is very dependent on the room you are given. My suggestion is that you should ask to see your room before you commit yourself. I cannot believe that this hotel describes itself as 'four star, luxurious, excecutive' I would suggest that it is more like a glorified hostel. Good luck to anyone that chooses to stay here despite reading this, but believe the bad reviews!	
Mar 2 2008 	A real gem	Trying to find a hotel in London that's well located, comfortable and a sensible price isn't easy, but La Suite fills all the criteria.We arrive two hours early but the receptionist made us both a coffee and the room was made ready in 20 mins.A request of a hight floor was met and we were given a one bed studio on the 3rd floor (118). The room was a very good size with seperate kitchenette/sitting area and screened off bedroom. The bathroom is small but perfectly OK and that power shower is just fantastic!Location wise the hotel is in Marylebone village which has a real nice atmosphere, there are plenty of shops, pubs and restaurants withing just a few hundred yards.Baker St tube and buses are equally as close, although Oxford St can be reached by foot in 15 mins (Marylebone High St and just keep going straight on).Is there a down side? Not much, the lift is probably the smallest and slowest you will find and didn't quite go high enough to avoid a short flight of steps to our room, no problem at all for us, maybe so for some.There are a couple of reports on here giving the hotel one star, I just can't see how it can be the same hotel we just visited. However, we did walk into the reception of a similarly named hotel a few doors away which looked set in a 1950's time warp, could this explain anything? Anyway I can assure anyone that La Suite is just fine, certainly worth a return visit.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great location and nice accommodation	Nice place to stay with minimum fuss. Just spent 2 nights there and we liked the way you checked in and then were more or less left to your own devices. Our room was great - two TVs, a computer, docking station for I-Pod, nice little kitchen area with microwave, sink and fridge. Good location - handy for tube, restaurants and central London. Staff very helpful and pleasant. Towels a little threadbare, dressing gowns seen better days and power shower not very good, but excellent value for money and would certainly stay there again.	
Dec 7 2007 	Secret gem in London	First things first: The 2 reviews from 11/06 which give this hotel a 1 rating must be talking about a different hotel (or they have been delivered to the wrong place, or walked into one of the nearby hotels by accident) .. This place is very modern, with a touch of Japanese simplicity and beauty. The breakfast, while no big variety nor hot items, is of great quality (e.g. freshly pressed OJ) and is brought to your room (this way they saved space for a breakfast room, a coffee, tea, hot chocolate machine is available all day in the lounge)The rooms are small-ish, but that is to be expected in London, but they made the most of it, by even putting in glass dividers so that papa can still work at the desk, while mama and kid sleep undisturbed nearby. (The free internet is great, I did not use the terminal / pc thingie they also have in the rooms, i just switched the ethernet cable to my macbook and without any setup or passwords I was good to go). We also had a pull out couch, a 32&quot; flatt screen LCD, a DVD player and an iPod dock (how cool is that?) for our entertainment. Lots of overpriced mini bar items which we did not touch, there is a Tesco nearby (open until 11 PM) and a Waitrose down on Marylebone for essentials.Our room felt like we should have paid 50 GBP more per night.There are very few nitpicks we had: -The mattress was too soft (We heard later that in the UK the rule is 'the softer - the better'). -The very fancy hydro-shower is only as good as the water pressure you get ... I tried during different daytimes .. it was always fairly low. -The reception staff was very professional, but lacked knowledge about nearby eateries (but hey, for that you get the free internet connection)All in all we loved the stay, the location and we even got lucky with the weather ... and we surely would return. If you arrive in the evening and don't know where to go eat, down the street are a Greek and 2 Indian places. The Greek and the Bombay something were indeed very nice.	
Sep 15 2007 	One of best in London	One or two reviews scoring below 4 just cant be the right hotel. Honestly this is lovely hotel in a great area. Amazing value fab bathrooms and beds-avida toiletries, flat screen tv, kitchen. Its the best we have stayed in anywhere for the price (should be double!!!)If not sure and I really cant believe why or how the 1 score got on-maybe they had refit or something since that visit. Its always been spotless. Relax its great......	
Sep 3 2007 	Nice place comfortable beds good location	I read the review (and saw the photos) of the person who stayed at about the same time my husband and I did (November 2006) and I think they have the wrong hotel! The first set of candid traveler photos (of a very nice room and bathroom) is what we experienced and we had a room in the basement! The breakfast is bland, but a not horrible and it's nice they include it. The bed was very comfortable and the hotel is in a great location.	
Aug 24 2007 	Absolutely perfect!	My family and I reserved 3 rooms at this hotel for 3 nights in July. My husband and I had planned our wedding in London for one year and decided to stay at this boutique hotel as it was very close to our ceremony venue. It was a great decision. The staff was very polite and helpful, we arrived early in the morning and we only had to wait 10 minutes to have our room prepared (they don't have to give it before 13:00 but they did). The rooms have everything you need and are exactly what you see at the webpage. Bed was very comfortable, you have a small kichenette which we used quite a lot, the bathroom is really nice and the shower incredible. Everything is very new. The breakfast is delivered to the room 5-10 minutes after you ask for it and for us it was complete enough.The surroundings are also nice. The tube is very close (Baker Street) and there are plenty of cafes, restaurants, pubs, etc. Using the tube you are close to Oxford Street and two of the main train stations (Paddington and Euston).I can only recommend to go and enjoy it! I hope I can stay at it again sometime in the future!!	
Jul 13 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!!! Amazing Stay!!!	This hotel was a fantastic getaway for 2 nights. Had an executive suite which was pricey at £240 for 2 nights, but was worth it. We had a good sized room, that had a big bed, lounge area, kitchenette, 2 tvs and pc with free internet. The en-suite was great, had a special shower and also and jacuzzi bath. Both mornings we recieved a continental breakfast, which was brought to our room at our specified time. Was a nice touch. We got to the hotel at about 11am as we wanted to go into london and shop etc, so they looked after our bags and when we got back they made us a drink as we had to wait about 5 mins for our room to be finished off. The reception wasvery stylish and comfortable. The location of this hotel is fantastic, very close to Baker street station, Madame Toussauds and the Open air Theatre in regents park, which is why we stayed as we went to watch Jimmy Carr live. Overall, a fantastic hotel!!!	
Mar 27 2007 	there are 2 hotels being described in these reviews- take note	I'm not sure what's going on here but it seems there is a mix up. This hotel does not have shared bathrooms- as one reviewer describes (and shows pictures). There are two seperate hotels being described here, i can assure you.The La Suite I stayed at was beautiful, modernly designed and white and pristine. The bed was insanely comfortable and the shower experience was amazing. I can't recall the type name or brand of shower, but it's luxurious and swedish. so great!There's a PC in the room with internet and a quite large flat screen tv. we also had a kitchenette area with cutlery and plates etc. We ordered food with the front desk who recommended a local curry takeaway and delivered it to our room. brilliant! i know it all sounds like an odd layout- but it is designed in a way that everything fits and it is cozy and comfortable.this hotel is a gem. i am still unsure of why it is so inexpensive. it's a great deal for brand new facilities and a lovely staff. i would and WILL stay here again when we are back in London.	
Mar 6 2007	Perfect!	We just came back of a 3 days city trip in London, what a lovely days. The city is great and very busy (what we like!).We stayed in La Suite, Nothingham Place and this made the weekend incredible! Perfect service and an excelent room where we found the rest in a super bed, with watching a nice DVD, after a busy day and to get the power for the next long day! Debbie en Erik, Rotterdam, Netherlands.	
Nov 24 2006 	La Suite Hotel is awful	Read before considering this hotel. It is not anything like the picture!!!! Beware!!!! Totally misrepresented!!!!La Suite Hotel37 Nottingham PlaceLondon W1U 5LT[----]We were supposed to stay at the Hotel La Suite for 6 nights beginning on the 13th of November. We arrived by Taxi and once we were inside and looking around it became clear that this was not the hotel that was described on their website. The hotel is totally misrepresented on their web site. Prior to booking I had made several direct phone calls from the US asking questions. They assured me that this hotel was elegant and of four star quality. We visit London 3 times a year and have stayed in several four star hotels including Melia White House, London Landmark, The Cumberland and several Thistles (in the London area ). Frankly, over the past 6 years we have been quite pleased with our stays in the London area. The La Suite Hotel is unfortunately nowhere near that calibre and is grossly overrated at 4 stars. I request that you take a bit of time and investigate for yourselves. I do not wish for this kind of experience to happen to other people who may be visiting London.Upon seeing the lobby and lounge (so called?) my husband wisely requested to see the room and after viewing it and the rest of the hotel (and smelling the odour) we decided that we could not possibly stay there. My husband left and summoned a taxi while I stayed requesting to speak with the manager.The manager did not show up for almost 20 minutes and upon being informed of the problem became angry and abusive, yelling at the young lady behind the desk, telling her she should not have shown us the room in advance! He then turned on me and told me that he would charge me for one night whether we liked it or not. They do have a 24 hour cancellation policy but we did show up and would not have left if the hotel was the way it was represented. $313.88 US was a hard earned lesson to be careful choosing hotels in the future.Interestingly enough, our sympathetic taxi driver told us that our case was not all that unusual.	
Nov 3 2006 	Truely Frightful	How this truly frightful establishment has the gall to call itself a hotel is beyond me, let alone an executive place to stay. This shabby block known as La Suite hosts about 12-15 rooms. The majority of rooms have to suffer the shared bathrooms – something I would wish only upon my worst enemy. Please have a look at the photos I’ve uploaded to see the true extent of the horrific shower and toilet facilities the residents have to put up with on a daily basis – thick orange grout in the tiles, decrepit loos (frequently left with deposits from other guests). Don't be fooled by the photos on the website - the reception is lovely, quite where the bedrooms in the pictures are, I have yet to discover.On several occasions I found vermin in my room – rats or mice I am unsure, but the manager told me to “get used to it, its London after all”. I argued for a re-fund – nothing was given. I decided to investigate further, and took a look at where the food was cooked. If you decide to stay at La Suite, even after reading this review, then I beg you, do not eat the food. It is cooked in the most unsanitary conditions – croissants are baked in the oven which is housed in the basement next to the bins – with a window that is open all day and night (free for all the vermin and roaches to come in).The bedrooms are small with enough room to slip down the side of the bed and use the sink. There’s no matching furniture, and I was never brought fresh towels. Like another reviewer mentioned – the walls are paper thin, and having to listen to the squeaking bed whilst my neighbours ‘relieved’ themselves soon became rather unpleasant.All in all, this place was horrendous and I would never return – in fact I packed up my bags and left early. The manager kept my payment as that’s the sort of business he seems to run, however, I was too distressed to make a big issue of it, and soon found another hotel nearby which was much more accommodating.	
Oct 9 2006 	Funky fresh and modern - something a little different	If you want something a bit different to the usual 'corporate' hotel, then this may be the place for you. La Suite is near Regent's Park, on a quiet side street. It has been totally refurbished, and is modern and funky. ROOM: I was in a pretty small double room, but it was very clean and well set out. The bed was very comfy (Tempur mattress, I think) with a duvet (no horrid blankets and sheets!) and the power shower was superb!FOOD: There is no restaurant. However, there was a microwave, fridge and kitchen sink in the room, interesting snacks and the continental breakfast brought to my room was lovely (fresh orange juice, fresh coffee, museli, continental breads and jams...very tasty)STAFF: Very polite and helpful.Overall, any negatives (no restaurant, small rooms) were outweighed by the positives (clean, modern, good facilities and breakfast)	
Oct 4 2006 	Central and brand new	This is a great hotel, near Marylebone High St. (very hip) and a few minutes walk from Oxford St. Baker St. tube station is the nearest and has three lines including Circle Line. The hotel is new: staff tells me it was completely refurbished in Feb 2006. We had a kitchenette and a little private terrace where we ate a fantastic breakfast (which is brought to you every morning). The decor is high in standard and has all the mod cons: free unlimited broadband access, tea/coffee making, microwave, flat screen TV. The bathroom has a sophistated shower with sauna and Aveda beauty products. Over all impression is very good. Good room rates as well.	
Jul 18 2006 	Great Hotel Brilliant Location Lovely Staff	I stayed here for three nights (July 11th - 13th) and was really impressed from the moment that I walked into the hotel. I paid £120 per night for a small suite.The front door is constantly locked and can only be opened by either your room card or a member of staff or security, so this made me feel comfortable from the start.Check in was really fast and the gentleman at reception showed me to my suite, carrying my case for me also. He explained everything fully and showed me how the electrical items in the room operated.The room itself was compact, but extremely well appointed. I had a small suite, with a kitchen area, living area, sleeping area and bathroom. Everything was spotlessly clean, and the bedding was beautifully white. The bathroom was also small, but very modern, and came with a superb shower unit that offered a sauna facility also.I ordered food from the delivery serive that the hotel offers, and the food was lovely and arrived within 45 mins as promised and was then delivered to my door.There was FREE broadband internet service via a provided computer within the room, a large plasma TV and a DVD player. The small kitchen area offered drinks and snacks to purchase, a microwave and a fridge, as well as a supply of cutlery and crockery.The hotel was extremely close to Baker Street and all of the main tube links, as well as being close to lots of shops and restaurants, all within a few minutes walk from the hotel.I might regret saying this - but I highly recommend this hotel, and will be staying here again, but I hope that this doesn't mean that it is always fully booked when I need to visit London!Stay here and find out for yourself how lovely it is and really good value for money!	
Jul 10 2006	Great place!	This hotel has been recently renovated into a number of suites. Each is decorated in a simple but modern style, is elegant and quiet [a real bonus in London]. The suites have a mini-kitchenette and every room has broadband and a tv etc. A group of us stayed in the largest suite [118] and 117. Everything was clean and comfortable [even the sofa bed!] and the staff were really helpful and friendly. The hotel doesn't have proper aircon, so they had freestanding units with tubes out the window. These seemed to vary in efficiency but it's a minor problem [even though it was 32 degs in London when we were there!].A great location and a good bargain - go there before it becomes too popular!	
Jul 7 2006 	Friendly well-located and a good value	This small hotel located in trendy Marylebone offers a lot of extras in the price - free computer with Internet, kitchenette, power shower, and legendary Hastens mattresses. I particularly enjoyed the low-cost calls - USA for only 20p for 15 minutes is a steal, plus a DVD library at reception. The owner was in the hotel and showed me around, and there are free umbrellas to borrow by the door - all in all a good experience!	
Jun 9 2006	Great Place	We stayed at the La Suite Hotel for 7 nights and were very happy with our accomodations. It is a small hotel, newly renovated in a modern decor. The room was large, containing a sitting area and mini-kitchen, and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was modern, clean and the shower was excellent. The staff was very friendly and efficient. We liked the location on a quiet street very near the Baker Street tube station and Marylebone High street for restaurants and shopping. Breakfast was brought to the room every morning five minutes after we phoned the lobby to say we were ready for it. Great stay for a great price.	
Jun 4 2006	Same name -- different hotel?	I just read the three reviews of &quot;La Suite&quot; hotel on this board and it seems we're describing very different hotels with the same name.My wife and I spent 4 nights at the &quot;La Suite Hotel&quot; on Nottingham Place, 2 blocks from the Baker Street station. The hotel is a small converted town home that appears to have been open (or reopened) only since February, 2006. There was still some minor construction in progress. The location is excellent.The decor is modern and clean, appearing exactly like the pictures shown for the hotel's website. Each room has a LCD television and a computer terminal with broadband connection. The first night we were in the smallest (and cheapest) room available, back of the 1st floor. The room was small, but tidy. The next day in the afternoon our room was dusty from the construction in the back, and we were upgraded to the top floor mini-suite. The lift is tiny and the stairs rather narrow, but the suite was very nice with an excellent shower, small microwave, 2 TVs and a set of dishes -- very handy for a light dinner.The staff is from Czech Republic (I think) and very nice. We were both very pleased with our 4 nights stay at this hotel.	
Oct 22 2004	Institutional and Uncomfortable	This enormous hotel packs in the travellers in their boring &amp; depressing rooms. The lobby is usually clogged with a large group checking in and for this reason getting an elevator can be difficult--so be prepared to lug your suitcase up and down the stairs. Each floor is so large that you have to take a long walk down the hall to reach the common bathrooms. A few of the bathrooms didn't have locks during my stay. The absolute worst part was the fire alarm tests, which would occur each day at about 11am. We weren't told that this was a test however and were unsure the first time whether we should run down the stairs or just keep hanging out in the room. The only favorable attribute is that this hotel is in central London and across the street from the Piccadilly Tube Station.	
Mar 24 2004	Never again	I have recently (17th - 21st March, 2004) travelled to London on business. I usually stay in the 4* Tower Thistle Hotel, however this time it was fully booked. Because of that, I used the SimplyBookIt website to find another hotel and I decided to stay at the Prince Regent Hotel which is situated in the centre of London.Since the hotel is rated as 3* in some articles (just one star less than Tower Thistle Hotel) and it is privately owned I expected a nice little hotel, perhaps with a bit of character. However, my experience of staying in Prince Regent Hotel were rather bad:? On arrival, I had to wait a long time because there wasn?t anybody around to check me in.? After a long wait in I was told that a cleaner will show me to my room and they will do the check-in later.? The cleaner was not able to unlock the door on my room because of the lock was damaged. It took a while to fiddle around with a key to unlock the room.? The real shock, however, was the state of the room ? small, dark, with a small window, broken showerhead, broken hot water tap, dirty carpet, and damaged and scuffed furniture.? TV set was equipped with aerial giving poor quality picture? The worst, however, was yet to come. The mattress in my bed was so worn out and uneven that I did not get any decent sleep that night.I have immediately complained to the hotel manager and he offered a solution ? if I stayed in the hotel one night (17th of March) and paid ?50 for the night he would cancel the reservation for the second night. I agreed.However, when trying to check-out the next morning I was told by the receptionist that they will loose ?50 because I have booked a room through ?SimplyBookIt? for two nights but only stayed one night ? despite that it was previously agreed with the manager. I wanted to contact ?SimplyBookIt ? in order to resolve the situation, but the receptionist told me that he does not have any contact number for the company, which I find very hard to believe.The receptionist still wanted a charge of ?100, and only on my unrelenting he telephoned the manager of the hotel who told him I would only need to pay ?50. Finaly the receptionist charged my credit card by ?50 + ?10 (cancelation fee).Since I am working in the IT industry I have preferred to book my hotel through the Internet rather than directly and I have chosen SimplyBookIt. This turned out to be a rather bad experience with no possibility to speak to someone at SimplyBookIt and amend my booking. I am not sure whether I will ever use services of SimplyBookIt to book my next stay in London. I would not most certainly recommend it to my friends.	
Nov 26 2009 	Un hotel Londonien à recommander		
Jun 11 2009 	Stornierung durch das Hotel		
Jan 12 2009 	Superbe hotel au centre de Londres		
Sep 16 2008 	Soddisfacente		
Jun 15 2008	Véritable découverte		
Feb 26 2008 	Bello...interessante e...comodo!!!		
Dec 16 2006 	Bon concept d'hôtel/appartements		
