Nov 17 2009 	It's o.k. but not fabulous	I stayed here with my husband voor 6 nights. The hotel is o.k. but i would'nt stay there a second time i think,cause it's too small.This was our first trip to london, zo we knew that rooms are small and expensive and often not clean.With this expectation we arrived and I was glad that the room(216) &amp; bath were clean and nice. The shower is very narrow, for people with a little bit more weight on not suittable. towels were changed every day.We only stay there for sleeping :-) !The location is great, the staff is nice and friendly but the rooms are really too small !b.t.w. we didn't had the breakfast. Around the corner is a small cafe with a full breakfast for 3,80 pounds and good strong coffee witch was nice. A dutch girl	
Nov 9 2009 	My girlfriend was not impressed of my choice.	My girlfriend and me stayed here for 4 days. I don`t know how many hotels there are in the &quot;hotel street&quot; in Sussex Gardens, but i felt like i chosen the &quot;wrong one&quot;I spent time in various hotels in London before, so i didnt have much expectation about this hotel either. But this was by far the smallest room (room 235) i ever stayed in. It must have been a storageroom back in the days because i think the boiler room was under our bed.Even with the window wide open, no air did enter our room. Combined with the heat it was hard to get a good night sleep.I also think the elevator was working by man labour, it took ages before something happend so we took the stairs.This was probably a nice hotel in the 70`s.But the room was clean and the staff was friendly. The location was also why we chose this hotel. My girlfriend was not impressed of my choice.I think i will try another hotel next time.	
Oct 15 2009 	Could be so much better	I stayed at the Gresham for one night on a business trip, for this purpose it is fine but I wouldn't recommend it for any longer. I had asked for a double room but I got a cramped family room, which although clean could have been so much better. The bathroom was small but adequate and clean. There was no mini bar in the room and it had a simple roller blind covering the window, a thin blanket on the bed and although there was a quilt in the wardrobe it had no cover. Also the bedside lights did not work. I also had problems with my room key (that was sellotaped together) and when I went to reception I was told to try again before they would do anything, generally not very helpful. Breakfast was good and the location is great, a two minute walk to Paddington station but I would not stay here again.	
Oct 5 2009 	A clean and friendly hotel that is ideally located	Travelled from Texas with family on a trip to Europe in September 2009. Arrived in London and staff were friendly and helped direct us to the hotel over the phone when we got lost. In the end the hotel was 400 metres from paddington station. We arrived and the friendly young man at the desk checked us in and took us to our rooms which were cosy and both had ensuite bathrooms (I have a big family). Whenever we went out the staff members would advise us where to go for shopping and once even printed out google maps and directions when were looking for Harrods and I got confused. I have stayed in hotels around the world where the hotels were big names but I didn't get a service as friendly and helpful as this.I highly recommend the Gresham Hotel to any of my fellow travellers.	
Sep 19 2009 	Would never go there again even if offered for free!	First time going to London we looked for a hotel with good location and good price. What you get is exactly what you pay for. We stayed there for three nights. The rooms are very small and old. The shower had almost no pressure and the bathroom was covered in white goo from the shower head to the bathroom sink. The toilet didn't even flush properly. The beds were not comfortable at all. I've slept better on floors. There were some kind of bugs in this room because when we left and got back home to Iceland we noticed that we had been bitten all over our body. We had to disinfect all our clothing, the suitcases and our apartment when we got home. The maintenance were really loud and you can easily hear people talk in the next room. Overall I would never recomment this hotel to anyone. The hotel staff in the lobby was friendly though but that doesn't make up for everything else.	
Sep 10 2009 	A quaint experience in the middle of the city buzz	I loved the old architecture of the hotel and the surrounding neighbourhood. Tranquil and quaint. My husband and I travel to London alot and we're glad that we've found a place where we can have our privacy and still be in the middle of it all! Close to Paddington station and its cafes, night owl haunts at Edgeware Rd and minutes away from Hyde Park. The service of the staff in Gresham was warm and hospitable. Homely feel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Family Stay	I stayed in this hotel with my husband and two kids age 8 and 12. We stayed in a family room and the room number was 250. The room was clean, big and with microwave and a small fridge. We stayed for 5 days and the hotel is very central too. Only thing that it should have four single beds instead of two double beds. The receptionist told us that they have a family room like that, but it was not available. London is great city and if we come here again, we will be staying at Gresham.	
Aug 25 2009 	Not bad for a short stay	I stayed at the Gresham for one night after arriving at Paddington station from Penzance before traveling onto Munich on June 7th, 2009 and was given room #215. It's a room that the phrase &quot;Not big enough to swing a cat in&quot; is apt. The room I booked was a single and it was just large enough to accomodate me without feeling claustrophobic but every time I came into the room, there was a distinctly odd musty smell. The room was right above the front door and I had some difficulty getting the window to slide down and shut once I opened it. The shower was fine as was the bed though the mattress could be replaced with something a bit firmer. The television remote's back cover was missing and the batteries held in place by scotch tape which did not add to the charm. The room was fine for my one night stay. The area of Paddington it is in is basically a hotel row. If you don't like your room, just walk next door and see what they have to offer. But the closeness to Paddington station and Hyde Park and the relative quiet of the street somewhat balences out the cramped room I had.	
Aug 23 2009 	Could not be Better	We stayed in this hotel for a week and liked it very much. Its clean, peaceful and friendly. If its your first time in London, then you must go there. Staff would help you a lot in getting your way around, plus WiFi and maps are free. Hyde park and Oxford Street are near by and there is very nice cafe to eat called Lena's Cafe. Hotel does provide tea/coffee facilities and Biscuits inside the room. Breakfast was not included in our room rent and we did not take it, but there are plenty of places to eat near by. Walk to Notting Hill is highly recommended among the neo-classical buildings and London sightseeing buses are five minutes from the hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	Nice hotel in Paddington area of London	I stayed here with a friend in January for 2 nights. It is just around the corner from Paddington tube station so we were able to get around London and find our way back very easily and cheaply too. The room was basic but it had a nice feel to it, and the street it is on reminds you of something out of Oliver Twist. The bed was comfortable and the shower was powerful. There is a small bar/lounge area near the front of the hotel where we enjoyed a few bottles of red wine in the evening. The staff were ok, not exactly friendly, and we had an issue with one particular gentleman who worked one evening who was completely rude and dismissive of us. But that can be ignored.....Overall cheap price approx £45 a night, in a good location.	
Aug 12 2009 	Good value hotel in Central London	We enjoyed every minute spent in London. Hotel was located near Hyde Park , clean, staff polite and efficient. Breakfast was ok but if to be honest im a big fan of English breakfast. After reading previous reviews I really do not understand those people who wish to pay for 3 star hotel and get value as 5 star.	
Aug 1 2009 	All things considered it wasn´t too bad or too good	When I arrived at the hotel, I was told that I had to pay for my 3 night stay in advance and that if I wished to use a credit card there would be an extra charge. This was a good idea on their part, because few guests would stay a second night; at least those whose rooms faced the street. The delivery truck traffic started at 04:30; absolutely unbearable!My room was tiny, but clean and had been recently renovated, as had the entire hotel. Although the hotel´s website stated that the rooms had mini bars, they apparently had been removed, when the bar was open off the lobby and the website info had not been updated (on purpose??). The hotel is located very close to Paddington Station , lots of restaurants and local shopping, and close to Oxford St.	
Jul 24 2009 	Very Dissapointed	Rooms are crampy and small rooms, curtains not fixed properly, carpet not properly glued, nosy maintainance staff, had to be transferred 4times coz rooms were justso unpleasant. If it wasnt only a prebooked stay, I would be most willingful to transfer to another hotel. Wondering if they train their housekeeping that they should clean the rooms everyday and not wait til a guest complains. Its just near to Oxford and a bus stop away to NottingHill and other interesting places but the service and hotel TOTALLY SUCKS! Never want to go back here... EVER!!!!! Horrible experience really.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good location fair accomodation.	I stayed at the Gresham Hotel in London for a few days this past June. The Gresham is easily accessible from Paddington Station, which is nice since Paddington Station has an underground connection as well as a direct train to Heathrow for easy traveling. The hotel staff was nice, and the room faced the front road, which is a nice quiet, tree-lined blvd. The one thing that got me was that our toilet took a long time to refill, which means you had to wait nearly 30 minutes between flushing. This can be difficult among two people. Aside from that, the hotel itself was was nice. Its by no means a luxury hotel, but it wasn't a dirt-hole either.The road this hotel is located on though is littered with hotels. Looking back, I would rather walk down this street without a reservation, and try to play the hotels off each other in terms of prices.	
Jun 27 2009 	Very Pleasent	I stayed in this hotel for a whole week and it is clean, friendly and on good location. Plus its a lot cheaper for same standard hotels. I would recommend.	
Jun 23 2009 	Not bad as some reviews	We arrived very late in night and thought that we would have difficulty checking in but it was all pleasent. The room was clean and on the front side of the hotel so lots of light during the day and a lovely view of the tree lined road. Breakfast was included in our price but My husband and myself both are vegetarian and did not expect to have many options as they serve English Fry breakfast, so it was a surprise to see how accomodating breakfast staff is to serve us. To be honest, I did not read the reviews before staying here(otherwise might have changed the accomodation) but it is a much better place and I am glad that we had a nice hotel duing our stay to this amazing city.	
Jun 16 2009 	Mink hole!! Would not even let my dog stay there!!	Well arrived after a long mornin, no place to leave suitcases in a safe place, and when we realised the flight of stairs to the room we could not believe it no lift. Going up the stairs to the room was dirty!! Finally we arrived to our room and disbelieve appeared on our faces, room was mingin!!Nothing cleaned and i dont even think the sheets wereclean. The pictures on the internet are not of the hotel thats for sure, good luck if your going to stay there, take bleach,clean sheets,a duster and towels with you. The only good thing about staying there is we managed to cram so much into our visit to london because we could not bare to stay in the room for longer than we had too.	
May 25 2009 	Delightful	Our recent stay in London was delightful, and we have to give credit to the Gresham Hotel for adding to it. Since our arrival up to our departure the staff was courteous and very helpful, our room and bath, though tiny, were quite clean and sunny, and the location was superb, one or two blocks away from several subway lines and many buses to different sections of the very center of the city. All in all, a delightful stay.	
May 5 2009 	Great location	The room was tiny but it was a great value and only two blocks from Paddington station so all of London was very accessible. Breakfast was great and reasonable.	
Apr 20 2009 	Awful visit!	we arrived to clock in at 3pm, and were sent to a tiny room at the back of the building, the room was so small that my partner of 6ft5 could touch both sides of the room!!!It was stupidly hot and we had to have the window open all night, which not only did not help with the heat but also caused furthur problems as the building opposite was a very rough looking appartment/flat building where one resident was playing extreamly loud music all night. To make our stay even worse there were a group of youths smoking drugs on a lower floor balcony (not of the hotel building) not far from our window. The room itself had a single headboard attacted to the wall but a very small queensize bed, proving that the room was designed as a single room but they have used it for 2 people which is disgraceful! There was also a wet patch by the bathroom door where the shower had obviously leaked, the toilet didn't flush properly and the shower itself was so small that it was a struggle to shut the cubicle door once you were in the shower!The stay was terrible and i would not advise anyone to book into this hotel!	
Apr 20 2009 	Barely acceptable	One of the many hotels along Sussex Gardens, there is nothing about this hotel that makes it stand out from the grime of budget hotels in London. We had a twin room on the first floor, size just about adequate for 2 ppl. The door didn't shut properly and we had to slam it very hard to close. The staff in charge told us that they will fix the problem the next day, but needless to say, nothing was done throughout the period of our stay of 7 days. The reception on the TV was bad, and often there was no signals for some of the channels. The toilet was extremely small. The worst thing was the kettle, which exuded a horrible stench that lingered in the room when we opened it. It was really appalling. There was also not much guest service to speak of; the best they did was tidy up the beds while we were out, but we realised that they had not changed the bedsheets throughout our stay. The bed cover was also dirty and caused some itching after direct contact with skin. That said, the cleaniless level was just acceptable and did not cause major problems. It is also in a relatively convenient location, about 5 - 10 min walk from Paddington Station and also highly accessible by bus.	
Apr 19 2009 	Really nice budget hotelgreat location	My boyfriend and I booked ourselves a room at the Gresham Hotel, London from the 15th-17th April because we had booked to see Grease in the West End.The hotel was easy to find as Sussex Gardens is simply a long row of hotels. The Gresham is easy to find at night especially as it has blue fairy lights over the front door - very pretty.We shared a double room which was very small - just big enough for a double bed - not much else. The decor was very nice - it looked like it had been recently done up and the bathroom was lovely. One small jibe about the bathroom was that the sink didnt have cold water - only boiling hot water so brushing our teeth wasnt so pleasant.The staff were lovely and very helpful. We enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 4 2009 	Lost my reservation and refused to make it right	I'd called twice from South Africa to book this hotel. I'd negotiated a good rate and had a confirmation number. When I arrived at the Gresham after my all-night flight from Johannesburg, they did not have a record of the reservation and refused to take responsibility for their error or make it right. Their customer service is nonexistent.	
Feb 17 2009 	Clean good value nice experience	We changed our reservation to The Gresham, after reading bad reviews about our original choice. We arrived a bit early, but we were checked in with no fuss, by a friendly guy at reception. Our first floor room was fairly small, but was very modern and clean, with a good sized bed and flat screen tv. Our 2 night stay was perfect for us. The hotel is within walking distance of Oxford St and the Hyde Park area. No complaints.	
Feb 14 2009 	A Nice Budget Hotel	A nice budget hotel, specially after reading reviews on trip advisor i knew i was taking a gamble but it's paid off. A very friendly service, nice clean rooms bit small though and what a fantastic location. just want to tell other travellers that ofcoure this is not a hotel for you if you are expacting a 5* service in a price of 3*. You get what you pay for and here you surely get a bit more such as smiling and very helpful front desk staff!!!! So over all not a bad hotel at all givan that your expactations are not too high. i would surely don't mind to stay here again.	
Jan 1 2009 	Good value for money	We had originally booked a hotel which was twice the price but downgraded so we could use the money on theatre tickets. We read the trip advisor reviews after booking our trip so were expecting the worst! We were pleasantly surprised. Although the room was tired it was quaint and clean. The staff were courteous and the breakfast was sufficient. We were disturbed in the night by noise from one of the hotel rooms but the night porter came up to speak to the young people and the matter was quickly resolved. The location was fantastic, within walking distance of Paddington station, which is just within zone 1. We will definitely be staying at the Gresham Hotel next time we are in London.	
Nov 30 2008 	Small and Unprofessional	Stayed at the Gresham Hotel in November 2008 and although it was somewhat decent, would NOT recommend to travelers. Very small room along with a VERY tiny shower - almost couldn't move. The beds were hard as a rock and had holes in the sheets.Besides the small room, the entire hotel was just run in a very unprofessional manner. You have to leave your key at the front desk whenever you leave the hotel. First day there they lose our key, then break their master key in our room trying to open it. Their &quot;bar&quot; did not include any liquor or a bartender. Before checking in, you have to store your luggage in the hall next to a sign that reads &quot;not responsible for stolen luggage.&quot; Breakfast was decent, and the hotel is in a nice area close to Paddington Station. Location aside however, I would not recommend the Gresham Hotel.	
Nov 17 2008 	Would not go back	The room was small, dirty and noisy with window to a shaft so almost no light. TV required that you stand on top of bed to turn on and off and change channels--no remotes. Room was very dirty with dirt under bed, drawers filled with trash. Bathroom was small, but clean. Front desk staff were nice, but I had them call a taxi for us. The one they had sent --charged me the same rate for a ten minute walk (we had two heavy bags), as the one that had brought us across a town the day before. I would never go back or recommend. There are many hotels in the area. I walked around the area, and ended up staying in the Best Western The Delmere which gave me a better price and CLEAN room after I used my prebooked nights at The Gresham.	
Oct 20 2008 	Very Small	Room was very small but clean. Bathroom nearly as big as the room. Almost no storage. Toilet flush handle was broken. Dresser drawers were broken. English was not the first language of the desk staff. Asked about a local restaurant thatI had found on the internet and was directed to go to Soho soI assume the staff has no knowlege of the local area. I believeI could have gotten a better value for my money.	
Sep 5 2008 	Nice budget Hotel	We stayed in this hotel over the last week and had a wonderful experience. Excellent location and friendly staff. The hotel is on a busy street though, first we had room on ground floor which we requested to change due to fear of noise and they given us a very nice room on back side in 2nd floor. There was free Wi-fi and london maps. Breakfast was not included in our price and we only had taken it on our last day. Overall it was pleasent.	
Aug 20 2008 	Wheres the customer serivce?	Negative: They were quite rude and disrepectful of their young visitors. We were asked to pay upfront before we could even go to our room so I had to dig through my luggage in the lobby for the money and then we weren't given a reciept. So when I had to ask three times for the reciept because I wanted to prove that I paid incase we were asked at the end for the money since on my email confirmation they stated at the end we pay. The room was SMALL and you will most likely have a wonderful view of brick walls and WORST OF ALL the bed sheets were dirty from previous visitors. Positive: location was good but theres about 10 other hotels which could have better customer service and cleanier rooms litteraly right next to this one.	
Jul 15 2008 	Creaky Floors 	Unfortunately West London is full of shining examples such as the Gresham Hotel; overused establishments that receive little attention or housework or, more importantly, pay attention to reviews.From the outside the terraces along Sussex Gardens are gorgeous. But once you part with your money from the tidy reception area and step into the lift, it's a different place entirely - and not one you'll rate amongst the better hotels on your travels.I had a single room on the 2nd floor, which was just big enough for the bed, fittings and furniture was tired and very worn out...the floor creaked...the doors closed like thunder...the cold tap was hot...the hot tap was hotter. Need I continue?I didn't stick around to try the included Breakfast. Well, after a night itching and shuffling in the tired out bed who would.Somehow doubt I'll be back in a hurry!	
Jul 14 2008 	Filthy tiny rooms	We booked two rooms a double and a triple. Both were TINY little holes with windows facing into courtyards. The hotel was so noisy at night that we had to use earplugs .Staff expected us to pay CASH upfront and wanted to charge an additional 15% to use Visa Card. The rooms were tiny (double bed pushed against wall so could only climb in one side) no bedside tables and the bathrooms were SHOCKING the filth was quite unbelievable. The beds were not made up properly on the second and third mornings I had to complain to get the beds made up (duvet cover used as sheet and a small blanket on double beds) The laminated floors were so dusty that anything that fell on the floor had to be dusted off! The breakfast room consisted of a basement room with a sheet covered screen separating the kitchen area and they wanted to charge £7 a head for the privilege There are at least 30 hotels in this street try another one instead!	
Jul 7 2008 	NICE STAY	It was a pleasant stay and I really enjoyed it. Hotel was good and the price was also worth it. I do have business trips to UK and I enjoy staying here after one stay. The rooms are nice and the breakfast was fabulous!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 3 2008 	Cockroach	Upon arrival at this hotel we were given the keys two our rooms, (203 and 204) Room 204 was spacious and appeared to be in a realtively clean state, however room 203 was no bigger than a shoe box but appeared realtivelyy clean.We did not spend a great deal of time in the hotel only to have a shower and get ready for an evening at the theatre. Upon our return from the theatre we entered room 203 and switched on the lights to see a Cockroach run across the floor, under the bed. We called for the receptionist who was unable to catch it. We lifted the beds to find an array of rubbish and dirt, which inevitably left us unsurprised at finding a cockroach. As it was 1.30am we had no other option than to stay in the hotel until the morning, therefore having a restless nights sleep in the same room. I have recently been in contact with the manager regarding this issue and have been told that there can be no refund or discount returned to us as we stayed in the room. There was no other option to this due to the time of the incident. I have written to the hotels directors who have not had the courtesy to reply and am yet to get any kind of written apology for the incident. There are many hotels in London offereing accomoadtion of a much higher standard for a very similar price and I would recommend you stay well away from this hotel.	
Jun 28 2008 	Worst night ever!	Stayed at this hotel after paying £120 expected a half decent hotel. Our room was so tiny could hardly move, our window was wedged open and there was a boiler room right outside the window with the door left open which was very noisy. Didn't sleep all night as was kept awake by a member of staff running up and down wooden stairs all night long from 12am till 7am thats all we could hear plus plenty of banging doors and talking very loudly did not get one bit of sleep. Every time I did nearly fall asleep then the person would be running down the stairs making so much noise that it would wake me straight away. Worst hotel I have ever been to in my life!! We felt more like we were in a hostel. We booked through expedia and the hotel was described as peaceful what a joke! I would never go there again and would advise people to steer clear of this hotel.	
Mar 26 2008	great time	It was really nice stay in Gresham hotel. We group of four friends stayed in this hotel. Best thing was it is really close to central london and we had a good time in central london aswell as in hotel,memeber of staff were friendly . Room was bit small but not that bad it was clean though.	
Mar 12 2008	loved the stay	It is a nice hotel in a good location near to the city attractions. The rooms were small but were manageable and all it matters was I enjoyed my 2 night stay as the staff was friendly and the environment was good.	
Feb 25 2008 	'Oh What a night!'	Where do you start?Stopped off here with my family to spend a night at a theatre, meal and not have to have that late night trug to go back home.Mucked up our booking from the first moment we walked in. Asked for a twin and double - got? 3 singles and a double all on different floor. Receptionist and her side kick, were helpful but completely unfeeling at any stage. The sort of attuitude you would recieve from a hotel in the back streets of Cairo. But in my capital city? (NO disrespect to Cairo!) Single rooms? Prisoners have more space and better equipped cells then these rooms. Television reception lousy. Walls dirty. Bathroom very worn out, scaled shower head etc. The sheets WERE clean though. Bar? Asked for a water. Don't sell any. Had orange juice they only had one glass.No management evident at any time during our stay. Fire door in the bar locked. Breakfast? Don't bother. Disorganised, uncaring, mayhem at it's best. We walked in - and walked out!This place was very busy however with tourists, obvioulsy booked on line and stuck in a situation where they had paid and could not opt out - if they tried I'm sure the receptionist wouldn't know what to do anyway.Went out for a walk up to the traffic lights and spotted a sign from the Met Police ''Be aware - 39 prostitutes have been arrested in this area - 37 have been cautioned etc'If you haven't guessed - don't bother - because the owners obviously don't!	
Feb 24 2008 	Next time your passing... keep going!	Had booked two rooms, arrived and only one was reserved... this is only the beginning! Tiny, poor quality bedrooms- definately not clean. Three of us (2 adults 1 child) had to each have a seperate room because they had made a mistake with our booking. Not ideal to have your child in a seperate room on a different floor! We walked in and out of breakfast... it was like feeding time at the zoo! The tables were filthy, there was tea and coffee over the floor and there was nowhere for us to sit! Don't get in the lift... i did and as soon as i stepped in, it dropped about a foot so i quickly jumped back out and walked the four flights of stairs to my cupboard (my room!) Bar... what a joke! We asked for two drinks of water and they only had one glass! (no sparkling water available)The whole place smelt of stale cigarettes, three tonnes of dirty washing were abandoned at the bottom of the stairs and the fire exits were padlocked!!All in all... the best part of our stay, was leaving!	
Feb 13 2008 	Gresham Hotel '' wedding anniversary ''	My husband booked this hotel for our 4th wedding anniversary for which we stayed two nights.This hotel was recommended by one of his friend who stayed last year. And we did ask for best room in the hotel. They booked us room 245, our room were very nice and had everything you would want and we had to ask for nothing. Room was clean and bathroom with bathtub with good size we were very impressed. The next morning at breakfast we were seated promptly and the cooked breakfast was very nice indeed. About location it is just great very close to central London. We would book this hotel again without any hesitation whatsoever.	
Feb 9 2008 	hello its ok	everybody this hotel is fine,not that bad as some reviews, i already made my reservations for july. good breakfast,good location,nice staffs.i don't know what people expect from this budget.	
Feb 7 2008 	good location	we stayed here for one night. the location was great if you want to get out and about london. It is close to paddington station so anywhere on the tube network is easy to get to.I agree that rooms are bit small but they are very clean and comfortable. Ours was at the back so no traffic noise. breakfast was good staffs were friendly too. I would stay here again and i think it was good value and the location was perfect for us.	
Jan 30 2008 	what more can you ask for	we stayed at this hotel for four nights to see london ,our experience was great. the hotel is very near to station and central london. rooms are clean and it was full english breakfast which was great. the staff are a delight and nothing seems to be too much trouble, the manager of this hotel who we never met, is to be congratulated,not only for the standards of the hotel but also for the selection of the staff who work there.	
Jan 13 2008 	In Center Cheap 	It was by mistake that our agent booked us in this hotel instead the Gresham hotel at Bloomsbury. Arrived late night with my sick brother (came for treatment) and planned to stay the one night to avoid lose of the charges. We have stayed for more than 10 days in this hotel instead. it is very close to Paddington underground &amp; railway station, walking distance to Hyde park and oxford street market, you can travel to any place in London from any nearby bus station, cafe, restaurant near by. Cheap and above all the staff was very friendly. Yes the rooms are small and toilet is smaller than average. our stay was not continued one as we used to travel to Cardiff on weekends, we used different rooms in each check in, some of them has minor inconvenience matters but overall the rooms was clean and comfortable.Once only they forget our booking and the room which should be booked for us was given to another customer but they compensate us by offering another room at basement for one night only on a very attractive price.Only one disadvantage I noted, is the breakfast, it is the same breakfast every morning.My next trip will as well be in this hotel.	
Dec 11 2007	This may have been the worst hotel that we have ever stayed in	We made our reservation 6 months in advance, checked in shortly after noon and got a really bad 15X18 room; twin beds head to head with treadbare carpet that they wouldn''t dare vacuum, hole in the wall and finally the curtain coming down.The steam heating knob was missing and one had to keep the window open all night with noise drifting up from below. We asked for another ,but they insisted that this was the only one available. This, on the fourth floor, no lift, toilet and shower down the hall for $110 a night. So be warned!	
Nov 8 2007 	Basic 	We paid £70 per room and booked two rooms for one night. The rooms were very very small and had we been there any longer than one night I would not have been very happy. The bathroom was minute and freezing cold and the toilet didn't flush properly. The whole room was very dated, however the beds were clean and very comfortable. The breakfast was adequate, very pleasant staff who were eager to please. We were told when we arrived that we could park our car there for £10 for the night, when I asked if we could leave it until about four the following day I was told no as they would charge an extra £10!! for anything after 11am!! as we were checking in I said I would come back and let them know what I wanted to do with regards to the car, as we were thinking of taking it to a car park. I was told in no uncertain terms that if I wanted the parking space I needed to pay for it right now!! No receipt was given!!! I wonder if this is just a perk for the staff?All in all a very below average hotel not worth the money at all but hey this is London and it seems that you get what you pay for (whether we like it or not)	
Sep 7 2007 	The Worst Hotel ever....!!!	Filthy rooms, Broken toilet seat (which was not fixed for 2 days despite being promised), White members of staff only friendly to white customers, Cramped T-I-N-Y rooms, This hotel is a rip off.. DO NOT STAY HERE..	
Jul 21 2007	Small Rooms	Stayed 2 nights in this hotel, staff were friendly but did have great command english language. The room we were in was tiny, I know the room was cheap but you could not fully open thebathroom door for the bed! Room was on the ground floor and had no external windows or air conditioning it was hot. If your hard up stay here but itwas still £80 plus ofr this room.	
Jun 18 2007 	Cheap - but not cheerful	I used the hotel for one night, as I had my children with me we booked a family room. Luckily for me my kids are of an age to do as they are told - as the window was wide open and there was a sheer drop to the ground four floor below....am sure that many guest may have been tempted to jump!The blind wouldn't open - if daylight was required it was possible to wedge the blind through the open window - but one could only get the benefit of half a window.The shower room was disgusting, paint was peeling from the walls, the basin and shower base were made of something that looked like bakelite.....and it wasn't clean!The breakages in the room were too numerous to mention, as were the stains! The mousetrap in the diningroom was a little off-putting...even if it was empty!All that said.......the reception area was very presentable and the staff helpful and friendly, if all that is needed is a cheap (and safe) place to stay, then the hotel is adequate.	
May 15 2007	it is not a hotel	We first were tgoing to stay in the Bickenhall Hotel in Gloucester Place but they call us the same day tha we were going to arrive in London to tell us that the hotel was full so they had to send us to Gresham Hotel . When i saw the room i thought it was a joke but it wasnt .Very small room , very small shower room and that it's.Dirty carpet and they didnt change sheets while we were there for 4 nights.The staff its vwery kindly and they serve breakfast .	
Apr 25 2007 	Accounting nightmare And a dirty bed spread!	I booked in February and on arrival on April 21-22nd, there was no imformation on the computer system for our second room, Thanks God I bought along copies. Still don't know if I was charged even though I offered to pay in cash, it was refused and was told to pay at check out which they atill refused. My bedspread was very stained, even though the colour was brown the stains were quite visable. The lock on my window was broken, as I was downstairs any one could have gotten in. Was not allowed a spare key even though there was 4 of us. We had a hard time with one ot the locks. The trolley with cleaning materials and towels etc. stayed outside my room 256 all night. My pals stayed in room 208 and there was not even a number on the door. Because the door had two glass panes, one friend could not sleep all night due to the light shining in his eyes all night. They would not let me have a late check out, but let me store my bag in the bar area unlocked and unattended.	
Apr 14 2007	Will be using this hotel again	Firstly i will say, although i agree with some of the comments made about the hotel, like the shower head being in need of de-scaling and the blinds not being able to roll up, i have to say that my room was clean enough. Also i think that most people using a hotel of this style only need somewhere to get their heads down at night, not somewhere to stay for hours on end, i couldnt wait to get out and hit London. The staff were very friendly and helpful, and as far as i saw they could all speak very good English!! I will certainly be using this hotel again when staying in London.	
Jan 23 2007 	definately not a 3 star filthy roomdirty bedspread.	booked this as the photos of it looked nice, and also it stated 3 stars, my first time in a london hotel as we went to a west end show, we arrived around 2pm, the receptionist seemed friendly enough, we proceeded to our room small was ok, but filthy carpet, dirty shower head and definately not a fresh bedspread was not our idea of 3 stars for this hotel,i think 1 star would be going over the top.	
Dec 16 2006 	Best Hotel quality/price	The Hotel was clean and the staff very nice and helpful. I think the Hotel have a very value for the money spent. £60 for a double, nice location, room clean and staff OK!	
Sep 20 2006 	One to avoid	This was the worst hotel I ever stayed in. We had two rooms and.1.The floor carpet in room 249 had shards of glass embedded in it.2.The blind in room 249 would not raise.3.Rooms 249 and 238 smelt like an open sewer.4.Room 238 had open electrics over the bed (see two photographs attached) 5.Room 238 had a cracked window.6.In room 238 the top fell off the bed and left splinters on the pillow (see photos)7.The wardrobe in room 238 had a rusty screw instead of a handle (see photos)8.The sink in room 238 had no plug, just a 6” hole (see photos)9.The showerhead in room 238 was caked in limescale and mostly blocked (see photos)10.The glass shower screen in room 238 had no bracket and so fell into the shower and flooded the bathroom (see photos)11.The extractor in the ceiling in room 238 was covered in something that looked like moss (see photos)12.The extractor fan in room 249 did not make regulatory guidelines.13.The toilet roll in room 238 wasn’t new and it had wet hand inprints in it (see photos)	
Sep 18 2006	My room was full of insects	I have stayed at this place a few times and it has got more rundown each time. I kept comming back as I got a good deal and the location is good.However, I will never go back since my last visit. During the day all was okay but at night - very late at night - all these insects would crawl out from under the bathroom floor and go round the bathroom and unto the bedroom carpet also. I killed loads of them and reception said that other guests had complained too!!They refused to refund any money so that is the end of my dealings with them.	
Sep 1 2006	smiling people	I stayed at the Gresham Hotel in June 2006 for four days, I found the staff friendly and helpful.They have a bar so that was handy, the rooms were a little on the small size, but clean and tidy with an ensuite bathroom.It ' s a good value hotel for a short stay in central London.Mick, dublin	
Jul 28 2006	Dirty and dangerous	We were attracted to this hotel by location, the 3* rating, the statement, that families were welcome and that the hotel had been refurbished. We found that only the location matched expectations.On arrival the receptionist was unfriendly, and couldn't find our bookings (our party had multiple rooms booked). In the end we got our rooms. And then we then found a lot more to be troubled by:- the lift was dirty, and did not always work- carpets were dirty and there were various unpleasant odours in different areas of the hotel- laundry bags were left lining / blocking corridors - doors which opened directly over the top of narrow staircases, with no warning sign- room windows which did not lock - TVs which had virtually no reception- dirty bath, with hair in it- no plug on sink (our request for this to be remedied was ignored)- worn out soft furnishings- shower that leaked onto floor- another shower with no temperature control (only very hot)Concerned about cleanliness, security and accident risk (particularly for the kids) we cut short our stay and left. The receptionist did not seem surprised, and promised the manager would contact us. We've heard nothing.We found another hotel in London ( a genuine 3* - clean and friendly ) and enjoyed the rest of our holiday.	
Mar 25 2006	Yek!	Just a small holiday to visit London, since we have got a baby coming up in July and will not have a Summer holiday this year.We arrived at about 2:30 pm. The owner threw the key at us and mentioned room 240 on the 4th floor. Strange thing, the numbers in the elevator just numbered up from 202 tot 239. Some additional room?At our arrival on the 4th floor there was this trolley of the cleaning lady who hardly spoke any English. The room was not clean yet and we could leave our luggage in front of the door to the room. Come back in about an hour. We trembled to the door of the chamber avoiding the loose ends of the carpet on the floor. On our way down we discussed that the room ought to be available after 1:00 pm according to the information.When we got in the room two hours later, we had a bit of a shock. Strange stains everywhere. A bed that was not long enough to fit in, for a person with a length of 1.90 meters (6'4&quot;). The room was dark, since the curtain was closed and guess what, we could not even open it, since the curtain was a 'bit' damaged. The tv-set appeared to be a laugh, since an in-room antenna is being used and you probably have a better view in some third world countries.One had to step into the shower to close the door of the bathroom, since the bathroom is that small. In the bathroom there were several surprises. The lamp was broken and we found the remains underneath the sink. The electricity wires were open and touchable in the bathroom. The shower was an exquised location for a biological researcher. Never did I see so many forms of mould on the large quantities of chalk which were present on the shower head.Great detail was the situation of the tiles in the batroom. Several had been broken and the remains were put back on their places with some glue and kit.Even an artist like Gaudi, who used to work with tiles, would have had tears in his eyes because of the result.In case of a fire, you probably would not have any chance to leave this hotel alife, since the trolley of the cleaning ladies was left behind in the hallway on several occasions during the night.The breakfast was great. After our first night we got up for breakfast and there were some sandwiches to make toast. Just after half an hour the other items for breakfast were brought in. It appeared that they had not realized what time it was. And since we were the only guests that were up for breakfast... Anyway communication was hardly possible, since the people spoke hardly English.Best thing that probably could have happened to us, was that the owner made his threats come true. We complained about the situation we had found in our room and he threatened us that he could kick us out if we did not stop our complaining. Anyway, after several complaints to our travel agent, we were transferred to another hotel. Thank God!	
Mar 25 2006	Avoid this hotel!	I agree with most of the comments already made about this hotel. The hotel has:1. dirty rooms, especially bath room. Shower was mouldy, rest of bath room dirty.2. unfriendly staff, who are willing to kick you out of the hotel if you complain3. small beds. Bed was only 1.90 metres long, whereas at least 2.00 metres is standard. My husband did not fit in this bed!	
Feb 26 2006	You get what you pay for	I was so worried about going to the hotel after I read the reviews but the two rooms I booked were fine.I booked two twin rooms. My room was on the second floor. It was small with two single beds, a small toilet/shower room, wardrobe, dressing table with portable tv, hairdryer and kettle. The second room was was on the ground floor at the back and was slightly larger but didn't have a hairdryer but did have an extra storage area. This room only had a skylight and a window onto the corridor.The rooms were clean although, some descaler needs to be used on the showers and the covers on the beds could do with a wash but the sheets and towels were clean.The staff were very helpful. They are all foreign but the reception staff are fluent in English. it is only the cleaners that can speak broken English.The continental breakfast consisted of cornflakes, weetabix, orange, apple and grapefuit juices, various pastries, muffins, bread and jam, tea and coffee. There were toasters available should you want to use them. You could eat an unlimited amount and was very nice.There are plenty of places to eat out in the eveing near the hotel as the hotel does not have a restaurant.We paid just under £24 each from a last minute booking website a week before we went. I think the price is about right for what you get. Of course there are nicer places but you also pay more.I would stay at the Gresham again should I ever have the misfortune to have to go to London again!	
Feb 16 2006 	Great for catching crabs	Awful.It stinks. The room (212) was dirty. So were the sheets both inner and outer.Toilet was not flushed and had urine in and a ring around the water line as it had been left like that for some time. Toilet seat was wooden and cracked. Shower rusty, dirty and full of mildew. I didn't check if it worked and there was no bath.No window locks and I was only one floor up with a drainpipe and sill outside - easy to get in.Furniture broken. Carpet dirty. Bar closed.There was no way I was getting in the bed - it was covered in stains and had hair etc on it. I'd rather sleep rough.I am not bothered about the size of the room - but incase you are, it was tiny and so was the telly.I stayed there for approximately 5 minutes. I complained and said I wanted a refund as my room was not fit for purpose. I got nowhere. I was told to talk to the Manager in the morning, but there was no way I was staying. They offered to 'upgrade me' but were going to charge me for it! Unbelievable paying MORE to stay in this pigsty. No way it is a 3 star - I've stayed in a 1 star that was miles better. I will be contacting Environmental Health. Its so dirty I can only imagine what the kitchens are like. Another guest attempted to cancel while I was there.I went to the Stylotel about 4 doors away. It is £50 a night and is modern and clean - and you don't feel like you need to be sheep dipped after a night there. The staff are lovely at the Stylotel - its not posh - but it is nice, clean and quite new - they have a website. I've stayed before. The bathrooms are those all plastic type wetrooms you get in IBIS hotels. Small - but hygienic. Laminate floors in the bedrooms and clean sheets. They told me that lots of people come to them having left the Gresham. The Gresham IS cheap yet manages to be massively overpriced. There are better, cleaner hotels for £25.It is a terrible place - never go - I have never stayed anywhere worse. Hotels in the area that are better are Caesar, Queens Gdns £60 a night. Stylotel, Sussex Gdns £50 (£60 a double) and Ramada Hyde Park which is lovely and I have got that before for £52 (and they forgot to charge for parking :) ).	
Sep 27 2005	Lots of room for improvement	Did you know there are 3 hotels in London with VERY SIMILAR names?? I didn't find out that this was the hotel I'd inadvertently booked myself into (thru travel agent) until 2wks before my trip. *sigh* oh well. After reading all the scathing reviews I had prepared myself mentally for a shock... well, it wasn't as big of a shock as I'd expected. Ok, it was a little too grubby with mysterious stains on carpet and on outer bed covers (but not the actual sheets themselves), crusty bathroom scum, saw a cockroach running across my room, towels weren't replaced (instead they were re-folded onto my bed to LOOK as if replaced), and the lift brokedown the day after I'd arrive. Customer service was non-existent and the staff had poor grasp of the English language and the local area. Other than that, the hotel suited my needs - close to a train/tube station, and a place just to shower and sleep. My youth and independence stood me in good stead at this hotel (I dragged and carried my luggage and backpack down 6 flights of stairs). Definitely, won't go back there again. But then you do get what you pay for.	
Aug 8 2005	Filthy!	Whilst this hotel is well located and near Paddington Station, it is in severe need of a good clean and requires a maintenance programme - do not believe the claim that it has recently been refurbished. The beds and towels are clean - but that's about it! Carpets are filthy, all bedroom fittings are dirty and if your room has a microwave etc - you will have to battle the dust and grime to use them. The bathroom was disgusting and the shower head was so rusted and covered in limescale that it could not be used - and try having a bath without a bath plug. All of this is complemented by discoloured sealant (orange/brown) everywhere! If you do visit, do not pay in advance since the manager and employees (all with limited English) will not give a refund if you decide to fnd alternative accommodation. I know that this is not the most expensive hotel in London but it is not too much to expect the facilities to be clean!	
Jan 3 2005	Disappointed	This was my first trip to London and my last. The basement room with no view and odd odors was not to my expectations. The room while larger than expected had water stained curtains for the very high and short basement type windows. The room was not decorated at all and the beds were worn out and very uncomfortable. The furniture was all very cheap and worn. The 13&quot; television had poor reception and was too small to enjoy the 4 available stations. The room was usable as was the bathroom but multiple small maintenance issues existed. I had to use a flashlight to use the restroom facilities in the restaurant area due to a faulty light. The open bar as stated in the ad was never opened during the 6 night stay. The breakfast service was fine due to a very friendly waitress that was also the cleaning person. The hotel lacked in cleaning and overall mainteneance. Had we been in the US we would have moved to a much nicer facility.The clerks were initially nice and helpful but did not remain that way. They had made a mistake in the booking and had us staying only 5 nights when we had booked 6. They were very rude to us at this point and actually harrassed my 2 kids as they went out. We showed the reservation confirmation showing 6 nights but they remained rude and harrassing to my family. They also did not clean the room on the last nights stay. I do not know what the typical hotel in the UK is like but this hotel would never stay open in the US with the maintenace, cleanliness and attitude problems that currently exist.	
Dec 4 2004	Totally fine	My husband and I stayed here last February and wanted to let folks know that it is a totally decent place to stay. The rooms are the typical European small, but well-decorated, clean, and complete with electric teapot. They included coffee and a continental breakfast. It's close to the Paddington tube stop which makes it incredibly convenient for touring London.	
Oct 18 2004 	It's a fine little Hotel	I was horrified when I read the reviews but it seems to me that some have unrealistic expectations. Sure, I've stayed at better hotels with bigger rooms and more facilities - but not at this price. This is a good value, clean and well cared for hotel. The staff were friendly, helpful and do speak English!The location is superb. I would certainly use it again.	
Oct 18 2004	Poor London Hotels	Unfortunately I had read the previous comments only after I had made a firm reservation via HRS (where I thought to have made a bargain at GBP 55 a night for a nice place). Luckily I was thus pre-warned, when visiting the hotel for 4 days in October 2004. Downside:Most of the points mentioned by previous comments were true: the rugs may have been vacuum cleaned, but still were stained with black stripes. Also I did not want to know what kind of spots there were on the bedspread...Upon arrival I had asked for a quiet room. It turned out that they had planned to put us in a windowless basement room! I objected and was re-booked with no further problem. Next day the receptionist asked with a big smile how we liked the room, for she especially took personal care that we got a larger, clean room! I was surprised: If this was supposed to be &quot;a larger room&quot;, what do other rooms look like?! Our room was tiny and you had the choice of either closing the door to the hall or open the small closet on the other side of the room by moving the 2 beds sideways one way or the other!Doing that, we too have made the experience, that sweets from previous visitors were still under the bed - for another 2 days ...The room was indeed newly painted, but still equipped with the old worn-off furniture from the early 80s (my guess). Besides I never liked the (not only) British customs of using thin (synthetic) blankets with just a sheet instead of proper duvets / continental quilts.Up-side:Staff was friendly and all spoke English very well (though were not native speakers) and tried to accomodate visitors. The bathroom was spottlessly clean and all towels were changed daily.Breakfast was ok if you like it frugal (just toast or buns with artificial jam, portioned muesli or croissant). Although they had difficulties in keeping up getting enough clean dishes out in peak times, there were no plastic cups etc around and everything was neat and tidy in the breakfast room. The hotel is located very conveniently to Paddington Station, Heathrow Express and various busses to the city center.Fazit:I'm a regular visitor to London and have yet to find a hotel that is worth its price. Compared to prices, size and quality of rooms I've seen this year alone in Hotel Russell, Raddisson Edwardian, Holiday Inn Express etc. my rating for The Gresham is more favourable than I would rate the same performance in a hotel in Germany.	
Apr 21 2004	The Hideous Gresham Hotel 116 Sussex Gardens  London		
Dec 15 2003	very disappointed!!		
Aug 17 2009 	potrete trovare di meglio		
Mar 9 2009 	Tres bon rapport pour le prix payé		
Jul 1 2008 	cuidadín con las tarifas		
