Feb 7 2009 	stay away	what a dump , dont be enticed by cheap price and location, its a dump.	
Feb 17 2007 	Never again	Take a leaf out of my book and do not stay in this place. If it wasn't for the fact that I went to London only for three days [November 2002], I would have taken my stuff and moved to another hotel. Justification:1/ the worst of all - I booked the room via Internet and received no acceptance for two days, so called them again asking for any feedback - they said that my room was booked and that everything was ok. Mind you, I particularly wanted a single en suite. When I came to the hotel, the reception desk was closed although they knew the time of my arrival. Then a little boy came out and said that I was to take the room at Cedar Hotel, which was a part of Annexe. I went there and they told me that the room is ready; however, it was a double room with a sink, not the suite I booked. 2/ the room was quite shabby and the window did not close [thank god it was warm]3/ the staff was very unfriendly4/ the other guests were mostly youths from different countries - so I guess if you want to party, you may have a try, but otherwise don't.	
Jan 28 2007	Do Not Stay Here	DO NOT under any circumstances stay at this hotel. I booked a single with no facilities. However what I was given was smaller than my broom cupboard at home. It was also right behind the railway tracks entering Victoria railway station which meant constant noise throughout the night. The toilet was 2 floors away and the small fridge they provided didn't work. The location is good for Victoria coach station moreso than Victoria rail station. The staff at breakfast were fairly pleasent with a polite good morning. However the room was so dreadful that that these factors paled into significance. So do not be tempted by the price, DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Jan 22 2007 	Good place for location and price	My boyfriend and I originally booked at the Cedar Guest House through its web site for January 5-8 2007, but it turns out all the small hotels on this street are actually connected. Upon arrival, we were transferred to the Annexe Hotel. We had an ensuite double room. The room was tiny, the decor was ugly, and there wasn't any kind of customer service. But it was clean enough (not sparkling though) - as in there weren't bed bugs or any other creatures, breakfast was provided (although we didnt take advantage of this), we got it at an excellent price (40 pounds/night), and the location was close to public transportation and popular tourist sites (right off of Victoria Station). This hotel was adequate for us, but I guess it depends on what is important to you.	
Nov 5 2006	WARNING: Stay away from this hotel	Arrived laden with luggage at the annexe hotel for a long trip the next day. We were greeted by a voice on the intercom who asked us our names, on answering his question we were then told that our room had been taken as we had given him the wrong credit card details and there were no available rooms left for the evening. Fortunately, as i had read some bad reveiws about this hotel and the way it conducts buisness, i had on my person the reservation details that i had printed from the internet. these had all my credit card details on them and woe and behold they were correct. He then proceded to try and tell me that he had tried to email me to let me know. which also happened to be a blatant lie. We had phoned twice to confirm our reservation and were twice told everything was fine. We then had a confrontation with him out the front of his hotel and were then told he had another hotel around the corner that we could stay at . what a shambles that hotel turned out to be. all in all our experience with the hotel annexe got our holiday of to a bad start and if this can stop other travellers from going through the same rubbish we had to then job done.	
Jan 1 2006	Well worth the money	The hotel is just okay but for the price it is well worth it. It is clean and cosy and offers a simple breakfast every morning- very similar to a bed and breakfast in every way but the cost. My only warning is to bring earplugs because the tube station is right across the street and is not quiet. The beds are very comfortable though. Overall, well worth it.	
Dec 11 2005	Customer Service?	Firstly when we got to the reception they made us wait outside in the [...] cold for 10min while they were inside doing who knows what.When we finally got inside to the reception desk we were told that the Hotel had cancelled our reservation and had informed us of this via email and telephone. This was far from being true, as we were never informed of this.So after being told of this we simply asked for another room, no problem the sign hanging up said Rooms Available. The nice man behind the reception said this was not possible because they were holding this for other customers.(at 23:00???) Anyways finally we left, what can you do if they say they cancelled our reservation without informing us. We proceeded to the Comfort Inn around the corner where they told us that people were turned away constantly from Annexe Hotel with the same problem....¨thanks Annexe Hotel for a great London stay¨	
Jul 29 2005	Decent enough - positive experience	I have booked a double ensuite in jan 2005 at this hotel through their website. The other 4 or 5 hotels/b&amp;b in the same street (hugh str) are owned by the same management and basically are all the same so I got a view of what to expect by reading the other reviews, which were terrible.I was tight on budged and I knew that I had to stay there just 2 nights, most of which to be spent outside, hanging out London til late night.Another thing we totally need was LOCATION. And the hotel has it. Close to victoria station and the coach station which we needed at 3 am.I made a phone call directly to them months before and they told me it was fully booked, they suggested me to try anyway with their website booking. Not only the booking system at their website allowed me to book anyway but for that period there was also a special discount for my type of room, which usually costs around 50-55, but I had for around 41 (all GBP £). I previously made a deep research, nothing in that area costs that amount, most of the places I contacted who had the same prices were with shared bathroom.We have been given a room with bathroom inside, everything was decently cleaned, no bedbugs, no other animals, no hairs or traces of previous people, no dirt in the bathroom.The room is very small, there is a double bed and you can barely walk inside. If you have small luggage you are lucky: travellers and luggage can stay altogether in the room. There is no drawer or other place to store things. There is TV and cups and necessary to have tea. We didn't use any of those things anyway.The area is not noisy, the street is pretty silent and you cannot hear the trains at victoria station. It doesn't seem even a bad neighbourhood, since we got back from shows at midnight/2 am and we found basically NOBODY around.The bathroom is proportioned with the room, small, imagine an elevator for max 3 people capacity, put a WC and small basin inside, that's the bathroom. The shower is provided from above, because the whole bathroom with water on becomes a shower, a bit odd for italian taste but we weren't in London to write an essay on brit showers. Me and my friend both used it and found no problem.I remember there wasn't freezing cold, anyway, the windows although old, didn't have any hole and we didn't suffer any inconvenience through the night. Breakfast the morning after was typical from UK B&amp;B, cereals, milk, tea, coffee, bread whatever and it was included in that price.I was in doubt to give this place a 3 or 4 star, I decided for 4 for 2 reasons: one is the price/value which was good (remember I paid 41 per night) and the second because when we checked out at noon and had to leave luggage there to be picked up at 3 am later on, they let us with no charge. Both hostels I was in previously I visited London charged me an incredible amout of pounds just to leave luggage in a common room. Those guys kept our 3+ suitcases there for 12+ hours at no charge. They have no curfew, which is good also if you spend the night at pubs/shows/out.The staff was overall friendly and not rude. I did see also many &quot;clearners&quot; during mornings going up and down the stairs who seemed to work a lot.Keep in mind that I don't advice this to families with children, old people (there's no elevator and the building is a very old victorian one, with very difficult stairs), and if you think you need extra room for your clothes, or a desk to write/read. I am sure they have bigger rooms on request and more expensive.If you are 2 at this point a hostel will cost you as much (if you consider the extras, linen, breakfast, luggage deposit, lockers). If you are upgrading from hostels to b&amp;b/hotels you can try.I can understand the needs of the budged traveler more than the high-class tourist at the hilton so I hope I wrote a clear and honest picture about this place. If I had to go again with a friend with my same needs and taste I would take into consideration getting back here.	
Mar 31 2005	Bad! will not stay again	the room is small with bad smell, even though i booked the ensuit room but actually i have not take bath in the bathroom as it make me feeling not well. the price is not expensive but next time, it is better pay a little more to other B&amp;B rather than stay in here.	
Aug 27 2008 	Muy buena situación lo demás muy mal.		
Oct 11 2006 	Service mediocre et chambres horribles		
