Nov 9 2009 	Hidden Gem	Close to both Queensway and Bayswater tube stations. Very clean room and not as small as expected. Bed was comfortable. Although breakfast room was small in size, there was always a table available. Breakfast choices were good. Really good coffee. Staff were suitably friendly. The shower had decent pressure for a hotel. The toilet was a bit high off the floor so this would be uncomfortable for shorter people. Overall, very good value for the cost.	
Nov 2 2009 	Avoid Single Rooms - Tiny	Stayed in a single room -- this was tiny even by London standards.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great location great bathroom shame about everything else!	Myself and some of my family stayed in this hotel for the last weekend in August for 3 nights. When we walked in the door of reception, instead of beeing greeted by a smile and hello we got a blank bored stare and &quot; You have booking?.... Things went downhill from there, I can honestly say I have never experienced a more rude unhelpfull recetionist in my life. The comment book in the hallway is full of notes written about how grumpy and useless the reception staff are, I have no idea how they still have jobs.The rooms are TINY! I mean i've stayed in cheap small hotels before but these rooms are TINY!!! Trust me the photos on the website of the rooms are very creatively taken. Right next door is a backpackers hostel and the walls in the hotel are paper thin so bring earplugs, I could actually here an entire conversation happening in one of the dorms. I could keep going there were so many problems, like there arent enough tables in the breakfast room to accomodate a fully booked hotel and the breakfast is completely different to the one laid out in the menus in the room.But on a postive note the location is fantastic, its a two minute walk to the Queensway tube station and a taxi into Oxford st is only about £8.00. Also the open top tour bus stops around the corner.Overall I had a great trip tp london but I do wish a had splashed out a little more money and stayed in a better hotel. Just some of my opinions!	
Apr 16 2009 	Great value but tiny and noisy	We stayed here the last week of March, and you can't beat the price and location for 75 dollars a night. The room was very nice and tasteful, but it is tiny even by European standards. Their double bed is barely big enough for one person. Same goes for the shower, which I could only enter by turning sideways. The location is great though. 5 minutes to the tube and some good shopping and restaurants, and Kensington park is only 2 minutes away. They also have a good breakfast of breads and cereals, and a few other items. Nothing special, but it was fresh and filling, and was included in the price of the room. It does get loud at night on the weekend, and the windows don't keep out much sound, so if you are a light sleeper you better bring earplugs. I would definitely recommend for a traveler on a strict budget, but next time I think I'll pay a little more for a place with a bigger bed.	
Mar 16 2009 	For the Value-Orientated Tourists Who Don't Mind Staying in a Shoe Box	In a nutshell: most value/budget-orientated tourist will be happy, but it is not without flaws, especially service-wise. It is not for the seasoned or demanding tourits, but average Joe might be happy to have found a good deal for London. Value-wise a good deal for London.The good:- location, near a nice high street with shops, cafés and restaurants and 2 major undergroud stations only 5 minutes away, also Kensington Park is around the corner!- suprisingly clean and functional rooms, no complaints here!- newly refurbished (IKEA furniture...)- appropiate value for London- okay breakfast with suprisingly good coffeeThe bad:- tiny, and I mean TINY rooms, so tiny they only have the space for a folding chair and a folding table.- service is amateurish. Staff don't know local bus lines, and don't know international hotel standard, even for a small hotel like this.- we were asked to pay upfront, before seeing the room, and told this is &quot;international standard&quot; (totally [--]).- after checking out we asked to leave the luggage at the hotel until we take our flight. We were asked to pay a deposit of a pound per bag, and had to deposite our bags ourselves in a semi-public accessable armoire in the first floor, no security whatsoever. Of course we were told that is standard everywhere....hallo?? Do they want to take us for fools?Please Note: I highly adise this hotel if you plan to use it as a base for a bigger European tour - YOU WILL NOT FIND ENOUGH SPACE FOR YOUR LUGGUAGE! For a weekend trip this hotel is a decent choice, but nothing to write home about.	
Mar 12 2009 	Lovely but tiny!	I found it on laterooms, at about £75 a night, which for London and the area was good. I was a little dubious because I couldn’t find any reviews on trip advisor, but the pictures were good, as were the reviews on laterooms so I went for it.The location is fantastic, so close to queensway and Bayswater tubes. On the door step of hyde park, lots of restaurants and shops in the local vicinity and walking distance to nottinghill. Overall a great base for visiting London.The hotel is very modern and very clean. Check in was fine, but when I was given my room, I couldn’t believe how small it was! Literally not much bigger than the size of a double bed. It would have been ok for one person, but for 2, it was a nightmare. My partner had to go for a walk in the evening so I had room to get ready and there wasn’t space to open out your case. It was a shame because everything else with the room was perfect. Lovely, but small, ensuite bathroom with powerful shower. Newly decorated, nice carpet, comfy bed, mini fridge, iron etc. No full length mirror though. The other big problem was the lift! Our room was right next to the lift shaft and the noise kept us up most of the night!Not much choice for breakfast, but fine to grab a coffee and a pastry.If the room wasn’t so small and I was away from the lift, this place would be perfect! Clean, modern, great location! I guess you can't have it all.	
May 10 2009 	43 cm quadrati di camera ma bella e pulita		
Apr 29 2009 	Trato insultante		
