Nov 24 2009 	Wouldn't use again	Arrived at hotel, which is tucked away from oxford street at the far end of marble arch . I was greeted by a poorly spoken member of reception staff who had diffuclity in retriveing my booking, having eventually retrived my booking from the system they checked me in. I was given directions to the room and left to my own devices.Having found the room eventually, via a very small and slow lift, I was suprised to find the suite was fairly spacious and clean.After a early evening performance at the theartre, we decided that we would return to the hotel to have dinner in the very nicely decorated restaurant, unfortunatly the food was far inferior than the surroundings, we recived our starters that were described as a hot starter served only slightly warm, then the main course comprissing of a fillet steak, which I had requested medium rare appearing on my plate clearly over cooked and served with cold vegetables, as was my wifes choice of main course, having waited a further 10 mins to get the attention of the waiter, by which time we had gone off the thought of eating, we decided just to have coffee instead, to be fair they did offer to replace our main course, but we had waited 30 mins in the first place between our starter and main course. We did complain in the morning and the food was deducted from our final bill. Will not be using this hotel again	
Nov 9 2009 	Spacious Hotel Rooms	Stayed here for 2 nights at an end of a 11 day trip through London and Paris. Great location a block away from the Marble Arch tube station so close to all the shops on Oxford, but on a relatively quiet street. Very friendly staff. The room was extremely large compared to the other two hotels we stayed at during our trip. The room reminded me more of an American hotel room with the amount of space available. The bathroom was also quite spacious. The room was also very contemporary in decor with a nice LCD TV. The biggest CON to the room was the fact that you will need to walk up 2 flights of stairs to get to the room. Our room was located on the top floor and the elevator did not go there. I'm sure if you were unable to climb the stairs, the staff would provide service, but it was annoying dragging even our carry-on bags up the stairs after a long day of traveling. Granted the front desk did ask if we needed help which we declined not realizing it would be 2 flights. I booked the hotel through travelzoo.com with a 50% discount making it a more reasonable price. I would stay again for that same price, but would not if I had to pay full price.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Location Very Nice Hotel	I stayed here when attending a conference and extended my stay through the weekend as well. The hotel has a really great location right off Oxford St. Very close to the tube, but also a street away from all the chaos. Perfect location for shopping and also within walking distance to Hyde Park. A taxi to Piccadilly is £6, but buses and the tube are very easy to use. Walking would be probably 30 minutes.Check in was efficient, check-out took a bit longer but it was with a trainee. There was a discrepancy on the mini-bar charges, but they took off what we didn't have without a problem.Our room was on the highest floor, floor 5 and you could only take an elevator to floor 4 and then you had to walk up the stairs. Wasn't a problem for us as we didn't have much luggage. Staff were friendly throughout and I really liked the townhouse feel of the building. We usually stay in branded, larger hotels, but this one provided that older hotels can maintain the charm while having updated features.The room was rather small (but this is London), but nicely done. There was a flat screen TV, a variety of mini-bar options and a fairly spacious bathroom with nice amenities and fixtures. I would recommend a more high-power hair dryer in the room. My complaint would really be about the bed and bedding. The bed, while not absurdly uncomfortable, really wasn't great at all. Then the blanket was sufficient, but there was no sheet. The blanket was actually rather small so that my husband and I were constantly tugging to have it cover us properly. they should put an extra blanket in the closet or another sheet on the bed. The room is rather small for 2, but as long as your not spending too much time in it, it's fine.Despite the bed issues, I would consider staying here again, especially if I get a good deal.	
Sep 29 2009 	amazing hotel. wish we had found this before	arrived in london with 2 colleagues, but nor reservation. luckily for us, our usual hotel of 6 years recommended the leonard. we will always stay there from now. in fact we have already made another booking and i will laso be staying there with my family in the new year.the rooms are amazing. i see on this site some people got upgraded. we didnt and didnt need to. the rooms were big with tea and coffee facilites and great bathrooms. the rooms have wireless and hard wired (which we used as more secure) in all the rooms and wireless in public areas. they were also very cleanbut the best thing is the staff. they knew all our names before we left and could not have looked after us more. brilliant location, 100 meters from oxford street and hyde park. would recommend it to anyone.	
Aug 15 2009 	Very friendly central hotel	We stayed for one night in early August. The hotel was very easy to find, just a two minute walk from Marble Arch Tube station. Check in was straightforward and we were given an upgrade on our room which started off our trip on the right foot. Our room was on the fifth floor and the lift went to the fourth which meant carrying our cases up one flight of stairs. Not a problem with small overnight cases but would have been difficult if we had been staying longer and had more luggage. The room was nicely decorated with a flat screen TV and DVD player, well stocked mini bar, ironing board and iron and hairdryer available in the room. The bathroom was large and modern. We stayed during one of the hottest nights of the year and were very grateful that the room had air conditioning. We didn't eat at the hotel but had a drink in the bar in the evening. Prices were about what we would have expected for a central London hotel. The hotel was very quiet overnight which was surprising given its central location. Breakfast the next morning was fabulous (we had the English breakfast). Check out the next day was hassle free. We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in Central London. The staff were very friendly and check in out were very efficient.	
Jul 22 2009 	The Best Location  Cozy Hotel friendliest staff!	I stayed with my family and my 1 year old baby . the staff was very very helpful , they even made us a better booking , cheaper one , bigger room once we arrived! we saved quite alot of money because of their reccomendation! The lobby lady , Katrina , was super sweet. she helped us alot especially we had a baby with us. the first room we stayed in , I had to sleep in the sofa bed , it was broken and the sweet roomservice lady went by herself down stairs to inform management. they switched us right away ( next day) to another room.beautifully furnished and very clean. well , with our luck , my mom saw a rat , which is very very usual at London hotels.. and we had to move to another room. we stayed in a bigger suite for NO EXTRA CHARGE. then moved to our final room in the 4th floor. the location is IDEAL.. easy walk to shops and resturants.. and Hyde park too! breakfast was nice! on weekends they have buffets . the sweet waitors were so helpful with my baby . had baby high chair and everything ready once we get in the breakfast room. I especially thank RAJ for his help and sweetness! I would definetly stay here again.	
Jul 13 2009 	AMAZING hotel in a GREAT location	As my husband and I have been returning to this hotel for quite a few years now, I felt it was well overdue a review! I cannot praise The Leonard highly enough - nor it's super friendly, helpful staff! For me, it's one of those quintessential English hotels - very clean and oh so COSY - especially in the winter when they have a roaring fire to welcome you. The rooms are a decent size with nice little touches, the restaurant has served us up some extremely appetising meals and the delicious breakfasts will set you up for the rest of the day. All in all, 10 out of 10!	
Jun 13 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel with attentive staff and great location.	My wife and I completed a 2 week stay at the Leonard in May 2009, and we will definitely stay there again when we return to London. We requested a ground floor room before our arrival and the staff was able to accommodate our request. We were pleasantly surprised at the size of the room and the bath, and we never felt cramped. The room had high ceilings with beautiful moldings and wallpaper, and heavy draperies which, when closed, completely blocked light and the infrequent sounds from Seymour Street. Housekeeping kept the room spotless. The staff at the front desk helped us with planning our sightseeing day, identifying our transportation choices, booking theater tickets, and answering all of our questions. It was personal service, and we loved it.We booked the &quot;bed and breakfast&quot; rate, which included a breakfast buffet on the weekends and breakfast cooked to order on the weekdays. While we never dined at the hotel for dinner, the dining room was elegantly appointed, and the breakfast was of high quality and included the option of ordering a full English breakfast. Freshly squeezed juice, fresh fruit compote, porridge, cereals, and fresh breads were also available. The wait staff was prompt and polite, and always greeted us with a courteous smile.The hotel is one block from Marble Arch and Oxford Street ,and 2 blocks from Selfridge's department store. Marble Arch has a tube stop, and Oxford Street is on what seems like 20 different bus lines. The location is minutes by tube or bus to the west end theaters, the shopping on Regent street, or the museums, churches, and tourist sites at Trafalgar Square and the City. If you like large hotels with grand entrances, and huge crowds, (and in general, impersonal service), the Leonard is not for you. If however, you want a unique hotel experience, with a pleasant and attentive staff, who you will get to know by name, stay at the Leonard. We will be back.	
Jun 11 2009 	Leonard Apartment - Hotel For Rats	booked this place thru an agent which is useless and unhelpful to our requests.RATS IS VISIBLE ESPECIALLY AT NITE.heating system is old.the carpet is dusty.	
May 26 2009 	Sophisticated comfort in an excellent location!	Was worried when I read the previous reviews that we had made a bad choice in this booking....needn't have worried! I will complain when waranted, but really, this was overall a great experience!The hotel itself is an old town house in a very nice part of London, just down from Portman Square and next door to Marlybone Police station. For the shoppers among you, its literally around the corner from Oxford street (2 mins walk), great for dropping back the bags, when they get heavy!!Found the staff to be excellent from the Reception staff at check-in, to the bar staff and staff at breakfast. We had room 8...previous reviewers didnt have nice things to say about it, all I can say is that you must live in palaces. Lovely old world decor, not dated at all. All the mod cons you need, shower great, minibar, comfy beds and pillows. Its like you have stepped back in time to another world! Yes, I will say that the sofa in the room doesnt suit the size of the room, but thats me being picky!Breakfast was wonderful, all the choice of continental and the Full English. On the Monday (As the buffet wasn't available), we ordered omelettes for a nice change.Bar staff at night were lovely and very helpful. We came back back one of the nights a little early and decided to get a nightcap...4 cocktails later, you can imagine! They were called &quot;Niagra Falls&quot;, try them!Overall great experience, and will deffinitely be making the Leonard my 1 stop when ever I go to London again!	
Apr 18 2009 	Could have been better	When we arrived the receptionist advised us that our rooms weren't ready but we could leave our cases, the receptionist was very informative and helpful.When we eventually got into our rooms we were advised that as requested two rooms were close to each other, rooms 7&amp;8 which are downstairs next to the dining room. The rooms are very large and clean, the down side was that the rooms didn't smell very nice, not sure if someone had eaten an Indian meal in both rooms the previous night. Both rooms were very dark and decor very old fashioned, dark drapes and bedding makes the rooms appear darker, we had to use the lights most of the time during the day. The bed was comfortable, but pillows very flat!We hadn't been in our room very long when the door bell went and in walked a cleaner, we were shocked, she didn't wait to be invited into the room which I wasn't happy about and could have caused embarrassement to all concerned, all she wanted to do was flush the toilet, stated that she had been teaching a new member of staff, this intrusion was not neccessary and she should have waited to have been invited in to the room.We tried the food in the evening, we were going to the theatre and felt eating in was the best option, big mistake........staff were very nice but disorganised, they were unable to tell us soup of the day until chef came down some 15mins later. I had fish and chips with mushy peas and at £12.95 I felt that fresh chips rather than frozen should be used, wasn't convinced that the fish was fresh either. The eating experience could have been better if the TV over the bar was switched off and the cleaner wasn't hoovering the floor. Felt very sorry for one member of staff as he was told off in full view of us for something trival, very bad management which made us feel uncomfortable. Breakfast in the morning was lovely no complaints.The positives of the hotel are location, price and staff. I'm not sure whether I would use the hotel again as I have stayed in better hotels in London for similar price.	
Jan 28 2009 	A bit disappointing overall	Booked 3 nights through Travelzoo. Booked a superior (and supposedly larger) double. When we arrived we had to wait a few minutes for the room - room 12 in what felt like a sort of offshoot of the hotel. Room was OK, but a bit on the small size. When we got back to the room that night after 11pm, there was a party in the adjoining building next door!! Fortunately it stopped at midnight. We asked to be moved the next morning and ended up in Room 31 - which was much bigger and in a better state decoratively. I suspected that room 12 was NOT a superior double after seeing this room.Rest of stay was Ok. Excellent buffet breakfast on Sat and Sun morning, but they revert to table service on Monday to Friday for some obscure reason and service would be very slow if the hotel was busy. Bar OK, but no sign of a cocktail menu.Staff Ok but reception were a bit on the stiff side.Overall we were a little disappointed and doubt that we would return.	
Jan 27 2009 	Top Quality Hotel	Booked a 4 day break through Travelzoo at £99 per night including full English breakfast. We have stay in many London 4 and 5 star Hotels over the past few years whilst visiting relatives and we have to say that the Leonard is without doubt the best. The staff are very friendly and nothing is to much trouble for them. The breakfasts are very good, buffet style over the weekend and waiter service during the week. The room 588 was tastefully decorated and had all the required amenities. The location is outstanding for both tube and buses which easily access all areas of the capital.We will be back!	
Jan 17 2009 	Very enjoyable stay	Booked this hotel because of a special offer of room with breakfast through the Travelzoo website. As I hadn't heard of the hotel before, not being a typical chain hotel, I didn't know quite what to expect, maybe that's why we loved it so much. We arrived at around 1pm and didn't expect the room to be ready, but it was. We were given room 12 which was only reached by a flight of stairs, and the view was over the back of the hotel. This was fine with us, as it wasn't facing a road we had a fantastic nights sleep. The room wasn't over large, but then this is a town house made into a hotel, and it was plenty large enough. It had a flat screen TV a desk and a couple of chairs. The bathroom provided robes etc. The only minor fault we found (and in the hotels defence we didn't complain about it) was that the shower was a bit difficult to get a steady temperature out of, but apart from that it was fine. The breakfast was cooked to order, no buffet service here, just old fashioned good service. We loved it and would stay there again, especially at the price we paid. Close to Oxford Street etc., and quite a number of restaurants nearby.	
Jan 17 2009 	Not bad for the price but...	Overall my experience with the Leonard hotel was average.I checked in on a Friday morning, and discovered that my room wasn't ready. Ok, it was a bit early in the morning, but the receptionist told me that the room was already available, but needs to be cleaned. That would take 4 hours, she said. Quite amazing for a 10 feet room. I sure expected it to be very clean...When I was finally let in, I received room number 16. I did book a single room, but this one was quite awful. It was located in the middle of two floors, without a proper elevator access. You either had to climb up from the first floor or down from the second. I did got help with my luggage, but not a pleasant experience to say the least. My next discovery was that the room's AC wasn't heating the room. It was December and it was freezing! I called the reception and they have changed my room to a different one, this time on the second floor - number 20.Now, number 20 is a much nicer room. Roughly the same size, 10 Square ft. but looks better. The AC was working well, and the little flat screen LCD television had lot's of channels. Two major problems bothered me in my short stay there. The first, after the first night I discovered that the next-door elevator makes the most horrible sounds at night. Apparently something is wrong with it, and it just purrs all night.The second problem was with the room's dimensions. You can't really do much in the room other then sit on the bed. There is a small chair, but no real table to work on. The chair actually blocks the way to the tiny cabinet and if you have any luggage you will have to hop above it to get to your bed. The bathroom isn't grand either. It's a tiny space with a tiny shower and a corner sink. Another point worth mentioning is the wireless internet charges. I couldn't find online any mention of it being a paid service, but apparently it is. The hotel charges roughly 4GBP per wireless hour, and 10GBP per day. Not the end of the world, but again, I couldn't find this information on the hotel's website so here goes.On the good side, the staff was very nice. The location is amazing, and the hotel's public areas are beautiful. With a fair price of 80GBP per night excluding VAT (from the hotel's website), I guess this is a fair deal, but I'm not sure I will return to this hotel.	
Jan 7 2009 	Needs some TLC great location for shopping though	Hotel was ok but in need of decorating. Room was quite large. Staff could have been more helpful -alhough in their defence it was hard to be chatty as all the staff we met could only speak broken English. They were polite and tried but it left us feeling as though we were in the middle of a foreign country rather than London.Rooms needed decorating but you could tell they were basically good rooms - just needed freshening.The saving grace for this hotel is the location - straight out of the hotel, turn a corner and then onto Oxford Street. Great location for a shopping trip.	
Jan 4 2009	Traditional English Hotel	We stayed at the Leonard Hotel after seeing an offer on Travelzoo.com.The check in was fast and easy, we were put in a very quiet room on the top floor overlooking the back of the hotel.The situation was two minutes walk from Oxford street, Hyde Park &amp; Marble Arch Tube station.Traditional furniture in a cosy bedrrom with a spotless bathroom.The breakfast which was included was of a very high standard.Would recommend a stay here.	
Dec 31 2008 	Great location in this part of London	Enjoyed my brief stay at this location on a recent short trip to this part of London. Oxford Street, Marble Arch, Seymour Street are only short distances away. It is of a high quality finish &amp; decoration. Had a quiet room at the rear of the building and there was a pleasant reception/lounge area with plenty of current reading material to hand. I did not have breakfast at the hotel - but did have one evening meal there for convenience and comfort and I must record a positive review here on that too.	
Dec 11 2008 	Loved the Leonard	Nice older style hotel with atmosphere and great location. Spacious room with modern facilities and separate living area was a lovely surprise for London. Cosy restaurant with good value and good quality food. I hesitate to recommend because it will only make it more difficult to get accommodation here when we come back next year.	
Sep 23 2008 	A fab stay at this lovely hotel	A Friends &amp; I stayed at the Leonard for a weekend break for her birthday.We had a room on the ground floor, it was beautifully decorated with very traditional furnishings (&amp; even had the original fireplace) but along with the tradition were a music system &amp; flat screen TV as well as (if you want to use it, we didnt!) a very well stocked &amp; reasonably priced mini bar in the room.The check in was amazingly quick &amp; organised, the chack in staff super helpful &amp; very efficient.The hotel is in a great location, the road it is situated in is very quiet, but it is in easy walking distance for many of the attractions.We didnt have any problems with heraing any off the other guests &amp; had a great sleep. Breakfast was sufficient but we have had more choice at other hotels.I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 19 2008 	great hotel	An excellantly located hotel with very comfortable well equipped rooms. To have a little kitchen area was very useful. 3 girls shared one room and there was plenty of room for us all. The only problem we found was the noise from the street but we did have the window open and the radio and TV couldn't seem to pick up a decent radio station and some of the main TV channels.The decor was very English traditional which for a central London hotel was lovely and its so close to Oxford Street.	
Aug 13 2008 	pleasant [but hot] stay	Booked the Leonard through a £99 deal on Travel Zoo.After seeing reviews looked forward to the stay and wasnt disappointed.cosy little place- not something youd expect just off the hustle and bustle of Oxford street.Just a couple of gripes; We visited on the hottest weekend of the year -the air very thick so we were a bit fed up that a] we were on the top floor [ in a tiny attic room] and heat rises b] the small lift was INTENSELY hot -so much so I was having palpitations!!!! very uncomfortable.Help yourself breakfast ok, but wouldnt eat off the dinner menu there -too expensive for what was on offer.Very Nice place but probably wont go again- just a bit too 'compact and Bijou' for me.	
Aug 8 2008 	fantastic stay	We had a 2 night stay with the Leonard and, from the moment we got out of the taxi till we left our stay was faultless.I requested an upgrade and for a supplement we were given suite no. 44.The sitting area was huge the bed was sooooooo comfortable and the bathroom was a lovely size.We opted for room service at breakfast as our room was to nice to leave, and we were not disappointed it set us up until our evening meal .All the staff were exceptional. We had a lovely stay: Would we stay again YES.	
Aug 8 2008 	Excellent Traditional London Hotel	I booked this hotel as part of a surprise weekend for my partner's birthday. I managed to get a good deal from Travel Zoo, and communication from the hotel was very good. The Leonard is in a quiet road just off Marble Arch so very central to everything. The hotel is very traditional in design and furnishings so makes for a relaxing break. Upon arrival we checked in and were advised we had been upgraded to a suite which was lovely, 2 bedrooms, 1 luxurious bathroom, together with a living room and kitchen diner! The hotel was lovely and quiet, we didn't mind the creaky floorboards at all and the bed was very comfortable. If you are in a hurry for breakfast get up early or leave it until after the rush. We had a ten minute wait in the lounge, which was no problem as there are plenty of papers and magazines to browse. Breakfast was included in our deal but otherwise nearly £20 each for full English. However, it was very tasty with loads of choice. Although the staff didn't rush us I was aware of other guest waiting for tables so perhaps not as relaxing as it could have been. On the plus side we didn't waste any of our day and got out and about at a respectable time. We only stayed one night but we would have been happy to stay several and will certainly return to The Leonard again.	
Aug 1 2008 	Daughters 16th Birthday	Just returned today from a truly fantastic trip to London for my daughters 16th Birthday. Booked through Travel Zoo which gave us a great rate including breakfast. Read previous Trip advisor reviews and was not dissapointed with the hotel at all. Location is truly superb indeed, literally just around the corned from Oxford street and the Marble Arch tube. We booked 2 rooms, for 2 mums and 2 sixteen year olds. Reception staff upon arrival were really outstanding and a real credit to the hotel, upgraded one of our rooms due to it being a special occasion and gave us a suite as well as a regular room, regular room was on the top floor next to a small gym, which was available to guests and was a great room and the suite was superb, decorated as the regular roombut with lots of extra rooms and space and a extra TV, but for people booking a standard room, just for a nights shopping or sightseeing it was perfect. Rooms was decorated like a traditional English hotel should, a cross between old furniture and tradional Country house decor, Simply divine. Had com tea/coffee making facilities and lots of little extras in the room. Concierge was lovely, really helpful. Reception staff as stated previously, upon arrival and again on depature were excellent and very helpful throughout our stay, helping us with directions and train times etc. We had breakfast included with our deal, and that was the only small let down. The staff were on the whole not great in the breakfast room, they were very varied, there were a couple of European girls working there, and the one that served us although very pleasant, took forever - nearly 30 mins to get our coffee/orange juices to us, and then one drink was missing and she didnt understand what Marmite was, she kept confusing it with Marmalade, and seemed to be adamant that it was one and the same - very frustrating. Coffee was brought in a Cafitiere and the coffee had been put in ontop of the plunger so coffee was full of coffee granules when poured out, and when I asked for it to be changed, the other lady was not happy, and it took ages to come back out again, breakfast took about 45 mins to arrive at the table which I thought was a very long wait, as there was only 3 tables occupied in the restaurant, I really dont know what they would have done if the restaurant was busy, the only saving grace in the breakfast room was a man called Raj, who was very very efficient and eager to please, because if is wasnt for him, I think that it would have taken even longer for it to arrive. That all being said, the food at breakfast was excellent, so well done also to the chef. All in all a really fab stay, and would I return or recommend this hotel to my family and friends - MOST DEFINATELY!!!!	
Jul 30 2008 	Very central - good value	I read the reviews on this website, looking at the worst first which is not necessaily a good idea as I was expecting pretty awful stay.I booked it through Travelzoo and it cost £99 including breakfast.The room - very small, tired, quiet but clean and air conditioned. The bed was fine and I slept really well. The bathroom was again small but the shower was really good and powerful.The breakfast was excellent and there was plenty of it. In all not bad for the price and very close to all you need in London. I think if I was staying for any more than one night I would upgrade	
Jul 26 2008 	What a lovely hotel!	We had an offer through travelzoo which was £99 for a standard room including breakfast (v good for a Thursday night) but as that offer had sold out we went for the executive room at £119 prpn - still a lot cheaper than the chains who were about £20 more and with no breakfast. We emailed ahead to let them know that we would be checking in quite late at night, I didnt get any response to my email but that didn't worry me. Reception were very courteous, we were advised that we had been upgraded and when we got to the room we discovered we had a junior suite! Very nice, the only shame is that we only stayed the one night and so didn't really get the chance to make the most of it. It had a grill / microwave in the kitchenette, a big LCD TV in the lounge plus a leather 2 seater sofa. The air con was good - you can set it to either turn off after (eg) 30 minutes or to come on at a certain time. It was very hot in London but our room was nice and cool. Shame about the stairwells though! The hotel is situated on a quiet street - two roads back from Oxford Street and only a 3 minute walk away. Breakfast was a little strange for me - I am used to staying in the bigger (less personal) hotels where you help yourself but at the Leonard they take your order. Had I realised they wouldn't come back again I would have asked for more than just toast! They were fine about me leaving my large suitcase there for the day - I think they must put them down in the callar because it was rather dusty when it came back, felt sorry for the poor man who'd had to carry it back up to reception! All in all it was very nice, very personal and makes you feel like a valued customer! I would definitely stay there again (depending on the price of course)	
Jul 2 2008 	Caution With The Leonard	We decided to spend a long weekend in London as &quot;tourists&quot; and The Leonard seemed to be ideal. The price and location were excellent. Overall, the hotel met our expectations but we were extremely disappointed on several items. First, with the hotel's age, the floors are creaky. That's either charming or, if occuring directly above your room, extremely annoying. We heard every step and jump during what seemed to be all night long and beginning again in the early morning. We complained to the hotel management and were informed that a family with young children occupied the room above us and there was nothing they could do. Secondly, when we checked out they inquired about our use of their &quot;honor bar&quot; which we did not partake. When I returned home, I learned that they subsequently charged my Amex card 32 (GBP) for consumption of spirits from the room's honor bar. After several emails to them explaining that we did not consume the spirits billed and that they needed to reverse the credit card charge, they insisted that we did consume the alcohol and that the charge would not be reversed. I was really surprised and disappointed by their decisions and caution future guests to the hotel to require a room on the top floor and to verify their honor bar usage BEFORE departing the hotel.	
Jun 17 2008 	Great hotel great staff fantastic location	My partner, 18 month old son and myself have just returned from a fantastic 3 night stay at the Leonard. We had booked the junior suite but were upgraded to the grand suite on arrival. The living room was enormous, two three seater couches, dining table, flat screen tv, music system, it was heaven. We couldn't have afforded the grand suite ordinarily so it was a real treat.I had read other tripadvisor reviews where they had mentioned the friendly staff and great service, but was still pleasantly surprised by how friendly and welcoming the staff really were. A world apart from staying at larger hotels, where the service although generally good is completely impersonal. There was some confusion one evening with the availability of a children's menu but the kitchen staff happily put together a child portion of one of the adult dinners (a very tasty bangers and mash) which he tucked into while we sipped our drinks. We had room service one evening which was very good, and the breakfast each morning we were there was also very good. Service was excellent. I was mortified to find that I had caused a leak in the downstairs restaurant by leaving a tap running in the wc in our suite on our second evening there, but everyone (include the hotel owner!) dealt with it very well, and were much more understanding than I might have been.The location is just perfect , we bought some goodies from a nearby bakery and shop and went to Hyde Park (mins away) where our little boy played happily while we picniced. Very close to Oxford Street, and most other atrractions, we didn't take the tube once after we arrived. It is also only a 10/15 min taxi ride to Pancreas Station, which has links with Luton airport (35mins).Overall a great experience and will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great hotel great location	An excellent, small hotel in a perfect location in a very quiet street at the back of Marble Arch tube station. We booked through a booking agent online and got a good price including breakfast which appeared to be cheaper than booking on the hotel's website.We had a classic room on the 5th (top) floor which was comfortable and clean with excellent views down the road opposite. Breakfast was impressive for London, with a choice of full breakfast or a lighter continental option along with fruits, yogurts and pastries. Breakfast was served in a downstairs bar area all laid out in a traditional style.Overall a great stay, close to good shopping and tube facilities.	
May 13 2008 	Loved the Leaonard	When entering this hotel a feeling of calmness overtook us. The check-in/check out was fast and efficient. The room (we had a suite) was magnificent. The bed linen was superior and the towels very white and fluffly. No shower gel but plenty of shampoos etc. Great shower with good water pressure. Well stocked mini bar at reasonable prices. Public rooms interesting with wealth of pictures, hangings, antique furniture etc.Breakfast was intimate and the food superb. Juicy sausages, thick bacon and fluffy eggs. Coffee in cafetieres and lovely toast.Very quiet hotel, lovely staff and when the barman didn't know what a shandy was, it was treated with humour on both sides. The waiters were attentive and discreet and all the staff seemed happy.We will definitely book this hotel again. It was once of the best we have stayed in and the location for Selfridges and Marble Arch is excellent..	
May 9 2008 	Loveliest Little Hotel	One of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. Got a half off deal for easter, stayed in the suite - amazing amount of space for London. Clean, well scented, would love to have just hung out in my room. Location was perfect. The service was fab - I asked the front desk when (in general) the shops closed &amp; she insisted on checking several stores on line for me to confirm details. The breakfast staff were really sweet to my little baby, &amp; one even gave him a toy. Location was great. Liked having apples always available to snack on. Internet easily available downstairs. Great breakfast. Oh how I'd like to go back!!	
Apr 22 2008	A perfect stay in London!	We read some comments about this hotel prior to booking and didn't know quite what to expect.Much to our delight, this hotel was absolutely wonderful.We booked the deluxe room but were upgraded to the one bedroom suite upon arrival. The suite was HUGE (at least for London standarts), and came complete with a kitchenette and other nice amenities.The staff was kind and helpful, and breakfast was delicious.We stayed for 6 days and really felt at home.The hotel's location, needless to say, was superb as it is just a two minute walk from the Marble Arch tube station, and close to all Oxford st. shopping venues.It was an exquisite stay and we will surely come back next time in London :)	
Apr 21 2008 	Go on treat yourself you deserve it!	What a great London weekend at the Leonard. If you want a quiet oasis in our busy capital this is the place for you. Excellence all round. The helpful staff both at the front desk and in the dining room made our stay a pleasure. Although slightly faded our room was spacious and comfortable with useful extras such as bathrobes and quality toiletries.Breakfast was superb and probably the best we have experienced in London hotels. All this at a bargain price booked through Travel Zoo. We will be back!	
Apr 14 2008 	Lovely spacious room! Great location.	I had read bad reviews on just about every hotel that I looked at when going to book a night in London and what I have realised is that bad reviews should not always determine your decision on choice.I booked the Leonard Hotel with an offer on TravelZoo for my girlfriend's 21st evening. We were very impressed on arrival with quite a grand feel in the foyer. We were allocated our room promptly which was very big with a very nice bathroom. However, my girlfriend shortly realised that we had booked a room with a king size bed, and the bed in this room was a queen at the very most. We rang reception, they sent up the porter and we were quickly moved into a huge room which was tastefully decorated! We had robes, slippers, hairdryer, iron, and kettle with tea and coffee all provided...everything we needed. In fact, the room looked exactly like on the website and was extremely clean.One thing that I would like to mention is that the 'king size' bed was in fact two single's pushed together. However, it was difficult to notice and the bed was very comfortable.Breakfast in the morning was lovely. Lots of choice and didn't have to wait long at all.All in all, we had a great stay at the Leonard and were highly impressed!	
Mar 30 2008 	An oasis of calm	This hotel scored highly for us on all counts: convenient- a two minute walk from Oxford Street / Marble Arch  a peaceful retreat from the bustle of London very friendly staff clean  tastefully furnished well equipped rooms (we had a suite so can't comment on standard rooms- it was much cheaper than booking a second room for our teenage daughter) so much more pleasant than the rooms offered by the hotel chains lots of little extras that just added to the experience The only slight annoyance we overheard from some guests was that as the restaurant is very small some people had to wait for a table at breakfast.	
Feb 23 2008 	Almost Perfect	I've stayed here countless times and have found everything pretty much perfect - great breakfasts in the Cafe Bar (Cosy, homely restaurant), helpful staff available at all hours, spacious rooms, comfy beds &amp; linen, excellent showers, nice toiletries, air-con.However, one thing I noticed on some recent visits - arriving late on a Sunday (10pm ish), there's no chef available, so room service was limited to pizza / panini. In fact there was no menu available. There are some supermarkets nearby, so I picked up something from there - can't say I'm happy to do that after a flight. This was a real shame as their own menu (short but good), if available, would have done the trickThis not withstanding, the hotel is fantastic and in a great location	
Jan 10 2008 	what a gem	i am so glad i have found this hotel some whileago. this is my second stay and i wanted to see if it would be as good as the first.i booked it direct from the hotel website which is lovely and easy to use. it was when i arrived at the hotel though, that i was really impressed. the staff are fantastic. i had a few requests for room type and location and they were all met with a smile and action which is what lacks in so many more expensive hotels in similar location!!my room was beautiful, clean and quiet with a bright user friendly bathroom.cant fault the stay. well done guys. this trip was better than the first!! will always stay here in future.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Hotel.	Stayed for three days after Christmas and loved it. If you want well-done traditional, this is the hotel. Got a great rate thru www.travelzoo.com on a standard room and then was upgraded to a deluxe! Deluxe room was huge and included a working gas fireplace. Front desk was very helpful and friendly. Free internet access was a plus. Only negative was the cost of using the phone. Spoke with a friend who was in a hotel five blocks away for 11 minutes and was charged 7 pounds.Travelling alone, I found the area very safe at night. In fact the hotel is on the same block as the police station.	
Nov 25 2007 	Great Location Pricey Food and Drink!	I stayed at The Leonard for 12 nights on a business trip to London. One word of advice is to pick a double room (not 'room with shower') if you are staying for more than 2 nights. My room was tiny with no chest of drawers and although I tried to get an upgrade due to my long stay, the hotel was too full on a few nights to do a transfer. It was really nice to have Freeview in the room, though it was a bit temperamental (staff tried to fix to no avail). Beds are very comfy and although the shower is very small, you get nice fluffy bathrobes and Penhalligon toiletries. The only concern (and I guess this goes with London territory) is the gastronomic food and drink prices. I was lucky enough to have dinner allowances, but I noticed that a continental brek was £15.95. DO NOT buy this, it isnt even buffet (just a basket of toast and a posh little jar of jam, a yoghurt and a variety pack sized cereal. It also takes a long time to come to you, so make a good half hour before commute to work. The room service/restaurant food is expensive and small portions. I got 3 chipolatas for my 'bangers and mash': enough said :)The one time I decided to use the hotel bar, I bought a glass of red for a cheeky £6.55. Hotel bar tarrifs are always hefty, but this one amazed me.Despite the food and drink grumbles, the hotel is in a great location for westend &amp; shopping, 2 min walk from Marble Arch station. It felt safe and secure for a single woman to stay in and the beds/robes &amp; toiletires are wonderful.	
Nov 23 2007 	Second time there and will surely return!	We stayed here last November as well. It was as good as last time and we actually found the staff to be friendlier and more helpful this time. We booked directly and had asked for the same room as last year as we were in a one-bedroom suite and had found it very spacious. They had not guaanteed it but once we arrived, we were pleased to find out that we had our exact same room, it was like going home. The location is fantastic, the staff friendly, the rooms clean and tidy and the breakfast was great as well. We were a bit lazy and couldnt be bothered to go to breakfast so we called up room service and within 15 minutes our breakfast was bought up to the room. The food was delicious and fresh and plenty, we ate so much at breakfast that we ate again at supper time. Would definately reccommend and would reccommend asking for a one bedroom suite as the rate is as good, if not cheaper, than most 4* hotels in London and it is like having a one-bedroom apartment. Will definately will return on my next trip tto London. Thanks to all the staff for making us feel welcome and at home.	
Oct 23 2007 	disturbing incident with staff	Rooms were ok, but it's a hassle getting to the top floor as elevator doesn't go up that high. I had a very disturbing incident with a night manager: he barged into our room about 10:30 PM without knocking. I was getting ready for bed and was undressed. He tried to explain why he was there...made no sense (as I'm standing there trying to cover myself). I called down to the front desk and received only an &quot;I'm sorry.&quot; Talked with manager the next morning who promised to look into it...didn't hear back from him before we left the next day. When emailed after our return, he merely apologized. I will never stay here again, nor will I recommed it to anyone. The staff is obviously not trained in proper hotel etiquette, at least as far as US standards go.	
Oct 2 2007 	Great Hotel In London	Great location and atmosphere. Nice, old world hotel. Friendly staff. Large rooms for London. Warm and cozy lobby and bar area. Near the Marble Arch tube so easy to get around London. Comfortable rooms, if not a bit dated, but did have new flat screen TV. Elevator a bit scary (it's old). Food was average and very pricey. Better bets around the neighborhood (excellent Egyptian food a few blocks up).	
Sep 16 2007 	Beautiful Cozy Hotel. But Internet down three days and counting.	When I checked in I was delighted to find both the lobby and my room in this small hotel was beautiful and cozy, with friendly helpful staff. I got an acceptable room rate for the excellent location -- high by normal standards but acceptable by London standards.I am here on a business trip. One thing incongruous with the otherwise flawless experience: It's now Sunday night, and the guest internet has been down since I checked in Friday afternoon. Some of us have come to depend on the Internet for affordable telephone calls for business and with loved ones at home (via Skype), research about how to operate in foreign cities (via Google Maps, Wikipedia, etc.), our work communications (email and videoconferencing), and our appointment scheduling (Google Calendar). For people like me (and maybe you, since you read tripadvisor reviews), no Internet is like no electricity.The manager explained that the issue was apparently between the ISP and BT. In the US, three days of downtime is extraordinary and inexcusable -- a sign of laziness or incompetence in the Internet Service Provider, who would normally be providing several layers of redundancy. I'm new to London, but with all the important business activity here I can't imagine standards are that much lower. I hope the hotel will be switching ISPs, a process I would have initiated after the first 24 hours of downtime.On the second day the staff graciously provided a workaround: letting me use one of their work machines in the lobby (which are apparently connected through a different ISP or something) or plug my laptop into their network. Certainly this is better than nothing, and I appreciate the flexibility in this regard.I will need to do network conference meetings for work, which would be impractical from the hotel lobby (or an internet cafe, due to the time zone difference and privacy issues). My assistant in the US is checking for other places to stay if the network doesn't come up Monday morning.Bottom line: DO stay here. But if you depend on being connected, first confirm they have changed ISPs, or developed some kind of redundant connection. I rated two of five, which reads &quot;Okay, but some problems.&quot; I would have rated five of five if the guest network issue had been fixed in a timely manner.--mj	
Aug 26 2007 	Loved the Leonard	Although I could have skipped staying in London due to the exchange rate on our spring vacation, it was my husband's first trip to England and so I started hunting for a hotel. Travel Zoo had a special which I obtained for my cousin and her daughter; we had to book the Junior Suite as we were a party of 3. I've stayed in London many times in the past 40 years, with experiences in youth hostels, B &amp; B's, and many hotels. I couldn't believe such a beautiful, well located, spacious and well appointed room was located in London for the price we paid. I'm not sure where the pictures posted on other reviews were taken, as they depict something I didn't see. Our room was in contrast to those pictures--it was decorated in beautiful furnishings. My English cousin couldn't believe the hotel in this location could be so affordable. The staff was very accomodating, letting us into our room early, giving my cousin the &quot;best available room&quot; close to our suite, keeping our luggage all day until we took the train home that night. I can not imagine a bad experience here. Loved everything about it.	
Aug 23 2007 	Best AC in London	Quaint charming hotel! They combined 4 or 5 townhouses and turned them into a hotel just conveniently around the corner from a tube stop and largely a residental area. After a rather hot day touring in London, it was refreshing to come home to our cool and crisp air conditioned delux room. I especially liked the cozy bar area, just to the right of the dining room. Well done all.	
Jul 29 2007	Great Location Older Hotel	My husband and I stayed at The Leonard for four nights on our recent trip to Ireland/England. The hotel was located a block off of Oxford Street, near Hyde and Kensington Parks and near many local restaurants and bars. We loved the location of this hotel. Our room however was smallish and it was fairly old/ outdated, although the bathroom had been recently remodeled and was very clean. Our room was located on the 5th floor which proved interesting b/c the lift only went to the 4th floor, which meant we had to walk up a winding set of stairs with heavy baggage to get to our room. The lift was also extremely claustrophobic, and my husband and I opted for the stairs most of the time. Overall I would stay at The Leonard again for the location and price, but ask for a room on a different floor.	
Jun 25 2007 	the genuine article	I was looking for a good quality central london hotel at short notice that wasn't another of those 'cheap for a reason' horrors that promise so much and deliver so little and where the website bears no relation to the real thing. The leonard was absolutely spot on.I was given a very quiet room on the top floor which was extremely well furnished and had a very spacious sitting area and luxurious bathroom. The Aircon worked perfectly and without any noise. The staff on the front desk were absolutely charming and check in and out were both speedy and courteous.The whole experience was faultless and i will always make it my first call when staying in london.It might be of interest to overseas travellers who may be nervous about London that there is a police station a little further down the same street.note: i didn't eat at the hotel as time didn't allow hence i have not been able to comment.	
Apr 17 2007 	Leonard Hotel London	This was our first trip to London. We were looking for a comfortable, convenient and affordable hotel and our stay at the Leonard met our needs. There are so many hotels in London so we relied on Trip Advisor to help sort out the list. This hotel is not the Ritz but it is also not $1000 a night. The staff was extremely helpful and attentive. We arrived at 11 AM exhausted from the transatlantic trip, the Hotel allowed us to check in early. The location is outstanding, only a short walk to the Marble Arch tube station. Also a few blocks away is St Christophers place with a variety of restaurants. We booked a Jr. Suite which has a one bedroom with a sleep sofa for our daughter. The size of the room was fairly spacious for Europe. The bed was comfortable and the room was quiet and clean. For no additional charge you can use a computer/printer in the lobby which was very handy. We did not eat in the restaurant but it looked very nice.	
Feb 3 2007 	Avoid At All Human Costs	Avoid The Leonard, just as you would any hotel that would not help an injured guest, other than to shuttle him, bleeding and in shock, out of the lobby, into his room, and never once came by to check on his condition, or alert family members or otherwise act humanely or professionally. Repeated asking the language-challenged staff for assistance brought a house doctor twenty hours later. His injury? 2 broken ribs and a smashed face resulting from tripping on the hotel's uneven front steps in broad daylight. Doctor's fee was twice the room rate, appeared without explanation on hotel bill, with no authenticity, so our medical insurance could not reimburse; charged us in us dollars, too, instead of pounds. Our credit card company, Capital One, tried to intervene, without success, which is why this review is appearing months after the fact. Wouldn't want anyone to suffer the way our family did. It's not worthy of being a Warwick hotel, it's so lacking in any star-level of service, and that's before you see its tattered condition. Lots of fine hotel choices in this neighborhood, so research carefully.	
Jan 11 2007 	Great Location	Can't fault the hotel for it's location. Just a short walk from Marble Arch tube station and Oxford Street. The room was small but wasn't bothered as only there for one night. Room decor was modern and came with nice plasma screen tv, dvd player and stereo. We got the hotel cheap through travel zoo, otherwise I don't think it would have been worth paying the full price for it. Our only complaint was that the floor was covered with hair which wasn't too nice. Would only stay again if we could get it at the cheap rate.	
Nov 29 2006 	Not bad close to Madonna's London house though:-)	Great location, good price from the Warwick Hotel Website (also called the 800 number with good service over the phone), and my room was brilliant. I had the single room with shower which for a central London Hotel for 70 pounds a night was rather spacious and set out on three levels. The first level is the main doorway with antiroom, the second level is the hallway with a large closet and the third level is the bedroom and bath and shower room. The bedroom had two writing tables, TV, double bed, decent view, inroom safe and mini bar fridge. The bathroom had a flush toilet (no bidet thankfully) and large shower and sink with lots of space to store my toiletries.I also enjoyed the free internet in the lobby. I didn't eat in the restaurant as there are soo many restaurants in the area there was no need to.For Madonna fans, she lives two blocks away which was part of the reason why I stayed there.There certainly are better hotels in London, but not at that price, with all those amenities.R	
Nov 13 2006 	Tired small and not worth it	Although the sound of this hotel is good, the reality is somewhat different. The rooms are VERY small (unless you go for the one-bedroom suite) and the decor of public areas is getting very tired. Service in the bar was OK but the next morning (Sunday) breakfast was a fiasco! Even if the hotel is full it's no excuse for running out of basic ingredients and constituent parts of a cooked full english breakfast! That service staff tried their hardest but with english not being their first language and the apalling slowness in the kitchen, they were doomed from the start.	
Sep 9 2006	not worth the money	We have just returned from two nights in this hotel. Good points: reception staff very pleasant, and breakfast very good - cooked to order and fresh fruit on offer.The rooms were expensive and tiny - very small twin beds (they actually looked smaller than the average single bed) - the bathroom was clean, but again, tiny.A word of warning to any visitor. When you see a bottle of water perched next to the television (NOT in the mini bar) DO NOT ASSUME THIS IS FREE - you will be charged 5 pounds a bottle - there is no notice that the water is chargeable, part of the minibar produce. Also check the bill at the end of your stay - the hotel obviously assumes that you will drink a bottle of this water a day and charges thus (they tried to charge me 15 pounds for 3 bottles of water - 3 nights stay - when we only drank from one.)To summarise: hotel OK, not worth the money, but area is good.	
Jun 20 2006	Quiet haven	We visited the Leonard with an open mind after reading some bad reviews but were pleasantly surprised. Good location, pleasant staff, and a lovely room. We were on the top floor, room 510, a quiet haven from the noise of the city. The bed was incredible-so comfortable, and the bedding was luxurious. bar prices were a little steep but that would not stop us from staying there again. definitely recommendable.	
Jun 4 2006	We loved the hotel	Like they say proper location maketh the difference! The Leonard is located hop, skip and jump from Oxford Street and is a boon to all shopaholics and Oxford and Westend enthusiasists like myself and my family. Located on Seymour street just 4 minutes from Oxford street was ideal for us.We (my wife, my 3 daughters aged 13, 10 and 11 months, my aged mother and me) stayed at The Leonard hotel for 2 weeks between 11 and 26th May 2006 in a 2 bedroom (one large sized and one small sized), a large living room fitted with liveable furniture, nice antiques, a 6 seater dining table, a fully fitted kitchennete, 1 ensuite bathroom, 1 detached bathroom for GBP 200 pounds +VAT per day and we felt that this was money's worth.The staff was very helpful -whether it was the porter who helped us with our 8 heavy suitcases, the room service staff (whether you asked for a bucket of ice, a wine opener, extra cutlery, a baby chair...anything was delivered in a matter of minutes), the receptionists and their managers (always smiling), I think the staff made the difference. Yes I do agree that they could spruce up their maintenance (saw paint peeling off in many areas and the air duct filled with dust and debris) and their housekeeping staff (this is agreeable that tehir housekeeping is not as good as it could be and on more than two occassions we had probelms with the housekeeping staff)...but overall, we loved the hotel and we would stay there again in a wink ;-)Cheers and thanks to all the staff members for a great time - cya soon.	
Jun 3 2006	Watch out for Room 8	Right now I am staying at Room 8 on the ground floor and I can hear some constant dull banging noises coming from underneath the floor. When I called the reception, I was shocked to hear that they already know about the problem. They explained that the noises are actually coming from a kitchen of an adjoining restaurant, and some &quot;sensitive&quot; people may find it a problem. They even assured me that the problem will go away by 11pm. In an attempt to show him the extent of the problem, I invited the receptionist to come and listen to the noises for himself. After standing in the room for less than 1 min, he said the dull banging noises are something different from the usual complaint (apparently it is the noises from the backyard just outside the windows), as if I should be so thankful.Honestly this is not the sort of reply I expect when I am paying GBP130 a night to book a deluxe double room for single use. The alternative they offered was a quiet shoebox single room. Between no sleep and a smaller room, the choice is obvious.Shocking that a hotel can afford to put guest in a room known to have problems and risk their reputation in this day and age.	
Apr 21 2006 	Don't be fooled by the pretty website	I stayed in this hotel for several weeks for work . I guess in the end I just managed to live with it. There were moments when I felt like pulling my hair out though. Like traditional English interiors for a truly British experience? Well, it's so traditional they don't seem to dust it. I experienced my first ever allergic reaction sitting on the furniture (although due to its a superb location you can find a Boots down the road where the pharmacist can load you up on antihistamine pills). The staff was sub par, when asking for directions to places they would just look it up on google without actually finding what I want, so eventually I started looking things up myself (on the 'high speed' -- less than 1mbps -- wi-fi connection that I had to pay 40 pounds a week for). Also beware the shower - you may think you've hit the right temperature, but a few seconds later the water would suddently get can scalding hot then when you turn the notch down a little it would suddenly get freezing cold. This place is doable if you really need a place to stay, but for the price these guys charge you're better off elsewhere.	
Apr 6 2006	oh dear	We first stayed at the leonard a couple of years ago and enjoyed it. On returning we thought that it lacked a certain something, the staff were willing but slightly chaotic, twice the housekeeping staff walked in (without announcing themselves) while I was in bed! There were signs of a tired institution. The first room we were shown was frankly poor value for money, and although we are normally very British and uncomplaining we asked for, and got, a bigger and more recently decorated room for the same price.I understand the hotel has just changed hands which may explain the rather disorganised service.	
Apr 2 2006	We enjoyed !	We booked 2 rooms on a special from travelzoo,one upgrade room and one standard room, for our family of four. The second room was upgraded at checkin, at no charge,great deal at 69 lbs. Each room consisted of large bedroom, separate large livingroom with sofa bed, large marble bathroom, with a great shower. Large flat screen tv in living room. Nice large lobby, great fireplace,helpful friendly employees,good bar for a quite drink or cappuccino. The carpet in rooms needs changing,and the rooms show some wear,the location is good not great,but from our past experiences in London this hotel was a great deal on a good hotel with a very good staff. We look forward to our next visit!	
Feb 7 2006	Avoid Room 16	We didn't realize that the good rate we found qualified us for such a terrible room! Having stayed in London before I was expecting a small room, but for the money we paid ($200/night) I expected more than double bed pushed against the wall. Room was heated only with a portable space heater (can you say fire hazard??), the bed was so short my feet hung off the end of it (I'm 5'6&quot;), they put a twin comfortor on the bed at night and failed to provide a larger one when we asked, so my husband and I fought over it all night, the bed was hard, the room was cold, and two nights we were there housekeeping &quot;forgot&quot; to put sheets or blankets on our bed. Internet ($20/day) did not work in our room, neither wireless or hard-wired, so we had to go to the lobby to use it.Pros - good location, bar/restaurant available 24 hours per day, water temperature in the bath is good and can be regulated.I will not stay here again.	
Sep 8 2005 	Very small room	Stayed here last night.Pleasant enough hotel, secured cheap last minute deal on a single room at £76.The site warned the room was small.No exageration there,it was very very small!Nicely furnished,but very noisy with window open due to air conditioning unit of adjoining building.OK for a 1 night stay at £76 but would not wish to pay a penny more.Staff very pleasant and effecient, not a bad location, behind Oxford Street.The rack rates made my eyes water, i would never pay them for this hotel in this location, but at the right rate all in all a nice boutique style hotel.	
Jul 17 2005	Cannot say enough good things about this hotel		
Jun 10 2005	Will definitely return!!!		
May 24 2005	Best stay I have ever had in London		
May 19 2005 	Overpriced with easy fixable problems		
Apr 11 2005	Did I miss something?		
Mar 22 2005	Fantastic Stay!!		
Mar 3 2005	A haven in the heart of London		
Feb 15 2005	Great location homey atmosphere		
Nov 28 2004	lovely spot		
Aug 23 2004	wow		
Nov 16 2009 	A éviter!!!		
Feb 1 2009 	????????		
Jan 19 2009 	?????????		
Sep 18 2008 	Superbe hotel typiquement anglais		
Aug 30 2007 	Más de lo esperado		
