Sep 26 2009	Thumbs up for Bankside and its central location!	I stayed with a large group at Bankside House during the Thames Festival weekend,this must have been one of Bankside's busiest weekends, the accommodation was a sell out. Some of us arrived early and knowing we could not access our rooms before 3 pm, the staff were very obliging and allowed us to leave our bags in the store room. When we did check in, we were dealt with quickly and efficiently. Our room was facing the rear of the building onto modern office blocks, it was basic, very clean, with towels, ensuite, tea and coffee making facilities. One of our group members stayed in a front facing room with views over looking St Paul's. The breakfast was certainly a full monty, you could choose from a belly bursting english or continental, vegetarians were also catered for. We came and whent from our rooms at all hours of the day and night, our room was quiet even with the windows open. The staff were top drawer, nothing was too much trouble and each room was refreshed daily. As for the guys serving in the bar, well chin, chin for keeping up with us! Hey come on folks, for £30 pp night for a single room and £28 pp night twin room including breakfast, during peak season London, this has to be a bargain! Bankside is approx ten minute walk from the underground at Southwark and right next door to some stylish eateries. Within a minutes walk we were soaking up the ambience of the Tate Modern and the fesitval's vibrant atmosphere, which stretched the south bank from Westminster Bridge to Tower Bridge. Westminster Palace, the London Eye, The National Theatre, St Pauls, The Globe Theatre, HMS Belfast and other historical finds are all within easy walking distance. Many more famous attractions and places to visit are also easily accessable either by foot, river boat or by tube.For food luvers and shop-a-holics don't miss the Borough Market, the OXO building and More London - all have an eclectic mix of restaurants/bars, arts and crafts plus free street entertainment along the way! What more could you ask for from this fantabulous budget B&amp;B location!!!	
Sep 15 2009 	Bloody Brilliant	The staff are lovely the rooms are clean with very adequate facilities. The interent is kinda overpriced as well as the laundry facilities but the price of the accomodation itself makes this not worth worrying about.Had a fantastic time. Great value!	
Sep 6 2009 	Horrific!	I struggle to find where to begin. I'll start by saying a little about the purpose of my trip/trips to London this summer and you will get a better idea.I am studying law and intend to study at the bar. Thus I was doing several mini-pupillages this summer. A mini-pupil is an intern barrister for those of you who don't know that. I've stayed in the Travel Lodge Islington once and the Travellodge Kingston Central Twice (I liked it so much I went back the second time even though I was working in the center). I have nothing but the best to say about the Travellodges and London. This time since I was down for two weeks in a row I decided to get a cheaper/better value for money accommodation and I came upon Bankside House. Now I wish I hadn't. I arrived late at night to be greeted by some sleepy students who took ages to check me in. Finally, after trying to haul my huge case (I carry alot of legal materials when I'm working) through the swivel door I went up to my room, with the rather industrious looking key in hand, and opened the door. I was greeted by a dark room with three doors, one I later would learn to be the bathroom. I finally got into my box... sorry.... room. Lets go through the room itself. There is a bed, a single bed, which had a matress so worn out and soft my back started to hurt after the first night. You get one pillow, that is I am assuming there was something inside the pillowcase; however, I may have been wrong. There is no headboard. Don't bother trying to read and don't move about, which I did, try to read, and hit my head. So every morning I woke up with a crippled back and a concussion.There is a desk and some shelves. There is a chest of drawers; however, the middle one was broken and because of that the bottom one didn’t open. There is also a huge wardrobe with three hangers. One curtain was short, shorter than the other curtain, therefore I couldn’t make the room dark enough to sleep in. Then there was the bathroom. It was small, grotty, dirty and a very unpleasant place to be. The shower itself was coming away from the wall. When turned on it took a while to even get wet there was so little water. It only had two temperatures boiling and cold. Any pinpoint of tepid was disrupted by the slightest movement which caused the handle to move slightly turning it boiling again. I’m Kate Moss thin. What would a fat person do?There is no TV or internet access, even wireless, so there is absolutely no entertainment whatsoever. I actually spent more money, going out to wireless enabled bars, than it would have cost for a Travellodge being that you can’t spend any time in the cell...sorry....room whatsoever. If you want to use the internet it is £2 per half hour at reception. The residents of the hotel appear to be foreign students, not interns, but groups of rowdy horny teenagers who party all night. They have a trick of some of them standing outside shouting up several floors in conversation with people in the rooms. Some of the staff were okay. Most of them were obnoxious, arrogant and rude. At one point I informed the receptionist that if he ever considered speaking to me like that again he would loose his front teeth. Most of the vending machines and other pay per use facilities were broken, however, still swallowed the money entered into them. You have to carry identification to get in, instead of some credit card sized item, you get this huge card thing that will not fit in a wallet or a jacket pocket. The whole place feels tired, dirty and pathetic. If you think the price is too good to be true, let me assure you, it is. To summarise this place is a kennel. Not a b and b or a hotel but a place where you would keep animals. Qualify that...a place where you would send animals you don’t really care about. It is not a place you could spend any time. The facilities are sub standard. The place is totally unsuitable for guests. I will never ever go there again. And I would urge you, if you like yourself, to avoid this place like the plague. I have stayed in better mud huts in the middle of deserts. Plus there is, apart from the Tate Gallery, absolutley nothing near it.	
Sep 6 2009 	A little gem of a place	A real find for a solo traveller on a budget Bankside House is literally at the back of the Tate Modern in London. A 1930's art deco building, with aproximately 600 rooms. Easy to get to by public transport (from Waterloo station) Buses RV1 or 381 stop nearby. Southwark tube is the nearest tube stop.The building and my room was clean and quiet. Kettle, tea and coffee, and towels provided. It smelt a bit at first, but probably hadn't been used for a while. Nothing that an open window and airfreshner couldnt cure. No TV in the room, but was available in the bar &amp; restaurant in the basementA free local paper and magazines were available in reception. Internet access is available near reception, but its a bit pricey.Cooked English breakfast came with my package deal. One tip, make sure you diet before coming here. The breakfasts were huge, with unlimited coffee, juice, and breakfast cereal, in addition to the cooked meal. Had to share a shower, sink and toilet with another room, but the bathroom was clean and tidy, room, bathroom and bins cleaned daily.Plus points - Size of room, cleanliness, BREAKFASTS!!!, friendly and helpful staff, a cheap laundrette in the basement - great for families with messy kids, location to attractions (Tate Modern, St Pauls, Borough Market), peace and quiet for London, good value for money.Negative points - the mattresses need changing, could feel springs, would have been nice to know how the room heaters worked, driers in the laundrette didnt work. Would have been good to have a cheap supermarket nearby, and a kitchenette to prepare food (for families on a budget)	
Aug 13 2009 	Great location fab breakfasts borderline dump rooms	Location: Fantastic! Right behind the Tate Modern. It's a quiet, upscale, safe area and you are 5 min. from the millenium bridge. For evening walks along the Thames, this place cannot be beat!Building: It's fine from the outside. The reception area is bare and basic. On the right, there is a very worn brown leather couch to sit on and two computers where you pay 2£ per hour to use. On the left is a very basic long counter and 1-2 worn out staff trying to patiently (and in English) do a quick check-in. When groups come in, there will definitely be a long wait.Check-in: We pre-paid our rooms so check-in went quite fast. We got an &quot;id&quot; card to use whenever we left the building or got our breakfast. We also received just ONE key for our room. The key is deposited at the front desk before leaving and then handed back to you upon showing your &quot;id&quot;.Lift and Corridors: There are about 6 large lifts to use. The corridors have stained blue carpets, some doors have chipped paint and everything seems run-down.Room: We had a large room facing a few rows of nice flats. It was very quiet. There's a dirty window (all the windows are dirty) that you can crack open. No a/c. The room is very bare but has enough drawers and closet space to put away your things. There is a large desk and two chairs. The single beds are OK. The carpet is stained but the room didn't smell. Except for the carpet stains, the room was clean. There is no mirror, phone or pictures or safe in the room. No TV or radio. There is plugs. Two sets of towels were laid out on the bed. The towels are changed every two days. The beds are made daily. The bathroom is small, the shower was a bit grotty but otherwise clean and had a shower door. The bathroom mirror is very highly placed. There's one sink. The toilet made a funny noise after every flush so we complained to the front desk and the toilet was fixed the next day. Noise level: It depends on your neighbours. There are signs asking guests to be quiet between 11 pm and 8 am. I found this to be basically followed. Our room was thankfully at the end of a corridor. You'll hear people walking past your door if they are loud. Sometimes you'll hear a toilet flush or a shower run somewhere in the building but otherwise I'd say, all things considered, it was quiet inside and outside the building. If your room is facing the entry, you might hear people outside at night or in the morning.Breakfast: Very good. It's cafeteria style and you get a choice of six items. There are meats, sausages, 3 kinds of yogurt, scrambled eggs, pancakes, waffles, fresh fruit, tomatoes, toast and croissants to choose from. Outside of the serving area, you can get as much cereal, coffee, tea, milk and juice as you want. There's a TV in the eating area so you can find out what's been going on in the world.Nearest metro stations: Southwark (10-15 min. walk) is a bit closer than London Bridge. The path between London Bridge and Bankside has lots of cobble stones so it wasn't too handy to pull a suitcase on. However, if you take the Southwark road, it's a bit longer but easier on the suitcases. Since we took the train from Gatwick to London Bridge, we didn't need use the metro for the first two days. The second day we used the Original Bus Tours to get around.Guests: I'd say it was 60% teenager groups and 40% adults while we were there.Housekeeping: I wish they would clean all the windows inside and out more. Also do a bit more cleaning around the reception area and lifts, especially during this swine flu epidemic. I didn't hear any rumours about swine flu in the building but I did have the need to sanitize my hands after pushing the doors and lift buttons throughout the building.The Bar: There's a bar in the building somewhere by the name of Beaver Belching bar. We never went to look for it.I would return to Bankside House only after a very urgently needed refurbishment. Because everything looks run-down, it just didn't feel that clean.Rating: Location-1 star; Breakfast-1 star; Price-1 star = 3 stars	
Aug 8 2009	Avoid at ALL costs-literally like the plague	It has been the tradition of our group to stay at Bankside for 4 nights at the end of July for several years and normally it has not been an issue. However, this past year was the worst experience. When we first arrived it was caotic because the front desk did not seem to know how to handle our size group despite the fact there were about 10 other groups there as well. My roomate and I walked into our room and were greeted by the stench of urine and a wet carpet. The curtain was only half on the wall and the shower curtain lay in the middle of the floor. We both agreed not to try and take a shower unless necessary. Good thing too. When we did finally use the shower it was on for no longer than 10 mins before it flooded the whole room. The front desk staff was very unhelpful aside from getting us a new room. They still expected us to move back into the old room in the morning, but we were able to avoid that. They acted like it was our fault for flooding the room when there was no way that it could have been. There were several groups of teenagers/middle school children around who were noisy at all hours and they were rude. Also since we were staying during the swine flu issue, and there were several rumored cases in the building. This was by far the worst place to stay in London.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great Location and QUIET	After hearing from friends about the high cost of decent London Hotels, I decided to book the Bankside House. I was glad I did. The location behind the Tate Modern and blocks from the Thames was perfect for us. The room was a no frills affair but functioned perfectly and the cafeteria style breakfast was more than adequate. The staff was friendly and helpful. Perhaps the most unexpected feature was how quiet the area was. City noises have bothered me in the past, but not here. There was very little street noise and no noise in the rooms at all. I was certainly pleased with my choice.	
Sep 6 2008 	Pentonville prison would be a better bet	Having looked at the LSE website, I was optimistic about our stay. A pity that my optimism was unfounded. Apart from the location, I can find nothing at all positive to say about this accommodation. The room resembled a prison cell and contained a bare table, a plastic chair and two [single] folding beds. I would HATE to be one of the students who has to use this place for a whole term/semester.There was building work going on next door and a mechanical digger was ripping up concrete from 7.30 each morning. We asked to move room to be away from the noise and were told we couldn't as the place was full. We asked to cancel the rest of our stay as we weren't happy and were told that no refunds would be given. How can an operation be allowed to get away with such a shoddy attitude?The place was swarming with surly teenagers and the staff had no absolutely control over them. I can't think of enough negatives to describe this place. Avoid it like the plague. If I could give a rating worse than &quot;Terrible&quot;, I would.	
Jan 20 2008	Good location and price bad otherwise	Stayed there for nine nights in July. At that time, the hotel was overrun by pre-teen and teen school trips making it busy and loud up until curfew (11pm and later, depending on whether or not it was a weeknight). We were unfortunate to be facing the same side as the front door and lobby where all the loitering took place.The best thing about the place was the location -- if you were walking. It was close to many of the city's attractions such as the London Eye, St. Paul's Cathedral, Millenium Bridge, London Aquarium, etc., etc.. Most evenings we were able to enjoy strolls along the Thames taking in the sights and sounds. Unfortunately, the hotel was not really close to any subway station -- walking briskly it would take about 10 to 15 minutes to get there.Our room was not so great. It appeared to be single dorm room that was converted to a double when they crammed in a second bed. It was also dirty (see the carpet in the attached picture). The cleaning staff came every day to take the garbage but they didn't clean the room. They changed the paper-thin, hand-size, towels every three days so if you want to dry yourself after showering I would recommend bringing a larger towel yourself or purchasing one at Harrods. The cleaning staff was generally approachable, so long as they were not busy talking on their cell phones.The breakfast was decent as long as you got there early. The cafeteria staff were really cranky and expected you to know all the rules on the first day. Maybe it was having to deal with all the noisy kids. The fire alarm went off several times, including several time on our last night when we had to be up early the next morning. At 67 GBP a night, you couldn't expect much more given the hotel's location. Would most likely not stay there again.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great Location Great Breakfast Nothing Negative	2 guys, we were well impressed with this accommodation - traveled to London on a 1c flight :) . It was very easy to find ( just follow the orange lampposts from Southwark Tube .Also the lit tower of Tate Modern made it an easy find returning at night . The staff were nice, beds were comfy, the breakfast was great. Just a few minutes walk from the Tate Modern ( have coffee on the balcony, and from lovely walks by the Thames .I liked it so much have booked two more of lse's vacation buildings for a trip this weekend.Also have to say every one we met in London were very kind re directions etc.We opted for ensuite but in reality no need - shower was tiny but no complaints. .Cost us 190.00 for two nights, worth it for the location alone, but compared to reviews of cheap hotel accommodation when you consider the cleanliness, the staff, the security - would stay here again an y time (if it was available)	
Jul 18 2006	Good location for walking and good buzz	This is a student hall of residence for the LSE (London School of Economics, a university). It is just behind the new Tate Modern museum, so ideal for that. Since it is now possible to walk along the Thames past the Oxo building, the National Theatre, the South Bank complex of concert halls and museums (15mins max) this is ideal for all of those places. Walking in the opposite direction is the Globe theatre. It is easy to walk across one of the bridges to Westminister and central London, which is just as well as public transport is not as good as central London hotel. The three nearest tube stations are 10 to 15 mins away and there is really only one main bus line. One unusual place to visit is the market near London Bridge station, next to Southwark Cathedral which has LOVELY food in many stalls.The prices are relatively cheap, and of course it is only available during the summer holiday (and some other holiday times). The accommodation is sparse, no television, no radio, minimal shower/toilet. There is a kettle and tea/coffee facilities. But the food was good and there is a real buzz from the mixture of nationalities. The weekend we were there saw organised groups from China, Italy, and the USA as well as individual pairs and families from many countries.	
May 1 2006	Where London begins for us	London begins at the Bankside, for all 5 of our visits starting in 1999. Its location, two blocks from the south end of the Millennium Bridge to St. Paul's, can't be beat. We love walking home from the theatre along the strings of lights on the riverside. We love checking the tides and seeing the boat traffic go by.We take a double room for a week, with two comfortable single beds and a pair of desks that quickly fill up with our books &amp; theatre programs &amp; newspapers. We start every day with a full breakfast in the large, busy cafeteria, full of tourists and students of all ages, but never so noisy or crowded we can't find a comfortable table to gossip about the people all around us. The first thing we buy in London on each of our trips is a pair of cheap and colorful mugs, to use when we make tea every afternoon with the tea setup in our room, often accompanied by pastries from nearby Borough Market or from Louis' pastry shop in Hampstead.And the last two things we usually do is (1) visit the Tate Modern, which is right next door, but which we are always too busy to see until the last day; and (2) use the coin-operated laundry room down on the ground floor to be ready for our further travels.What's wrong with Bankside? The only thing we can think of is that it is only open summers, when the London School of Economics is not in session.	
Sep 13 2005	LSE Summer Vacationers	Our family have just returned from a week at the Bankside House . The residence is good with lifts for us to bring luggages into the room. The reception teams were part time university students and they were very nice and helpful as well as the security personnel. We booked a Quad room with private facilities and actually there were 5 beds in the room. But I think they should check their housekeeping staff whether they did their job well, the carpet was so dirty and it seems never vacuum cleaning the floor during the whole summer. They changed towels everyday but not cleaned the bedside table where I left breadcombs in the morning but still in there when I came back at night. We only expect cleanliness and not much. Location is good with RVI the bus route stopped in front of Bankside before but not now due to construction. I think if the RV1 bus runs the old route again in the near future, easy access is one of the advantages of Bankside House. From my experience, the nearest and shortest subway to Bankside House should be London Bridge Subway station- and just follow the direction given by Bankside House information. I came from Gatwick airport and took thameslink train to London Bridge train station and the fare is pay two person and get two person free. Good though as we are family of four. We have difficulty in walking to Bankside House with luggage from London Bridge Train Station and I think we should study the street map before walking.Remember to buy a Unlimited Travel card ( 7 days, 3 days or 1 day) online before leaving the country. I found it very great to buy the travelcard and get around to London's point of interest. The breakfast that was included in the room rate. The breakfast is great and it can fill up the stomach until noon. 6 items can be chosen from dozen of choices :- egg (scramble, hardboiled, fried), yogourt, fruits ( orange, apple, peach and cream), ham and bacon, sausage, potato waffle, tomato, baked beams,brownish, deep-fried toast, croissant, cereal etc. and what I like most is the unlimited - toasts, milk, juices, coffee and tea. I think everybody love it, too. The security that I found was good and every guest has to show registration card before the reception to let them in. The dryer in the laundry room was not working well because clothes were still wet after in the dryer for 45 minutes. I did a couple of washing there during my stay and when I talked to other guests and they complained their clothes needed ironing when coming out from dryer. I am using Maytag at home and it work well but not those Maytag in the laundry room of Bankside House. After all, Bankside House is still a good choice for us the budget traveller who want to live in central London. The room rate is reasonable with excellent value and with this price we can have all the facilities that we were looking for.	
Jul 14 2005	Excellent Budget Sleep	Please note: this is a budget accommodation. The dorms of the London school of Economics convert to a B&amp;B during the summer. The rooms are no-frills. I got a triple, as it was the only room ready when I arrived in June. The beds are comfortable cot-like affairs. The room was big enough: there is a desk and a wardrobe, and a good-sized bathroom with shower only. The rooms are clean. The breakfast (included) is good, with eggs, meats, cereals, juice or coffee, and croissants. You can also buy dinner here, which I did not do, and the price is reasonable. The staff were VERY helpful for me. I was on my way to the airport, and confused about the buses. One of the staff walked me to the bus stop -- and they were ALL helpful. There is a bank of lifts, so there's no problem with luggage. My only beef is that there was no TV. I like to see local programming and news when I travel. But the location is FANTASTIC. Right behind the Tate Modern, which is an outstanding museum. Around the corner from the Globe Theatre. Three minutes' walk from the Millenium Bridge, which is a pedestrain bridge from the South Bank to the City of London and Spittlefields. Minutes to walk to Southwark and the Tower of London. Pubs, cafes, etc. are everywhere. I have stayed in Bloomsbury, Notting Hill, and Hyde Park/Kensington. I much prefer this South Bank area. And Bankside House is a great budget alternative to high-priced lodging.	
Sep 1 2004	LSE summer acommodation.	Bankside is London School of Economics holiday accommodation. In a very nice area, bordering on 'posh'. My window overlooked the Tate Modern, and Bankside is next door to The Globe Theatre. Nearest tube Blackfriars. (about ten min walk away, and Bankiside give you precise instructions when you book which was appreciated). The most splendid buffet breakfast imaginable. What a choice!!! Quite cheap for London at 46 pounds for a single en suite. I wouldve given this excellent if it wasnt for the fact that I was given a wheelchair-friendly room (okay, I'm 60 but am unbelievably fit Oh, and there were probably about 20% of oldies as guests). There were three beds to pick from in my room, but the bathroom was made for, obviously, a wheelchair. For the following two hours after I'd had my shower, I had to wade through water if I wanted to use the toilet or wash my hands!! The reception staff didnt speak english very well; it was hard to get through to them when paying and telling them about deposits and bookings. Still for proximity, it was great.	
