Nov 23 2009 	Great service	I think this Hotel is very good but not luxury though. Clean and the staff is friendly and welcoming.The service was very good I can take two examples from that, on my first night I spilled water all over the floor by accident and a staff member came up and clean it up with a smile on his face.My flight was delayed for 6 hours and that meant I was leaving at 6 AM rather than midnight, and the staff let me stay in a hotel room there for four hours free of charge...:)	
Nov 1 2009 	ideal for everywhere and clean and comfy	Stayed here this weekend with teenage daughter. The staff were very helpful and friendly, they made us very welcome. The lovely man on reception offered us a choice of rooms and we were very happy with the room we got. We had two single beds which were very comfortable . There was a very well equipped kitchenette and a flat screen tv with freeview channels. The apartments were in a good local with excellent transport nearby. There are also lots of places to get food nearby. We will be back soon	
Oct 8 2009 	If you have a bad back - do not stay here!	Stayed here for 1 week. The room was the size of an ordinary london hotel room with a small kitchen indented into the wall, separate bathroom with one very thin towell supplied for the whole week, scratchy 1 roll of toilet paper and a cheap uncomfortable sofa bed which left my back aching the whole time and for days afterwards. I did not do any cooking as too tired at night and also food expensive to buy and cook, just the same price to buy takeaway or eat in cheap pub etc. The hallway really stank of curry smells all the time and the reception staff were unhelpful. I should have stayed in a nice hotel for the same price!!! Location good but on very busy road.	
Sep 8 2009 	A good value IF you choose the pay in-advance non-refundable option	Citadines is a well known brand of extended stay hotels, if your French. Their rooms come at TWO price points. If you pay in advance a none refundable rate, its affordabe. HOWEVER, if you want the right to reserve, not pay till after you've used the room, and have the option of cancelling, then its about twice as much. So while most folks here paid 150 pounds a night, I paid only 75. The cheap fair is ONLY available via THEIR OWN web site.The location of this hotel is STELLER. Its a 2 minute walk to the Holburn station (one stop away from the 1/2 price ticket booth at Leiscter square for you theater addicts), and there's a FULL sized grocery store (Sainsbury's) right next door to the station. There are also a full selection of resturants, including two take out sushi joints, a macdonalds and a krispy kreme for homesick Americans, a bunch of sandwhich shops, pubs, pizza, and a really tasty french takeout bakery type place. About a 5 minute walk away (in either direction) are post offices, and for those who don't know, in the UK post offices generally include money exchanges that do NOT charge horrible fees. Banks won't do it for you unless you've got an account with them.I've been here 24 hours and am writing from the hotel room. I'm in one of the studio apartments. By UK standards, the room is very roomy, its normal size for the U.S. The interior design is highly Ikea / institutional, but very functional. In fact it reminds me of a really nice dorm room WITH a tiny kitchen. The room includes a desk, a 42&quot; flat screen TV with ALL the british cable channels, 2 chairs, a couch that converts to pull out bed (and is as comforable as those things usually are), and a table upon which has a hardwire modem on it (they provide the wire). Two small complaints. Firstly, there's an overall shortage of electric plugs, so much so that the desk for your laptop does not have a free plug for it, forcing me to unplug a lamp. There's another single plug by the bed, so I could recharge my cell, but I've had to use the plug in the kitchen for my handheld. Secondly, the bed came with one light blanket, and I found myself calling down late at night for more. Between the call, and the delivery, was more than a 1/2 hour, I know this for sure because a full TV show passed. So, you might want to ask for the extra blankets well before you head to sleep. However, the place is very clean, and fairly functional, and I have yet to hear a peep from any the ajoining rooms.The aforementioned kitchen is small but well appointed. It has with a micro, an eletric kettle, a toaster, a stove, 2 of every dish, cup, ect, a small sauce pan and medium size soup pan, but no fry pan; there are also some cooking tools, etc. The bathroom is relatively roomy for a hotel, and VERY clean. I'm on the top floor, and the water pressure is a bit wonky. During my shower, I was aware of every time someone below me turned on their tap or flushed a toilet, because there were tempreture variations... not so much that it was problematic but enough so that I was aware. The water pressure however stayed constant throughout.During the last 24hours, there have been internet issues at the hotel. I've no way of knowing if this is a contant. It's truely free, which is a nice change in a country where they advertise internet, you get there find its for a 'small' fee, and the fee works out as actually more expensive than your rate back home. Last night they had to reboot the servers, and this morning it was so slow that it took a full 3 minutes to load a basic web page. I called down, and after 2 reboots its finally come back up to speed. On the issue of customer service, this is a French chain. No offense to the French but their concept of customer service can be something of a slap in the face to Americans, and even worse if you're Japanse. When you call the front desk, expect for it to ring for a while before someone decides that, &quot;oh yah, I'm the only one down here and no one else seems to be answering it, so I should think about picking up since that is part of what I'm getting paid to do.. but maybe if I wait a little more someone else will do it.... oh, guess no... ok if you force me, Hello.&quot; Seriously, having spent a bunch of time traveling in France, its a lax attitude you just need to get used to. They eventually do everything you asked them to do and it fairly well, and 1/2 the time that service includes a smile, but its never done in a rush.	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent Location Excellent Value	We stayed at the Citadines Holborn for 2 nights in August 2009. It is in an excellent location at the end of Oxford Street in London and very close to the tube station with easy access to public transport and within easy walking distance of Covent Garden, Oxford Street and Soho. Our apartment provided an excellent base for 2 very busy days in London and we were able to find our way easily from our arrival at Euston Station. The apartment was spotless, had all the basic self cater equipment needed for the meals purchased at Sainsburys across the road. The staff were extremely helpful and very efficient.	
Aug 19 2009 	Not bad could be better.	We stayed there for two weeks in a &quot;Studio for 2 Persons&quot;. Here's our experience.First of all, you need to pay for the room in advance, at check-in, for at least a week. If you are staying shorter, you will probably be asked to pay for the entire stay. You may or may not know this fact while booking, so be prepared. You may also want to insist to actually see the room before paying a substantial sum of money in advance. Also, be prepared to find yourself locked out of your room without prior notice when the paid for period expires -- this is what happened to us... It was sorted out quickly, but a simple phone call reminding us that a payment is due would've been far more polite.The Location.The location is absolutely SUPERB. One can hardly imagine a better one. It's literally 30 seconds away from the Holborn Tube station (Picadilly and Central line services). There's a Sainsbury's grocery store, which is very important if self-catering is what you plan. Also, there is a Boots chemists store. Pret-a-Manger, MacDonalds, and other food shops, pubs and restaurants. There's even an O2 mobile provider store, where you can get a &quot;pay-as-you-go&quot; SIM card for your mobile phone right away. Most of these stores are literally one minute away from the hotel. And of course, you can start your sightseeing tour right away, with the British Museum being 15 minutes away, as well as the Oxford Street. And Covent Garden is a lovely neighbourhood to start with (although I am not quite sure if the location of this hotel technically counts as Covent Garden).The Room.Our room - &quot;Studio for 2 persons&quot; was surprisingly spacious (see pictures). There was nothing extravagant about furniture -- but aside from a slight hygiene problem here and there, it was pretty comfortable, if slightly worn out. The pull-out sofa bed was surprisingly comfortable to sleep in.The kitchenette was decently equipped, as far as electric appliances are concerned. There was a fridge, a timer-operated electric stove, a toaster, a microwave, an electric kettle, and a dish washer. Some pots and and pans, some cutlery, and several plates, glasses and cups. To our surprise, all the glasses were wine glasses! Cutlery was a bit lacking (only four forks), and we could certainly use more plates. In other words, you could hardy fill the dish-washer with the supplied dishes. The bathroom was ok, but nothing special (there was a hairdryer though). The room had a free wired Internet connection. It tended to get flaky in the evening, but overall you might expect a 400 kbps connection speed upstream and downstream. The TV was flat screen with a decent choice of free channels. If you need to print something, there is a computer and a printer in the lobby at guest's disposal, free of charge. Which is a good thing.Housekeeping and cleanliness.Now this is where the hotel left a lot to be desired. First of all, maid service was only once a week. More specifically, it was exactly on the 7th day of our stay. So if you are staying less than a week, I'm not sure you will have any housekeeping at all! When you run out of toilet paper, you need to go to the reception and ask for another roll, which is not exactly how things should be done, in our opinion. The main room surfaces and furniture were almost decently clean. However, the not immediately visible corners and edges were quite dirty, with layers of dust. For example, check out the picture of the hairdryer in the bathroom -- it's almost disgustingly dirty; the clearly visible white spot on in is actually a clean area that I easily made with some soap and cotton, which means that no one has ever really bothered to clean it! And I believe the curtains had not been washed for years.Finally, we haven't had too much contact with the reception staff. They were friendly and polite, but I had a feeling that some of them might need some more training. We did have one complaint -- the microwave was not fully functional (the rotating dish was not rotating), and to our surprise, the next day there was a brand new microwave in the kitchenette! A big plus in our books.All things considered, we did had a fairly comfortable and enjoyable stay in this hotel. The overall rating should perhaps really be &quot;average&quot; instead of &quot;very good&quot;, but the location is so great that we are willing to forgive some shortcomings. The room hygiene was indeed a bit of a sore point, however it was far from unbearable. The rates tend to be quite steep, so I am note sure if this is a perfect value for money, but I guess the hotel is capitalizing its location. If you plan a longer stay in London, and the location is important to you, as well as the self-catering option, you might want to consider this hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	CONVENIENT CENTRAL LONDON STAY	The location is superb, you can walk to all the central and west London attractions. The staff is very friendly. The rooms are moderately decorated. The kitchens are fully equipped and practical. A good supermarket is 1 minute walk away. The only problem is the sofa bed. The folding mattress of the bed is rather uncomfortable. Nevertheless Citadines can still be recommended as a very convenient apart hotel in London	
Jul 21 2009 	A bit overpirced but isn't all of London?	It was nice to have a secure place to stay, shower and, even though we didn't really use it to its full potential, the kitchen was a nice touch. We weren't there long enough to enjoy it, but you could save a lot cooking there if you were in town a while. Came with hairdryer, plenty of closet space, but we never really folded up the couch bed, it was just too much trouble really. Right next to the Underground and a nice day can be had walking to Covent Garden, Leicester Square and Piccadilly from there without needing to use the U. It's nice to just take in the city. We felt we might have been overcharged, but aren't certain - we could have just misunderstood (be sure you're certain how much you're being charged). :)	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location for sightseeing	Stayed for one week, great location. Just a few minutes walk to British Museum, Covent Gardens, theatres, etc. Underground station is across the street, makes traveling around very easy. Staff was very pleasant and helpful. Lobby much more modern and inviting than the rooms are however. Room was very dated, needs new carpeting badly. Setup of room was awkward, doors always banging into each other. You are on your own for towels and supplies. Location is excellent but I did expect more at this price range.	
Jun 29 2009 	London June 2009	I stayed here in June 2009 for six nights. Apparently six nights does not include cleaning or change of towels, or sheets. I could live with the room not being cleaned, and the sheets not being changed, but two not very large towels for 1 adult and 1 teenager was a bit much. Also, two very small toilet rolls (not replaced) so you will have to buy extra if you use it for tissues removing makeup etc.However, the location is excellent, across the road from Holborn tube, Superdrug, Sainsburys. Within walking distance of Covent Garden, Chancery Lane, British Museum.The staff was not particularly friendly, only one of them was in any way polite. But if you know where you are and dont need to speak to them you should be okay. Free internet in room (if you have your own laptop). There is a supposed business centre, which is a laptop and photocopier/fax off reception (daughter needed access to Bebo). Carpets through all areas were disgusting and shabby, but room was clean with tv and cd player. Kitchen was stocked with microwave, diswasher, toaster, iron, ironing board etc. Would have preferred towels and toilet rolls lol! Would I stay there again, yes for a shorter time!	
Jun 27 2009 	Never stay here again	This hotel website’s room pictures are completely misleading. The hotel pictures on their website looks new vs. the real furniture and room itself is old and filthy. We manage to change our room twice on the fifth floor as we complain to the reception that the 1st room was filthy. However, we soon discover the 2nd room is the same. That is when I realized probably all rooms are the same. The carpets are old, run down, filthy. The sofa bed is old with orange color. I can’t tell if the wallpapers are painted on or if the wallpapers are just old and corner edges are beaten up. The cabinets looks worst than Ikea furniture and dusty too. Bathroom is dirty, some of the bathroom floor tile was cracked, and grouts are black. Bathtub have hair on their rim. The corner of the bathtub grouts specks of mold or black with something. Toilet needs to flush few times in order to flush completely clean. We open the window upon check-in to vent. We had trouble closing it and need to call reception for assistance. When they close it at nighttime that is when I realized a big draft of cold air was coming in. Sofa bed feels like sofa bed. Not too comfortable, but that was expected. We request extra blankets due to bad windows and the blankets didn’t cost extra. However, the blankets look used up. The pillows were flat, so I’d asked to 2 more pillows. Then they give us 2 good fluffy pillows that looks pretty new. We slept with them for one night. The next morning housekeeping wanted those good pillows back. The reason they give us is that they were 2 “new” pillows. Instead, they replace it with 2 flat, old pillows. That made us completely unhappy. Oh, let me remind you that every room comes with kitchenette. When people start cooking, watch out for the potpourri of smells. From burned toast to stinky fish. The mini-fridge was not cold enough. On a positive note, there were new TV, and free internet. Location was good, one minute to the tube station. I am all about obtaining a good clean room. Therefore, I have a problem with this hotel and with the pillow incident. That is just NOT good service. Maybe it’s because I obtain the “best internet rate” on their website that might be why I can’t have &quot;newer&quot; pillows and got old, flat pillows??? With the condition and price of this apartment hotel. We should of stay at the Travelodge and is couple of blocks down street. It's probably cleaner and definitely cheaper to.	
Jun 24 2009 	great location	This was ideal for my teenage daughters, myself and a friend who had travelled to see a show and shop on Oxford St. The location was excellent, staff friendly and apartment clean. OK this was not the Savoy but perfect for our requirements.	
May 20 2009 	Good service apartments	well located, next to the Holborn tube station. rooms were a bit cramped but its london and space is expensive	
May 5 2009 	Fantastic location at a reasonable price	Picked this hotel for a Hen night in Covent Garden, and a weekend in London because of the reviews on this site. Was not disappointed. Location is great for buses around London, and the tube is literally across the road.Its an eight minute walk to Covent Garden, and there are two Wetherspoons and two beautiful,historic Samuel Smith pubs within a 5 minute walk.The staff at this hotel are very friendly,helpful and welcoming, and you can ask for extra keys,to leave luggage securely etc. It is a very cosmopolitan hotel.We found the room to be spotless with an excellent bathroom,a very comfy bed, plenty of storage space, and a very well equipped kitchen.The hotel was very quiet,we had our own air con so that we could set the room at the temp we wanted , and the windows even opened properly wide-a rare thing in these 'Elf and Safety times!I would definitely stay here again, and reccommend it to my friends.	
Apr 27 2009 	Acceptable accomodation in a great location	We had a very good rate to stay here, and were worried that the quality would not be too great. However we were pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious and the kitchenette was well stocked. The location is extremely central and this hotel is certainly a cut above the other budget accommodation available in London. Free internet was also a bonus.	
Apr 14 2009 	Fantastic hotel fantastic price fantastic location	Booked via the website(much cheaper) by a friend(£75 plus vat/night)1min walk to Holborn station on the Central LineFree internet in the lobbyClean SPACIOUS roomsCafe opposite if you miss breakfast7min walk to the British Museum10-15min walk to Covent GardenFriendly staffI am definately staying here again	
Apr 2 2009 	very simple clean cheap central and comfy	best discount hotel I have found so far in central London, walking nearby everything	
Mar 29 2009 	Great value for London	i was in London spending the weekend before a conference with 2 friends. We chose Citadines because we needed 3 beds and more room than a hotel. From the start the service was great - i arrived at 8am straight from Heathrow after more than 24 hrs travel, and they allowed me to check in 6 hours early. A broken internet cable was replaced within 10 mins of the complaint. Although the rooms are somewhat shabby and dated, and some maintenance is required, for London the value is good. It's 10 mins walk to Covent Garden laneways with restaurants and shops and the tube is across the road. Another huge advantage was on the 2nd floor there was no noise (our room faced away from the road) and you could open windows.	
Feb 12 2009	Very Good	I spent 4 nights with my family. Very good accomodations and reception. It's extremely well located.	
Jan 6 2009 	Reliable and Convenient	This is the fourth time I've stayed at the Citadines Holborn. It's convenient (right across the street from the Underground stop; get on at Heathrow, get off at Holborn), within walking distance of the British Museum, Covent Garden, Theatres, etc.. Staff is friendly. Rooms are comfortable, but without a lot of character. The real plus are the cooking facilities -- you can save a bundle of money by making most of your own meals. Besides the Underground, there are many buses convenient to the hotel (a nice change on weekends, so you can see a bit of the city).The water is hot, the heat works, the rooms are clean (though getting a bit worn down). Plus, there's free high speed Internet available if you simply must travel with your laptop.	
Sep 5 2008 	Lots of space and good location	This was my second stay within about 6 weeks and I was very happy to return. Though I was only there for one night on both occasions it was a place I would choose for an extended stay in London. The rooms are of a really good size with everything you need. I love the kitchenette which is excellently equipped with all that you need. The location is excellent with the British Museum, Covent Garden and Oxford Street all within about 5 minutes walk	
Aug 2 2008 	Terrible!	Simply awful... terrible service and small uncomfortable rooms!	
Jul 18 2008 	Quite Good for the price you pay	Indeed a nice place to stay, very convenient for theatre and shoping. You can walk to almost anywhere in Central London. The surrounding area is safe.Supermarket and nice restaurants at your doorstep. The studios are a little cramped but bigger and better than your average 3 star hotel. I did enjoy the informality of the staff, who try their best, normally with a smile. Complimentary DSL on room worked very well. You can save a lot of money staying here. Kitchenete small but ok. Only thing I didn't liked where the small towels and the shower. You need to get some sort of a degree to know how to work with the damned thing.After searching a lot through online reservations, payed 130 euros night, wich is some sort of a miracle for a decent studio on central London.I will return	
Apr 8 2008 	Great place for the price	I stayed at this hotel for one month while working in London for a month. It was by far the least expensive hotel/kitchen combo I found. After reading the reviews of curry and uncomfortable beds, I was a bit hesitant, but I stayed anyway. I was happily surprised that there brand new mattresses in the fold out couch, plus a brand new flat screen television with all of the Freeview TV options. Yes, there was an occasional curry smell in the hallways, but in the rooms there was no problem. The bathrooms are spacious and clean. There is only a small divider rather than a shower curtain, but that's rather typical of the UK (no idea why), so I really can't fault this place for following. The staff is very polite and helpful. Plus, you really can't beat the location. While Holborn is not particularly interesting, it's very quick to get to places like Covent Garden and Oxford Street - or you can get just about anywhere on the nearby Piccadilly Line or Central line. Great experience!	
Mar 19 2008 	Citadines One of the best Hotels i've stayed	The Citadines Holborn Covent Garden is located in an excellent location. Hotel is a short walk from the Holborn Tube Station on the Picadili Line. There are numerous nice bars, restaurants and cafes on the same street as the hotel. Hotel has a nice Breakfast room and staff are lovely and room was more than adequate.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great short-break	Me and my partner stayed in this apart'hotel last weekend and we were very happy with the overall quality and service that we received. We stayed for 2 nights and the idea of this break was to enjoy a romantic weekend in Central London and I can tell you that it was perfect.First, the location is absolutely amazing!! Very Central and very close to everything we wanted! We went to see the play Dirty Dancing in Aldwich Theatre and we were delighted with the show!! We recommend it!! And it was only 10 minutes walking from the hotel - anywhere you want to go from there don't expect more that 10/15 minutes walking!!! There are very nice restaurants in the area and a very convenient Supermarket just in the corner.The staff in the hotel was very pleasant and really made us feel very welcome - like we were usual guests!!The room we booked was very nice - simple but very practical, with all we need for us - it was the first time I stayed in a hotel room with kitchen, and I can tell you that it's very nice. About the breakfast I cannot give any opinion since we decided to sleep a little bit longer in the morning and make our own breakfast.So I would recommend this hotel to everybody who's looking for a good product, excellent location and professionalism from the staff.	
Mar 12 2008 	great stay xlnt value for money	I stayed for business in this fab location just off covent garden. Great room with kitchen and free internet access and free coffee 24hrs!!! friendly staff, rooms clean and well maintained. Great freeview on TV.. I will come back with my family for summer vacation	
Feb 7 2008 	Terrible	Just terrible. Odour , dust, no service at all.	
Oct 26 2007 	Excellent	We stayed with this chain in Barcelona, and were worried at the reviews for this one, but things have changed. The two room apartment we stayed in was newly refurbished and very clean. The double glazing kept most of the street noise out. We were early for check in, but that wasn't any trouble at all. We didn't have any contact with the staff apart from the affable and efficient check in and out, since we used the rooms as an apartment. There's lots of places to get take out, including Sainsbury's. We only bothered with that for breakfast, and ate out at other times. There's immense competition and choice in London for food - so that was no problem at all.	
Oct 22 2007 	Nothing to Rave About	Stayed here for 4 nights. The best thing about this hotel, it's across the street from Holborn tube station. Quite a few people complained about their bed being small or things sticking through. I was travelling alone, but my room had a queen size bed and it was pretty comfortable. It's also across the street from the market whichmade it great to stock the room with juice/fruit, etc. in the fridge.The area was very safe, even at night. During the day it's pretty busy (it's in the business district).The shower was the worse. With the quarter glass (see photo) you had to stand RIGHT UNDER the shower head which was pretty awkward. The first time the floor got pretty wet. If you're looking to be pampered this is definitely not the hotel foryou. If you just need a place to relax/sleep then this should work.The front desk staff were young adults who didn't seem to be trained very well, but did the best they could.Breakfast was included, which was continental (cereal, toast, eggs topoach/boil, fruit, coffee, cold cuts/cheese, pastries). The salamiwas delicious. It was more than enough to start you on your day.	
Oct 20 2007 	Not impressed	A very tired and rundown apartment that was dark with a horrible view of concrete back stairs. We stayed 4 nights but were only given enough dish cleaning for one night. The rooms pictured on the website look as though they must be a different hotel!! We were very disappointed. The reception staff were indifferent at best. They really could hardly be bothered with anyone. We had stayed at Citadines kensington before and found it to be very pleasant if a little tired. But after this last stay......never again.	
Sep 22 2007 	They charged me 7 pounds to use a towel	My company is paying 4,000 pounds to put me up here for a month and the front desk still insists on charging me 7 additional pounds for an extra towel. Note: I had to use the ones I had to sop up the flooded bathroom floor which resulted from using the shower. I might be able to give into the racket, except that this outrageous price came on the heels of living in an 'apartment' with a bed that sloped in the middle from years of use, decor that consists of lime green and bright orange, a door that takes 10 tries of the keycard to open, a TV and stereo from circa 1980, and lights in which only half have working lightbulbs. In order to come to some reasonable conclusion on why a place like this costs 4,000 pounds/month, I was forced to assume that the 'luxury' of having a reception desk accounted for much of the cost. Except that I was wrong, as each time I call the front desk or approach the front desk with a polite question, I am regularly faced with a blank stare from a staff member who appears to work here after their high school classes have ended for the day. The longest blank stare so far came when I approached the front desk after a bad fall in which I sustained a visibly bleeding cut on my face, and asked where the nearest hospital was. In conclusion, you may want to stay elsewhere.	
Jun 10 2007 	Don't stay here unless you have to!	Stayed here on business for one night - was struggling to get a hotel with availability and needed a covent garden location as was attending a late finishing function. Bed - pretty poor, pull out as many others have mentioned. Shower - cold in the morning which really annoyed me! Location and staff - good. Over priced for what you got. Might be good for people who are travelling as it has a kitchen area with a microwave, fridge etc. I would have much preferred to have stayed in a Travel lodge or similar.	
Jan 5 2007 	Definatley not Covent Garden	It was a 20 minute walk to Covent Garden even though I knew where I was going. The hotel over charged me for the room, the bed was a camp bed, the room was freezing even with the one electric heater on full all night, there was only a thin blanket on the bed. The hotel stank of smoke. The staff were unfriendly and rude, instead of apologising me for overcharging my credit card they lectured me. The luggage storage room was left open for anyone to wander in. I will never stay at a Citadines again and would not recomend it to anyone. The night before I stayed at the Strand Palace which was basic but the location was fantastic, the staff was pleasant and the breakfast was amazing.	
Jan 5 2007 	Horrible place - unclean and dingy	I stayed in this hotel for five nights in early December 06. I will never be staying there again.Check in was fine, but when I went to my room I realised that this hotel is badly in need of updating - very 1980s.My room was one of the studios, and whilst the pull out double sofa bed wasn't great I did manage to sleep on it. Also, after the first night one of the lights in my room broke and no-one came to repair it during my stay leaving my room very dingy. The room was not serviced once in the 5 days, meaning the towels were never changed. This wasn't a massive problem but worth considering if that's important to you.The main problem with the room was cleanliness. There were stains on the walls from the radiator, and the carpet was stained and grubby. The worst thing was that on the bathroom floor I found TWO dirty big toenail clippings (they weren't mine) - GROSS! For £100 a night + tax I thought this was terrible. If you want a budget London hotel that is clean, try either the nearby Travelodge at Covent Garden or a Jurys Inn.	
Nov 7 2006 	Location ok (but not covent garden!)- terrible bed !	I stayed here in a &quot;studio&quot; room, which only has a sofa/fold out bed, on a Monday night. The price was £129 inc VAT. (payable up front on arraival, but for some reason they won't give you the bill until you go which means you have to stand at check out instead of just dropping off the key- annoying!). Breakfast (which I didn't have) was an extra £9.Good points: location on Holborn is okay and you can get to the main parts of the city for a short cab ride. For work in the city (my reason for staying) it was fine, but you won't find it easy to work in the room if that's what you need.Bad Points: The Studios only have a fold out bed. As I was on my own, I didn't need the extra section for a second person, but be aware (if there are 2 of you) that the extra section is completely separate from the sofa bed, so one of you will end up sleeping on the equivalent of a single camp bed!The sofa bed itself wasn't great - you could feel the toggles of the sofa bed through the sheets - not pleasant.The room also had a useful kitchen (small, but with what you'd need), but unfortunately, there was &quot;hum&quot; that came from the kitchen extractor that was on even through the extractor wasn't - not too bad in the day, but at night it really got on my nerves!No tea/coffee facilities in the room, but there was free tea/coffee in the breakfast room whenever you wanted - not very convenient so I took the stuff up to my room and made it there in comfort. The machine for coffee was broken when I was there, which didn't leave me much option anyway.All in all, it would never be my first choice if I had to stay again....!	
Sep 17 2006	Not bad	stayed here for one night, booked a studio room (sleeps 2), booked thru laterooms online for £100 for a saturday night. Thats good value in my book. Citadines is an apartment/hotel, we found the room to be modern &amp; clean, functional little bath/swr/wc, all clean and in good working order. The room had a small cooker/fridge, tv ,phone/internet access/sofa bed. had no problems with noise from other rooms etc, desk staff were efficient. The place is a £10 cab ride from Victoria station and an easy 10 min walk to Oxford Street/Tot Court Road. If up in town again for a short stop over i would use again. didnt use continetal breakfast which is inclusive in the price.	
Jul 12 2006 	Value for money	I've stayed at this Citadines several times and I think it's a great choice so long as you know what you are getting. This is not a full-service hotel, but more like a dorm room set-up: the studio &quot;apartments&quot; offer a pull-out bed, a tiny (but functional) kitchen, and a separate bathroom with a minimum of supplies. The price--in mid-summer--of less than a hundred pounds a night is a steal (the Renaissance Chancery Court across the street is a beautiful full-service hotel but would cost at least three times as much). If you don't mind fairly basic living conditions, you get a fantastic location in central London--and on my last stay I had a room facing the street but could rarely hear any noise; other rooms face on to office buildings and are even quieter: there are a number of cheap (for London!) restaurants in the immediate vicinity ranging from chains (Starbucks, McDonalds, Pizza Express, Pret a Manger) to pubs, a nice Thai place, and so on; a Sainsburys Central for groceries; and various other amenities (Boots, the chain pharmacy, ATMs); the Holborn Tube is a one minute walk (direct line to Heathrow); and Covent Garden is a ten minute walk (passing a number of great pubs and interesting restaurants)--follow the signs from the Holborn Tube station. This is not for anyone who wants to hang out at the hotel and be pampered, but as a cost-effective base for being out and about in London, it has lots of advantages.	
Jul 9 2006	Basic accomodations for extraordinary price	First, how my family ended up here... For a family trip to London for a week in July from the US, I carefully researched options for accomodations and decided to rent a flat through London Choice six months before the trip. One week before arriving in London, I sent London Choice an email confirming the check-in logistics, at which time I was informed that the flat that had almost a six-month-old deposit was suddenly no longer available but that an alternative flat was being offered. After pointing out that the alternative flat was sub-standard and that it was one which I had rejected six months previously, I ended up at Citadines. While London Choice picked up part of the price differential, I still ended up shelling out ?350. With only days before arrival, I certainly didn't have the time or energy to argue much with London Choice. Of course, trying to book accomodations with only a few days notice in the peak tourist season ensured that I got stuck at a sub-standard hotel. All of that is not the fault of Citadines, but is important to background information on how we ended up here.Ok, so the hotel... Upon arrival, they weren't ready for me. Despite the fact that I had sent my flight information twice before arrival, it wasn't until my arrival that I was informed that I would have to wait until that afternoon. Fine. I come back late that afternoon (after 5pm, they said they would be ready by 3pm, maybe 2pm), only to find that they expected me to pay, when I had already paid London Choice in full. So, after a full night on the airplane and a full day walking around the city waiting for the hotel room to be available, I now had to spend time in the lobby waiting for London Choice and Citadines to sort out the payment. Finally, we got to our room. The room (this was the 1-bedroom, not the studio they offer) had a small, double-bed bedroom with just enough floor space to be consumed by two large pieces of luggage. The private toilet was clean and fine, although tempermental about flushing. The private tub/shower was clean and fine, although water tended to get everywhere due to the lack of a shower curtain. The main living area had a couch with single pullout bed and another single bed that could be slid out. Both kids complained that the beds were very uncomfortable, and after examining them, I can see why. When both beds are pulled out in the living area, there's no room except for a narrow path to the kitchen area. The kitchen is small, but functional. A microwave, small refrigerator, sink, dishwasher, and one or two burner stove (I forget which).If you come in the summer, don't expect the air conditioning to keep up. When the temp hit the low 80's during the day, it would still be melting in the room that night. Even with mild 70's during the day, we found the room too warm. We opened the windows at night to let in cooler air, which of course also let in all of the city lights and noise, which didn't help us sleep any better. The front desk didn't seem too concerned about the problem when I complained and didn't offer to send anyone to check it out for us. I guess they are used to the complaints and have learned to ignore them.The television in the room is a very cheap, small set. Think $69 walmart special.Despite the number of persons on the reservations, it took two days to finally get enough towels to cover the reservation number.The room was serviced only once during the seven day stay.Others have complained about the hot water. We used plenty of it and never had problems.There is a small washer/drier facility at the hotel. One of the two washers was broken. Both are very small. Everyone complained that the driers were almost useless, but hotel didn't seem to do anything about it. The price was something like 4 pounds for each washer load and 3 pounds for each drier load.Summary... The hotel had the bare basics; 1) somewhere clean to sleep, 2) somewhere to wash up, 3) basic facilities to eat in-room, 4) proximity to a tub station (Holborn). But for the price they charge, they ought to be completely appalled at the air conditioning problems, basic service problems, and overall condition of the rooms. I've had much better experiences at Comfort Inns for a fraction of the cost. I could never recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 8 2006	Strange place definitely NOT in Covent Garden	NOT WORTH THE MONEY&gt; I've stayed before at the Citadines (covent garden) which is even further from Covent Garden than Holborn Tube station is!! Staff are mixed in their customer service standards, some of the older staff were premium international hotel staff. This trip was last minute and I waited ages at check-in, arriving simultaneously with a large group. I saw management floating around, doing nothing to assist front-line staff, which infuriated us.The room was really hot, especially worse due to the heatwave this year in England, where temperatures have hovered around 100F. The room aircon system iis poor and likes all temperatures except cool.You live with a sofa bed, which doesn't always provide for a comfortable night's sleep, which is a job and a half to keep putting away, ie. staff don't service the room to make up your bed. Over time the room's have got somewhat tatty, which gets worse during your stay due to lack of staff involvement.The hotel front is a major road, and sound proofing, if any, is very poor. The small rooms are good for 1 or 2, if not spending too much time in them. The larger units with separate bedroom are more convenient due to the space and not living around bed-settee mess all day, but are very much more expensiveOn a plus, there are supermarkets nearby where you can buy central London priced groceries, which you can prepare in the micro 'kitchen' cubby hole, the size of a broom closet. You have good bus and tube services on the door-step getting you to downtown theatre areas etc or Waterloo for international trains.	
May 13 2006 	I feel home there!	I am travelling every 2 months to London and do this already 5 years and never go somewhere else than to the Citadines Hotel in Holborn.I heard from the Citadines Hotel from a friend and I have everything I need.I consider it as my 2nd home in London. There is everything, a kitchen, a bathroom with bathtub and hairdryer, an ironingboard with iron, a vacuumcleaner, a dishwasher, dishes, cutlery, cookaccomodation, microwave, refidgerator, cd-player, tv and everything is clean, well furnished ands they are not expensive at all.The staff is friendly, helpful and extremely discreet and I love the atmosphere.I wish to do my own things there and do not wish to be bothered in my room by cleaners, people who come to change towels, put a chocolate on my pillow in the evenings, etc.I need my privacy and get it there!The fold-out-couch is excellent, as it gives me space to have my friends visiting me, without being bothered by an enormous bed filling up the room.I can do my businessmeetings in my room which would not be possible if this fold-out- couch would be a bed, I even can have parties there without being disturbed or getting complaints.I stay there every 2 months and it feels like it's my 2nd home, as all the rooms are furnished in the same style and every time when I come back, the first thing I think is: &quot;I am home again&quot; which makes me feel very comfortable.I am a heavy person, so the fold-out bed should bother me more than by average people.But that is not true, as I always sleep very well there and the bed is really comfortable.I can imagine that the bed isn't comfortable anymore if you do not sleep alone.Also the area is excellent. It is very central, there is a supermarket around the corner and there are drugstores, bars and restaurants around and it is very easy to reach as there is a tubestation on the corner of the street. The area is very lively! I certainly recommend this place to anyone who wishes an independant, discreet stay in London.	
May 10 2006	Questionable Value...	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel. It was definitely not our best travelling experience: very narrow, old looking hallway on our floor with strange unpleasant smell in the air, reception was modest (least to say), the foldable bed was really, really uncomfortable. The area was quiet though, and the hotel is located right near the tube station. Not sure about reccommending this hotel.	
May 9 2006	Hot water problems	Oh dear, citadines holborn appears to have a chronic problem with supplying hot water. We got there late after a delayed flight and would have loved a hot shower or bath but no such luck. Next morning the story was more or less the same. However we realised that if , when the water got cold in the shower you turned on the hot tap in the bath and waited until the water got hot again, then turned on the shower you could have a 3 min hot shower before the water got cold again. Yes I know it sounds like a scene from Faulty Towers but it is absolutely true. I think the whole problem is that this place needs total refurbishment starting with the plumbing. On the plus side however it is in a very convenient location for Central London opposite a tube station on the direct line for Heathrow and a short walk from Covent Garden and the British Museum.	
Jan 27 2006	a fold out bed???	We had decided to stay an extra night in London but there was a mix up with our first hotel so we were looking for something reasonably priced and central. Good location - within walking distance of covent garden and just across the road from Holborn tube station. As for the room - a fold out bed - don't expect to get any sleep - I've never experienced anything more uncomfortable. Glad we were only staying the one night. If you aren't too concerned about the bed/lack of sleep it really is an excellent location for the price - but I'd rather pay that little bit extra for a real bed.	
Jan 23 2006	Just Fine	Booked with Expedia, for one night at at total cost of £85, which I thought was just right for what I got. I wouldn't pay any more.I had a studio apartment, with a small kitchenette, and a pull out bed, which was ok for the one night.I checked in at 11am, which was great, as normal check in is at 3pm. Checked out at 11.30am, any longer and I would have had to pay.There is a dishwasher in the apartment, and I could find no washing up liquid, and was told they don't have any, and I'd have to use the dishwasher, which seems like a waste of energy if you are onlu using a few plates. The front desk were helpful, but didn't go out of their way. I found the cleaners to be the most helpful.Location was excellnt, about two minutes from the tube, and ten minutes from Tottenham Court Road by bus.Numerous eateries around, and a Sainsburys Local on the corner.I would stay at Citadines again, but one in a different location.	
Dec 3 2005 	Not horrible but bad for business travel	Perhaps the first hotel I have ever stayed at that requires payment up-front, this isn't a terrible value. The room is a simple studio apartment with a tv and boom box, and a fold-out couch. I will say the bed is more comfortable than others have said, and the hot water issue seems to be resolved. However, the hotel does advertise two things that end up being shoddy. First, the in-house laundrette is tiny and in constant use. I needed to get some clothes done, so, instead, I tried to use the in-house laundry service (states that there is a daily pick-up). When I tried to drop off clothes on saturday afternoon, they told me that the next pick up was monday. Hardly a daily service. I had to spend over an hour walking around the neighborhood with my dirty clothes. Finally, I found a dry cleaner that agreed to do a same-day service for me (at half the price of Citadanes). Anyway, this probably won't impact you, but it screwed up some of my day.Second, the internet service consists of one computer that is constantly occupied. No wi-fi. Or, if there is, it doesn't work. I tried to call down to the desk, but they just let the phone ring forever, so I gave up. Maybe it does work at times, but I didn't experience it. So, again, I had to go somewhere else to check my email.So, overall, this is a great place for budget travellers. For those on business, it misses the mark.	
Jul 25 2005	Total nightmare!	Went to London for the weekend &amp; booked to stay at citadines. After driving around for hours trying to find the place, i wish we had never bothered. After calling the hotel to ask about parking facilities i wasnt advised it would be £20 per night ON TOP of the charges for the room etc &amp; still wasnt advised once id paid cash upfront for our stay. Once we got to our room we recieved a call from recieption demanding money for the parking which we just didnt have. The rooms were not as advertised, there were just sofa beds! The staff were less than helpfull...wouldnt recommend this place to anybody	
Jun 15 2005	Good but be aware of the fold-out beds!	We stayed for 8 nights in June 2005 at the Citadines in Holborn and would stay there again. The location is handy (right across the Holborn tube station), the rooms are clean, the building is new and modern, and the prices compare well with hotels. However, we have to note some drawbacks: the fold-out beds in the studios are disappointing (1 bed-room app have normal beds), the water pressure in the shower is weak, the self-service laundry is extremely expensive (7 pounds! for one load) and the front-desk service is lousy. Yeah, the service is really weak. And finally, the free-of-charge internet access consists of one workstation only plus wireless access (only one other desk provided).	
May 29 2005	Terrible place with army beds	Short and simple:fold out-sofa changing to army beds with stingy buttons on the matress - no service (it is an apartment-hotel) - late check out asked for 1.30 pm: should cost 1/2 day's rent, despite rooms vacant - staff indifferent - message from phone not retrievable - upsides: clean, with kitchen, quiet backfront	
May 17 2005	Apartment hotel that is neither and both	I stayed in the Citadines May 11 through 14, 2005, for which I paid about $250 a night. It started well enough, a polite clerk at the desk, a clean but noisy room in front. Being from NYC, I found the street noise a comfort. However, the services were very odd. I asked for directions from the desk clerk and was told that they don't normally give directions, that it is an apartment, not a hotel. They provided forms for ordering airport transportation but refused to make the call although it says clearly on the form that the &quot;desk clerk&quot; will make the call. A manager claimed that as an apartment not a hotel they did not provide any services and that the limo company required a credit card--not true. Like a hotel they keep your credit card. When I returned from the theater at midnight and, after preparing for bed, realized I had a call waiting. It was the same manager who did not have the time to call for an airport limo; he claimed that there was something wrong with my account. I dressed, went down to the desk to discover that the expiration date was missing and had to be corrected immediately (although I had two days left on my paid reservation).The next night, the lights went out. An all night repair man came immediately and spent about a half hour checking out the circuits, eventually replaced the hot-pot, but turned off the heat. It was very cold in May.Like an apartment, there was a pull-out bed, very difficult, impossible for an older person or anyone infirm. Like a hotel, a London hotel, the linens were gamey, the fresh smell of sweat and heads in the pillows. I am convinced that London hotels simply circulate the same linens with an occasional rinse. Here was a fairly new hotel/apartment, with ancient linens, worn, smelly. Fortunately, when I go to London, no matter how expensive the hotel, I bring my own linens and pillow guard. It is nowhere near Covent Garden(can't imagine why it is in the title) or the shops but rather in the business district, fairly deserted on Saturday and a real hike to the theater district.Finally, except for the first clerk, the staff was indifferent, rude, unhappy--perhaps they think that's fair in an apartment or they couldn't find work in a hotel. A warning about the hotel bargains in London: many of the familiar hotels advertised on the web are being refurbished and have scaffolding around them and construction all day. Be sure to ask.	
Apr 25 2005	Good apart from cold shower!	This hotel is in a good location and reasonably priced (I got a good deal through londontown).The fact that there is a kitchen and cooking facilities I think is a real bonus as it gives you much more flexibility and there are supermarkets nearby. We only stayed one night but it saved us the expense of having to go out for dinner or meals - I imagine this would be of benefit to those having longer stays.The only gripe I had was that the water in the shower was really cold which was not very pleasant and the temparature of the room wasn't that warm either. This has been commented on by other people who have stayed so really I feel the hotel should look into this. And the iron didn't work. But other than that I was quite happy with the hotel and the kitchen was a real advantage.	
Apr 2 2005	An unpretentious and private place to stay in London	We just returned from a visit to London, where we stayed at the Citadine's Holborn. The service here is bare-boned; guests are charged extra (and exorbitantly) for any extra services like housekeeping or even a change of sheets and towels. On the plus side though, it's a clean and pleasant place and the kitchenettes are a real plus. After you check in, make sure you have all kitchen equipment the hotel promises. If not, the staff should promptly supply it (they did in our case). By American standards, the rooms are small—don't expect the Embassy Suites. We had three people in our one-bedroom suite and it did get cramped sometimes, but it's certainly livable enough for a short stay. The hotel has a room behind the front desk with free wireless. There aren't enough places to sit, so people often ended up sitting on the floor or standing holding their laptops. There's also one desktop computer available with internet access. This is an extremely convenient part of London for travelers. There's a Sainsbury's superstore opposite the nearby Holborn Tube station and a Boots chemist across the street. And it couldn't be more caffeinated. There are two Starbucks nearby, but I was glad to take a break from them and use the excellent and friendly Cafe Nerro on the Kingsway. Holborn's a great location—to the west you have Covent Garden and the theatre district, to the north, Bloomsbury and the British Museum, to the east, Lincoln's Inn (and its very pretty park) and to the south, Somerset House and the Embankment. It's a great area just to walk around in.	
Mar 1 2005	Great place for a family	We are a family of four and we really enjoyed this hotel. The staff was very friendly and the kitchen was well equipped with very nice china. Cups/Saucers, plates, bowls, cooking equipment, water boiler. There are two stove burners and a very small oven (toaster style oven). This worked for us and we were able to cook all of our meals at the hotel. This saved us a bundle of $$$. The grocery store is very close.They must have fixed the water problem. After reading the reviews I was ready to really struggle with the shower temperature, but it was easy. The best thing for the family was that the fold-out couch. It actually was two completely seperate and quite comfortable twin beds. One bed slides out from under the other bed and then pops-up to bed height. We moved one of the beds to the other end of the room and put the table in the middle. This was a great way to split up our boy and girl teens who want to be as far as possible from each other as possible. The room was rather tight in this arrangement - but hey this is Europe, you expect things to be small. The in-room safe was very nice also.We didn't experience any of the other problems reported. Our room was clean and I actually prefer not to have the staff come in every day. I didn't sense a smokey smell - and I am quite sensitive to that, so we must have been lucky there. The room was also very quiet.I would highly recommend this place for a family who wants to save money by cooking their own meals.The only downside was that we arrived at 11:00 am very tired after an all night flight. They wouldn't let us check-in until 3:00 pm. They did store our luggage, however.	
Mar 1 2005	Great value in London	My daughter and I stayed here in February '05. We were thrilled with it. We stayed a week and found the room very comfy and loved the bathroom and having a kitchen. We cooked our own breakfasts and a few other meals, which helped save money in such an expensive city! We had no water temp issues, mentioned by some other guests, and our room was a good size for the two of us. The pull out bed isn't bad at all, for a pull-out. I wish we had more than one pillow per person and another blanket, but we managed well. You can control your own heat and the windows open, which is nice. The lobby is very nice, and the location is ideal. There's a supermarket a block away, as well as a tube stop. We enjoyed our long walks to Covent Garden, and the British Museum is only about three blocks away. I will definitely stay there again, and will consider staying in other Citadine hotels.	
Feb 2 2005	We'd stay there again!	We spent a week in London in July 2004 and stayed at this hotel. We thought it was a great. The tube is just a block away. There is a grocery store a couple blocks away so we bought breakfast supplies and made our own in the kitchenette - more relaxing and cheaper. I'm a big bath fan and LOVED the tub. We did a pub walking tour every evening and we were able to walk to most of them because of the proximity to everything. It's not that far from Covent Gardens and there are lots of pubs nearby. McDonald's is a couple blocks away and provided us with a late night snack a couple evenings.We knew when we booked that it wasn't like a hotel room with daily maid service, etc. We felt like we were living in an apartment rather than a hotel room.We'll definitely stay there again.	
Sep 23 2004	Took my new Fiance there to celebrate our engagement	I proposed to my girlfriend in Leicester Square on Saturday evening, she said yes! I had arranged this hotel for one evening as a surprise and we loved it. The receptionist was extremely helpful in a desperate search for wine after all surrounding pubs had shut up shop by guiding us to a local off licence.The staff were very friendly, professional and polite. Our room had a nice view of high holborn and was clean, tidy and of a good size with a double fold out couch/bed.The kitchen is a bit cramped and didn't really have enough equipment though (I had to fry bacon in a sauce pan.) but, it was fine for just one nightAll in all though a very positive night!	
Jul 28 2004	Lots of little quirks but overall a good value for London	I posted a review after my July 2003 stay, and I have stayed there two times since then. This hotel combines some strong advantages with a lot of petty, irritating flaws. My most recent (third) visit was one of those situations where a multitude of things were slightly &quot;off,&quot; but nothing was terrible: My room had no pillows because I was told the hotel had run out of pillows(!), and my room did not have the advertised in-room safe, although these problems were rectified the next day. I had only 20 inches of closet rod, and the hookless hangers were falling apart, unsuccessfully jerry-rigged with electrical tape. The sink and toilet didn't drain properly during my third stay. A flaw that I have found in all three visits is that the bathroom floor tiles are loose because there's no shower curtain (a typical glitch in British hotels) and no caulking between the tub and the sink cabinet. The problems with the shower faucet, that others have commented on, were fixed during July 2004 according to notices I saw. I found the staff to be dedicated and eager to please, but there are times when they can only do so much. The rooms that face the main street have a slightly better layout than the other rooms.Customers should be aware of the Citadines strategy: No bellhops, no maid service or change of towels/linen once you've checked in, and your credit card is charged for the full amount at check-in. In the studio units, the only bed is the hide-a-bed. On the plus side, this is a great location, every unit has a fully-equipped kitchen, there is air conditioning, there is a laundromat, and it is a bargain by London standards if you can snare a low rate. The sad truth is that few British hotels are up to North American standards, and I have paid much more in London and gotten much less in return at other hotels. Yes, I would stay there again.	
Feb 8 2004	Great value Great location.	We stayed here Thanksgiving weekend 2003 and had a very pleasant experience. The location is AMAZING. The Holborn tube station is literally across the street.We found the accommodations to be quite adequate; the room was spacious by European standards, the sofabed was comfortable, and every appliance in the kitchen was in working order.The staff was friendly and attentive to our needs.Also, the climate control in the room worked well.The warnings about the water temperature in the shower are not exaggerated (it's quite easy to get scalded, so be careful). We did not notice the construction noises referenced in some of the reviews we read on this site, so perhaps it has been completed.Granted, this is not a luxury hotel, but it was quite a bargain, and we would not hesitate to stay here again.One caveat: The continental breakfast is not included in the room charge (I think it came to 8 pounds a day). By the way, we found this web site an invaluable resource in choosing our hotel; taken as a whole, the reviews were right on target. The next time we travel to a new destination, you can bet that we will be consulting tripadvisor.com!	
Jan 12 2004	Great Location need asbestos skin!!		
Dec 11 2003	Overall good but beware quirky Citadine practices		
Oct 23 2003	Not a pleasant stay		
Jul 31 2003	better elsewhere		
Jun 2 2003	Would Reccomend IT		
Mar 31 2003	Good Effort		
Jan 21 2003	great place and location		
Jan 18 2003	Great location great place!		
Dec 3 2002	Citadines High Holborn		
Jun 26 2002	Clean well equipped but usually broken		
Jun 26 2002	Bonne situation accueil et chambre très limite...		
Sep 7 2009 	central.		
Aug 18 2009 	Trés bonne adresse ....		
Jul 8 2009 	Céntrico excelente trato al cliente echo de menos + frecuencia limpieza		
May 23 2009 	Bien situe mais les lits doivent etre changes!		
Jan 19 2009 	No esta mal		
Sep 6 2008 	meilleur rapport qualité prix		
