Sep 29 2009 	all promise no delivery	i booked a twin room was given a double and foldout settee complained next day was told that was what i had booked even though .i had my booking form stating a twin . and was more or less told tough .the noise outside at night was likr living on a street with a bunch of getto blasters partying youths and car horns when i mentioned this was told it was not usualy lke this . only when i told them i was going to contact head office was some thing done .they offed me a camp bed .ha ha . then a twin room turned up from now where and we were put in the basement out of site out of mind .the room was not used very often has it had cobbwebs on the ceiling and the back of the settee and the lights had to be kept on even during the day because it was so dark .the bathroom had bits of tiles missing on the floor and yhe list goes on	
Sep 9 2009 	Very nice hotel good location	We really liked this hotel. The rooms are quite big. If you are staying for a while, the kitchenette could be helpful. The staff were friendly and answered our questions. The location is nice because you can walk down to Soho, Covent Garden, and Trafalgar in about 15 mins or so. If I stayed in London again, I think I would try to get a hotel more in Trafalgar or Leicester square. However, this location is still very good, especially with the British museum just down the street. I wouldn't have their breakfast, as there are cheaper places around.	
Sep 2 2009 	Disgraceful booking practice.	We booked the Buckingham through lastminute.com after much internet searching.We arrived and were told that we had been &quot;allocated&quot; a room that was actually in the Clarendon hotel next door.We did not complain at the time as we were tired and were assured that the room was of similar standard.After our stay we discovered that in fact we could have booked a standard double room at the Clarendon for considerably less money. We were not offered any refund of the difference in price and consequently feel deceived and cheated. Apparently, this booking practice is perfectly normal at this hotel. They obviously accept bookings for the Buckingham from various places like lastminute.com and once they have your money they simply &quot;allocate&quot; rooms at their other, presumably less desirable, hotels.We will not be booking any Grange hotels in the future and our advice to you is the same.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location No air conditioning	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in early July. The location is its best attribute. Very cute, quiet, townhouse, street, but very central. Less than one block from Russell Square with lots of stores and restaurants. 5-10 minute walk to Covent Garden and the Strand. Around the corner from the British Museum. We had a room on the first floor looking out on the Garden. The room was large, clean and beautifully furnished with a small kitchenette and a new marble bathroom. The king bed was very comfortable. There was a flat screen HDTV with cable service- great for watching the tennis finals. Unfortunately we arrived in London during an unusual heat wave - 95 degrees. Our room was NOT air conditioned and had very little ventilation even with the window wide open- it was hot! Our window was right next to the breakfast room kitchen so the noise of dishes and food prep started at 6:30AM. It was hard to keep the window open. The hotel provided a fan which improved things slightly. If you are visiting in the summer, I would request a room on a higher floor, looking out on the street. There is hardly any traffic on this street and the breeze seems to come from this direction. The breakfast room is very small so you may not get a table. The hotel breakfast is very expensive anyway so we ate at one of the many restaurants in the area. Try Brunswick center (near the Russell Square tube stop)- many great restaurants and cafes with outdoor seating. It also has a Waitrose supermarket with great prepared foods, wines, beers, and the usual other stuff. If you have a car, there is underground parking one block away for 25 gbp per 24 hours. All day Sunday you can park right in front of the hotel for free. Other times there is a paymeter - 4 gbp per hour. If your looking for a small hotel with character, great rooms, good service on a quiet street this is a great choice. Overall I believe this hotel is a great value in a terrific location.	
Jun 24 2009 	Definitely would Stay Again	My room was huge and clean. It was kinda old school decorations but that may just be classic English decor (no offense!). The room was updated and very nice. I just loved how big it was. Not too many TV channels but no big deal. I can't remember if there was wifi bc I didn't have a laptop but internet access was only one computer at a sister hotel two doors down. The staff was incredibly helpful and planned some of my travels around England for me! Location was all right for the few places that I was going to. Was only there for 2 nights. Paid 100 quid (for all you unfamialir with Brisith that just bucks)a night it was a good value since most places are a lot more expensive. Would definitely stay again!	
Apr 10 2009 	Great location good value	Stayed for midweek break with wife and 2 children. Excellent family room, 2 double beds plus bed settee which was not required for sleeping. Brilliant location for visiting theatres which we came for. On first day small dining room was full but we were relocated to sister hotel across the street for breakfast and no problems.Bathroom could be a bit more tidy but how particular do you want to be?Definitely recommend	
Mar 21 2009 	Peace comfort excellent value	I stayed in this hotel for three nights while my son was in a local hospital. For the quality of the accomodation, I thought that this hotel was excellent value. During the same week we stayed in another nearby hotel which was part of an international hotel chain. The price was virtually the same, but the room at the Buckingham was three times the size, far more luxuriously decorated, and also the bathroom was at least twice the size of the other hotel and far better equipped (my bathroom had a bath with shower over, as well as a separate shower). The hotel provides a wide selection of magazines in each room, as well as a complimentary newspaper or my choice each morning - as well as some other 'free' finance &amp; general papers. There is a small 'lounge bar' and breakfast area. Full English breakfast is about £20, Continental is £17, however you do not need to have either of these, as each room contains a mini kitchen area, with fridge, sink, microwave, kettle, china &amp; cutlery, so you can stock up with all you need to prepare your breakfast yourself. (There are several supermarkets in the area including a superb 'Waitrose' in the Brunswick Centre nr. Russel Square Underground station, and a Sainsburys and Tescos Express in Southampton Row/High Holborn. The room also contains a flat screen TV, music player , wireless or wired internet access. My room (Number 4) was a basement room, overlooking the lovely quiet gardens at the back of the hotel. Because of this location I did not experience any of the normal city traffic noise - I was awoken by the sound of the birds in the trees in the gardens. Amazing for a city-centre hotel. The hotel is in the centre of the 'Bloomsbury' area of London, a few yards from the British Museum, near several important hospitals, and about 10 minutes walk from Covent Garden and London's 'Theatre District'. In Southampton Row and Covent Garden there are literally hundreds of different restaurants catering to all tastes. I have also previously stayed in another 'Grange' hotel, the Holborn, which is a 5 star. It was a very nice hotel, but at the Buckingham had a bigger room and it was in a much quieter location, at a (much) lower price. I would definately recommend the Buckingham &amp; will stay there again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Horrible customer service- AVOID at ALL Costs	We booked a family vacation in October. Had to change dates to November. We called the hotel and cancelled our room months in advance. They charged our credit card anyway for one night and fought us on the charge. We finally paid it but my recommedation is to AVOID The Buckingham and the Grange hotel chain at ALL costs. We finally stayed at the Renassiance Chancery Court ...a wonderful hotel.	
Jan 21 2009 	Very good	Stayed here for one night in Dec as we were attending a wedding in central London. Hotel was in a great location, a stones throw from British Museum and about 10 minutes walk to Covent Garden. The road its in is quite and there is an underground carpark at the end of the road in bloomsbury square, parking is pricey but It is in London generally.Room was great, nice clean and spacious with a fridge and microwave in a kitchenette type space. Although we were only there for one night it would be ideal for anyone visiting London for a holiday.	
Sep 4 2008 	Wonderful rooms and lovely and quiet	This place exceeded my expectations which I admit were already quite high after seeing the pictures on their website. The rooms were wonderfully large, light and airy and really well appointed. Having a sink, microwave and fridge in the room, discretely hidden away is a real bonus. The bathroom was of a good size too and really well laid out, smart and clean with avery effective shower.The lounge area was very comfortable and again very light and open.I stay in hotels in London very regularly and this is probably the best so far. It was one of those hotels where I regretted that my stay was just for the one night.	
Jul 12 2008 	Peace in the city	This hotel is situated in a quiet residential street in Bloomsbury, where one wouldn't realise one is in the middle of a large city, yet still close to many sights.The staff, all of whom came from abroad, were very friendly and brought us things like ice cubes and a sewing kit within minutes. The Buckingham belongs to a chain of Hotels all in the same street, so many things, such as the concierge, had to shuttle between the houses. We arrived in our car and the hotel offered no parking. We parked in the nearby secured Bloomsbury Square carpark, where hotel guests received a discount (we were informed of this by the carpark, not the hotel staff, when leaving!).We didn't have breakfast at the Buckingham, as the price of 18 pounds for continental breakfast and 22 pounds for English breakfast seemed somewhat exaggerated! (By the way, all prices displayed are net !)The room was very spacious and included a kitchenette and ironing facilities. The bathroom was very modern and also large. The decor was somewhat uninspired (hotel standard) but of a high quality nonetheless. The room we had was on the ground floor and faced the garden, meaning that we could sleep in the city centre with the sash window wide open - great!	
Apr 8 2008 	good value	We chose this area of London as we were coming from Paris on the Eurostar and it was relatively close to St Pancras station. The price quoted on the website was very reasonable compared to other hotels in London. We were pleasantly surprised to find a very spacious room with fireplace, two chairs in a sitting area, and a small kitchenette. The location is just around the corner from the British Museum and very close to two tube stations. There is not a lot in the way of restaurants in the area but you can easily go elsewhere on the tube. Had a nice meal in the Museum Pub and had a good continental breakfast in the hotel. This came with the reservation or you could order a full breakfast at the posted price.	
Jan 25 2008	so spacious	We went to London for the New Year. We booked a studio.It had a large double bed, which was very comfortable.There was also a bed settee for the children. There was a cupboard that contained a full sized fridge, sink, microwave, kettle and crockery.The bathroom was quite spacious and had toiletries.We booked it through their website which had good rates and included breakfast. There was a good selection of cereal, fruit juices, toast, and tea of coffee.The only thing that was wrong is you had to go next door to The Claredon Hotel for breakfast.Overall our stay felt like luxury, the staff were very helpful and couldnt do enough for us.	
Jan 8 2008 	Very nice hotel. Great choice	Very nice hotel with a great location. Staff very friendly and helpful. The room was very spacious and comfortable compared to the average in London. Very good value for the money I paid. I travel a lot to London for business purpose and definitely, I will stay again in the same hotel.	
Dec 1 2007	Very nice stay	I stayed at the Buckingham during a quick business trip to London, and chose the hotel from an on-line travel site mainly for its proximity to my meetings and its cost. The location is excellent and I appreciated being in close proximity (both via Tube and walking) to many desired locations, while still being in a relatively quiet part of central London. My first room was a bit on the small side, judging by American standards. However, due to problems with the internet connection in my first room, I was moved to a much larger room for the remainder of my stay. I would like to note that both rooms were very comfortable, extremely clean, and I appreciated the built-in fridge/microwave/sink features. This hotel shares restaurant/bar/business center services with its sister hotels down the townhouse row. I found this arrangement to be rather charming and not at all problematic, howevever, others might find it inconvenient to walk two doors down to access breakfast or the business center. Within a couple of blocks are coffee shops, convenience stores and grocers, and decent restaurants, depending on your preference/taste. As I mentioned earlier, the Holburn and Russell Sq. tube stops are within a 5 min. walk, so the rest of London is easily accessible. At this time, with the lousy exchange rate of the US dollar to the UK pound, I felt that the Buckingham was a very good value. I would stay there again, however, I would request one of the larger rooms, if available.In closing, I would like to commend the staff for their responsiveness to my needs, especially in regard to problems connecting to the high speed internet from my room. The staff were very kind and accommodating, and I felt like I received the same level of personalized service as I would have at the Hilton or other larger chain.	
May 18 2007 	A week stay at the Buckingham	Stayed for 6 nights at the Grange Buckingham. Have heard of contrasting reviews on the hotel, but my stay was fine and pleasant. At 195 pounds per night, wouldn't consider it a steal, but it was worth it as the room was huge and clean. The bathroom was a surpriseas it's rather well furnished and modern, e.g. at least the sink tap was the mixer type, unlike some of the London hotels I stayed previously. The room had a useful kitchenette, which was equipped with a microwave oven and fridge - great for heating up TV dinners as dining out is rather expensive. I felt the service was great, and there's change of bedlinen daily. Then again, maybe that's because my family and I preferred to be left alone most of the time. The place was quiet. Location was pretty good, with the British Museum next door, and the Tottenham Court and shopping belt about 20 mins walk. Nearest Tube station is Euston, which is like 10 mins walk. Across the tube station is Sainsbury supermarket which you can get most of the TV dinners. From Euston to Covent garden is only 1-2 tube stops.Overall, it's a reasonable stay and recommended for family with youngkids. The room size is something which you'll be hard pressed to find in Central London.	
Jan 5 2007 	Never got past the lobby	My husband and I were booked for a stay at the Buckingham in early December 2006 by a travel agent. We had a confirmed reservation with a number. When we arrived at the hotel after the all-night flight from NY, we were told by the front desk receptionist that our reservation had been cancelled by our travel agent while we were en route. Since our cell phone did not have service in London, we asked to use the phone in the hotel to confirm this (the travel agent was located in England.) The receptionist politely informed us that we could use a pay phone in the street around the corner. We were obviously distressed and exhausted, so I found this incredibly inconsiderate. My husband was assured by the agent that the reservation was valid, but numerous phone calls between the agency and the hotel proved pointless as they refused to honor the reservation. Be forwarned that Grange Hotels accepts reservations for rooms they do not have, and will not make good if this is the case. Thankfully we were able to book into another hotel by Hyde Park, the Commodore, which I would recommend.	
Dec 2 2006 	Service was horrible and dirtly room !	We stayed in this hotel for 2 days since we had appointments for work in central london. Well I did not have any expectation from this place since I knew it was almost in some alley in central london totally not connected or any bars or restaurents around ( thanks god for the Suv we had rented with gps.)What was horrendous was that early moorning after we checked in there were loud noise of banging and hammering . After we woke up startled - found out we were given the room right next to the part of the building which was getting constructed and when asked WHY they did not even apolozise or help us get any other room. Also the smallest of things were not there- No adaptors , No creamer for coffee....if you asked for ketchup..-the lady said they have run out of it..!!!!It was just very frustrating!I would not want anyone to go thru this !	
Mar 21 2005	Convenient and Quiet!	My wife and I just came back from our trip to Europe. We stayed at the Grange Buckingham in the Bloomsbury section of London from 3/11/5 to 3/15/5. We were surprised at how spacious the room was. It even had a couch and two chairs. The bathroom had a separate shower and bath tub. The hotel is centrally located. The Holburn tube station is nearby as is the British Museum. This place is very quiet. You wouldn't even know that you're in Central London. There is no bar/lounge or restaurant but that wouldn't stop us from staying there again. Cheerio!	
Jan 11 2005 	V. Close to the British Museum	The Buckingham is part of the Grange Bloomsbury Townhouse collection. It is a fair deal as it has a fridge and microwave - and the larger rooms are v. spacious (but are quite noisy at night). And, the small rooms are v. small. The beds are hard but bathrooms are above avg. A decent deal if not paying too much....and if you want to be close to the Museum and Library. Would suggest looking a little harder for something else if given the time.	
Sep 30 2009 	hotel agréable pour un séjour de 4 nuits		
Jul 21 2008 	Mitten in London und doch recht ruhig!		
