Nov 24 2009 	Lovely stay	My husband and I stayed here as we were seeing a show at the Hammersmith Apollo. The reception staff were excellent and the room was lovely. The room had tea &amp; coffee facilities which was nice. Our room was at the front overlooking the main road and the green. We had no trouble with traffic or noise and we both said we would definately stay here again. The bar was also nice as was our meal, which at £20 for 2 mains and a bottle of wine was a bargain. Breakfast was awful - we waited an hour and it was like it had been cooked in a microwave - the sausage looked raw. Hope this helps.Lisa	
Oct 31 2009 	Refurbished Victorian gem	The Brook Green pub and hotel have been recently refurbished by the looks. The bar has been done in a strange colour, reminiscent of the colours bar ceiling used to turn from the nicotine stains and maybe that's the point. The bedrooms though have been tastefully refurbished, with a modern feel, including wall mounted flat screen TVs, whilst retaining the large Victorian windows and high ceilings. The staff are friendly, and the cooked breakfast was excellent on the first day and good on the second (depends on the chef?). This is actually a surpisingly convenient location, maybe ten minutes walk from the Hammersmith tube stations, whilst King Street is packed with ethnic restaurants - try 101 Thai at 352 King St - a small but very authentic Thai restaurant. The Thames is only a short walk away, and makes for a very pleasant riverside stroll along the Thames Path down to Barns bridge, from where you can get a bus back to Hammersmith station.Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay, which was good value in nicely refurbished rooms. However, if staying at the Brook Green, it is on a busy road and the noise from the pub - both music from the bar below and people out on the street out front, made sleeping difficult before the pub closed at 1am - there is an obvious solution though - have a pint in the bar! Our room was not made up during our stay, but since this was only two nights it didn't matter and could be argued that daily room make ups are excessive. There was no soap in the room, although there were other shower items so this may have been an oversight - we'd brought our own anyway.All in all a good value stay in nicely refurbished rooms in a convenient location in the capital. Just be aware of the noise issues if that is a concern to you.	
Jan 28 2009 	Fantasic Food	I recently had the privalage of staying at the brook green for 3 nights the staff were friendly helpful and efficent, The food is outsatanding with new chefs on board cooking, i would recommed staying and dinning there or just popping in for a pint.	
Dec 4 2007 	Take your earplugs	We stayed in this hotel for three nights. The location is handy to public transport. The ambience in the bar is nice. The staff were mostly young expatriates who were really friendly. Our room overlooked Shepherds Bush Road. We felt as if we were bombarded by sirens, with the fire station being very close, and the road being frequented by ambulances and police cars that had their sirens blaring at all hours. This did not make for restful sleep. Neither did hard beds. Our room needed quite a bit of maintenance - one power point didn't work, only one of three bathroom lights was functional, the shower leaked onto the end of the bath and water flowed from there to make a lake on the bathroom floor, and the main stairwell light was also not functioning. Housekeeping hadn't removed all of the previous occupants' rubbish and during our stay didn't once clean or replace our water glasses or tea cups - we had to clean them ourselves. We expected a bath towel each but didn't always get this and had to ask for more, although there were enough hand towels. Our room keys seemed programmed to work only once - we were having to get them reprogrammed several times each day. The breakfast menu runs from 7am till noon which is good for a sleep-in, but the standard of food is patchy.	
Jul 24 2007 	Great Value and Location	The Brook Green was a breath of fresh air, literally. The hotel rooms are above a busy pub, but extremely well isolated acoustically. In addition, our stay was during one of those heatwaves that are allegedly rare in Britain, but seem to strike every time I visit. The room was not huge, but had gorgeous high ceilings and quiet, cool air conditioning. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom very well appointed. The proprietors were friendly and this made a great place to stay the final night of our sojourn.	
Aug 7 2006 	Great place away from the crowds but close enough to the city	Stayed for 3 nights this July. Great location (within 5 minutes walk of the Hammersmith Station) and great neighborhood with several excellent ethnic restaurants. The pub and hotel are very clean and air-conditioned. The breakfast is excellent, and the staff are very helpful. Great value.	
