Nov 3 2009 	Great really the top in London for small budgets	This is the best value for money I ever saw in London. It beats everthing likewise in cleaness, space, organisation and quality for a low budget. The room where I stayed in was huge. It could have been the size of three rooms of an average London Hotel, a real luxury for 30£ only. To the characteristics about the hotel: it is managed by the German YMCA, a Christian Youth Association. Staffs are German, it seems Austrian too and Scandinavian.Furniture are tidy, clean, clean and clean..... It makes you feel as if you spend a night in a German Bed and Breakfast. Everything is very well looked after and very well maintained. The sink is large. There are no pictures on the wall and because the room is huge, this makes it a bit boring. Nevertheless, this is excellent value for money. Lancaster Hall Hotel is the real secret bargain in London. As it is unbeatable for the low fare, reservation must be made very well in advance. Even in low season, room are hardly available without reservation. It is the fairest deal which I made in London and I really felt respected as a guest. In all, a great place to stay for a low budget.For the price I paid, bathrooms were outside but there are plenty of them, so you do not risk cueing up. The same applies for the toilets. Bathrooms are large, clean, clean and clean…..There is always soap available from a dispenser. Showers are separate and everything is very friendly and again: clean, clean and cleaner than you ever can find in another place outside this hotel. The breakfast room is large and I estimated that it can accommodate about 100 guests. Breakfast is great and the choice is unbeatable. It is a typical German continental breakfast with a large choice of different sorts of cheese, sauchisages, jams, honey, different types of fresh bred ranging from white bread to wholegrain bread, fresh eggs, Cornflakes, Muesli, all free of choice and unlimited with smiling waiters in tidy clean black and white uniforms serving you tea/ coffee/ etc..This only costs you 5£ which no other place can beat in London as far as I have experienced.For travellers who are desperate for a TV, the fact that I did not have a TV in my room is a downside. However, I did not mind at all and probably there are other rooms which might have a TV. Nevertheless, there is a bible in the room, so for all religious (non Christians and Christians included) and non-religious travellers, the hotel provide a space where you can rest your mind. Security is provided by CCTV cameras and the watchful staff. In all: great experience after all the disappointment I had in London. It is a place to be during the upcoming Olympics: very clean, impeccably managed, exceptionally great value for money and extremely fairly priced, the price is unbeatable for the all what is offered, best breakfast for 5£ in London. In addition, it’s a great location in the center of London.In all: great experience, unbeatable for the price. I’ll come back, for sure….and if it is only to enjoy the great breakfast.	
Oct 28 2009 	We enjoyed our visit at Lancaster Hall Hotel	It was clean, comfortable, close to tube and Paddington Station. We had an in room bath with lots of hot water. The breakfast which was included with the room charge was plentiful - meats, cheeses, cold cereal, breads, boiled eggs and fruit, tea and coffee. The room was small, but you're not going all the way to London to spend time in the room. The only disadvantage was the lack of good restaurants within walking distance. But we were always out and about anyway. We would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 2 2009 	You can find better	I stayed at this hotel, knowing it was a budget hotel. i didn't expect to have budget service too. The place smells of smoke, very noisy groups of travellers. I couldn't even open the window for a fresh air. Better value for money can be found elsewhere. Not recommended for the solo traveller, the place feels like a hospital waiting room. Not very appealing. I have been back to london but not back to this place. Nor would i recommended to anyone else. find somewhere else, budget doesn't mean you don't pay for a room, you want to be comfortable and feel safe away from home.	
Jul 30 2009 	Perfect	Ideal place to stay for business on a budget . Staff helpful and rooms clean and confortable. Located near all amenities and it also offers Student accomodation at reduced rates in the Hotel also. I have stayed there for many years and found it very good for a base to travel around the City. Rooms are twins no double beds but it is continetal style in feel.Breakfast 10/10	
Jun 26 2009 	Why did i bother staying here not value for money.	The staff were all rude during my stay, not helpful at all. The hotel is very dated with its decor. I needed directions, had to find out for myself. There are better hotels out there. I wouldn't recommend to anyone. It ruined my trip to london.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great budget choice.	Stayed here in a single youth wing room. Room was quite large and clean. Toilet and shower rooms were private and clean. Some fool group was incredibly loud and yelling the second morning so woke me up, but other than that room was very quiet. Breakfast was what I would call an expanded continental - rolls, croissants, bread (toast), cottage cheese, cream cheese, spreads, cereal, 3 types of cold cuts, 3 types of cheese, fresh fruit, tea and coffee... I really enjoyed the breakfast. I had never stayed near Paddington before so it was a bit further from some things than I'm used to but I did find the location excellent - handy to Hyde Park and quite a few handy bus routes. My main complaint would probably be a lack of a common room or kitchen facilities - I like to cook some of my own meals. I would recommend.	
May 11 2009 	If you find better value in the UK capital tell me	I have stayed at this excellent value hotel in central London for many years now and have found it to be consistently good at offering comfortable, clean and friendly accommodation, whether you stay in the youth wing or hotel section. Okay, it may be a little dated in its design and decor but does that matter when a full buffet breakfast is thrown in, enough to see you through to supper time? The location is excellent, close to two underground stations and Paddington and it's perfect for a walk in the ever changing Hyde Park. There are numerous local shops and restaurants. And I am looking forward to staying there again and again...	
Apr 15 2009 	Good experiance	Stayed here for 3 nigts las summer (-08). Very nice staff, clean and varied breakfastbufé.We would love to come back!The location nice too, just cross Hyde Park and your at Harrods and other places.4-person familySweden	
Mar 8 2009 	OK place	My friends and I stayed in the youth wing in a three bed room for a weekend to do some Christmas shopping. The rooms are simple, and have a decent size, nothing fancy. The bathrooms in the halls, on the other hand, were not very clean.The breakfast was quite good and the staff is friendly.Quite cheap compared to other places, but I do not know if I'd consider staying there again.	
Dec 30 2008 	YOUTH WING ECONOMIC AND BASIC BUT GREAT	It is nice to find a economic place in London. The room was big enough for me, clean, with the basic services. The toilet was not en suite, it was common but it was clean. If you are just looking for a place to sleep and you do not want to share a room with more people, I think this hotel could be a good choice.	
Oct 25 2008 	Very good	I stayed in the youth wing- the accommodation is basic but was the best basic accommodation I have seen for a long time. Everything was spotlessly clean, there were plenty of showers and toilets for the number of guests so never a queue, and the room was surprisingly spacious and bright. Breakfast was also superb, as was the location.Absolutely unbeatable value.	
Jun 18 2008 	Life Saver	When the hotel we were booked into turned out to be really no good, and leaving it until late at night to make a decision to look for somewhere else, this hotel came to the rescue. We asked to look at a room before booking in which they had no problem with. It was clean, nothing fancy but spacious enough for London. Bathroom was also clean. Continental breakfast was quite good - have read other opinions that differed from mine - but it included cold meats and cheese, croissants as well as toast, fruit salad, juice etc - and self serve so you weren't limited in what you ate. Front staff were fine but a little reserved. Hairdryers and irons were loaned from the front desk for a fee but that fee was refunded when returned. Only really negative was we could smell cigarette smoke in the hallways on the 2 days we were there and the front door stated clearly it was a no smoking building. Not sure what that was about. Didn't want to comment as we were really happy to have found a vacancy at this hotel late at night. Couldn't stay for the 4 days we had booked at previous place as this hotel only could accomodate us for 2 nights but we found an even better hotel at less cost for our last 2 nights so no problem.	
May 19 2008 	Very Basic Hotel.	This is a very basic hotel but good value at the price. It is very conveniently located near Lancaster Gate tube station and is within short walking distance of Paddington mainline rail station. I was there on my own for two nights and the hotel fulfilled my requirements of somewhere clean and safe in which to stay. The best description of the room is spartan. There were no touches of luxury (nor was I expecting any at the price) nor were there tea/coffee making facilities, a hair dryer or an iron (available from reception for a fee). The television was tiny and was wall mounted high on the wall so that one has to crane one's neck to watch it. It's what I expected for the price I was paying so I was not disappointed nor had I any complaints. The breakfast was basic as well but adequate.If you just want a place to sleep while in London you could do worse than this. Recommended for single travellers.	
May 14 2008 	Lucky second option	After arriving from the airport at 7am to find our original booked hotel closed (had advised our flight times, and confirmed it was ok) we ended up walking to this hotel and asking for room. Luckily they had one available for us. The beds were comfy, rooms decent size for London. Continental Breakfast was included, and was enough to keep us going until lunch. Had no complaints.	
Feb 28 2008 	Great hotel!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last summer with our son, at the time 6 month old. Our experience was great from the start - we had email-contact with the hotel before we booked, wanted to ask things regarding our son. The response was quick everytime and the staff very helpful and service-minded. When we arrived they had put a babycrib/bed in our room. The room was very clean and average size. Good Londonhotels are hard to find, they can be small, dirty etc but still VERY expensive! Lancaster Hall hotel is great, nothing luxery, but all you need -very clean, good area with walking distance to Hyde park and Oxford street, very close to Lancaster tubstation, but still quiet.The staff is friendly and helpful, breakfast included (also not usual in London), wich was good. Infact, I've just booked this hotel again ,for a trip this summer with friends. Looking forward to go back!	
Jan 6 2008 	Clean and basic with a good location and price	I stayed in a youth wing room (shared bathrooms) for a week last January. The hotel is in a great location for sightseeing and is very quiet and clean. The morning continental breakfast is nice. The shared bathrooms were cleaner than I usually find in places with shared bathrooms, and my room was pretty large. The best thing is that this place is only 30 pounds...something that price in London is usually pretty dingy, noisy, or has a bad location from my experience.	
Jun 19 2006	Can't believe it's the same place	From a regular business traveller in the UK. I just stayed at the Lancaster Hall Hotel, and can't believe it's the same place as described by your reviewer of April 7th. I found it to be very clean, welcoming, in a superb location for getting around London, and exceptionally good value. To have such a good continental buffet breakfast included at their price, is a real bonus. I will always stay there on future visits to London, and will recommend it to all my friends and business contacts.	
May 29 2006	Fabulous friendly and affordable	I stayed with my husband and 3yr old daughter for a week in May and had a thoroughly fantastic time. Our room was exceptionally clean and was light and airy, having requested a room facing the back of the hotel where it was nice and quiet. The breakfast buffet was varied and plentiful (on the contrary to other places we stayed at) and enjoyed by us very much. The staff were cheerful and friendly and continuously helpful with our many queries. The fabulous location and high standard of this hotel leaves me with no hesitation to recommend it to anybody travelling to London - we will certainly stay there again ourselves!	
Apr 6 2006	Smokers Only - Please	Dirty, nasty, stinky and noisy. All wrapped into one address. The rooms are small and crowded. Beds twin size and uncomfortable. Second hand smoke plentiful, should save you many pounds for other uses. Bar soap and one box of tissues were the only amenities, other than a tv with remote control. Windows can't be opened and smoking is the rule, rather than the exception. My towels, left on the floor, were not changed, just hung back up. This is a YMCA facility and is really meant as a hostel with ensuite facility. In other words, you have your own bathroom. I would rather stay in a tent in Hyde Park.	
Jun 26 2005	Lancaster Hall Hotel	The Lancaster Hall Hotel is very conveniently located a short walk from Paddington station, both undergound and mainline trains, an even shorter walk to Bayswater Road where you can get a bus to Oxford Street, or walk a short distance to the Lancaster Gate underground station.It is affiliated with the German YMCA and has a Youth Wing attached to the Hotel. It is a great place to stay. I was booked into the Youth Wing as usual, but when I arrived at the Hotel I was upgraded to a hotel room and I had 11 nights there in June 2005. The rates for the Youth Wing are quite cheap, I would go as far as to say a stay in the Youth Wing would almost be the cheapest in London. You can have a very substantial breakfast whether staying in Hotel or Youth Wing as there is no distinction between guests staying in either as far as breakfast is concerned. The only difference between the Hotel and the Youth Wing is that in the Youth Wing you have to share showers and toilets, and there is no t.v. in the rooms, but if you are young you are probably out every night and wouldn't need a t.v!The service from the staff is extremely good and there is someone on reception 24 hours a day. I would recommend this Hotel, and the Youth Wing, to anyone wanting to stay in London. It is so conveniently located to so much transport and the West End. I have stayed here on a number of occasions on my various visits to London.Thank you to the staff at Lancaster Hall Hotel for making my stays in London so easy.Liz Noble	
Nov 17 2004	Clean as a whistle great location and great breakfast!	Just great, and the most reasonable option we found. Lovely attendants at the desk, and great family-friendly atmosphere throughout. And although the baths weren't en suite (we stayed in the annex) they were just a step down the hall, and were incredibly clean, beautifully laid out, spacious and steamingly wonderful. I'd stay here again and again -- I was traveling with my brother and 15-yr-old daughter, and we were all thrilled. Plus, they have the best, enormous map of the city I've seen anywhere, displayed right by the front desk. Extremely convenient!!!	
Jul 25 2004	Superb value for money - and a good breakfast	I have stayed in the Youth Wing a number of times and find it clean and excellent value for money. I am a 50yrs old and its fine to stay there when travelling on a budget.The staff are very efficient and friendly. I like it there and will always go back as my first choice.The breakfast is also very good.	
Nov 23 2009 	Un posto da tenere in considerazione		
Oct 18 2009 	Hotel sencillo pero muy bien ubicado		
Oct 4 2009 	Un hotel estupendo con una muy buena relación calidad-precio y en un sitio muy tranquilo!		
Jul 27 2009 	Può andare ...		
Jun 17 2009 	Sencillo pero muy bueno		
Nov 18 2008 	bien		
Jul 30 2008 	economico pero bueno		
Jul 21 2008 	War für den Preis in Ordnung		
Jun 2 2008 	si vas solo a dormir muy bien		
May 5 2008 	Amabilidad y atención		
Dec 13 2007 	Me gusto el Lancaster Hall		
Oct 4 2007 	bestes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Sep 23 2007 	Preiswerte saubere Unterkunft.		
Aug 17 2007 	gran destino para visitar londres		
