Nov 1 2009 	Perfect location very cozy friendly and very helpful staff!	I and a friend of mine decided to visit London in late august for a week. We went there to see some musicals, visit tourist attractions and just enjoy the city. I have been there before but loved it and needed to come back. Going to the hotel was a great idea. It was refereed to me by a friend from Spain who also visits the city occasionally. I was glad to see that it is 3 minutes away from the tube and the bus stop. In front of the small cozy hotel there is a park and a large shopping centre nearby. Very close to Notting hill and Kensington. When we arrived I had issues with my baggage and the owner immediately helped me along with one of the girls working there. The whole stay was great. Breakfast was great, the rooms nice and clean. I am definitely staying there again when I go back to London.	
Sep 24 2008 	Clean convenient and value for money	Returned for the 2nd time in 14 months for another week stay as felt very welcome and safe, place was spotless, breakfast (continential) more than sufficient, and location very convenient for the BBC, a choice of Tube and BritRail lines, bus routes and some pleasant walks to places like Kensington and Notting Hill . For the edge of central London the value is great (though cash only). Like many properties in older cities it is a converted old house so rooms and ensuites are modest in size (but don't go to London to stay in the room !), no double glazing (and road is quite busy but it's London !) and stairs only which are narrow but OK. Some noise possible from other residents but have had that in modern 5* hotels as well. Room has flat screen TV with DVD player plus tea/coffee making facilities.Owner/manager is friendly and helpful, has assisted at all hours of the night and ensures all guests consider others that are staying, particularly with regards to safety with smoking and unwanted visitors. Have no problem with that at all.Would definitely stay again and recommend to others.	
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent value for money	I have recently returned from a visit to London and stayed at Her Majesty's Hotel for a second time. The hotel is extremely well situated and the transport links are excellent. I have stayed at several different hotels in London over the past 15 years and have found that Her Majesty's accommodation to be of a high standard and the continental breakfast superior to many of the other hotels.I respect the owner's rules as these are necessary to create a safe environment for his guests.I can thus thoroughly recommend Her Majesty's and believe it to be excellent value for money.Thank you for your hospitality Rogee.Joanna	
Jul 18 2008 	Nice and friendly	Nice little hotel runned by correct and friendly man from Mauritius. He keeps an eye to everything, and you will have a stay were you can rest and be safe in a clean environment.Ekstra service when needed, as driving us to trainstation.Flexible with rooms, and really made our stay nice,with 4 teenage girls and 3 ladies. We vould like to return.	
May 31 2008 	Disappointing!!	NOISE NOISE and more NOISE! Slamming doors, construction, and a rude host made Her Majesty Hotel a big disappointment. Upon arrival the owner took a good 15 mins to track down as we waited on the front stoop. Then that morning as we prepared to catch up on some sleep we were awakened at 6 am by slamming doors. The cleaning people in the room above up were some of the noisiest people I have ever heard in a hotel. Its only good quality was the cleanliness. I would never stay over again!!	
Mar 4 2008 	Rude and Insulting	The booking process wasn't easy, and confirmation email was slow. We chose the hotel for it's close proximity to Shepherd's Bush Empire, where we went to see a concert, the hotel is only 100 yards from the venue.On arrival, they took our money, and then told my partner and I that had we not booked, we would not have been offered a room because of the way we were dressed. What were we wearing? Jeans, jacket and converse trainers... typical post grad student attire (and if you're wondering, no we don't have tatoos or facial piercings). I have stayed at one of the Hilton hotels, wearing the same thing to travel in, with no problems. We were told that it would scare people, and this was a family hotel. We were told REPEATEDLY at check-in that we were not allowed to smoke in the room or let other people stay, which we found extremely patronising.The room was clean, and there was no mould in the bathroom. However, the bed was narrow and the room and shower was cold during the day, the heating and hot water didn't come on until early evening.I've travelled a lot and stayed at a range of hotels around the globe, everything from the beach shack to the 5* spa resort. I've never been so insulted or patonised. If you're a young couple, I would definitely go somewhere else!	
Jan 11 2008 	A great pleasant stay	When we arrived, the owner was very kind and helpful. The room was above average, with a flat screen tv, ultra comfortable double bed, lovely view over the park, large enough for both suitcases and a clean up-to-date bathroom with a wonderful powerful shower!Breakfast was nice, with a selection of cereal, fruit, toasted bread which was lovely, and pastries. Coffee, tea, orange juice, milk or multifruit juice were available. All in all, this breakfast was filling and varied.The rooms and the hotel were always clean, the staff friendly and the area is close to the centre. Along the same road is the bus-stop and the underground station, which is only a few stops away from the sites and shopping area. The area is well catered with shops and there is a shopping mall close by.All in all, the hotel was great, friendly, clean and comfortable. It was a very enjoyable stay and hopefully we will visit Her Majesty hotel again in the near future!!! This hotel is very recommended to all...	
Dec 5 2007 	business 	I have stayed several times at this hotel which is convenient for public transport , tube and buses . The hotel is just outside congestion charge so the small car park at the hotel is very useful , I was pleased with the service and cleanliness of the hotel that I came to London with my wife for the weekend and stayed at the hotel which was handy to go up to the Westend , we thouroughly enjoyed our stay .	
Sep 25 2007 	Fantastic	I spent a great time at this excellent hotel. All the staffs are very polite and with a good knowledge about the fire department rules.I found the hotel completely clean, the breakfast with fresh food and the most important, a good price.I am a 100% sure next time in London I will “live” at HER MAJESTY HOTEL!Trust me, it is not a hotel it is like your own house.	
Sep 7 2007	Good place to stay	Three of us stayed at Her Majesty Hotel at the end of August and were generally happy with our choice. For the price (79 pounds/night for a triple room) I think it would be hard to find a better place to stay. Some details:Room: We stayed in the triple room on the second floor in the back of the hotel. While the room is not large by American standards it was of adequate size. The sheets were clean, pillows could be better but worked for us, the twin bed was of a normal size, not small. Rooms was cleaned well and beds made daily. The bathroom was small and the shower cabin is tight so if you are a large person it may be uncomfortable. The only issue we had with the bathroom was bad ventilation - towels would not dry up, rainy weather outside did not help either. I made sure the room was in the back when reserving the room as I knew the hotel is on a busy street. We kept windows slightly open and had no problem with the noise (only heard occasional ambulances) but I imagine the noise would be an issue in rooms facing the street.Location: The hotel is not in a central part of London, but it is not too far from the center. I would disagree with one of the reviewers that is it very far. It is only two stops west of Notting Hill Gate on a Central line, so with one transfer max you get anywhere in Central London within half an hour. Being in the west part of town it is also not too far from the Hearthrow airport (30 min drive). The area of Shepherds Bush is OK, not exactly pretty but felt safe walking around. There are plenty of inexpensive eating options from fast food to many small restaurants (polish, italian, thai, indian, moroccan, irish pub, etc.). There is also a little mall nearby with a supermarket and bunch of other stores.Breakfast was OK, not a lot of variety so it may get boring if you stay for many days. There are a few choices of cereal, bread, croissants (supermarket quality), butter, cream cheese, jams, milk, orange juice, tea, coffee, apples and bananas. The tables are setup nicely (tablecloth, flowers, etc.) and a kind lady brings you tea/coffee and toasts a bread for you. Can't complain here.The manager is an indian (I think) guy who was very pleasant and helpful with any of our requests. We felt that he cared about keeping his guests satisfied. I had no issues making a reservation, I called hotel directly, emailed request details and received confirmation email right away.One inconvenience was that the payment had to be made in cash on arrival so I had to exchange currency in US (not a good exchange rate). Not a big deal, but something to keep in mind.I would recommend this hotel to any budget conscious traveler who needs a clean, convenient place to spend the night while visiting London.	
Sep 3 2007 	OK but not great	After reading all the great reviews at TripAdvisor, we chose to stay in this B&amp;B Hotel while in London earlier this month. However, I find it difficult to understand what is so great about this place. Ok, the rooms are very clean and there is no mold, but the traffic noise is awful, the bed is narrow and short, there is not always hot water, and it is difficult to shower in the extremely small bathroom (with a funky shower). There is some hammering going on sometimes starting at 4 o'clock in the morning. You also constantly need to explain yourself (i.e., where have you been, did you buy something, etc.). The breakfast is not good at all, there is nothing warm or even yoghurt or pastry. It seems to me that they serve as little as they can, to still be able to call it breakfast.Also, the hotel is very far from the city center. Yes, there are two metro lines nearby, but last trains go around midnight and you certainly don't want to travel this far with a taxi cab. This basically means, that you will not have time to have dinner of drinks after a night in theathre. Also, you will spend a lot of time sitting (or standing) in the trains during your holiday. It is not practical to just stop by at your hotel room during the day (each return trip taking almost an hour), but rather you have to stay on the move the whole day.Although I would not recommend this hotel, there are no serious problems either. However, it can be difficult to make a reservation here, as the staff does not reply to E-mails very well. It felt a bit risky to go without a reply to a confirmation E-mail!	
Aug 24 2007 	Terribly rude!	I had booked a room with this hotel for September. My husband is critically ill and I had to cancel this reservation. I did not receive any confirmation of the cancellation and finally called this morning to make sure that they had gotten it. When I did book this room in July I had written to change the arrival time without a problem. The man answering said he had no time for people like me that book a room and then cancel. They are much too busy, said that they had sent a reply and said bye and hung up. Needless to say, if we do get the chance to go to London I will not book here.What kind of a business would treat someone like that at such a terrible time in their lives?	
Aug 7 2007	A lovely surprise	We've stayed at Her Majesty Hotel last july. We are a family of four and stayed in one room. Although I have read the previous reviews we only really know when we get there and Her Majesty Hotel was a great surprise, the room was good, clean, the breakfast was good and the staff was really nice. They all were very polite and the manager was always making an effort to help us in whatever we needed.Althought the hotel is not in the central area it is not far from it. From the hotel you have a choice of two tube stations - central line and hammersmith and city. It is easy to find buses too. So I can assure you that while in Her Majesty you won't have transportation problems. Another thing is that around the hotel area there are a good choice of small restaurants.We totally recomend this hotel to anyone who wants to be in a good, clean and friendly hotel and wants to save their money to spend in attractions, museums etc.	
Jun 7 2007	Def stay again!	Whilest working at the BBC on Wood Lane for a few weeks at a time i wanted to find a hotel that was in walking distance as well as clean, friendly, resonably prices and had a home from home feel to it. i certainly found this here!I would definately recommend to both business people and tourists as the hotel is only a few minutes walk from a tube station on the central line.lindseyfrom leeds	
Feb 20 2007	5 beautiful nights	Rooms are quite small but very clean and comfortable. Very good breakfast and friendly people. Recommended!	
Nov 27 2006 	Great hotel	My partner and I stayed at Her Majesty for three nights recently. We've stayed in quite a lot of hotels over an eight month period travelling Europe and Her Majesty was the best in terms of cleanliness, location, breakfast and service. Our room was cleaned every day and Rogee went out of his way to be helpful in all aspects of our stay.I've heard so many horror stories of some London hotels, but Her Majesty was a delight and relatively inexpensive. I would without a doubt recommend this hotel to other travellers.	
Oct 8 2006 	Small clean cheap. Great value.	Stayed here in July 2005 in a single room for approximately US$60 per night. Very small room, but also very clean. Bathroom was the tiniest bathroom I've ever seen, but again, very very clean, which was more important to me than space. Owner takes pride in his establishment and it shows. Breakfast is a simple but tasty (and free) affair -- croissants, cereal, coffee/tea. Easily accessible via the tube in an offbeat, non-toursity neighborhood. Very safe, front door to the hotel is locked at night (guests are given a key). I was given a hair dryer upon request. Warning, you do have to pay for your whole stay up front. If you don't care about the size of your room and don't mind the short commute into central London, but want someplace inexpensive, clean, and safe, I highly recommend this establishment. Perfect for single travelers (I was a young woman traveling alone). I would absolutely go back.	
Aug 21 2006 	Charming but with some drawbacks	We booked this hotel based upon the positive reviews here on TripAdvisor and the fact that most London area hotels are much more expensive. Overall, we feel the pros outweighed the cons, though not for everyone in our group.There were 8 of us staying in 3 rooms. My husband and I had a small double room, with an in-room bath (no tub, just a small shower that never lost its supply of hot water!). Our bed was VERY comfortable. No complaints there. Our room faced the very busy street along the Shepherd's Bush park area, so we had to choose between a stuffy room with no a/c or fan and extremely loud street noise. A fan would have made a huge difference.Our daughters and their friend shared a triple room, but the maid pulled out a trundle bed and the 4 were accomodated very well. The beds in this room were also very comfortable. Noise didn't seem to be much of an issue for them, as they didn't face the street.My mother and brother shared a room with two beds. It was a larger room with an in-room bath (no tub, but a shower, toilet, sink). They were also facing the street, so the same noise dilemma that we faced. But the real problem for them was the poor quality of the mattresses on the two beds in their room. Very, very bad and it resulted in terrible nights' sleep. When they spoke to the owner/manager, he just said there were no other mattresses (though there were available rooms and he didn't arrange a switch). It really detracted from their stay and made it more difficult to enjoy the day's sightseeing, after such a bad sleep.This is a lot like a bed and breakfast, just with 16 rooms. Not in the best area of town, though the subway is close by. The employees were extremely friendly, extremely helpful. And the hotel was exceptionally clean. So for us, the pros outweighed the cons, though I think my mother might not agree because of the mattress problem.	
Jun 9 2006	best value- hospitaliy-safety	We have just returned from London. Our travel in London was fabulous. The hotel was cool, in a beautiful place, in front of it was a park. Good neighborhood, not very far away from the center of London. The tranportation was terrific and we could take any transport we liked in front of the hotel. The room was quiet and we felt safe their. The room was very clean everyday there was someone there to clean the room and the toilet although it wasn't very big was very clean with hot water everytime. The shower was very clean and the door was sealed.There was no fridge, or air contition but we have no problem with that because the weather although it was 28th of May it was like our January. Too cold for us!!!Mr. Roger the manager, I suppose, was very gentle and very helpful. It was always there for us. We had great time with him. The breakfast, wasn't very big but you could have a simple and healthy breakfast, corn flakes- milk, bread and butter/marmelade, tea, fruits.There isn't any lift but only stairs. We could not expect something different because the building is too old and charming, and I think that when it was built there were no lifts. There are only 3 floors. Near the hotel about 2 minutes away, In Goldhawk Road, there is a pretty polish restaurant, very clean and cheap. It is called Patio Restaurant. Don't forget to go. We taste many different cousines in London. We didn't like the British food was very heavy for us. We went to an amazing restaurant called Gaucho [--] 25 Swallow Street, near Piccadilly underground. It has an argentining cousine, not cheap. We ate many different plates, and desserts, and 2 glass of wine and the account for 2 persons was 100 pounds.Don;t forget to be well-dressed there.Have a good time!!!!	
May 6 2006	Fantastic Hotel	We had a wonderful stay (2 nights) at Her Majesty Hotel. The room with bathroom was lovely, clean and comfortable. Breakfast was ok (cereals, tea/coffee, toast, croissant, jam, chess, juice, butter). Grazyna welcomed us on arrival and we were shown our rooms, she was an excellent host.Room was cleaned every day. Very , very clean hotel. Close to the tube. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Apr 11 2006 	a good value but nothing special	The hotel itself is nothing special, although it is VERY clean and a good value for London. The manager/host is a charming gentlemen and really made the visit that much better. Feels more like you are in someone's home than a hotel. The area is kind of funky and quirky, but safe. Great transport connections throughout London with two undergrouond stops within 400 meters of the hotel.	
Feb 9 2006 	Great little B	I've spent a few days at Her Majesty Hotel and found it to be a great B&amp;B. It has friendly staff and for me most importantly is that the room with bathroom was very clean and I had no problems staying there, not like some other places I've been unfortunate enough to end up in... After that breakfast was ok for me, I just need coffee :) I think one of the other reviews on here is in error as there is no cooked breakfast, however there's enough cereals, fruit, toast etc... there to keep you going.I only needed access to west london so it was ideal, however there are 2 tube/metro lines and I managed to get to Oxford Street in central London in 15mins once. It's located in quite a busy area but there's a nice little park in front of the hotel which adds to the atmosphere of the area. One thing that was good for me was that there are a number of shops nearby open 24hrs, so you can get pretty much what you may need when you want.All in all it was cheap and ideal for me.	
Dec 14 2005	A Wonderful Weekend In London	Well what can I say? Fantastic Hotel with just the nicest of staff. Breaky was yummy; eggs (done to a tee), bacon, the works:-) Spot on for a day of sight seeing. Well Recomended!	
Dec 14 2005	what a gem	i love this hotel. the room was a good size, very quiet as we had one of the top back rooms. i would imagine the rooms facing sheperds room green would be quite noisy. very close to the underground, cinema and shopping facilities.breakfast was tea/coffee and toast with cereal. no cooked breakfast but it was not an issue with me.	
Apr 10 2005	very friendly!	used the hotel on recommendation from a friend. Basic business class accomodation but very well priced for a one night stay. Close to the subway,so i made it to my meeting in central london in 15 mins.	
Apr 10 2005	Great little hotel good value personal service	Great service from the owner &amp; very flexible . We really enjoyed our tourist stay.	
Apr 6 2005	great souvenirs	it was very fantastic. the manager of the hotel is very smart, gentle, and when you don't know what to visit you can ask him, he knows everything. the hotel is really close to the center of London, 20 minutes by the metro. lots of shops, restaurants arounds, so if you're hungry you have the choice. great 10 days that i will not forget!	
Nov 14 2009 	Consigliabilissimo!		
Nov 4 2009 	Sceglilo se ti vuoi sentire a casa!		
Oct 27 2009 	Gerne weider - sehr sauber		
Sep 3 2009 	Qualità prezzo e cortesia		
Aug 5 2009 	Bellissimo soggiorno!!!		
Aug 3 2009 	Her Majesty Hotel: pulizia e cortesia a prezzi molto modici		
Jun 8 2009 	cosy		
May 22 2009 	super hotel		
Apr 9 2009 	buona collocazione buona pulizia		
Mar 13 2009 	Una estadía muy agradable		
Feb 9 2009 	VEe lo consiglio !!!!		
Jan 5 2009 	Ottimo Hotel!!!!		
Jul 25 2008 	Rapporto qualità-prezzo ottimo		
Jan 16 2008 	Buen Hotel		
Jan 15 2008 	Soggiorno incantevole all'Her Majesty		
Oct 5 2007 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
May 28 2007 	Confortevole pulito buona posizione!		
Apr 30 2007 	Inmejorable Her Majesty Hotel		
