Nov 15 2009 	The Lanesborough is even more than they claim	Seriously, the Lanesborough is worth every penny (pence?) and then some. From arrival to departure, I have never enjoyed staying in a hotel more. The doormen were lovely, so personable! the front office staff, the guys in library bar, everyone warm and truly give the word hospitaltiy meaning. My 21 year old daughter stayed with me, and I have dragged her all over the world with me -- the Lanesborough is now her favorit (probably because she called our butler Tony at 3 am and he got her pickles and chocolates). Our room was fabulous, very clean and well stocked. the only negative (why must there always be something?) the flat screen in the armoire was so small it could not be seen from the bed -- and so far away from the bed the remote control wouldn't work very well. The room service was spectacular, from the superb coffee in the morning to the smoked salmon salad. One night when we were homesick Tony rustled us up some quesadillas. If you can find a better location, book it. We got right off the underground and were there -- stroll down to Harrod's, tea over at Buckingham Palace (well not exactly but we could have!) Oh, also I discovered I left my power cord to my computer at home, and had a presenation the next day. Of course Tony turned up with one! Pay it -- book it -- it's worth it. Love Lanesborough. Love Tony our butler, you are so funny!	
Oct 18 2009 	A Tradition of Excellence	This was our second visit to the Lanesborough and look forward to returning. Not only are the accommodations comfortably elegant but the entire staff make you feel as if their sole purpose in life is to provide for your every need. Apsleys restaurant was the best we enjoyed in London during the week we stayed. The staff in the Library Bar could not have been more welcoming and attentive. Luxuriously wonderful! We'll be back.	
Oct 2 2009 	Disappointed in Afternoon Tea	My Son and Daughter, paid for me and 2 friends, to have afternoon tea on 26th September, for my birhday. We where all looking forward to our weekend in London, especially our visit to the Lanesborough. Our arrival was fine. Decor very nice. Our reservation was 4.30. We enjoyed our strawberrys. Sandwiches and pastries arrived. We had not started on our pastries, when about 5.30/5.45pm we where told they would have to serve our scones, and tea cakes. AS they had to clear up for dinner. The waiter said you can go in the bar, which we did. nobody showed us to the bar, or carried our champagne in for us.Being RUSHED really spoilt our experience of the Lanesborough.	
Sep 18 2009 	All good but if you like classy don't go to the Library Bar...	... unless you don't mind staff with a lack of respect and proffessionalism, rude and loud. Poor service. The location only doesn't justify the high prices unless it comes with an impecable service. It's more like a countryside tavern than an stylish hotel.The Hotel itself is fantastic, promt and friendly service everywhere but Library. Beautiful rooms and full of nice tasteless details.The Spa room. oh well, they were using a faulty massage table on clients... what can I say?....	
Sep 6 2009 	The Best	I have to say that this is without doubt the best hotel in London, or any city that I have stayed in, as far as I am concerned. You pay for what you get and the Lanesborough is not cheap, but the service is exceptional and the staff are in a class of their own.Nothing is too much trouble, the rooms are extremely luxurious, the location is superb, the food lovely but it is the people that make it unique. On a number of occasions my wife has needed a few bits and pieces and off they go in a taxi without a second thought and without being asked - now that is service.We have also stayed with our youngest children, and they loved it too.My only concern about this hotel is that it is too close to all the top shops and my wife enjoys it too much!	
Aug 30 2009 	Afternoon Tea at the Lanesborough: Our top tip for a day in London	The ultimate treat! Greeted by impeccably dressed doormen, waited on by extremely attentive yet unobtrusive waiters and soothed by the gently tinkling of romantic but cheeky improvised live piano music. The conservatory tearoom is bright and refreshingly decorated with a clever blend of traditional and ultra-contemporary, reflected in everything from the furnishings to the wall art. A wide selection of teas are well described on the menu, including some very rare ones (at £2 extra) of which only a few kilograms are made each year! The cakes and pastries were little miniature works of art: the attention to detail made it almost a crime to eat them....but absolutely delicious as well.Overall, Tea at the Lanesborough is our top tip for anyone who asks what they should do when visiting London. Take a good couple of hours: sip tea and eat slowly (you get a lot of food: sandwiches, cakes, pastries, teacakes and scones with cream, jam and lemon curd!) and see how the other half live for the afternoon.We also used the bar and the library room which were pleasant rooms where we enjoyed a cocktail and complimentary olives/nuts/nibbles which were only slightly spoiled by some arrogant guests who didn't know how to behave in such an elogant setting.	
Aug 23 2009 	Lovely	The Lanesborough was recommended to us for an overnight stay in London and it did not disappoint. Great location to start with and first impressions of the reception etc, were very good. We were briefly shown round and then to our room by a very attentive chap. The staff in general were all a credit to the place. Our room was lovely and very spacious. The bathroom was a nice size too and the bath was very luxurious. One gripe here however- there were lots of pretty wrapped bars of soap dotted about the place, but why no showergel? It seems odd.Afternoon Tea was lovely as expected. The one thing I would change is to stop the staff constantly topping up your cup of tea. I understand they want to be attentive but it's not as simple as topping up a water glass with more water. You have a cup of tea, get the amount of milk and sugar right, drink half of it and then someone pours in more tea , diluting the drink you have, thus requiring you to add more milk, sugar, etc. Why not let people enjoy one cup of tea at a time?The Library bar is definitly worth visiting. I had a very agreeable nightcap in there. The bar staff were all very friendly and worked the room well. Serving drinks efficiently but chatting to customers at the same time. Breakfast the next morning was also excellent and rounded off a great weekend. It was marred only slightly by the sight of what appeared to be a dead bird caught in the netting above the glass roof and flapping merrily in the breeze. I wonder if anyone else has noticed it and whether it has been removed yet? All in all, a lovely experience and one we are sure to repeat. I would definitely recommend The Lanesbourgh.	
Jul 18 2009 	Sublime sumptuous	This is the finest establishment in the world. This hotel oozes character, it reminds me of my old Knightsbridge apartment. I now spend my time between Paris and Bora Bora. I can assure you that there are very few hotels that deliver such a high level of comfort. The manager here is a genius. His care for customers is reflected in the attention to creating a unique response to every review on this website. My butler was perfect.I have long believed that the quality of a hotel is also dependent upon the quality of the guests, indeed there were no unsavoury types staying in this gem of a hotel. I prefer this by far to the 'Hotel Crillon' in Paris.I will be returning soon for another slice of home. Many thanks to the great men and women who made my holiday so thoroughly unique.	
Jun 19 2009 	Awesome	The Lanesborough is probably the nicest hotel in which I have stayed in quite some time. I travel extensively and stay in very deluxe properties and this one is tops. My husband and I, along with another couple had the pleasure of staying here for just one night before we boarded a SilverSea cruise. The service was impeccable. Our room was not quite ready when we arrived and they seated us in the bar and treated us to tea. When the room was ready our Butler escorted us to it and explained the many amenities, (pop up flat panel TVs, pressing service, personal business cards) very impressive. A computer was provided at no cost for our personal use during our stay. No trying to figure out how to get online! A chilled bottle of champagne was waiting for us also. The bed was to die for...and the linens were sumptous. (I am a big linens snob!) If you are going to be in London you must stay here...it is fabulous!	
May 28 2009 	A hotel with character and great service	I stay at a lot of hotels, and I have been lucky enough to stay in some very lovely places - Mandarin Oriental, Peninsula, Four Seasons, Ritz lines, as well as tons of Starwood/St Regis properties all over the world. I am a pretty seasoned traveller who stays 80-100+ nights a yr in hotels. I really enjoyed my stay at the Lanesborough - it has a old world charm and personal level of service that is hard to find these days. It isn't slick or trendy or new, but it has a history and solid presence that makes your stay feel unique - a hotel with character - something that seems quite different in today's world of blank and sterile modern luxury.The hotel itself is a fun mix of old world decor and antique furnishings, and some modern technology. For instance, I stayed in sort of a garret type of room, with a giant old fashioned bathtub, but the bedside table had an electronic control panel with lighting, climate control, etc. Similar to those you might find in Peninsula hotels. I have to say that I thought my room was a bit small and the desk somewhat impractical for really working, but it had charm overall - a luxurious author in the garret sort of room. I was a bit disappointed not to be upgraded as a Platinum member, but frankly, I didn't mind all that much as I am not high maintenance and it depends on availability. It was fun to live in a fairytale attic and they had very nice little plants outside my window to make my view pretty. Bed was extremely comfortable and I had a deep bathtub that I could float in. The butler service I must admit I don't really use all that much. I have had butlers at a few different properties and I can't think of much for them to do for me. But it is a fun concept. I also watched a free in room movie and ate a bunch of the candy and fruit from the bowls placed in my room. London has such good candy, especially the chocolate. I really enjoyed the bar - had the best Bloody Mary (or perhaps 2) of my life there (made with whiskey, I think) and a delightful meal of fish and chips after a hard day at work. Interesting bar scene and people watching. The location can't be beat - right on the park. Around the corner from Harvey Nichols and shopping.Such great service! The staff are charming and friendly and instantly knew my name and greeted me personally at the door and desks. They are very gracious and not at all snobby - they went out of their way to make me feel comfortable and accomodate my requests. I thought the individual residence cards and personal stationery they gave me on arrival were very cute. Perhaps not as useful in the modern era, but again a great sign of the character of this hotel - each guest is treated as an individual, as a special person in a smaller, more intimate setting. It is a nice feeling.	
May 20 2009 	Absolute Perfection	The Lanesborough is the perfect London hotel, with a prime location (easy acess to Knightsbridge, Mayfair and a short walk to St. James) The atmostphere is lovely, very small and classically British. We first learned about the Lanesborough after walking past it on a previous visit on our way back from Harrods. We then booked a table for afternoon tea in the Conservatory (now Apselys) which had been awarded the best tea in London by the Tea Guild that year. It was magical! Our next visit, we decided to stay there. We did not realize until we went on the website that it is in fact a St. Regis hotel, which we visit frequently in New York. Being a St. Regis, perfection is what you get and nothing less, however you also pay for perfection! We have stayed here twice, both equally as lovely. Our first stay, a beautiful limo picked us up from Heathrow and took us directly to the hotel, upon check-in we were given a lovely tour of the lobby, restaurant and bar area which we were familiar with but it didn't matter because we had arrived. We were taken up to our Buckingham Suite which offered magnificant views of Green Park and the Constitutional Arch. The butler service was again perfection! Our butler provided us with personalized stationary, laptop computers with internet access as promised! He was also extremely helpful in securing hard-to-get theatre tickets to the newly opened Mary Poppins. We only ate breakfast and afternoon tea in the Conservatory but enjoyed them both immensly and would have stayed for dinner/dancing if we had more time. The Library Bar is extremely enjoyable and distinctly British with a knowledgeable bartender and an extensive selection of drinks. The Lanesborough has a fantastic location and while it may seem noisy upon entering because it is on a busy corner, it is perfectly quiet on the inside (lobby and room). I would return to the Lanesborough at the next oppurtunity because of it's attention to detail and professionalism.	
May 18 2009 	An amazing stay!	My wife and I have just celebrated our first wedding anniversary, staying overnight at The Lanesborough. We chose this hotel above the other famous Mayfair hotels because it looked the nicest on the website and also had a really good weekend deal which included breakfast and Champagne on arrival in the package price.Having never stayed at a hotel of this calibre before we were a bit apprehensive when we arrived, however we need not have been. The staff were so welcoming and friendly. The hotel itself is absolutely amazing! We were informed on check in that we had been upgraded to a park view room! After a brief tour of the hotel we were shown up to our room on the third floor.Our room was really luxurious with an amazing view over Hyde Park and Park Lane. We also had a complimentary bottle of Tattinger Champagne waiting for us and an anniversary card from the hotel! Our personal butler came up a few minutes later to make sure we were happy and all settled in, aswell as to show us how all the in room technology worked. The bathroom was also really luxurious with a walk in shower, deep spa bath and more amazing views of the park!We also had afternoon tea at the hotel which was really really good, even better than tea at the Ritz!After returning from the theatre in the evening we ordered a lovely platter of sandwiches and tea from the extensive room service menu which again was really nice.In the morning Breakfast was just as amazing as the other dining experiences at the hotel, probably the best cooked breakfast I`ve had!In summary this is an amazing hotel - brilliant service, welcoming and friendly staff, really luxurious rooms and great views of the park. We were so glad we treated ourselves to a stay here as it was worth every penny. We`ll definitely be staying here again!	
Feb 28 2009 	Relaxed ambiance for afternoon tea	The Lanesborough really does offer a wonderful afternoon tea for those who appreciate understated service, exquisite food and tasteful surroundings. With the pianist playing gently in the background, it really is a place you could spend hours and not realise how long you have been there. You are transported to a different level.An experience best enjoyed with a maximum 3 people as it is that kind of place. I went with a friend and we enjoyed the whole things and it was not rushed like some hotels - we could easily have spent 5 hours there and no-one would have made us feel we needed to vacate the table.Since my previous visit, The Conservatory has been re-decorated and furnished in muted beiges - all very tasteful, creating a perfect backdrop. The formality of the dining tables sinply adds to this special sense of occasion. We enjoyd the Belgravia Tea with rose champagne. Will certainly be back again! Highly recommended for a special treat.	
Jan 8 2009 	Fab Hotel!	Stayed for one night on a quick trip from Paris to see the Rothko exhibit at the Tate Modern. Had never stayed at the Lanesborough before and was a bit apprehensive that it would be too stuffy what with the personal butler and all. Need not have worried - everything was just wonderful. We walked in wearing jeans and carrying backpacks (it was a one night trip) and were greeted warmly and professionally by everyone. At check-in I was given personalized business cards with my name and the phone and fax numbers for my room. Stationary in my room was also personalized with hotel's address and my name &quot;in residence&quot;. Lovely fruit basket, chocolates and champagne. Free calls to Paris and the States, and free internet. They have e-mail postcards which were fun to send and friends and family loved getting them from us. Lovely dining room and wonderful breakfast. Late checkout. I would definately stay there again.	
Dec 22 2008 	Beyond our expectations	We were willing to try the Lanesborough, but at the same time we feared that decoration would be too heavy &amp; stuffy for us. In fact it was a very good surprise.You feel like in an 'english club', the lobby is nothing like what you are used to. There are very few people, everything is quiet, not the usual noisy crowd. You are received like a real guest at a friend's house. Service is very polite &amp; extremely professional.Location is just perfect: the hotel is just above 'Hyde Park Corner&quot; underground station. Harrod's is 10-minute away by walking.The room itself is spacious (we were staying in an 'executive junior suite'), with up-tp-date equipments (flat screen TV, DVD player, efficient and easy to use lighting &amp; air-con system). Internet wifi access is free of charge (you can use your own laptop or internet through TV with a wireless keyboard provided). Bathroom is equiped with a bathtub and separate shower.Only negative point: security staff was everywhere on our floor. I do not know if someone special was staying at the hotel or if it is always like that.	
Nov 23 2008 	Polished Luxury	The Lanesborough is now a firm favorite and it is very difficult to find a hotel as good as this in London, perhaps the only place that comes close is the Mandarin Oriental. I'm very lucky and was treated to a lovely weekend here for the third time this year. On arrival we were upgraded to a glorious 4 room suite with 270 degree views. Try and get one of those suites with windows on three sides. We have very precise requirements and everything was catered for. Check in staff, elegant and well trained as ever. The recently renovated restaurant was sublime with attentive and amusing waiters and maitre'd. The Bar does one of the best bloody Mary's in London. Great butler service, which includes pressing of clothes on arrival... one just needs this kind of service. I will not fault this place it is so right on so many levels. Smoking: I smoke and this hotel caters for smokers without a blink of an eye (like every other hotel used to for the last 300 years until last year). So you can have a smoking suite, its lovely and perfect and they don't come up with some daft policy/legal excuse.	
Oct 31 2008 	perfect time	This was one of more splendid trips thanks to the choice of this hotel.The wonderful atmosphere - the service very very nice, without the exaggerated intrusiveness.In the hotel the calm reigns and the wonderful climate giving the feeling of the relaxation.Rooms warmly organized, comfortable, very well sound-proofed.Here every Yours need becomes quickly and professionally settled.I recommend - being there once you dream about as most quicker return.	
Oct 6 2008 	Best Hotel In London	This is the best hotel I have ever been in London. Most of the hotels I been never liked giving anything for free, but the Lanesborough Hotel gives a lot of free things. I booked online on www.lanesborough.com and I was amazed by the complimentary services they were giving. I had 24hour butler service. It was strange for me as I never had someone unpacking my stuff and doing things for me but I got use to it at the end. My butler was very sweet and helped me organize everything I need. I was able to call my mom back home every night as all phone calls to the US was free. Other than that free internet, unlimited movies, 5 pieces of fruits everyday and two bottles of water. It was a really good deal. I had dinner in Apsleys and it was a beautiful Italian food. The restaurant manager was very charming. The second day I had afternoon tea as the Lanesborough was awarded best afternoon tea in London. The tea sommelier picked out a lovely tea for me and the tea cakes, scorns they where made in heaven. This was my first time stay but trust me I will be going back soon again.	
May 4 2008	A classic	This is a hotel that does well what it is supposed to do well ... proper old fashioned english style. The truth is that it gets a bit heavy and tiring after a while and you start wondering if it is worth spending soooo much to experience this. The afternnon tea is great though escedially in the conservatory area. Location is excellent too!	
Apr 6 2008 	The Lanesborough has pros and cons but afternoon tea is excellent	After a lovely stroll in the daffodil strewn, tree lined park, you cross the street to the five star, Lanesborough Hotel, now a St. Regis property.There are lovely wooden moldings and carpets throughout, and the expected enormous fresh flower arrangements in large vases.It has a sort of combined shabby and simultaneously traditional, modernized upscale feel, with lamps and chandeliers.Sofas and chairs in the main area appear to need to be reupholstered, and tables are chipped around the top edges.The Deluxe Double room is positively grim small and gloomy, although quite clean and neat. I asked to be shown an upgrade, something differerent.The Grosvenor Suite is on the third floor. It is a lovely, spacious room with an open floor plan and a charming seating area.The king-sized bed has a traditional bedspread covering it, rather than a modern duvet. The elaborate bed hangings are both romantic and elegant. Windows overlook the park.The marble bathroom is nicely laid out, with a separate shower and tub, fluffy towels and robes, and generously sized bath amenities.(Be sure to ask for Suite 316 when booking your reservation, because the suite next door's windows are blocked by large planting arrangements from the facade of the hotel)Quite frankly, the hotel is overpriced, even for London, where extraordinarily expensive is the norm.I would not recommend staying here, unless you have money to burn and simply want a posh address.However, Afternoon Tea at the newly renovated Apsleys, with its famous arched glass conservatory ceiling, is delightful.Aspleys (formerly The Belgravia) was the recipient of the Award of Excellence for the UK Tea Council in 2006 and 2007, and I have the feeling they just might make Top Tea in 2008.There are two built-in floor-to-ceiling wine cellars with glass walls by the entry. Geometric moldings of gray, off-white and cream adorn the ceiling. Modern crystal drop chandeliers are surrounded by pleats in a metal frame.Aspleys is a rectangular, softly modern room, approximately 67' x 24', that can seat up to 120 people.It is done in beige and browns with hints of maroon. A piano player plays softly. There are comfortable groupings of tufted beige velvet sofas, and armchairs.We are seated at a lovely, large table to the left. Heavy formal menus are brought round. Tea without champagne is 35 pounds, while with either Tattinger or Kir Royale, tea is 40 pounds.White Rosenthal 'Jade' china plates have a gold rim. There are 3 rosebuds in a glass vase, either orange or dark red, depending upon your table.I choose jasmine pearl tea. It arrives hot, but will cool down before the second cup can be poured.Delicate triple silver and crystal sugar holders have brown, white and saccharine to choose from, with tiny silver spoons.There is an amuse bouche of vavrosie (vanilla custard with rhubarb chutney.)Clotted cream, lemon curd and strawberry jam are brought to the table in the same cunning triple silver and crystal holders with tiny silver spoons.There is an assortment of lovely crustless sandwiches. The traditional smoked salmon, cucumber, egg, etc. We demolish them in short order, and then go to work on the small cakes, happily cutting each in half so as to share. They are delicious.Then plain and raisin scones are brought. Freshly baked and quite light, they are addictive and quite filling.The atmosphere is pleasant, the service is good, and the food is tasty.I would definitely recommend Apsleys as an excellent place for a genuinely elegant, traditional Afternoon Tea.	
Oct 27 2007 	The classy Lanesborough	The Lanesborough (a St. Regis hotel) is designed to resemble a stately British home. A 95 room hotel, it has a conservatory (with a sun-lit glass roof) as its restaurant and a library as its bar and a compact but nice lobby. Brilliantly located. Across from Hyde Park, at the end of Park Lane, a stone’s throw from Piccadilly, and a short, pleasant walk to Harrod’s.The room is small, but elegant. Nice bathrooms too. However, the room has a very small television for a luxury hotel and, inexplicably, lacks a refrigerator. Toiletries display no brand on the container. Likewise, alcohol is placed in the mini-bar in small sealed decanters with no brand names on it (a small tag informs you what brand the decanter contains). Very classy!Impressed with the small touches – the free movies (including what other hotels would consider Pay per View); the free internet in the room – wired, WiFi and on the TV; no charge for the bottled water or for tea or coffee served in-room by the butler; no charge for any overseas calls within Europe or to the U.S.! The hotel does not treat every little bit of hospitality as a revenue stream. Having paid for the room, you are now truly a ‘guest’. Nice touch, although the amounts involved are insignificant and are probably built into the room rate.Also nice touches are: Personalized stationery and calling cards for local use in a leather case, the bottle of champagne placed in your room before check-in.All butlers deliver impeccable and quick service, but walk into your room with their own key several times a day, knocking almost after having entered the room! The restaurant is beautifully appointed and has a lovely ambience. Breakfast was excellent, served quickly and efficiently and was very well presented. A friendlier staff would help: they are too formal to even smile. Not sure the service would be half as attentive if the restaurant was full. Not more than three or four tables were taken when I was there.The Library (the bar) also has a very classy ambience and top grade service. Smiles are not in short supply and orders are filled quickly and well.Personalized concierge services, delivered with a smile. No request is small enough to be ignored. Baggage storage services are also efficiently handled.Doormen are very attentive. Requests made were diligently and carefully followed. No effort was spared, even after I had checked out and baggage was being held for me.Beautiful hotel overall. Excellent service at most levels barring one or two small incidents. Definitely amongst London’s most distinguished hotels. Lives up to the St. Regis flag.	
Jul 3 2007 	Charming and Perfect Location	Even though the price is high, I would definitely return to the Lanesborough. The rooms are so well appointed, you don't feel like you're staying in a hotel. The extra amenities the hotel provides are truly wonderful. Such as the personalised business cards they print for you during your stay, the butler service with complimentary pressing, the in-room music library and the fact that you can watch an on-demand movie for no extra charge. These extras are great and the feeling that you don't have to look over your shoulder to make sure someone is charging you for a tablespoon of salt is what I would most recommend.The conservatory restaurant is delightful and the food is well-cooked and flavoured. The location could not be beat. I will definitely return.	
May 31 2007	loved the lanesborough but some concerns!	I recently stayed at the Lanesborough for 4 nights for a short trip to London and Paris.Upon arrival our room was not quite ready but we were early so no problem. When we returned several hours later we were taken to our room but I was a bit surprised as our luggage had not been taken up yet! As the website advertises that our personal butler actually unpacks our clothes I was a bit disappointed to see that nothing had been done. However then I met Samuel, out butler and was forgiving as he was such the part.Our room was exceptional! Beautiful, high tech, detailed and truly a luxurious treat. Our view was a scaffold wall but that is London for you. We stayed in a deluxe room which was large for London standards. If you want the best of a room this would be it! Linens, towels, lotions, etc...Where I was disappointed was that I did not receive complimentary coffee with wake up calls and was asked for 20 pounds to go to the pharmacy when I husband needed an over the counter drug for his upset stomach. I was surprised they were going to charge me for the staff to go to the pharmacy to pick something up.The Library bar is intimate, charming and serves some delicious food.All is all I loved our stay and would recommend this hotel if you can afford the prices!!	
May 24 2007 	Excellent service but you pay for it!	We stayed at The Lanesborough for two nights as we were getting married in London on the Saturday.At £440 per night for a standard double, you are definitely paying for what you get, but what you get is very good.The rooms could perhaps do with a bit more &quot;wow factor&quot;, and I personally prefer more modern decor, but if the dark wood traditional furniture is your thing then you will love it.We had champagne, fruit and chocolates left in the room for our arrival (although all the ice had melted by the time we arrived - a minor short-fall in service and promptly re-iced when we asked our &quot;butler&quot;).The service provided by the butler is excellent - he found us headphones for the TV so my partner could watch TV while I had an early night and he left a cute note for my husband when he returned his shoes, polished, on the other side of the door.The conservatory is very pretty - if a little fussy for my tastes. We only ate breakfast there, which was very good, but not outstanding (best breakfast is Le Manioir, in case you're interested).The bar service is excellent and the seating areas comfy, although I do wish these hotels would have more seating areas reserved for guests so that there is always plenty of space.Would we go back? Maybe - we've been twice now and I think it's time to find a more modern place for our tastes. Although it's lovely, I can't help thinking there must be better value elsewhere....	
Apr 26 2007 	Small room great service	The standard room, like my ex, was very small, albeit perfectly formed. Have to admit was very dissapointed with room, to the extent that I considered calling up a friend to crash in his spare rather than face a night in it. In the end I thought of the £400+ I'd be burning and opted to stay.Stuff I liked: free wifi although variable signal in public area meant using in room was only viable option. Friendly, approachable staff who escort you to where you want to go rather than point.Valet parking and apparently free overnight parking (unless they forgot to charge).Free movie channels in room, with good selection.Quiet AC, with responsive controls (thankfully as windows don't open - not in my room in any case).Not so keen:Wanted snack, not full meal, but bar menu is limited and geared to US carb bomb tastes, so skipped it completely. Eating in the room would have been too claustrophobic!Room rates are pretty high, more than I payed to stay at Berkeley or Dorchester in past, although the Lanesborough doesn't nickle and dime to the same extent.	
Mar 20 2007 	Simply Incredible!!	Have just come back from another outstanding stay in the Lanesborough. This is a proper 5* hotel. Rooms are impeccable, food is to die for, service is faultless and the location is second to none.We stayed in the hotel for dinner on Saturday night &amp; enjoyed some old-world dinner &amp; dancing. The meal was absolutely amazing (and I don't say that lightly) and between courses we danced to old classics, it was really romantic. The only gripe I would have is that they're renovating the conservatory! I really wish they wouldn't as it’s a beautiful location for breakfast/afternoon tea &amp; lit up at night it becomes truly magical.I would have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending this hotel.	
Jan 8 2007 	Sorry Lanesborough	We slept at the Lanesborough for three nights and paid about £ 1200. It was absolutely not worth the money. I guess the service is excellent, but we didn't use it, so a cheaper hotel would be better for us. The room was okey, but not stunning (as we expected from a 5-star hotel). The breakfast was terrible and very disappointing. We also ordered hot chocolate from the menu, but the kitchen couldn't make whipped cream! And this is a 5-star hotel? We also asked for norwegian newspaper, but all we got was a copy of yesterdays news. The conclusion is: If you need excellent service, well, consider the Lanesborough, but if you don't, choose a 4-star spa-hotell, and you would get so much for for your money.	
Nov 23 2006	Ok so I like to unpack my own bag but I do love truffles and scones!	We spent two nights at the Lanesborough in June 2006. It is one of the few hotels I've been to where the room (though beautifully appointed) is not what I remember best. Instead, when I think about the Lanesborough, it is the staff's attention to detail that comes to mind. The room had an independent bedroom and sitting room, separated by a dressing room and a bathroom. Though large enough, I found the rooms a little stuffy and overly decorated (wood-encasing), and I was disappointed to see it had no view(though it had plenty of light). Some aspects of the room simply weren't functional. As an example, the leather couch in the living room proved too small and dreadfully uncomfortable when we tried to watch a movie in the evening. Basically, although I have no complaints about the room itself and I know many people would find it beautiful, it does not rank up there with beautiful rooms in other 5-star hotels I've stayed in. So why is it that I would stay at the Lanesborough again? Definitely for the service and attention to detail. I don't like to use the word &quot;butler&quot; to describe the service at the Lanesborough because I think it's simply a marketing hype. Basically, the butler changes at the hotel shifts change, so when you call the &quot;butler&quot; you're really addressing a glorified version of room service &amp; concierge. They do, however, remember your name and try to personalize the service.I don't like the idea of somebody else unpacking my suitcase for me, so I took care of my own packing and unpacking. But still, the &quot;butlers&quot; on call really came up with ideas to make our weekend perfect:- He welcomed us with truffles and champagne upon our arrival, as well as a platter of fresh fruit which was replaced as soon as we ate some. - When we needed to plug in our European computer, he found a converter for us. - He made sure we always had sparkling water and ice in the room.- He took the order for breakfast every evening (which was then delivered to our room promptly and served beautifully) and even made suggestions for things to try. The scones were the BEST ever, served while they were still warm, and I think I would go back just for the scones and clotted cream! One thing that I really appreciated is that we arrived early, around 12:30pm, but they had our room ready for us. All in all, even though I'm not a big fan of the wood-encased look, I would definitely be back.	
Aug 28 2006	Superb	We spent two nights at the Lanesborough before we returned to the US. After spending two weeks in a dorm at Cambridge University, we thought we had died and gone to heaven. The suite was beautiful. Fresh flowers, fruit, champagne, and toiletries were all top of the line. Best of all was the wonderful bed. The mattress and pillows were heavenly.Breakfast in the Conservatory was great. Service and food were excellent. The staff of the hotel were exceedingly well trained and accommodating. The location of the hotel is within walking distance to Buckingham Palace, Hyde Park, and Harrod's. We highly recommend the Lanesborough.C&amp;C	
Jul 11 2006	The conservatory is excellent	After reading the review of the TALF Lanesborough tea I had to visit the Lanesborough for tea. It exceeded my high expectations. The conservatory was beautiful, my table exquisitely layed out, the staff very attentive (filling up my water and tea and asking if I wanted for of anything). The sandwiches were excellent, cakes yummy (I especially liked the raspberry macaroons) and scones 'just the right size' (I remembered theartgirl's comment in Brighton). I enjoyed my tea experience so much (surpassing my Fortnum and Mason tea by a mile) that I went back for breakfast a week later. I had granola and a breakfast tea - which were both just as good.There are soooo many places to go for tea, but I highly highly recommend the Lanesborough. You will not regret it!	
Jun 18 2006	A luxurious shelter From the London rains	Spent three nights in London (January 2006) en route to vacation in the Indian Ocean and Africa. Stayed one night at the Mandarin Oriental, then two nights at the Lanesborough. Enjoyed them both. After checking in to the Lanesborough, I was escorted to my room where my butler was waiting outside the door. A very comfortably furnished room. Butler was very friendly and helpful. Due to a mixup and subway strike (long story) I had arrived at the hotel without my luggage which was still at the Mandarin Oriental. The Lanesborough sent their car and driver over to fetch it for me. Tea at the Lanesborough was a highlight of my trip. I had tried going to the Ritz, unaware of their jacket-and-tie dress code. Went back to the Lanesborough and found that the beautiful Conservatory was nearly empty except for the fellow playing piano music. So I spent a happy hour there sipping the house blend and eating salmon sandwiches, scones and tea cakes. The Lanesborough management has obviously put a lot of thought into making the place feel less like a hotel and more like a grand, elegant Edwardian home. Example: in the bathroom, there are no little plastic bottles of bubble bath. The bath gel is in a large glass decanter for you to pour in to your bath water as you see fit.Despite all the wonderful old-fashioned amenities, the technology is state-of-the-art. I don't travel with a laptop, so it was nice to be able to check email from my room: the television also functions as an Internet browser. You can also watch movies at no extra charge. The butler was good at explaining how the system worked. I was expecting cold wet weather in January, and that's what I got. So it was worth the money to have a beautiful, comfortable cocoon of a hotel to relax and spend time in. I am posting some photos for you to see.	
Jun 12 2006	The Best	Having just returned from the lanesborough, I have to say that this is an absolutely amazing hotel. Me and the two children arrived a few hours before check in, but our room was not ready and told it would be about another hour. They offered us complimentary drinks in the bar in the meantime. Whilst waiting I went to reception to ask if we could have a peek at one of the bigger rooms. My request took only moments and after getting the children, straight up to the first floor into the Aspley suite (£950 a night for those wondering). This room was amazing, a corridor led to a living area with a study desk and what looked like another writing desk. That is until the receptionist showing us the room pressed a button on the coffee table and a lcd tv appearing from the desk, which was a nice surprise (might explain the cost).But back to the bar, and after another half hour wait our room (406), was ready. We were shown to our room by another receptionist and as we entered, our butler was busy unpacking all our clothes. Just a few details for the receptionist and off she was. Our room was quite impressive, a large living area followed by a twin bedroom, and a very large bathroom. The room included two lcd televisions, from which you can access movies, music, the internet and a wide range of channels, all of which are complimentary. The Butler, was fantastic, from pouring me tea on arrival, as well as champagne for me and my friend who came to watch the match. Whilst I was downstairs checking out the fitness studio, the children had decided to call the butler ro run their bath for them, bring more sweets and chocolates, and to try and find a movie for them, all of which he did with a smile.Everything is controlled by a hidden bedside panel, meaning if you don't fancy that walk across to your room to turn off the lights, or to use the phone to call your butler, then you just roll over, pull the cabinet open and use the touch screen panel. Not much reason to get out of bed really. The fax machine is also cleaverly hidden in the desk, where our personlised stationary was kept (including business cards for the children!!).Like other reviewers have said this is more like a small, if somewhat over the top hotel, but you do feel pampered. It is well worth the money, and also worth trying to get breakfast included in the rate, which is amazing. 5/5	
Jun 9 2006	Old style opulence	The Lanesborough is not for those with minimalist tendancies. It is splendid and opulent with silk wallpaper, floral drapes and the atmosphere of a by-gone age where service was of a totally different order. Luckily this all comes eqipped with the latest technology and mod cons.Breakfast in the Conservatory is a very refined and enjoyable experience. It was absolutely delicious and enormous and all the china and silver were beautiful.The flowers are beyond gorgeous and I loved the talc!	
Apr 2 2006 	Excellent!!	At last a London Hotel with staff that take a pride in their performance. After years of smart, expensive Hotels let down by indifferent staff its nice to find a Hotel you would like to return to. Nice room and an excellent atmospheric bar to spot the famous people. Try the Bombay Sapphire and tonic - superb	
Mar 26 2006	Fantastic!	Stayed here for several nights (including New Years Eve). Hotel and the service was fabulous. The butler obtained a tuxedo for me at the last minute and didn't even have to ask my size. At breakfast the waitress remembered my wife and my preferences when we sat down on the second morning of our stay (down to my wife's dislike for English blood sausage). All in all it is the small things like this which make the Lanesborough stand out. The technology in the rooms is also quite impressive--everything is controlled from a touchscreen pad carefully hidden in the bedside table. We attended the New Year's Eve party at the hotel which was terrific. I was skeptical about the 'butler' service before staying at the hotel. I was presently surprised. The butler was NOT a porter in a tuxedo (what I had been expecting). He was knowledgable about the city, the hotel and very helpful in making our stay as pleasant as possible (unpacking our bags, chilling champagne, obtaining additional fresh fruit [a plate is replinished daily in the room]). This is truly a great hotel and well worth the money.	
Jan 30 2006 	Amazing	I am not usually a fan of hotels in the uk and it is very hard to find a good one. However the Lanesborough was faultless. The conceirge managed to get us 10 tickets to see Billy Elliot at very short notice (5 rows from the front) and also booked us in to Gordon Ramsays which was apparently full! The rooms aren't huge but are 10/10.	
Jan 27 2006	Top Notch!	My wife and I stayed here in the beginning of January and found the experience truly divine. Make use of their Butler (free) service if you go, they give impeccable service with a happy face. Our clothes were folded and placed back in drawers in our absence, we were offered tea whenever we were spotted and we had a good old chat while he chose some music and opened the Champagne.The ambience of the hotel is quite &quot;royal&quot; with a twist of greek god. The food is amazing with a huge vegetarian option.I found out about this hotel through a friend of a friend. They are very discreet and attract discreet clients. No &quot;new&quot; money here. Go, if you can afford it!	
Oct 8 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Could not be better - fabulous decor, unbelievable service, great location.	
Jul 29 2005	Nice but .....	The Lanesborough is a beautiful hotel - great location - great concierge service (got me an impossible ticket for a show!) - the rooms tend to be a little dark -loved the restaurant and the service was quite good. However, the butler service is slow and really not efficient - the front desk made a mistake on my bill - but they did change me into a much better room when the heating unit was not working properly. My big disappointment was not being able to sit in the lovely lobby in the evenings - the cigarette and cigar smoke were unbearable! Don't think I'll stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005	Delightful!	My partner and I stayed at The Lanesborough on 10th June. We absolutely loved it! We had been to the hotel last year for drinks only and it was the service and surroundings that encouraged to book a nights stay. Our arrival (early) was dealt with efficiently and our room was ready. I had requested a room at the front of the hotel at time of booking and my request was honoured. The room that we had was stunning. It was spacious and tastefully decorated. The little touches were a winner, business cards and headed paper with my name printed on, a good selection of toiletries and a bottle of champagne on ice. Our butler was attentive without being intrusive and the laundry that I gave to him for pressing was returned quickly and pressed far better than I have ever managed! Should you have spare time and are in need refreshments, head to The Library Bar. A wonderful area which you will not want to leave! The drinks are expensive but you are paying for the service and surroundings.We had stayed the previous night at The Ritz. Whilst it too was a lovely hotel, our next break will be spent solely at The Lanesborough. We eagerly look forward to returning.	
May 15 2005	Top 10 in the world	My wife and I have had the lucky opportunity to stay at some of the best 5* hotels in London, Sydney, Singapore and Bangkok after a recent trip. I think it is safe to say that the Lanesborough is by far the best.The others 5* hotels were all excellent, and could hardly be faulted. But the Lanesborough is in a league of it's own. And on top of that, you will genuinely find the staff more helpful, more friendly and more down to earth that other supposedly posh hotels. This hotel is where 'the real money' in London stays...people staying there are generaly very wealthy but are not the type to show off.I encourage anyone to spend a few nights here...all hotels you stay in afterwards will never compare for service.	
May 9 2005	Return trip can't happy soon enough	Like all passengers arriving from the US, I was tired, but the Lanesborough sent a car with a cheerful driver to scoop me up from Heathrow chaos and then gently deliver me to the Lanesborough. Upon entering the front door, a lovely fire roared to warm me by the door. Check in was just a moment and then off to the room. The room was luxurious, it had a dressing room with closet just as you walked into the door, then a bedroom, a hallway to the bathroom with a desk area for work. The fax was cleverly hidden in the desk. And then the bathroom which was adorned in all that mahogany wood. It was like a mini apartment in London. The butler helped with the unpacking, made sure we had water, that our flowers were to our satisfaction and then most importantly found out we love chocolate. So every night we had chocolate truffles set out for us. The staff also keeps fresh fruit and mints in the room for you to enjoy.In the night stand is a little nifty device which controls the room. A LCD screen with a computer that controls room temp, lights, night lights, alarm, calls the maid, rings the butler. Press the screen and the appropriate person promptly arrives at your door. Breakfast is in the conservatory was very pleasant. Its a room which is light bright and wonderful, especially if live music is playing gently in the background. In the evening, we enjoyed a glass of wine in the living room/bar area. Comfy sofas are set up around a fire place, again always burning, where one can enjoy the fabulous cognac selection and the &quot;chocolate&quot; decadence dessert.There is only one problem with the Lanesborough, checking out. None of us wanted to leave for the next portion of our trip. A great place to be pampered and to enjoy the finer things in life.	
Apr 28 2005 	Incomparable	I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip at the beginning of 2003. The room was paid for by my company, and I would not normally have sprung for such an expensive hotel. However, it was truly a remarkable experience. When I arrived at my room I was greeted by the floor's butler, who unpacked my bags and gave me a tour of the room and the electronic systems. The room was beautiful. The staff were very courteous and treated me like royalty. The breakfast was incredible, the mini bar was exquisite, and the hotel bar was very cool and stylish.Caveat: This is not a hotel that has made it to the 21st century. The water pressure and temperature in the shower were dreadful. The hotel staff had trouble sending and receiving faxes, and delivered an urgent fax for me to the wrong room. And the computerized entertainment center kept freezing up and I had to unplug the unit and restart it several times. However, since most people who stay here probably won't deal with those issues (other than the plumbing) I will still give it 5 stars.	
Feb 8 2005	Amazing Experience	For years I have heard about the Lanesborough. I have seen it on Travel Channel shows, read about it in magazines in reference to it being one of worlds best hotels. Two weeks ago, my boyfriend and I had to honor of experiencing it for ourselves. I was met at the airport by Brenden, who has been with the Lanesborough for many years. He is very knowledgable and we had a wonderful conversation on the way to the hotel. Upon arrival, we were whisked into the grand lobby, which was stunning. Within a few minutes, we were taken to room 222, which offered a nice park view. The decor in the room was magnificent. Large bed, entrance hall, large paintings and antique furnishings. In the bathroom, was a jacuzzi style tub with green toile fabric curtains for a bit of privacy. There was complimentary waters and chocolates. Their state of the art entertainment center has music, sattelite television, internet and tons of movies, and unlike other hotels, it is all FREE! We ordered room service that night from the extensive menu. It was wheeled in on a table and set up, Everything had silver domes over it. The food, no surpirse, was excellant. The following morning we had breakfast in their courtyard room, which was lovely enough to rival the Ritz, where I have had tea many times. The best part of this experience was the friendly and inviting staff who went above and beyond to make my stay special. I had driven myself crazy trying to get a single ticket to the recently acclaimed and now sold old Mary Poppins. I tried all the ticket sites, contacted brokers I knew in London, to no avail. My concierge, Colin, was able to score me a second row seat! I have stayed in many 5 Start hotels, and the Lanesborough simple can not be topped and I am so glad I finally had the opportunity to experience it for myself! 	
Feb 1 2005 	Top-Notch World Class Hotel and Service - But watch for the fire alarm...	Just completed my first stay at The Lanesborough for five nights, and for my money, it was one of the best hotel stays in recent memory.The Lanesborough is situated just a couple of blocks down from Harrods and near Buckingham Palace, and sits *directly* on top of the Hyde Park Corner tube stop, which makes this a very easy hotel to get in and out of (if you do not opt for a driver during your stay). Hotel has small but very elegant entrance and lobby (a couple of Maybachs where parked outside during my entire stay, to give you the level of their guests), a very cozy and very British bar 'The Library&quot; which is populated during the day with very well dressed business people and at night with a mix of business people, well-heeled men and women and some locals both meeting and looking to hookup with this fab, slightly reserved crowd.Although the small junior suite (approx 550-700 sq ft) I stayed in here will run upwards of $700 a night at the current exchange rates, you get *allot* for your money... 24/7 personalized butler service (with a smile), free morning and evening tea/coffee room service on fine china and silver from your butler, free candies, free fruit bowl replenished daily, free newspapers (up to 3 a day) very rapid pants/shirt/tie pressings and shoe shines, free high speed internet access, free run of their entire library of first run movies (over 50, including some B rated adult movies, and they use the awesome new NEOS media PC entertainment system, which is offer now in a few other high end hotels), free internet radio, (2) 2 line phones with a neat wireless phone that is hooked in to your *own* personal phone and fax numbers (which they also print out for you on very nice hotel business cards personalized with your name and room number at your arrival - a classy touch), and this wireless unit can also double as your cell phone during your stay, with a quick call to the front desk! Room also came with a free Mercedes Benz lift (one way) to the airport or rail station of your choice in London. Once you add up all these extras (to get an idea, internet access can run $40-50/day at some places, tea/coffee service $15-$25/day, $15-20 per movie, $100 for a limo to the airport), the rate I paid was not all that bad, and the nice thing about this was there were absolutely NO surprises with my bill at checkout (unlike most hi-end euro hotels) Bedroom area was a tad small, but the bed was fabulous, with very comfortable down pillows and comforter.. Bathroom very nice, with both an enclosed shower and a traditional soaking tub with a built-in Jacuzzi.... However, the loo was a bit small, even for a average-build guy like myself. Also came with twin sinks and a bidet. Nice fluffy bathrobes, towels and just about everything you need, with the exception of high-end toiletries, which was the only shocker in the entire room. Small couch and two chairs in the swank sitting room, nice desk, etc... My ice bucket was always full and fresh during my entire stay - a very nice and convenient touch by your personal butler. Nightly turndown service, and room had very swank &quot;blackout&quot; curtains for those days you get back at 5am from the bars and need your beauty rest.. Room was serviced on my schedule, not theirs, and anytime I requested it... (but they had a uncanny ability to sense when I did need it... and politely called to inquire about it) The inside of the hotel and my hotel room itself seems to be completely *encased* in dark woods and wainscoting, which greatly adds to the to the warm, cozy, charming and sophisticated British feel of this joint.The warm fireplaces in the lobby and bars also added to the ambiance that I was staying in a rather small, exclusive hotel with a very well-off, well-mannered and well-dressed clientele. Unlike most hi-end British hotels, the service was excellent, with no snobbery detected, and no request was too much for them to deliver on. Had to make a an important business restaurant reservation 2 hours beforehand in the city's top French place on a Thursday night, which is usually sold out a few days in advance, and they booked me within 20 mins. This is certainly *not* the place for you if you intend to wear jeans or casual clothes most of the time - I had a pair with me, and on Saturday I wanted to wear them while checking out various museums, but though if I did, it would entirely blow my illusion of being a really filthy-rich, deal-making Yankee hanging in London for a week.... :)Did not get a chance to check out their standard rooms, but bet you at the lower price, and with all the added goodies, just about any business traveler with a decent expense account could justify staying a few days here...Advise: *HIGHLY RECOMMENDED* for the business traveler and leisure traveler looking for a upscale, intimate, service-oriented top-end, old-line British hotel experience in London.ps: Although this was not the hotel's fault, a fire alarm came on one night by accident and kept coming on every 30 mins for *over 3 hours* in the wee hours of the morning... It was the hotel's fault however that a proper written or verbal apology was never offered... This cost me almost an entire business day, as I got home late from drinks the night before and did not get up until 3pm due to sleep disruption.. When I told the front desk that this was totally unacceptable, they offered 50% off that night's stay; I let them know that removing anything less than the entire night stay would not make me feel very good about my stay -and after a few minutes of discussion with their manager, they took the entire nights changes off my bill, with a smile no less... hence the glowing and entirely accurate review you find here.	
Jan 8 2005	Fantastic!	My husband and I spent a week over New Years in London and loved the Lanesborough. We were originally staying at anothere luxury hotel in Mayfair, but we found the staff to be quite snobbish. After having tea at the Lanesborough, where the staff was very warm and welcoming, we decided to move out of the other hotel and into the Lanesborough. We attended their fantastic New Year's Gala, and we had a wondrful time! Every detail was thought of.The food is wonderful, and the staff is amazing. We will only stay at the Lanesborough. The butler service is excellent. The room was beautiful, large with a seperate sitting area. We viewed the Wellington Arch. If excellent service is what you desire; stay at the Lanesborough.	
Jan 7 2005	London's best hotel - probably...	I stayed in the Ritz last year but Lanesborough is much better in what it does best: personal service, complimentary champagne, fruit, coffee and biscuits in the room whose facilities are fully explained by the butler. Not for nothing has it become a byword for exquisite standards. I took an executive suite (one room with eating area) at a discount for Xmas. Despite its imposing Regency facade it is a rather small hotel without even a staircase. It lacks a proper lounge, of course no pool and not even a half decent gym. There is however parking unlike the Ritz. The luxurious furniture is in keeping with the English country house theme and the rooms are well-appointed with notable trimmings - although no Frette linens or bespoke bath products. Butlers arrive in minutes. The quality of Conservatory food is variable - good to excellent. Breakfast is great but they should really do a buffet rather than served. No hotel in London has it all - yet despite some omissions the Lanesborough is highly memorable and still beats the opposition.	
Jan 3 2005	Great stay at the Lanesborough	My 13-year old daughter and I stayed at the Lanesborough for six nights over New Year's on a holiday package that included airport transfer by limo, breakfast and welcoming champagne. The location is ideal, close to Harrods, parks and shops, with easy access to the tube, buses, theatre district and all the sights. Our king bedded room with sitting area (they set up a rollaway at no charge) had a view of the Eye and Big Ben's clock and was beautifully decorated with the amenities, including a marble bathroom with a huge soaking bath, great after all the walking we did. The conservatory restaurant is beautiful (although there seems to have been some water damage recently) the food good, if pricey, and the wait staff, perhaps because of holidays, either great or hopeless. You could order on or off the menu a whole meal or just a snack and on some nights there was a piano player or jazz combo. Although London was extremely busy and it gets dark early this time of year, we felt extremely safe and pampered by the staff and the two concierges who greeted us by name each time we went in or out and couldn't have been more helpful with restaurant, tourist and show recommendations and arrangements. The butler on our floor was also very friendly, explained all the room amenities, plugged in IPODs, etc, and brought us trays of tea, coffee or milk (again no charge), whenever we wanted. In our opinion, the Lanesborough is THE place to stay in London and we will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 28 2004	Great Stay	I have stayed at several hotels in London and to-date the Lanesborough is my favorite. Everything is perfect! The location is ideal, the building is beautiful, the service is impeccable, and the rooms are incredibly comofrtable. Its expensive but well worth it.One tiny caveat, while its a St Regis hotel, it does not participate in the Starwood program so you cannot amass Starwood points during your stay.	
Nov 23 2004	Mixed feelings	Very friendly and efficient welcome at the reception, followed by a lovely drink in the room. Led to the room by the &quot;butler&quot;, who was constantly interrupted by her mobile and was not very responsive. The rooms and the rest of the hotel look like an American version of an English manour (you love it or you hate it). Average breakfast (no buffet, limited choice) served by rude staff in the beautiful conservatory room. Some years ago, I had afternoon tea there and enjoyed it (although I preferred the experience at the Dorchester).Excellent vegetarian menu in the main restaurant. Smoky lounge and bar (I got an unpleasant reply when I asked for a no-smoking table in the lounge). Small but adequate fitness room (no natural light) and small spa.The location on Hyde Park Corner is convenient, but there are other good hotels nearby. Mixed feelings, especially about the service. Expensive, even for London.	
Oct 1 2004	Beautiful hotel/great location	There's no question that this is one of the best hotels in London and the prices certainly reflect it! The electronic controls in the room are very convenient and the bathroom is stocked beautifully. The furniture and layout make for an extremely comfortable room--keep in mind that it is a European hotel and not American and one shouldn't complain about room and bathroom sizes too much. The butlers are very harried, yet still polite and it's true that the bill should be scrutinized before checking out. There seems to be confusion at the &quot;front desk&quot; regularly. The restaurant serves delicious breakfast (the salmon eggs benedict=delicious!) and the waitstaff are excellent. Finally, the location is excellent for cabs and is located directly at Hyde Park Corner tube stop. Short walking distances to Buckingham Palace, Harrods and Harvey Nicks!	
Sep 13 2004	NOT Recommended	We stayed at Lanesborough for two days and had an afternoon tea in the dining room.The positives: - home like atmosphere inside the hotel- good size room and home like decorations in the room- welcome champaign and sweets every day- good selection of CD/DVDs- afternoon tea: good variety of sandwiches and sweetsThe negatives:- lack of personalized service (butler service is a joke: it responds late to calls, needs to be questioned (about what the hotel has to offer, etc.), it comes in when you don't need him, always need to remember to press &quot;do not disturb&quot;)- lack of attention to detail (we were billed for a breakfast that we did not have. Yes, it was promptly fixed when we pointed out. But this is my point, you need to watch over their shoulder)- lack of politeness: reception clerk was rude to answer our questions regarding what was included in the price of the room- lack of initiative: reception clerk indicated that I should go an find the bell boy to get the baggages from storage. Again, he got moving once I pointed out that this is his job, but I had to push back.- afternoon tea: lack of attention/service: the waiter was constantly looking at other guests and could not concentrate on the order. We needed to ask several times to get more tea and sweets.In conclusion, if you need a home-like atmosphere with personalized service go somewhere else. At this level my expectation are high and there are plenty of hotel at the same price range that are worth trying.	
Sep 13 2004	Old hotel with good service	I stayed at the Lanesborough in Aug. 2004 for 5 nights. Great location. Good amenities, although the bathroom was way too small. Also, the king size bed occupied 90% of the room. Not much room for anything. On a positive side, free PPV movies - I was able to catch up on all those comedies I missed earlier this year. All in all, if not for a small room and small bathroom, I'd have rated it excellent. Superexpensive, though.	
Jul 26 2004	Very Nice Hotel	We stayed here in June. The hotel was wonderful. The only complaint we had was that the rooms were to warm. We were there when the weather was in the 80's which is unusual for London appearently. The concierge is fantastic some of the best we've experienced.	
Jul 20 2004	Was this Value for Money?	I went recently with friends for tea as a special treat. The Conservatory itself is a pleasant place to comfortably sit for tea. The tea however was a rip off. We had the smallest amount of Strawberries which were sliced to make them go further, they were served on a plate and the cream was the tiniest dribble. As it is summer and strawberries are plentiful and cheap we had expected to have had a nice dishful with a good big helping of cream. We each had 5 small finger sandwiches, half a tea cake, a small scone and 3 small cakes. The service was poor and slow and we had to keep flagging someone down to ask for our teapots back. We definately will not be going back and are now looking for a nice London venue where we will be getting better value for money.	
Jul 19 2004	The best Hotel in the World!	I have never had so much attention. The decor is glorious, the staff are genuine. Everything happens, as if by magic. You get pamperred by your own Butler and they deliver with a smile. My husband was so impressed with all the electronic gadgets in our room, I struggled to get him to go to Harrods with me. This place made me feel as if I am a personal friend of the Queen, or a celebrity for that matter. The Lanesborough is by far the best hotel in the World. We will be back, and back again. Thank you St Regis, you make my London vacations a dream come true.	
Feb 22 2004	Faultless service		
Jan 13 2004	Disappointment at the Lanesborough		
Dec 16 2003	simply wonderous		
Dec 16 2003	Average Afternoon tea		
Dec 3 2003	Disappointing afternoon tea		
Dec 1 2003	So Very Disappointed		
Sep 17 2003	Business Traveler Pampered		
Aug 23 2003	The Best Afternoon Tea!		
Feb 6 2003	All Time Favorite		
Jan 30 2003	Best Stay of My Life		
