Nov 20 2009 	Truly the worst hotel I've stayed in. Not one positive	This is not a revenge review. Trust me, dont stay here!Rang to reserve room on a Sunday night. Vacancies available. All good. Didnt clarify price on phone, but online it said £60 for the night (and this was a last minute deal, not an &quot;online only&quot; deal). Got lost trying to find the hotel, odd numbering system in Belgrave Road (where it is located). Rang reception for directions. Sent us the wrong way. (I did not misinterpret directions, I live in London so know the reference points). Arrived to be charged £80. Receptionist insisted he'd clarified this on phone. Amazingly, he actually started to raise his voice with a sour tone! I'm not a moany type of traveller, so just let it ride. Very slow check-in. Got to our room to find a keycard already in the door, later discovering it was the cleaners. Room was a poor man's &quot;victorian&quot; style. No pillow covers on 2 pillows. Mattress was awful. Could feel each spring prodding my back. TV old small thing, placed in corner, but with the bedknob in the way we had to do some feng-shui to see it. Shower was a tiny pod thing. Wouldnt decide on a temperature, hot then freezing, you know the drill. Incredibly noisy pipes too. So loud I was worried of waking other travellers! Shower curtain too short. Window curtains too small as well actually.. I see a theme here. Oh, there is one positive. Location. 10mins walk to Victoria station is handy. However, Belgrave Road is full of hotels taking advantage of this, and I cannot imagine any being worse than this £80/night excuse for a 3* hotel.Look at Club Quarters Hotel in Gracechurch Street.. They are at the other end of the scale and were only £20 more.	
Oct 21 2009 	Spartan room but cheap and clean and a good price.	Spent three nights there toward the end of September. It was clean and quiet and the staff was friendly and helpfull. Slept well every night. Breakfast is not so good. Next time I will not bother and just go out somewhere for breakfast. Great location. Easy walk to many London sights and tube stations. Easy to get to from Gatwick. I will be going back as soon as I can afford another UK holiday and will probably spend a week.	
Oct 19 2009 	GRAT HOTEL FOR PRICE AND LOCATION	Well,can't understand the bad reviews.We stayed 9 days.The room was clean and tidy.Room cleaned every day.All staff were friendly and helpfull.Location was great.Price was really reasonable-we got an advance internet rate of 60pounds per night which is hard to beat in london.Yes rooms are small but this is london .To all that complain about the rooms well try and getting any bigger.You can but at triple the price.Try Easy jet paddington and then you will have something to whinge about.Breakfast was good-all you need to start the day-choice of 3 cereals,canned fruit,juice,toast and coffee/tea.The breakfast room was small and sometimes there was a wait but it wasn't that bad.Bathroom was also small but was workable and not that bad.We have stayed at other london budget B&amp; B and this was the best so far-it seems to us that those who complain expect far too much from a budget B&amp;B in London and really can't have stayed at others otherwise they would have realised that this is in fact a reallyn good B&amp; B for the price and location.We would stay here againn and recommend this to anyone looking for a bargain.	
Oct 9 2009 	Good: location clean Bad: tiny no frills	We got a room at £80 to go to a gig at brixton academy. The location was round the corner from pimlico station and the room was clean.It was however, about the size of a ferry or train overnight room, and the bathroom/wetroom was so small you could pee and take a shower at the same time. Could be as we got the very top room, so it was an attic room.Good for one night where you have to stay over - a bit depressing if you took a holiday there! View was nice - could see milennium wheel.Breakfast ok , nothing facny, cearal and toast. Coffee was not coffee, but we got one elsehwhere after.	
Oct 9 2009 	Not the Best	This was my fourth trip to London and this was definitely not the best room I've had, even at the same price level. I'm used to small rooms, but the bathroom was akin to a Port-a-Potty. Some of the bathrooms in the photos on this site are nice compared to what I had. My bedroom window was held shut with a piece of rope; doesn't breed a feeling of security.I didn't bother with the breakfast room as it was in the basement, tiny, cramped with tables and chairs and frankly at 8am the last thing I wanted to do was squash myself at a table with people I don't know to fight over bad coffee and the same croissants you're going to get at every hotel of this calibre. Walk along Denbeigh / Wilton and go to Cafe Nero for great coffee and croissants if that's what you're looking for.The staff were very friendly and knowledgable about the area. They also knew early in the morning of any interruptions on the Tube which was very handy. There was someone at the front desk 24hrs a day which was nice.The location is great once you find your way from Victoria Station. I recommend walking along Wilton all the way to Belgrave. There are some great restaurants along there. One that I really liked was Gran Paradiso (Italian). Pimlico Station is also really close, maybe a bit closer than Victoria.The worst part about this hotel was having to listen to the other travellers who seem to feel the need to slam their doors and laugh and yell at the top of their lungs at all hours. Other than that the hotel was clean, in a good neighbourhood and the staff were great.	
Oct 6 2009 	It's not that bad!	I have to disagree with some of the reviews because this hotel was perfect for my sightseeing break. We had a top floor room and probably scored as I think we got a triple room for the price of a double. The breakfast room can get busy but has plenty cereal, toast and hot drinks. The hotel is close to Victoria Station, train/bus/tube. The area is very nice and was quiet in the evening. This is not a 5 star hotel but perfect for a sightseeing base!	
Oct 2 2009 	"Tired old hotel"	We booked to stay in this hotel for 4 nights and it wasn't very nice. The hotel is very much like a B &amp; B from 20 years ago, the decor is very tired and the layout of the building is very poor.Our double room was so small that I had to bend my head to avoid hitting off the TV when I wanted to get into bed! The bathroom was a converted closet, I've seen bigger on a small boat! Breakfast was served in a very dark , windowless and airless room in the basement, even the cheese was beginning to melt..... I didn't find the staff on the front desk very helpful because when I complained about the room she asked me what did I expect in the centre of London? Needless to say we only stayed one night and move to the Premier Inn for the rest of our stay, which was very nice.	
Sep 28 2009 	Horrible hotel - do not stay here.	Bathroom was converted cupboard with a shower basin and toilet. Staff are less than helpful and the claims of wi-fi access at £2 per hour are false (despite complaining of lack of wi-fi signal, staff refused to refund my money). When leaving the hotel for a short time, staff demanded your room key - apparently for fire purposes. Breakfast was poor - stale bread and cakes. Do not stay here if you can help it!	
Jul 20 2009 	Best bang for the buck	A lobby. elevator. coffee and tea in room. breakfast included, great location, for London a good sized room, all for $120.00. A bargain. Walk to Victoria Station or Pimlico tube stop in a couple of minutes. After viewing many hotel rooms in the area, this one stood out. Very friendly and helpful staff at the desk.	
Jul 18 2009	Ok but wouldn't go back	First of all, like almost everyone else has said, the location of this hotel is fantastic! Just a ten minute walk from Victoria station, and the theater's for Wicked and Billy Elliot.The room however, was tiny. I stayed in a twin with the beds arranged in a L shape, but the gap between them was very small and leaving even a pair of shoes lying about made the room look like a tip! The bathroom was small again, but had a bath and shower, which was surprisingly powerful.At first glance, the room and bathroom were clean, however I found that the toilet hadn't been flushed from the last guests(!) and my mum found some tissues under the bed. The staff were friendly but when you left you had to leave the room key at reception, which I wasn't particularly happy about. We were told this was for fire precautions. And speaking of fire precautions, the only fire exit we could find was at the bottom of a narrow flight of stairs. We were staying on the 3rd floor, and if anything happened while we were staying I don't see how we could have gotten out.	
Jul 15 2009 	Worth what we paid and would consider staying again. Great for a cheap sightseeing weekend.	I stayed at the Victoria Inn with my boyfriend the second weekend in July. The hotel is a five minute walk from Victoria Station - ideal for us getting to Gatwick and using the tube - and is situated in a lovely, quiet area called Pimlico. To put my review in perspective, we were in room 7. It was actually called the Victoria Suite. Think we were lucky here as we just booked a standard double and I have read some bad reviews about the other rooms. Ours was a great size and had a lovely big window (secure and not accessible from street) to let in a breeze on the warm london nights. I would find out if you could get this room if you are a couple or small family. I was apprehensive about staying here after reading a couple of questionable reviews and also just having ideas of grandeur way above my budget! I am very happy to report that this is a clean, quiet, traditional London hotel. Clean comfy beds and lovely cool rooms. Decor a bit dated and an odd bathroom built in (sort of a large cubicle) but we certainly didn't notice these bits when we came back after all day sightseeing and we had a great sleep both nights we stayed. The breakfast room was a bit rubbish, very small and limited selection and the staff were very weird about letting us take stuff back to our room even though there were no seats available. But, again, you get what you pay for. This was by far the best bargain I saw after scouring lots of hotel sites. £80 per night in central london. When it came to checking out, the staff were very helpful. They let us leave our luggage all day until our late flight and printed out our boarding passes for us.Would definitely recommend for couples weekend, probably not for a really special occassion such as an anniversary. (It was my birthday and the weekend was more about seeing a particular play). Give it a try. I did and certainly didn't regret it.	
Jul 15 2009 	great location average stay	close to tube, only 10 minutes walk. Ok for a short stay. Rooms a bit small but it was clean and affordable so can't complain.	
Jul 5 2009 	OK for short stay in London	Stayed at hotel in May for one night with friend. Paid £30 each for a twin room at the hotel. Good location on belgrave road, near Victoria and Pimlico tube station. Found a good cafe on the way back to Victoria Station on left hand side of Wilton Road I think. We had breakfast there as alot cheaper than the £9 the Victoria was charging. Room was ok, 2 twin beds in it, clean sheets, the bathroom was like a submarine, it was reasonably clean though. Only criticism was the thin walls, we heard next door putting on their kettle and we could hear every single word they spoke. Someone above us decided to bang the floor everytime we spoke when we got in from our concert. We werent even talking that loud, which annoyed us. However, as it was only one night, and it was £30, it was just somewhere to rest our weary heads, so it did the job.	
Jun 9 2009 	What you pay is what you get! Don't get it.	For the most part, I can only confirm what other reviewers have already said: the location is great (close to tube, train station) and safe to walk around at night. The reception and breakfast room were ok: simple but clean. The hotel building has a very complex structure. I guess at a certain time they included the next door building because to reach our room (510 I think) we had to cross different stairs, going up and down again and through hallways which also funtion as fire escapes. But since we paid less than 30 EUR per double room per night it was a good bargain!However, I wished I had paid more. I looked at the photos of other visiters and they do not reflect what we encountered at all (maybe they have started some well-deserved renovations in some rooms?)! We stayed in the hotel with a party of 6 (3 double rooms) and probably my room was the worst:The room is smallish (European) but ok if there wasn't a huge KITCHEN (with stove, fridge, microwave and all) blocking half the room. Moreover, the legs of the bed and the closet were crooked. The bathroom is tucked away in a plastic closet-like construction. We had to leave the tap on for 5 minutes before warmish water came out and a few times the water even stopped during a shower. The nasty thing was every time my friend flushed the toilet, the waste water seemed to be bubbling out of the kitchen sink (which was less than 50 cm away from the bed). I guess the larger, nicer bathrooms with blue tiles on the photos are the shared ones. Conclusion: since we only paid peanuts for our 5 day stay we don't have any reason to complain. The trip was great and we only stayed in the hotel for short periods of time at night. However, if you're a bit keen on clean and safe rooms and showers with running hot water you might better consider something else.	
Apr 16 2009 	Room very cosy and a wee bit small but we had a great stay!!!	We stayed in the Victoria Inn for three nights and although we were a bit disappointed with the size of our room when we checked in, we soon got used to the size of it and it wasn't actually that bad once we'd put our case away. The room was very clean and it was serviced on a daily basis. Staff were incredibly friendly and were always very polite to us. The hotel was in a great location - we were only about three minutes from a tube station (Pimlico) - about 10 minutes from Victoria. Would stay here again! Great power shower!	
Apr 7 2009 	Perfect for our needs	My friends and I (we are students) stayed here for 2 nights in the summer. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The triple room was satisfactory. It was comfortable enough and clean and the bathroom was clean. We chose this hotel because of the rate. We were on a tight budget and it was the first one we saw that fit our budget and looked decent. We weren;t disappointed! The location was fantastic, very near tube stations and a nice place to walk around. We spent most of our time in the city, but this hotel was perfect for us to come back to at night or to get ready. It wasn't particularly luxurious but the rate was very reasonable. We got what we paid for, and we were very happy.	
Mar 28 2009 	Average hotel in a good location	We chose this the Victoria Hotel mainly for the location. It's a couple of tube stops away from a number of theatres and we felt safe walking home late at night. As for the hotel I don't have any major complaints. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the food was edible and the staff were friendly. Yes the rooms aren't very big and the room where breakfast is served is quite small too but you get what you pay for, and considering the price the facilities were perfectly adequate.	
Feb 26 2009 	an average hotel with good price and great location	I chose the hotel from website offers taking into account location and price.It was as I expected it to be for this money.The people working there were nice wishing you a nice day every day.The rooms were clean and warm /it was February, so I was a bit afraid, but OK/. The bathroom was small but quite nice.Breakfast was OK and there was always a place to sit. Generally, I woudn't complain.	
Feb 24 2009 	Average experience in an average London hotel.	Exactly what I was expecting. Being London, you can't have the same expectations for your money as in a smaller town. The room wasn't impossibly small. It was what was to be expected for a below average cost hotel room. I had enough room to move around. My kettle and bathroom weren't overly clean and I used a hostel sleeping sheet to be on the safe side. The bathroom would have been a bit of an issue had I not been travelling by myself, and I refused to use the shower.Staff were friendly and helpful. Overall, an average experience. Slightly better than a hostel with ensuite. Would consider staying again, however, would use a hostel instead to save money.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great location not worth 3 stars	The exterior of the hotel and the reception are both lovely - taken straight from the hotel website.After you get through the first door however, things go downhill.We had a groundfloor double room and the bed practically filled the room - the TV on a wall bracket had a huge &quot;Mind Your Head!&quot; sticker on the side to make the point.The &quot;decor&quot; was dated and the bed linen looked old and over-washed.The tea and coffee facilities consisted of a couple of cups and saucers, two teabags, two sachets of sugar and coffee. After a difficult and very cold trip through London, we arrived after midnight and needed a hot drink. However, there was no milk, and when I asked the receptionist for some, in broken English he explained that he didn't know about milk and he only worked there one night a week.The bedroom was very cold on account of a large, draughty single-glazed window which overlooked a surpringly nice little courtyard with tables and chairs for milder weather.The bathroom/wet room was a joke. It looked like someone had taken the single-mold plastic cubicle from a decommissioned ferry and stuck it in the corner of an already tiny room. It was a grim green colour, the metal fixtures were scummy and when you sat on the toilet, it came away from the wall with a loud, metallic &quot;clunk&quot; and threatened to fall off completely. Having worked in hospitality for a number of years, I can say with some confidence that this is not a 3* hotel. I have stayed in nicer 2* hotels with nicer staff, cooked breakfasts and well-kept rooms.While I don't doubt that the bedrooms you see in their website pictures do exist, I certainly didn't see any indication of such quality while I was there.Having said all that, the location is fantastic and after long days of travel and sight-seeing, the hotel does do a good line in comfotable beds. And when you're too tired to keep your eyes open, you don't tend to care so much about peeling paint and misspelt signs!There are better hotels to spend your money on in London, and if you can get anywhere near a tube station, proximity to the city centre is a moot point.	
Feb 7 2009 	Never again	The room was far too small (not more than 1m around a bed). Cold air flow through window (it was January). Very small built-in ferry like WC/ bathroom. The breakfast room too small, not enough tables for accomodated quests and with poor ventilation. I'd never had so poor breakfast in any hotel before. I am wondering how it is possible to get 3 stars for this so called „hotel”, I would say that it it is simply a place for sleeping. Looks like the photos in their web site was improved in Photoshop. Good location- close to Victoria station, quiet street. Cheap, but I warmly suggest to pay a little bit more money and get something better.	
Jan 28 2009 	Average experience	We stayed here for a NYE. This hotel is rated as a 3 star and I would agree but the rooms are nothing special. The staff were all pleasant, but the desk clerk did not remember our last name throughout our 6 night stay. The hotel is well maintained. The location is good for downtown London, and close to main city attractions.	
Jan 4 2009 	Disgusting Hotel	Please give serious thought to booking a room at this hotel. Even if it is your only option think twice and then twice more. The only decent thing about this hotel is its location but that did not make up for the tiny, dirty room with stained bedding and dirty bathroom, which still had someones pubic hairs in the basin!The room was sold as a 'triple' but was smaller that every 'single' room I have ever stayed in. The breakfast amounted to a choice of toast, tinned fruit cocktail or a couple of cereals. The coffee was the strangest I had tasted.How this hotel can boast AA *** is beyond my comprehension. The person who awarded this grade to the hotel must have been blind I think.As stated in my title to this review...This hotel is disgusting.	
Dec 11 2008 	No no no if it-s not your only choice	This hotel is really poor. The location is ok, near Victoria Station and Pimlico Station. The street is nice and safe also at late night.I even saw a wild fox in a garden nearby.But the hotel is extremely poor. This was the only hotel available in the area, so we booked, but...... ouch! I WOULD HAVE RUN AWAY THE SAME MOMENT I ENTERED MY ROOM, IF POSSIBLE. But everything in the area was fully booked.The lobby is just fine, would need a renovation. But for sure is the best spot of the hotel.I started trembling when i first saw the key to the room, that was RIDICOLOUS, a piece of grey plastic with the room number written on it with a black marker.... i tried hard not to laugh in desperation. They showed us the way to our triple room, and the room was incredibly small! The bathroom was very small and poor. No free soaps or whatelse....The carpet of the room was old and little dirty, the wardrobe was just fine but i didn-t even try to put my clothes into it and the curtains and the bedspread were quite dirty, even if my mom said they were clean but old stained... don-t know....  I am always worried about bedbugs and looking at that room i was even more worried because it was so cheap, but luckily there wasn-t....I complained immediately to the reception saying that i was disappointed. Their web site was all but what i found once there, but they couldn-t help except showing me another room, that was on the low ground floor, and was cold and a little bit smelly. We preferred staying in the original one.The breakfast the day after was ridicolous, 4 slices of bread and some marmelades.... No bisquits, no chocolate, no yoghurt or fruit, and the drinks were also poor, and the worst... no space where to sit, as the room was incredibly small, and the hotel fully booked. The following mornings we went to have breakfast at Starbucks nearby.Finally i want to say that even if the staff was very friendly and available, the hotel was horrible. The worst i-ve ever stayed in my whole life.It would need a complete renovation and a change of management, because the location is nice and could be a great small hotel. But probably they just don-t care. They get the money anyway.... I must say that also all the other hotels nearby except Sidney Hotel, Corona Hotel, BW Victoria, Easyhotel seemed very poor, so probably Victoria Inn was just average.... but still!!!We payed 280 pounds for 3 pax for 3 nights. Not so much for London, you would say, but i can tell you that it was far too much for what the hotel deserves.I hope this review to be read by the hotel management... COME ON!! SPEND SOME MONEY TO MAKE THAT A PLACE THAT CAN BE CALLED HOTEL!!!!! This is my honest opinion. I-m always a small budget traveller and really adjustable person, but really.... i-ve never found a so poor hotel!!I-ve got no picture to attach.... but guys, trust me!!!	
Dec 9 2008 	What a Kip	This place is a dive. Steer well clear! The room I stayed in was a wardrobe. They advertise wifi access in the rooms but this is not available. Instead you have to pay £1 or £2 for 30min!! The room was dirty. A stag party couldn't have made it look any worse! The breakfast is awful - cereal with warm milk, rubbery croissants from s cheap supermarket and a squashed up dining area. Fair enough it is pretty close to victoria station and you can get around London very easily from there. However, for the price, the room where you expect to relax after a long day was worse than solitary confinement! Do yourself a favour - spend a little extra or stay a little further out of central London and book somwhere decent. Never again would I stay in this kip.	
Nov 19 2008 	Poor example.	Been staying in London for many years and this Hotel is symptomatic of the gradual detereoration in the standards that you could expect..even 5 years ago! Overpriced with ignorant staff!! And to cap it all they wanted me to pay for a replacement plastic key that broke..even though it had been probably been used a thousand times..... by the same number of people. When I refused they later took it out of my account anyway!! Illegal and disgraceful!!!!	
Nov 14 2008	Not Impressed	Reception staff I found to be pleasant enough.The room was clean and reasonably sized. The bathroom was a plastic pre-formed unit, that was beginning to show its age.My main beef with this hotel was the Continental (with a small 'c')Breakfast and the Breakfast room in particular. The room was TOTALLY inadequate for the number of guests staying there. Chairs and tables were crammed in and by 08.15 hours there was a queue to get in there - a totally rediculous situation. If you were unlucky enough to sit with your back to the bar/counter, then you had people pushing past you all the time - dreadful.I only had one brief encounter with the catering staff and that was when we got into trouble for arriving at 07.55 hrs the first morning of our stay. The lady did not seem to be the happiest person in London !!!I would not wish to stay there again.	
Nov 10 2008 	Never Again	I booked this Hotel for my husbands birthday and also brought along our son and his girlfriend. On arrival we were checked in but it took the receptionist 10 minutes to find our room as it had no number on the door and he was new to the job!! While our room (the best in the hotel we were told) was spacious enough, the bathroom was tiny ,our sons room was no more than a dog box with barely room to walk around the bed. Breakfast each morning was a nightmare.The dining area did not have enough seating,therefore we had to queue for about 10 minutes to sit down. But that was not the worst, at exactly 09.15am the catering staff closed the dining room door, locked up the tea/coffee machine, cleared away bread, milk etc.and by 09.25 were verbally abusing the guests, shouting at us to get out, breakfast is finished at 9.15. We were shocked to say the least and most guests left their unfinished breakfast behind. Then a cleaner came in with a hoover and proceeded to clean up. I was the only one of my family who dared to go down for breakfast for the next two mornings.The hotel is in a central location and reasonably priced but the rudeness of the catering staff totally cancelled out any asset.The experience ruined what should have been a Birthday celebration weekend.	
Jul 10 2008 	Okay stay with good location	After a long flight, this hotel is great because it is close to the Victoria Train Station. In fact this hotel is in a good location that is close to a lot of things to do, and it has a tube stop near by to get to everything else. Our group walked everywhere though. So I would be ready to walk no matter where you stay or be ready to use a lot of public transportation. As for the hotel, our room was actually large with 4 beds. The bathroom was a typical closet transformed into a water closet. The staff was friendly, but there was one guy who showed up at our room after we checked in to give a &quot;tour&quot; of our room. In reality, he was just looking for a tip. The room was clean and about what you expect from a good Europian hotel without spending tons of money.	
Jul 4 2008 	Better than expected.	From some of the reviews I had read I was a little afraid but I was pleasantly suprised. Room was small but that was expected for London. Good security, though no luggage storage after checkout other than in the lobby. Good breakfast. Clean - they cleaned the room every day. Walking distance to Victoria Station or bus right across the street. Would reccomend.	
Jun 28 2008 	good location	For a budget hotel this was fine.The price of the room was great for london ,and it was very good position for where my work had to be done it saved us from the trip into the city which would have taken me an hour and a half to arrive at my work. The rooms were clean and tidy with clean bedding and the hotel staff were very pleasent,would reccommended this hotel is great for the money!!!	
Jun 14 2008 	basic and simple	We booked two hotel rooms 3 bed room and a 2 bed room. the 3 bedded room was very nice the bathroom was fine and the space was ok too. Also t.v. in room. The other room was strange. The ceiling was very high and the bathroom was horrid. It was like a cupboard which was changed into a bathroom. You had to step up into it and you could have a shower whilst on the toilet. Also we thought the breakfast times was a bit early and the dining area was tiny. The youth hostel nearby was fine. No trouble at all. Apart from that i would recommend it.	
Jun 9 2008 	Value for money in a pretty good location.	The hotel is basic but clean and tidy. The staff are really friendly and helpful. The rooms are small but not too cramped. Brreakfast is a basic continental, however, the breakfast room is far too small - we took our food outside on the patio and it was very relaxing and a good way to start the day.In summary, you get what you pay for in this world and if its cheap and cheerful then this is for you - if its luxury your after, then look elsewhere - I'd go back!!	
Apr 18 2008	Good location good value friendly	We stayed one night -- April 15. Clean, efficient setting and rooms -- friendly and helpful staff. Our room was typical by London standards (read: cozy), on the 4th floor, facing Belgrave Street, comfortable and quiet. Use Pimlico tube station if you're pulling or carrying luggage -- Victoria is much farther. Good selection of reasonably priced restaurants nearby, mostly Indian and Pub. We would definitely stay at the Victoria Inn again. Above average for location, hotel category and room price. Victoria web site offers special pricing.	
Mar 28 2008	Victoria Inn on Belgrave Rd- okay for a quick trip.	A friend and I stayed at the Victoria Inn while we were visiting London Fashion Weekend in Feb. The hotel was in a pretty good location - we got the train straight from Heathrow airport to Victoria station (get the southern train, NOT the heathrow express, it costs twice as much!) and hotel was only a 10min walk max from station. Located in a very nice area, street was lovely and pretty quiet at night. Hotel was a bit of a disapointment if you are expecting any luxury! Run by what i think must have been a polish family- Room was very small, but this is to be expected of any hotel in the area. It seemed clean enough and we didn't get bothered with any noise at all. I had read a couple of other reviews that said the hotel was really hot &amp; windows didnt open - however we had a fine temp in the room and window worked just fine! the little lift was very handy for getting luggage up and down.Bathroom was what can only be described as a pod- bit grimy round the edges but otherwise fine. Breakfast was a big let-down - although we were a bit hungover when we showed up for it! Give it a miss if your a bit paranoid! The breakfast room was a tiny windowless 1970's basement cupboard that smelled of old burnt toast. Stick to hot chocolate and a chewy croissant...!Didnt use the tube at nearby Pimlico as was really expensive. Got the bus straight to leicester Sq from bus stop across the road from hotel- really handy 24hr service &amp; cheap too!Wouldn't go back as realised easyhotel was on the same street and looked a lot nicer - same price.	
Feb 2 2008 	Nice place would recommend	My friend and I stayed three nights at this B&amp;B. It is nicely situated near Victoria Station (Underground and National Rail) and Pimlico (Underground). It's closest to Pimlico. The neighborhood is nice, with many hotels and a couple of pubs, restaurants and grocery stores. When you walk in there is a nicely decorated lobby. There is internet in the lobby for a fee (go to the internet cafe across the street from Victoria Station-it is cheaper). There is even a lift. We checked in early so our room was not ready but the receptionist let us leave our bags in the lobby as others had done. When we got in our double en suite room it was nice. There were two twin beds, a nightstand, desk, TV and wardrobe. The french doors opened onto a private balcony overlooking Belgrave Rd. The bathroom was a decent size (my friend said it was like being in an RV). The only problem I had with the bathroom was the shower had half a door, so when you were in there a lot of water got on the floor. Not sure why they don't throw half a curtain on there. Breakfast is simple. A selection of cereals, breads, fruit, juice, coffee. An employee crabbed at us when we tried to take a cup of coffee up to the room. They do ask to keep your key when you leave. Not sure why. The receptionists all appeared to be French so they were friendly, but not helpful with sightseeing tips. There is a youth hotel next door but we did not have any problems with noise. I did notice the day we left that the telephone in our room did not work. And it would be nice if they had a more secure bag storage area, but overall this hotel was very nice, reasonably priced, location was great, and I would stay here again.	
Jan 28 2008 	My Stay At The Victoria Inn.	I checked into the Victoria Inn,London for a one night stay on Saturday 26th January.Everything at check-in went well with no problems and i was soon into my room which was on the first floor.The room was very small,however as i was on my own it was big enough for me.The bathroom was like a little box room as you had to up 1 step to get inside.Shower very small though.{There is more room in a telephone kiosk}.This is the second hotel i have checked into within the past 5 months which had this style of bathroom,like a little box.I find them unacceptable but for staying in a cheap hotel this is what you get.The tea/coffee making facilities are ok,but only as long as you don't mind using powdered milk.I do mind.I found it unusual to be asked to hand over my key card at reception when i was going out for the evening,maybe the clerk thought i was'nt coming back again!The breakfast period only lasts for 1 hour between 8/9am,so it was no surprise that the small breakfast room,located in the basement,became very crowded after just 20 minutes.It was self-service with juice,cereals,and brown/white bread,with a toaster provided.There was a hot drinks machine available which supplied chocolate drink and coffee,but no tea.There did'nt seem to be any cooked breakast available,but as i never eat a cooked breakfast this did'nt matter to me.I did'nt see any ventilation in the room and it quickly beame very stuffy with so many people seated.I'm glad i went for breakfast at 8am exactly because within a very short time there was a queue at the self-service counter,which was very small.On leaving the room there were 2 people standing outside in the hallway waiting for a table.I would recommend that the breakfast period be extended by 1 hour,{7.30am to 9.30am would be ideal} which would stop everyone coming at once,and the room would not feel as stuffy either.It should therefore be possible for everyone to get a table and no one will have to wait in the corridor.Check-out for me went very well and was just a matter of handing over my key card as i had paid my bill on arrival.It is the first time i have ever checked out of a hotel where i was not handed a hotel receipt for my stay,usually from a printer,so i left empty-handed.	
Dec 2 2007 	cheap and cheerful	Stayed here with my hoppo before an Amy Whino gig. Its just down the road from victoria station with a few pubs inbetween for a swift half if you fancy it! Generally good location but there are some of these B&amp;B type places all up the road and therefore some located nearer to the station.It was cheap as chips and was perfect for a non romantic night in the city. Theres everything you need and even a free brekkie to top it all off. Can't really add much else, wasn't really any frills to mention. Go here if you're looking for cheap and reliable, but not one to impress the ladies on valentines x	
Sep 24 2007	Victoria Inn was fine.	I have stayed at the Victoria Inn twice - Sept. 2004, May 2006.Each time I was with a different person. Yes, the rooms are small but we were out sightseeing most of the time. Considering the costs of hotels in London, this inn was a bargain!!!	
Sep 6 2007 	No sleep	This hotel room was VERY small and the bed was very uncomfortable. If you want to be cool at night, do not even CONSIDER opening your bedroom window. There is a youth hostel next door, and apparently all the kids that stay there can afford to do is to stay out on the street and drink and cut up all night. The hotel staff say that there is nothing they can do. The youth do not leave the street until about 4 in the morning. The Breakfast does not change, and is in a VERY hot basement with no ventilation. We will not return to this hotel. For the money that we paid, the bathrooms in a power boat are bigger than at this hotel.	
Sep 4 2007	Here there  everywhere in London.........	While traveling in and around London between Aug.8th through Aug.25th, I found my trip to be most enjoying......I traveled alone, and my final stay was at the Victoria Inn in London ... the hotel room was small, but it suited me , as I was traveling alone.........it was clean and the staff was friendly, helpful and courteous......... it suited my needs !!!	
Aug 25 2007 	Worst Hotel Ever!!!	We stayed at the Victoria Inn while travelling on our honeymoon and unless you are completely desperate strongly recommend you find somewhere else to stay.The nightmare started when we booked in after 23 hours of travel to find we had been allocated a twin share room - despite being very specific in all correspondence about it being our honeymoon! We were informed there was nothing that could be done as no other rooms were available. The next day we were moved to the only available double room that was in the basement and was so small not enough room to open our suitcase and had no ventilation. On the third day we were moved yet again to room 6 which was (admittedly) a reasonable room.The manager of the hotel is the rudest person we have ever had to deal with for a customer service complaint and agree with your other reviewers that she should not be working in the customer service industry. When we complained about having been allocated a twin room she was very agressive, raised her voice at us and told us it was too bad and if we didn't like it we could get out of her hotel.We could not believe the size and standard of all the bathrooms (after having 3 different rooms we are able to comment on a variety of them)! The showers are so small you had to stand like a tin soldier once you were in, water was always covering the floor, and the toilets are very tightly squeezed in.The breakfast room was also the worst we have experienced. There was no ventiliation so it was really hot and stuffy and it was constantly overcrowded with nowhere to sit. The food was of a very average standard - basic toast, cereal and tinned fruit.On a positive note we found the cleaning staff really friendly and a couple of the front desk people also nice. The location of the hotel was quite central being a short walk to a couple underground stations. It was however very unusual that we were required to hand in our key at reception every time we left the hotel???I am absolutely baffled as to how this hotel manages to keep it's star rating as it certainly does not compare in any way to any other hotel we have stayed in.The favourite part of our stay was definitely checking out!Do yourself a favour and find somewhere else to stay!!!!	
Jul 24 2007	look elsewhere! NASTY	We arrived and the lobby looked nice and clean. When we got to our rooms we were shocked at how small they were. The rooms were clean, but hadn't been painted in a long time and looked more like a college dorm than a hotel room. The place charges for internet acces (you can find a free hotspot if you browse around). It also offers breakfast, when we went down to breakfast it was like 1OOdegrees down there and smelled like something was burning. So, we had to go elsewhere. The bathrooms are deplorable. They smell like sewers and don't even have doors on their showers! STAY AWAY!	
Jun 19 2007 	Great Hotel to stay in....	This hotel is centrally located, and I saw this hotel by searching on the internet with words like &quot;budget hotels in central london&quot; and it's the truth, very centrally located. Close to Station, restaurant, Theatre and Attractions such as Buckingham Palace.I recommend this hotel to everyone, apart from the reception lady who can be moody, I liked the staff, very friendly, the hotel is clean and nice and offers great value for money.	
Jun 5 2007 	Tiny smelly rooms with even smaller bathrooms - you can find a better hotel!	The room we had was very small - a full size bed barely fit and the bathroom...what a joke! Imagine an airplane bathroom with a tiny shower. They keep your key when you leave - not sure why they insisted on this, but they did! You stand in a line for a breakfast that consists of toast and cereal in the smallest dining room I've ever seen! It was also very loud! The location was ideal, but there are tons of other options on the same road!	
Apr 17 2007 	A Horrible Nightmare!	This is the absolute WORST hotel you might ever want to stay at. When we first walked in, the lobby was dingy and neat. The front desk person had a nice smile, and was helpful. Our room was on the first floor.We opened our hotel room door, and thought we had just reached Antartica, it was absolutely freezing in the room. We checked the windows to find them all wide open. Their was a rusty old coffee pot in the corner and we started it up for some tea to warm ourselves. The bed coverings were dirty, and smelled of old perfume. There was a closet in the room, which held 2 extra bed pillows, which were dirty and had hairs stuck to them (we do not know whose hair it was). There was also another blanket in the closet, which was soiled. In the morning, we awoke to a foul smell of burnt food. It was so bad we NEVER went near the breakfast area. We turned on the shower and there was no hot water, and still no heat. It was literally the worst sleep ever.Promptly, we went to the front desk and complained. We were advised the heat is on between 2pm and 5am. That we should check the knobs on our radiators to ensure that they were on. We realized when the heat did finally turn on, the whole room permeated with a smell of urine, comparable to dirty diapers. Additionally, we were assured that our blanket and bedding situation would be fixed. By the third day we had heat, and clean bedding. However, the 2 pillows and blanket in the closet stayed in the same dirty condition. The bathroom wad disgusting. We despised our stay, and frankly dreaded returning for the nights sleep.	
Mar 30 2007	Nice Place!	I am frankly extremly suprised by how many bad reviews this place has gotten. I was not expecting much considering the price, but I was very pleasantly surprised. The location is fantastic, the rooms were cheerful and clean, and the staff were friendly. I would reccomend this place to anyone, and I'm someone who usually stays in fairly nice hotels. The bathrooms were small and very clean, although the shower was a bit finicky. The only thing I was really disapointed in was the breakfast. It was quite meagre, jusy three cerial choices and some toast and jam, but I shouldn't have expected more for the price.The beds were comfortable and there were small tea pots in the rooms which was really nice. There is also a computer you can pay a pound or two to use in the lobby. This place was really lovely overall. I noticed no smoke smell; perhaps this has been improved since other reviewers were there. If you're looking for a hotel where people wait on you head and foot and overcharge you for amenties you don't need, go somewhere else.	
Feb 28 2007 	DO NOT GO	Terrible HotelPhotos on the there website were very missleadingRooms were small and all rooms are smoking rooms so even if you request non smoking it is not guarenteed.I was staying in the hotel with 2 other friends, 1 of the girls was given a ground floor room with no lock on the window &amp; when she asked to move she was told there was nothing available.My room the door did not lock &amp; the 3rd room was so small you could hardly move. All 3 rooms were freezing Staff were very unfriendly &amp; when we called to get directions to the hotel they could not help other than to tell us what street the hotel was on.	
Feb 20 2007 	cheap but not so cheerful	We have just returned from a 2 night stay at The Victoria Inn. It was our first stay in London, so didn't really know what to expect. From the photo's on the website, it looked like a very nice hotel, with decent sized rooms, with nice spaceous en-suite bathrooms. Our room (No 37), was on the 4th floor, so had to use the 'lift' to get there. Once we got into the room, we were very disappointed. The 'en-suite' was basically a porta-cabin in the corner of the room. The door opened outwards as there was so little space in it! The 'shower' was a very small triangle, and the water went everywhere. This left the toilet, the sink and the floor very wet and slippery. The room overall was tiny, but clean. On the first morning of our stay, we went down for breakfast (in the basement). There was a queue to get in as the room was so small, and couldn't properly cater for the number of guests staying there. After a 10 minute wait and still no seats, we left the hotel and went elsewhere for breakfast. The next morning, we didn't even bother going down there.The positive aspect of staying here is the location. It is just a 10 minute walk to Victoria Tube / Train station. It is ideally located to explore the city, and the public transport network in the area is great. Overall, great location, not so great accommodation. Wouldn't stay here again.	
Oct 28 2006 	unpleasantly surprised	The room (#24) was very small; basically the gap from bed (small also) to the walls was 1 foot on one side, and approx. 2 feed on other side. (see picture of the entire room)The bed cover was full of stains (see picture).I don't think that anyone would risk to use the water glass in the bathroom (see picture).The shower was like a coffin; one couldn't move, once under the shower.the staff didn't look too professional, and seemed unaware of the fact that they have to produce bills when one checks out.Plus: proximity to Buckingam Palace (approx. 25-30 min. walk)	
Oct 26 2006 	Bad Service from Management	I reserved my room directly through the hotel's website/online reservation system. I had modified the room type a couple weeks prior to my arrival and when I showed up with confirmations in hand, they had no record of the latest revision. The staff behind the front desk were nice however the manager of the hotel was blatanly rude to me on the telephone as we discussed why she didn't show a record of my reservation. My choice was take the room we have for you or find another hotel. I have since contacted the hotel again asking for a refund of the price difference between the two rooms since it is their fault and they have refused. The manager is NOT customer service oriented AT ALL and doesn't know how to handle a customer-oriented business. If you have any problems at this hotel, unfortunately, you should NOT expect them to be resolved.	
Oct 10 2006 	Dont go there...	The rooms are small, grim and stink of stale smoke. Our room had a delightful damp patch on the wall which seemed to grow by the minute. The bed consisted of a saggy mattress, one measly pillow, and a dubious brown quilt that probably hadn't been washed since Queen Victoria was on the throne. The bathroom reminded me of a portaloo at a music festival, and the &quot;complimentary toiletries&quot; amounted to a caustic soap more commonly found in a public toilet.The continental breakfast was served in a windowless, stuffy holding cell in the basement, and amounted to some toast, chemical jam, and uninspiring cereal. I didn't even venture near the brown liquid that was pretending to be coffee. There are better hotels in London, I'm sure that there cant be many that are worse!	
Oct 8 2006	Awful- Truly A Motel 6	This place is deceiving--the lobby looks nice but it's a total dump. You get the impression from the rooms that they rent by the hour.The beds are scary and the room smelled. I was concerned about the cleanliness and the bathroom (entire bathroom) was the size of the shower. You bathed nearly on top of the toilet). The &quot;shampoo&quot; was hand wash in a wall dispenser.The breakfast they serve is bread and bad coffee.I would never, ever, ever recommend this hotel. It was awful, dingy and the service was below average.	
Sep 27 2006 	Small but clean 	Some of the reviews made me a little nervous, but we booked it anyhow due to price and location. Upon arrival they took us next door to a partner hotel, Victor Inn. They've taken a standard size bedroom in an older building and built a bathroon inside the room. Therefore the room is very very small, as is the bathroom. However, both were very clean and adequate if you're in need of a place to sleep, and not planning on spending all day in the room. The location is great. You can walk to the hotel for the Victoria station, which is a major train and metro station. You can also walk to most of the tourist attractions.	
May 28 2006	a horrible nightmare!	I got into a single room. Terribly small, terribly cold, and the shower room is literaly a shower pit. After taking a shower, you'll feel like you got more dirty by unclean shower curtain sticking all over your body.And to wrap up the whole horrible stay, i got influenza but still couldn't sleep well due to next door neighbors noise. Just don't go there!	
May 11 2006 	horror experience	Avoid. Go there, if you like: - incredibly small rooms. Difficult to move if you have luggage in the room.- small bathrooms, almost impossible to reach your feet for washing. (tip: keep your feet on the bed when sitting in loo!)- occasionally not working toilet seats- long cold/hot periods in the shower- tobacco stench from neighbour rooms- noise from neighbours- cold rooms because of faulty windows (despite of radiator that burns your feet)- dirty blankets- Hi-carb breakfasts. They serve mainly white bread, cereals, juice and coffee. One morning I asked that do they evere serve cheese, ham, eggs or bacon. The reply was: Never. So find your proteins elsewhere!I did complain but change of room didn't change anything. Never again!	
Apr 4 2006	I would recommend it!	After reading some reviews and mixed opinions(bad and good ones) I finally stayed there during 4 nights. I dind't expect a 4 star hotel, just a clean, comfortable and central place.And that is what we found. As I realised (reading some reviews)that rooms with shower have smaller bathrooms, I booked a room with bath.So we get a bigger and new bathroom. Rooms are not very big, as they usually aren't in London, but big enough for three.As a double room it could have been a quite big room.It was a recently painted room, with a table and two chairs.Comfortable beds and very nice staff. Breakfast not too special, just continental one in a quite small breakfast-room. Location is the best. 10 minutes walking to Victoria Station and 15-20 miuntes walking to main attractions. 24 bus line stop just in front of the hotel and 2 minutes walk to the tube station.I definetly would recommend it and would come back there!	
Feb 1 2006	Horrible!	It's un hotel where your booking isn't respected, we have a double room but they done us a twin room very small. And when we leave the hotel they added in our bill the PayTV at one hour that we aren't in the hotel.They robbed us!	
Aug 11 2005	Most horrible place I have ever stayed.	This is by far the most horrible place I have ever stayed. We started our 3 week vacation at the Victoria Inn and it made all the subsequent hotels seem like palaces. The room was about 10' by 10', so there was about a foot of free space around the bed. The bathroom was about the size of an airplane bathroom plus a tiny shower. The toilet leaked water and urine. We could tell this was an ongoing problem because the floor was stained when we arrived. This obviously did not smell great in the small hot room. The shower was gross and we needed to wear flip flops to shower (actually we had to wear them to enter the bathroom). The original color of the showerhead was unrecognizable since it was covered in rust and green algae. I ended up getting sick in the room and couldn't wait to check out of there. The only plus about this place was one of the chambermaids who was very friendly and nice. But overall this was a terrible hotel, especially for $150 a night.	
Jul 22 2005 	Decent	The location is good - close to the Tate Gallery, Westminster Abbey, and the London Eye. It's a 5-minute walk to the Pimlico tube station; count on 10 minutes to get to Victoria.The room I had was OK - not great, but clean and along the lines of what I would expect at £ 60/night for a double in this area. Breakfast: basic. Shower: cold-hot-cold-hot-cold. Staff: friendly and helpful.	
Jun 30 2005	Mixed opinion	Hi! there i went! Great location, good rates. That was my goal and that I achived.Ok, I also got one of the basement rooms. Very, very small. the bathroom can not be named as that. The bed was reachable from just of one of its sides, i almost couldn't handle the bag, and it was only one bag!First reaction.....I can't believe this!! Then, and being honest, I only needed enough space to sleep over the 3 nights and to shower. I that i got.Ok, only 3 nights were enough. No more. But it was clean, the staff was nice and i would consider to go back only if I could be garanteed that i would get at least a medium room.So, for one point of view it was bad. But for what i wanted ( a place to crash at night and leave early in the morning ) it was not that terrible.So, my avise to you is to think twice. I can't honestly tell you dont' go at all because the rest of the rooms they have aren't that bad. But neither i'll point this hotel as a reference.It will depend of course of your budget, your number of nights, etc.They just shouldnt use those small divisions as rooms. They try to make the place more rentable but I wouldnt do it to my costumers. But that's me!	
Dec 31 2004	They could replace the ripped bed linens	I have decided to book in this hotel after reading the reviews on this website and because of their price.The hotel is central, within walking distances of all major tourism attractions : Parliament, Trafalgar square, Buckingham Palace,....The breakfast was continental , pretty much ok (could be improved though..)The room were we were put in had very small, but clean shower. About one square meter, with a tiny sink,a tiny shower and a toilet. When you turned on the shower you had to take out the toilet paper and towels - the water will spash everything because of the small space.The room had a dull feeling and everything was so old: and the sheets were ripped , the blanket was smelly.I wouldn't book in this hotel ever again! After all, the Belgrave Road is a great location and many of the houses there are hotels, so maybe next time I will try one of these.	
Dec 7 2004	No complaints!	Belgrave Road is a great location and many of the houses there are hotels. Once they were homes for the well-to-do. In other words they were not built as hotels. Our room was not unlike a ferry cabin, and the &quot;bathroom&quot; was a plastic pod in the corner. But it was all clean and the bed was comfortable and at around £60 for a double room I don't think anyone should complain! The staff were efficient and friendly and when, two hours after we had checked out, we realised we had left all our Christmas shopping in the cupboard (the room was so small we kept falling over all the carrier bags!) we went back and they had it all waiting for us. Across the road in an identical building there is a Days Inn where a double room is twice the price. Even if the room is twice the size I would be happy to stay at the Victoria Inn again.	
Oct 11 2004	The most terrible hotel I've ever stayed at...	I stayed at Victoria Inn London in September. My room was incredibly small. It was just a nightmare. There was a wide gap between the room I saw on the hotel website and the room I actually stayed in. Of course, I complained about this; however, the stuff said, &quot;Sorry, we are full booked for tonight.&quot; I had to stay in a very, very, very small room. It was a very disappointing hotel. I can definitely say that it was the most horrible and terrible hotel I've ever stayed at. I'll never go back...	
Sep 2 2004	could be a lot better		
Jul 10 2004	very central		
Jun 8 2004	Clean convenient and relatively inexpensive		
May 29 2004	I took a picture of the bathroom!		
May 23 2004	good location good price		
Apr 25 2004	Great value		
Feb 25 2004	Excellent central location		
Jan 27 2004	No! No! No!		
Jun 16 2003	Good Vaule For Your Dollar		
Mar 18 2003	Cheap and Clean		
Oct 11 2009 	Suveränt läge		
Sep 29 2009 	Me han cobrado dos veces la estancia.		
Sep 20 2009 	Más contras que pros		
Jul 11 2009 	impeccable pour un petit séjour!		
Jun 2 2009 	Piccolo ed economico!		
Apr 15 2009 	Décevant !!		
Apr 12 2009 	muy caro para lo que es		
Feb 1 2009 	Economico e centrale		
Dec 21 2008 	Piccolo ma confortevole Victoria Inn		
Sep 22 2008 	hotel discreto ma pulito		
Aug 11 2008 	Lasciate stare		
May 29 2008 	Bastante Bien		
May 22 2008 	Decente		
Apr 24 2008 	Tres sympa petit hotel		
Mar 25 2008 	Für Kurztrip ideal		
Feb 20 2008 	Un cauchemard		
Feb 18 2008 	me gusto el hotel		
Dec 22 2007 	Estancia agradable		
Nov 2 2007 	Kammern des Schreckens		
Aug 15 2007 	Limpio y bien situado en Victoria		
Jul 30 2006 	Service déplorable à la réception		
Apr 18 2006	Lo peor que he visto en mi vida		
