Nov 20 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Me and my boyfriend recently stayed in Cricklewood Lodge for few nights, this hotel is good and the receptionist and an elderly man were so helpful, they give us all the information and direction that we need (like bus and tube) after fill in the form the receptionist show me where my room is and told me about the key for the room, for the front door in case we come back late at night (as the door is locked for security reason), and where's the breakfast room too. We had booked a double ensuite room from their website, and we were very pleased with it, its just exactly same as the photo shown on the web. i think they had been renovated as the carpet were new and clean, and the bed was so confortable, we really had a nice sleep over there. In the morning, we had a lovely english breakfast, the staff were friendly and helpful and the dining room was so beautiful and modern. I think i will visit this hotel again on my next trip, and i would recommend this hotel to friends, this area is very convenience and the transport links are very good too.	
Jul 30 2009 	Avoid - Staff robbed our room	AVOID THIS HOTEL LIKE THE PLAGUE. IT IS OLD, DIRTY, SMELLY, RUN DOWN AND THE STAFF ARE THIEVES.My self and my partner stayed in this hotel because it convenient location when we for flat hunting in the area. We found the hotel to be of low standard but were not alarmed as it was CHEAP and suited our budget. However, returning to the hotel after our first days flat hunting we discovered that while our room had been tidied - a spare mobile phone and charger of mine along with my girlfriends purse with drivers license, an old bank cards, sim cards and travel doc's had gone missing from our bags left in the room!! My girlfriends bank later called her to say that the bank card had been tried with wrong PIN twice and the thieves then had the check to call her bank and demand the pin number from them using details from the stolen drivers license!!We confronted the cleaners (also breakfast cooks) the following morning and they flatly denied any wrong doing - with no proof but the fact that our belongings were gone we quietly awaited the end of our stay.AVOID THIS HOTEL LIKE THE PLAGUE. IT IS OLD, DIRTY, SMELLY, RUN DOWN AND THE STAFF ARE THIEVES.	
Jul 13 2009 	Give it a chance	We stayed for one night at the Cricklewood Hotel. It was pretty poor from the parking point of view with a very small car park for a thirty roomed hotel. On arrival the reception were very helpful, keys handed over and asked if we needed anything. The room was very basic and the cleaning was still being done even though we did tell them what time we would be arriving. The only downside to the room is that they are not en-suite and we had to walk down a flight of stairs for a shower or the toilet and to be honest they were clean but could do with modernising. There is some storage space but not a lot however we were only there for just one night so didn't take a lot anyway. Our bed was really comfortable and we slept very well to wake up with a quite nice breakfast although a very small dining room, again not big enough for a 30 roomed hotel. I would stay here again but after a good renovation could be a very nice place to stay.	
Dec 8 2008 	Terrible avoid at all costs!	I booked a room in the Cricklewood Lodge for a friend who was staying in London for a few days. I went to pick up the keys for him and was greeted by an incredibly rude man in the reception, which immediately set alarm bells ringing. As soon as I walked I could see the hotel was shabby, and had a dank, horrible atmosphere to it so I asked if I could see the room before paying. The receptionist wasn't too happy about this, and I can see why he didn't want me to see it. The room turned out to be disgustingly dirty, it was smelly, full of ugly, rickety furniture, the bed was really uncomfortable . How could I let my friend stay there? I went back to the reception to let the man know I didn't want the room. He was on the phone for ages and totally ignored me. So I left the key on the counter and walked out. Later on he called me with a torrent of verbal abuse. I had the right to cancel my reservation and I don't feel I should have been subjected to this. Please avoid this hotel.	
Jul 27 2008 	awful time at the Cricklewood	Theres nothing good to say about this hotel. It is in desperate need of renovation (it looks nothing like the pictures on the website). Our room (8) was dirty and shabby. The furniture was a mix of rickety old tables and a dirty desk. The tv didnt work properly and there was no remote control. The over bed light was a rusty desk lamp screwed to the wall. The sink in the bedroom was dirty and rusty and covered in fag burns. Our double bed was awful due to the fact it was made up of 2 doors which nicely stuck out from under the mattress! Now for the best bit, the shower room. It was filthy. The toilet would not flush, the bowl was black, as was the floor. The shower was no better, it was covered in mould. You had to lift the whole door up to get it to close ( that is if you were brave enough to get in it ). The window also would not shut and to stop people looking in, it was covered with newspaper.Unfortunately the breakfast wasn`t any better. It was run by 3 girls who could not speak very good english, and they didn`t think twice about arguing in front of the guests. The food was very poor, i could only recommend the toast.Overall i can not give this hotel more than 1 out of 10. Please think carefully before booking a stay at the Cricklewood.	
May 28 2008 	nice hotel	I have recently stayed at this hotel, I was able to check in late at night, it was no problem, and shown to my room.My partner and I had booked a double room with an ensuite over their website, and I was very pleased with our room.It was spacious and had been renovated, you could tell them carpets and fittings were new.At breakfast we had a huge english breakfast, the dining room was big and modern, and also the staff were friendly.I needed a hairdryer and extra pillows that night, so the night receptionist brought it up, no problems.Overall I would recommend this hotel to any guests coming to london, transport links are very good too.	
Apr 21 2008 	Avoid this hotel at all cost	We visited London for 3 days to see my son before moving on to Paris. He found this &quot;little gem&quot; for us and I guess being a backbacker, hostel, budget traveller he felt it was good value and it was definitely close to his flat. We found the family staff disinterested and had no sense of customer service whatsoever. The room we were given was in the basement...well if we had not not been exhausted from our very long day we would have walked right back out.It was grimey, dank and dark. The overall level of the hotel was poor to very poor. We stayed because we were barely in the room other than to sleep and we know it would be over soon. Finally, breakfast (included with the room) was just passable served with the same &quot;I really don't care&quot; level of service we had come to expect.We were supposed to stay on our last night before our flight home but instead stayed at The Crown Morin Hotel just up the street, what luxury!	
Jan 3 2008 	The worst hotel in London	We booked an overnight stay at this hotel because it was near the area we had some business the following day. Upon entering the hotel we noticed how grubby and worn it all looked. We were given the key to our room and found it to be filthy dirty with a broken toilet seat down the side of the toilet with thick dirt all around. I knew I could not stay there. We complained to the manager and he said they did not have any more rooms available. My husband left the hotel to try and book us in elsewhere without success. It seamed we had no choice so reluctantly stayed. During the night my husband was woken by bed bugs crawling over his body but knew if he woke me up I would have been devastated. In the morning I saw the bites on my husbands body. Totally disgusted I left without breakfast knowing we had payed by credit card and could do very little about it. Please do not repeat the shockingly awful experience we had.	
