Nov 20 2009 	Disgusting!	Filthy place, apparently now being used by London Council to house asylum seekers. I turned up with work colleague with the rooms pre paid by our company. Receptionist (in cupboard) insistant that rooms had not been paid for insisted on credit card for further payment! Left very swiftly and found alternative accomodation at Holiday Inn Regents park for a cheaper rate and a room where you felt safe to close your eyes. Definately a place to avoid.	
Oct 5 2009 	TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!	I don't normally complain, but please don't go near this hotel. The customer service from this place is the worse I have ever encountered. I booked a room and then hours before my stay they cancelled on me on a very busy weekend, so finding another hotel at such short notice was difficult. But the worst was to come. Days later after looking at my bank statement I noticed that they had still charged me! An honest mistake I thought... But when I phoned them the rude staff (especially the manager) told me I was charged because I did not show, even thought they had cancelled on me! They refused to give me my money back. They told me I would have to speak to the booking agency or the go between Hotel Solutions. They refused to discuss the matter even when I explained that it was their mistake. In all my years (39) I have never experienced such poor customer service. Fortunately, after 2 months of haggling and endless phone calls and a word with Trading Standards Hotel Solutions kindly gave me my money back even though it wasn't there place to do so. The Opulence Hotel refused to acknowledge their mistake or refund me. It's not what the Opulence Hotel did to me but it's the way they did it that is so disgraceful! They were rude and arrogant. I've never heard anything positive about this place. It's a complete fiasco. If you've booked and still have time to change do so now, or you WILL REGRET IT!	
Sep 10 2009 	dreadful dreary disorganised and dangerous	The booking for 7 rooms was made by our secretary through Laterooms. Having looked at the Opulence Hotel website, she told us to expect a four star hotel at a bargain price. How wrong!We arrived at a pokey, tatty little hotel on a busy main road.Reception was at a cubby hole on the first landing. There was no formal check in. The receptionist gave us keys but did not take our names or personal details. Although it was 4pm my room was not ready. I asked if there was somewhere to wait. The receptionist walked to a locked door which she opened. In the room I heard her argue with a colleague. He was very angry and shouted that she had made a mess of things and to sort it out herself. By this time I felt distinctly uncomfortable. She ushered me into the room to sit with her colleague while my room was cleaned.Eventually I went to my bedroom which was in the basement. It was dark, very hot and had no facilities for hot or cold drinks.The main problem occurred when the remaining 3 people in our group arrived to check in at 6pm. Despite one of them having dropped off his bags earlier in the day, he was told his room had been given to someone else and the hotel was now full. The last 2 people of the group were told their booking had been cancelled!All three of them had to leave and find alternative accommodation.The next morning, to add insult to injury, we were told on check out that two of the rooms we had booked had not been used and we would have to pay £200 for the &quot;no shows&quot;!The hotel is very badly run. There was no apology and were told in no uncertain terms that it was all our fault!Don't stay here!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent Hotel Great Service and Splendid Rooms	I booked two rooms for a one week stay and of us really enjoyed it. Rooms are spacoius with rich decoartion .Nice bathrooms with bathrobes . Breakfeast Buffet was fine with the Chef inviting us for fresh omlettes.We were able to order room service at very reasonable prices. My children were accessing broadband internet all day long we had ample choices of TV channels . This has been one of my best hotel experiences in London.	
Jul 12 2009 	never ever be tempted to stay here	The hotel was booked last minute and the picture looked ok - oh how deceptive that picture was! The reception is a shack, in effect stuffed into a corner, it was a shambles. The carpets are filthy and stained and were not fitted - as a consequence the edges were all tattered. The trip to the room (god help you if you are at the top as we were) was via a staircase which was poorly maintained (wall-paper peeling off, water stains down the wall). The room was terrible. The carpet was again stained and poorly fitted. the bedding was a disgrace and I threw the top cover into the wardrobe, where it stayed. The net curtain was grey with filth. The shower leaked all over the floor and was crammed into a space that my husband could not turn round in. You could not get to the sink properly because it was so crammed. The television did have 25 channels, however 24 of them did not have a reception. If there is a fire and you are the top, make sure that you have made a will because you will never get out unless you use the net curtains to paracute out! The receptionist was there from dawn to dusk but we did our best not to wake him when we came back at 10am to find him snoring laying on top of his reception shack. I would not rely on him for security or any form of fire warning system. The best way to navigate the room is to back into the shower and then jump onto the bed to dry off - thereby avoiding the carpet! To top it off two pillows with no pillow cases. We were flabergastered at the place, however my heart went out to the two Americans behind me who had paid £231 to stay there !	
Jul 6 2009 	I would never advise to stay here	How I wish I'd seen these reviews before booking my stay. My weekend was ruined because of this hotel. I tried to call about 10 times to get directions, but nobody answered the phone. We eventually found it at around 16:00, and when we got there, there was nobody to let us into the room as he &quot;had gone to the post office&quot;. We were shown into a grotty little downstairs kitched to wait, and then when he showed up, we were told he needed to get the room ready.....when it should have been ready for us to get into at 12:00. We waited a while longer and then were let into our room which looked run-down....and the noise from the road outside was awful. Having had enough, I advised that we weren't staying, whihc resulted in an argument about payment for the room. This was supposed to be a special weekend to celebrate my girlfrieds birthday, and they completely ruined it.	
Jun 13 2009 	Friendly start but poor stay	Stayed here with colleagues and had to cut my stay short after one night. Whilst check in was very friendly with the concierge taking our bags to our rooms, the room I was given was at the top of 3 very steep flights of stairs and very small with a tiny bathroom. I wanted to open the window to let some air in but the very thick net in front of it looked dirty. The TV had poor reception and when I woke up during the night my room was filled with the smell of cigarette smoke - no idea where this was coming from as the hotel was non smoking. When I told the receptionist in the morning of the issues I had experienced he was not particularly helpful and made no apology.	
Jun 8 2009 	The worst hotel experience ever	At first i want to point out the only thing i liked, the staff was ok. Now to my negative experiences.At first we arrived at the hotel att 2 a.m and we had to clime a lot of narrow stairs with our luggage. When we arrived at the room the minibar was not functioning. So we had to run down the stairs to ask the guy in the reception if they had anything to drink in the hotel. They hadn´t. He was about to lock up the hotel so we couldnt go outside. Although it said in our reservation that the hotel reception was supposed to be open 24h. But we were to thirsty to go to bed after a long travel so we had to knock on the room that he slept in and he just said that we could put something under the door so it didnt lock itself. We also had a problem with the reception when we were going to check out and we found the reception unattendent. We almost missed our flight becuase we had to rung around the hotel looking for any staff, But we never found anybody so i had to write a note. Now to the rooms. It was absolutely disgusting! The first thing we saw was the the bed had a lot of stains on it. The curtain had a sticky big white stain allover the bottom. I found broken glass in the drawers. The floor had dark stains. But now to the worst i found a pair of mens underwear with faeces all over it beside the wardrobe. It was aboslutely horrible! I would also like to point out that it said in our booking that there was supposed to be a lot of channels on the TV but i was like 6 channels and only 3 of them were in english. No movies channels. It was also supposed to have movies you could watch but surprise, they didnt work. You can guess what my overall experience was.	
Jun 2 2009 	fantastic helpful staff	We were moved here the day before our stay as the original hotel was overbooked. We found the staff very helpful, they had been informed that we had booked a twin room and although they had none available at the time they set a room up for us and when they realised we prefered a double they moved us on the second night. The staff organised the move including all the luggage, including the stuff my partner had put in the fridge.The breakfast was superb, we would visit again but unfortunately are unable to ge the same deal so we have had to look elsewhere	
May 30 2009 	Nice place to stay	Ok, where to startthe hotel is located in very good area, 5 mis from Oxford Street, very good for tourist. A small hotel, nice and clean. I have booked a Double room for £140 a night, and when I have arrived, the gentleman at the reception was very nice and gentle. He helped me with bags and offered me Suite with no charge, because the room booked for was on third floor, so didn't want me to wake up with my heavy luggage. I had room, very nice decorated and clean. I have really enjoyed my stay, and i would recommed to my best friend to stay in Opulence hotel.	
Apr 27 2009 	Telephone beforehand	I booked a night at this hotel through Hotel club. I received my confirmation e mail.Planning to attend a university reunion in London this was ideally situated. I arrived at the hotel where the gentleman at the front desk said he knew nothing about my booking and sorry he was full. Another guest was getting the same story. He looked in his computer and said there was somewhere round the corner for £400 for the night but that was the limit of his customer service. I had to try and find a late room at 5pm on a Saturday night in London, not an easy or cheap thing to do! I then e mailed Hotelclub the following day who said they had tried to contact me (No evidence of e mail or phone call ) and they had also left a message at the hotel to go to another hotel (Again no message according to the only gentleman on the front desk).All in all very bad customer service and leaves a very bad taste . so my only advice ring beforehand to confirm otherwise you might have a very expensive shock.	
Aug 6 2008 	Crazy manager filthy rooms horrible breakfast	The hotel is horrible, do not believe the pictures dispalyed on their web-site. So, where do I start. First of all, I was woken up in the middle of the night becase the ceiling was leaking right above my bed. And not just some drops, no but like a proper rain. I went to complain to reception and there was nobody there. It turns out that they have no staff at night, and mind you, this is a hotel advertised as 4 star, and I was paying a lot of money for the room I had, some £350 prpn. In the morning I went to the manager about the problem, and you won't believe it, but he said that he had a headache, and he cannot do anything about it, and plus he had had enough of this country, (he is a foregner, apparently egyptian), where everybody is crazy and out of their minds. I couldn't believe this, I wanted to leave the hotel but I couldn't find anything else at the time, everything was full, so had to stay there.Second, the restaurant is filthy. Again, It took me a while to find somebody to serve me my breakfast, so had to pop into their kitchen to see if there was any staff. My God, the kitchen is the worst I have ever seen, the filthiest, the dirtiest, with garbage on the floor, dirty utensils, and th floor looked like it has never been swept or mopped since the opening. Needless to say that i was off my breakfast, but i decided to stay for a cup of coffee. There is a buffet, but I would never eat anything from it even if I was dying from famine, cheese and salami looked mouldy and well past the use-by date, so was the bread. If the sight of the kitchen, restaurant and food hadn't put me off my breakfast already, then it would definitely be the blonde girl who was serving the breakfast who would finish off the whole disgusting image. She was rude, loud, and had dirt under her nails, and in general didn't look very hygienic. She was talking loudly on her mobile, and you could hear her from evey corner of the hotel. She approached me with over-familiarity, bordering on obsenity as if I was her drinking buddy. I decided against having coffee there as well. The only exception was a receptionist, Venera, a ray of light in the whole hotel, who made everyhting possible to make our stay bearable, always with a smile on her face, and full of knowledge on London, she went out of her way to help us with everything. But sadly, the next day when I came to check out I was told she resigned. And I'm not surprised she did. I will never come back to this hotel, i would not recommend anybody to do that.	
Mar 13 2008 	Noisy expensive and run down	Very poor. Our room was over the main road outside and very noisy.Upstairs showers leaked into our air conditioning system.We though expensive for a tiny room and no gym and no free Wifi.Yes it is opulent, but its fading and past it's sell by date.Don't bother	
Mar 12 2008 	Fabulous Hotel!	We've stayed at this lovely hotel in February this year. The hotel is new, it opened only last year, I was told by staff. We had a very nice stay, the staff was very freindly and nice, and made us feel at home. The furnishings and decorations are luxurious and rich, when you walk into the hotel you feel like you are in some art gallery, and not a hotel. It's a quite a small hotel, but very pleasant. The beds were wonderful, and so were the bedding, the pillows so comfortable that you fall asleep as soon as your head hits it. Another great thing about the hotel is it's location. It's very close to Oxford street, if you like shopping, and quite close to the West End too. I would recommend to have dinner at the hotel. We had our dinner there every night, and very pleasantly surprised, as the food was far tastier than some restaurants. I will definitely come back and stay at Opulence when I'm in London again.	
Oct 20 2007 	Nice room but very noisy	The rooms were very nicely done with lots of fabrics and artwork. Sadly, my son had to walk downstairs to the owners unit at 2 a.m. because the television was so loud we could not sleep. The hotel also lacks a lift.... or a bellman. Carrying my own suitcases up 5 flights of stairs in a $500.00 a night hotel seemed a bit much!	
