Aug 8 2009 	premier inn london beckton is fab	Went for a long weekend with the family. Nicholas at reception was great. Rooms were great, tv with freeview kept kids entertained, fan, shower gel, kettle provided. Extra towels provided very quickly without question. Large free car park for any size vehicle.	
May 13 2009 	Average hotel which is probibly expected...	After previous experiance with The Premier Inn, we chose this over others for a one night stay for the Grand Designs Live Exhibition at Excel. The hotel inside was dull, the carpets were grotty and the coridoors smelt like smoke even though its suppose to be a smoke free hotel. Our room was small, but had most of the necessities. One complaint was the fact that the room was very dark as we had a corner room which overlooked the building infront, which was about 3 meters away which blocked out alot of natural light. So we didnt get much of a view.We went for the meal deal where you get starters and a main meal for evening meal and a morning breakfast buffet. They didn't actually point out that the menu was limited, therefore what we ordered, we couldnt have. After browsing through the limited vegetarian option on the menu we finally ordered. The food itself was unimpressive, and wasnt even worth the money or hassle, so would not recommend this deal. Breakfast was just as uninspiring. Overall, the hotel lacks charm, not an ideal gettaway but is probibly a reasonble practical hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	Typical budget hotel	Acceptable budget chain hotel, clean, cheap &amp; cheerful. Certain members of staff a little abrupt. Too far out of central London if you are there for sight-seeing, a good 45 min tube ride having to change at least twice, but handy for the ExCel &amp; O2 arenas. If you have a room on the main road it is a bit noisy, especially when you get idiots doing wheelspins in the supermarket car-park opposite during the night.	
Oct 30 2008 	Very good value....	First impressions very positive, large secure car park and a cheerful reception. Bedrooms are large enough, bathrooms (which have a bath - some of the budget chains don’t) are clean and well appointed. Confortable beds, and the room was quiet. Difficult to say much else really as it’s a typically good value low cost chain hotel. Ideal for a few nights away on business, but located for proximity to the road network rather than tourist attractions.Pub / restaurant right next door that does good value food, or there’s a supermarket opposite if you want to do your own thing.Cooked breakfast available if you want it, and all the staff are very helpful.I’ll definitely use the chain again. I normally a competitor to Premier Inn, but this is considerably cheaper…..	
Jul 14 2008 	Accomodation was basic but the staff is wonderful!!	The rooms were nice and clean with very comfortable beds but what really set this hotel apart was the staff. All areas provided fantastic service but the manager Lee and his assistant manager were especially brilliant.Although having booked a family room, it was disappointing that only one additional small bed was provided and there was a lack of towels. Another drawback I must mention for any other fellow Americans visiting - THERE IS NO AIR CONDITIONING. Our room felt like a sauna!! You'll have to ask for a fan as they are not automatically provided.	
Jun 21 2008	Irena	1A hotel.I will come back,everything was perfect (clean room,good breakfast,nice stuff...)	
Jun 8 2008 	Fab hotel excellent location	stayed at the hotel in may 2008, excellent location , especially if you are going to visit the excel docks, train station by the hotel, 15 mins on train to the docks. also asda across the road from hotel. restaurant served fantastic tasty food, plenty of it too. breakfast was buffet style, again plenty of it. The hotel room was spacious and very clean. we had a comfortable two nite stay. well worth staying again. go on try it out you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 20 2006 	Good Priced Hotel - Excellant location for DLR!	I stayed here Nov 14th for 1 night down in London for World Travel Market. I have to say that it's location is very good right next door to Beckton DLR Railway. Across the road you have a local Asda to pick up any essentials! Rooms more than adequate, with telephone, tv with some freeview channels including ITV2, clean and tidy, same with bathroom with tools which heated up fairly quickly on the hot rail.You do feel secure as you can only enter the second building where I was located by your door magantic key as this opens all the doors to gain entry. The main part of the hotel is attached to the local pub which is very nice and this is where you would get your breakfast in the morning which i found to be well worth the money! Full english where you can take your pick including cereals fresh coffee and juice.Only bad point I have to say is that on my arrival the receptionist who was only a young lass asked if she could help me with my bags across to the second building which is literally 1 min across the car park. Upon arriving to the building we were met by 3 youths the youngest no more than 8 who were obviously trying to gain entry. They made a excuse that they had parents staying but this was not the case. Things did get heated and the young receptionist ended up locking me in the building and going over to phone the police. However the youths by this time had disapearred. I found out the following morning that there is an estate on the back of the hotel which does have a reputation and they have had this happen before. I HAVE TO SAY THOUGH THAT ALTHOUGH THIS WAS A BIT WORRYING I AM STAYING HERE AGAIN NEXT YEAR AS I FOUND THE SEVICE OVERALL TO BE SUPERB AND APART FROM THIS INSTANCE IS WAS VERY QUIET. Very good value and unlike some of the other hotels near Excel they do not double the price when there is an event on. Highly recommended overall.	
Mar 30 2006	Not bad for the price	Clean, newish motel, in two buildings. It's definitely a budget motel, with minimal service and virtually no extras (when I stayed there the rooms did not have telephones -- I'm not sure if this is still the case). Decent onsite restaurant (Brewers Fayre). The Beckton (and final) stop of the Docklands Light Rail is right next door, so getting to Central London is fairly easy (but takes awhile). ASDA supermarket and other shopping across the street, but not much else in the area, which seemed pretty quiet.The first time I stayed here, London was in a heatwave and the room got quite warm, lacking, like European motels, air conditioning. The family rooms are pretty good deals, adequate for three people. I'd say the rooms were smaller but cleaner than you'd expect from most sub-$100 American motels.If you are on a tight budget and want a clean no-frills place to stay near public transport, consider the Premier Travel Inn Beckton.	
