May 15 2008	Wow pretty bad.	I'm not fussy when it comes to hotels but this was falling apart. The bathroom was horrid. Staff were fine. The front door just kept continually beeping and I don't know why. I needed to be in this area at the time and it was dirt cheap so I guess you get what you pay for. Somewhere to rest my head....that's it!	
Aug 28 2007 	The worst place I´ve seen in my life	I can´t describe this hotel. Is like a terror movie.Everything is horrible...Don´t do this!Except you´d like to record a trash movie in a good vicinty!	
Jul 27 2007	Stinking place!!	YUK!! You cant call this a hotell! It was a stinking, crappy and a dirty hole. Had booked for 3 days but we leaved immidiately. We stayed at the Arriva Hotel in Swinton instead, MUCH BETTER!!!	
Jul 24 2007 	Avoid This Hotel at All Costs!	This hotel may only have 1 star but it is 1 star too many! It is absolutely the worst hotel I have ever seen. I had booked to stay there for 1 night, but after seeing the room I had to leave, I couldn't stay, not even for 1 night even though I didn't have another hotel at the time. Sleeping in my car was a far better prospect that staying at the Belsize Park hotel from hell!!!The rooms are supposed to be a basic standard, the room I was shown was far below basic, it was disgustingly filthy! Don't stay there!!!!!!	
Jul 14 2007 	Great situation awful hotel!	While this hotel is undoubtably in a wonderful location, close to the tube and on a road containing more than one Aston Marton, the place itself is a dive.Our bathroom had a sink which was too small even for brushing your teeth, a shower which had been sealed incredibly badly and seemingly patched up (which would explain the huge damp patches and mould on the ceiling in various points throughout the hotel). Oh and the toilet seat wouldn't stay up!!The room itself had &quot;curtains&quot; which were full of holes and falling off the hooks, letting so much light in we couldn't sleep. They genuinely looked moth-eaten. Our blanket was full of cigarette burns and the whole room stank of damp.To add insult to injury, my husband decided to watch TV while I was in the shower. Yes, there was a TV as we had been told BUT the aerial plug was missing from the end of its cable, having been seemingly pulled off exposing bare wires. This added to the other bare wires and dodgy DIY fix jobs we saw elsewhere in the place.We had to wait around 15 or 20 minutes in a queue for breakfast, and then I had to wait another 10 minutes or so for my toast. My husband tells me the fried breakfast was the only good thing about the hotel and was fairly enjoyable!!We didn't sleep well during our stay and were glad to leave!	
Jun 8 2007 	bareable for the price	Well for the price paid this was a fairly standard hotel, it was a little taty in places but our room was ok, the bed was fine and the building was quite grand, just in need of some tlc.The area was very nice and it was close to a tube station, about what you would expect for this price in London.If you are delicate about your surroundings then perhaps not for you but about the standard you would expect from an older hostel. Bareable really.	
Apr 23 2007	Don't know what all the fuss is about!! Perfectly aceptable	I stayed here with a few friends from Uni at the beginning of April. 10th and 11th and I found it to be good value for money. OK its not the Ritz but what can you expect for the Money particularly given that breakfast was included in the price. Its also located in a really nice park of London. Which is unusual as most budget Hotels tend to be located in less affluent areas. Anyway, i would stay here again. Its clean, ok its basic but its worth more than I paid any day.	
Nov 17 2006 	disgusting	As you can see in the candid photo, it's just a broken house with rooms for travellers. The reception counter is just a small table. There were painting dropping off from the wall in the reception area. You can see electric cables coming out from the wall. There were nothing in the room except your bed, an old TV and a broken wardrobe. There was only 2 soaps provided in the toilet. The breakfast was cold and no one was going to refill if the trays were empty. The tea was cold as well. The staff were not friendly. I just felt like being in a haunted house there.	
Nov 3 2006 	Unclean unprofessional and not worth a penny	Actually didn't end up staying there, made a booking, turned up, some crisis going on at the reception with someone else who had booked a room and no booking found. We were shown the room, changed our minds very quickly as was disgusting, filthy carpet, bedlinen, a box room, not to mention the dirty shower !!!Don't consider, if you want cheap find a hostel.	
Oct 19 2006 	DISGUSTING!!!!!!! Don't do it! There are better places to go!	It was genuinely disgusting even for cheap london standards! The room we got was dirty with all kinds of dubious stains! Dirty linens. Holes in the bed, the floors, seriously dodgy English Amateur DIY jobs in the kitchen. Rusty refrigerator. Curtains that did not close at all so the posh neighbors could have a free floorshow ! The stains on the walls and floors were...okay...I think they look like someone's menstrual blood! I'm sorry, this is gross but I am telling it how it is, so much so that I don't even want to put the photos up as it is gross! Don't do it! For your sanity! When I stayed for all of 4hrs in the room before I ran for another hotel, I just bursted out crying from seeing how disgusting the room was. The old man at the frontdesk tried to be helpful (and he was sweet) and tried to give us another room, but it was just as bad! We saw 4 rooms in all..it was all really disgusting!	
Oct 3 2006 	Belzise Park Hotel was very good value for money	Excellent - Got a quad room, which they specially organised for us, (usualy quad rooms have 2 double beds, and 4 lads dont want that!) Rooms were simple, but adequet for us as we just wanted a base camp to rest in while we went around Camden (a short busride away). The breakfast was very good, good quality self service full english with tea, cofee and orange juice. Between 4 of us it was £17.25 a night, and for anywhere that is extremely good value, never mind London. Very good value for money.	
Sep 22 2006 	Yuk Yuk YUK	Horrible - we reserved two triples for a group and one room was filled with flying insects due to an open window. The other room had dirty linens, including a used condom in the bed... needless to say we left after the first night and found other accomodations nearby.	
Sep 21 2006 	Avoid this hotel like the plague	Avoid this hotel like the plague. Run down - there were holes in the stairs on the way to the upper floor on which I stayed, the curtain on the windows was too small to cover the area, there were disgusting stains on the carpet, hairs on the bath (bathroom and bedroom were very spacious for London), no bedside lamp, no tea/coffee facilities, television only had one channel and was snowy. very very basic pay the extra and get somewhere decent.	
Aug 29 2006 	All you need from a hotel (except new furniture)	We stayed in a double at the Belsize Park Hotel during the Bank Holiday weekend and found it altogether appropriate for the price. At £43/night for the double room and a location in Zone 2 North West London, this is a decent budget hotel.It looks like some decoration work was going on during our stay, with a few carpets having been taken off the stairs and a smell of paint all over the corridors. The interior of the hotel is reasonably old with torn/stained carpets and shabby furniture. The room was basic, with no view (actually it looked onto another window in the alleyway), no TV, phone and not even the &quot;tea making facilities&quot; so loved by the English. However, the ensuite bathroom was clean, the shower was warm and had good pressure and the bed was comfy. So altogether: an ugly room which performed all of its basic functions perfectly.The staff were all absolutely lovely, smiled a lot, were ready to chat and kept our bags safe when we turned up too early for check-in. The 2 most surprising good points (and turners for my review) were these:- Room Service. I wasn't expecting any, but while we were out the staff made our beds and brought fresh towels.- The Breakfast! Even though we turned up way late for breakfast on the Sunday (I'm sure they told me a different time....), we were immediately offered cooked breakfast. It's nothing spectacular (vegetarians get beans and scrambled egg), but still a surprise at that budget! They also have cornflakes and toast with butter, margarine, jam and honey.All in all, I would be happy to stay at the Belsize Park Hotel again when on a tight budget.	
Sep 20 2007 	Typisch billiges London?		
Aug 23 2007 	hotel terribile		
Jun 25 2007 	Está limpio y bien situado		
Sep 28 2006 	Una pesadilla		
