Sep 20 2009 	Unbelievably Bad	we weren't sure about booking after seeing the previous reviews, but since they said they had redecorated we took a chance. On arrival the Room was as filthy as others have described and the net curtains were black. If they have redecorated, they must have sourced the paint, carpets and wallpaper from a demolition site!We refused to stay, and told them that as long as they didn't try to charge our card we wouldn't report them to trading standards for the description on their website.	
Jul 23 2009 	Stear Clear of this filthy hotel	On arriving at this place they call a hotel my wife and I refused to stay as it was filthy and un kept. The manager could not care a dam so I refused to give up my key till I got a complete refund which I relunctanly got. In short STEAR CLEAR OF THE BENTINCK HOTEL. I hope in the near future it will be inspected and shut down	
Jan 3 2009 	Avoid at all costs!	Having read several reviews of this hotel (unfortunately afterour return from London) had to let people know that this hotel is still in operation and to be avoided at all costs. General decor dirty,net curtains black, carpets thick with dust, bathrom filthy, live wires poking out of wall behind bed etc.etc.-and this was in two rooms. Having viewed the second one we walked out-woman at desk didnt protest and tore up my resevation form (Id better not have been charged)so I guess she was used to it happening? A disgrace this place is still running as the bad reviews seem to stretch back years so be warned- again and dont be taken in by the price-we wouldnt have stayed even for free!!!!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Nice location	Visited London with 3 friends of mine in October 2008 and decided to take a quad room here, the price was quite ok (around 30 quid per person) and the room was fine as well. VERY warm, great heating. We had one double bed and two single beds. The room was en suite, so we had a bathroom (quite old and not too clean, but it was ok for 2 nights). Breakfast was included (some basic stuff - coffee, milk, toasts, jam) and the service was ok - the girl on the reception was very nice and let us leave our luggage in the room until 19:00. In general, not too bad, considering the price. A very simple family hotel.	
Jun 10 2007 	some one should phone the RSPCA!!!!!	this place is not fit for dogs!!!my friend and i booked this hotel through active hotels. the photos on the web site look light and airy. on approach to the hotel we could see this was not going to be good as the net curtains were black! on entering the hotel we were hit by the smell of greasy cooking and nicotine, NICE!!, the room was worse......the paint was peeling, the carpet was dirty the bedspreads had ciggarette burns in them and the shower was mouldy!! how this place has never been condemmed is beyond me, it's a health hazard!! we only stayed five minutes. when we checked out and said why we were leaving she said no-one had ever complained before!!!!!! as for other hotels, we got into the holiday inn just around the corner for the same price!!	
Apr 11 2007	Agree with other reviews	Booked this hotel because it was AA-listed, which is normally a reliable guide.Agree with other reviews, shabby, minimal breakfast.Beds OK &amp; convenient location. You probably need to pay a lot more for even an adequate London hotel.	
Apr 2 2007 	To be avoided.	20 Bentinck St. London W1 is to be avoided. The hotel bears no relationship to the facilities, service and food advertised on their website. No coffee/tea in rooms, only toast or cereal for breakfast. Dingy rooms and scruffy - mould in the tiles - bathrooms with no soap and only handtowels. The only saving grace was that the beds were clean.	
Jun 5 2006	Wouldn't let a dog stay there!	Absolutely disgusting, unfriendly, unhelpful staff, filthy rooms, facilities definitely not as advertised! Avoid!	
Nov 29 2005	Worst place ever!	We booked this hotel through the accomodations kiosk at a train station. When we got there, the desk clerk was pleasant and we headed up to our room. The room was FILTHY!!! There was blood on the bedspread, ciagarette burns all over the bedding, the TV dial was held on by a hairpin and the bathroom was moldy with pipes all over. The sheets had not been changed and the carpet looked like it had never been cleaned. We went back downstairs and tried to pleasantly say that this wasn't going to work for us, and the clerk did a Jekyl-Hyde act. She became surly and refused to give us our money back. We had to go through the accomodation kiosk again who had success on our behalf. You'd think a dump like this would at least be cheap but they charged $150 American. I have travelled extensively and this was the worst hotel I have ever seen.	
Oct 15 2005	It was disgusting	We booked the Bentinck House Hotel, 20 Bentinck Street, London over the telephone because it was close to The Heart Hospital which we had to go to. The hotels own web page said there were tea and coffee facilities and hairdryer in the rooms. There were none. We requested a non smoking room. It stank of smoke and there was an ash tray in the room. The worst of all was that it was disgusting. It did not look as if it had been cleaned in months. There were broken electrical sockets that were showing live wires. There was an oil filled heater in the room but the power to it was turned off. The carpets were so dirty we could only walk on them in our shoes. We arrived at 9.45pm and when we went back to the front desk on complain it was closed and the whole of the downstairs area was in darkness. We slept in our clothes on top of the bed. We had to be at the Hospital at 7.30am the next morning, there was still no one about at that time. We had to stay two nights and it was the worst hotel I have ever seen. Do not consider this Hotel!	
Aug 2 2004	2 different hotel Bentincks- one is great	There is a Hotel Bentinck(aka bedstink) and the very pleasant Bentinck House hotel. Do not confuse the two- the one by Oxford Street is very nice.	
Nov 28 2002	Bed Stink	We stayed in a hotel that was oppodite the main train station in Nottingham.It was called Hotel Bentinck- we renamed it hotel Bedstink! It was awful! Four single beds crammed into a dbl room and a charge of £96. The brochure looks magnificent - the reality is a huge disappointment. The 'en-suite' bathroom looked like a prefab built into a shabby bedroom and I was afraid of what may be sharing the bed with me. (Be he alive or be he dead!) The bar below was the kind of watering hole you wouldn't dare to frequent even if DYING of thirst. Everything looked discoloured, dirty and dishevelled. Stay there at your own risk.	
