	a decent hotel in an interesting part of Delhi	If you are wanting a good basic hotel at a good price offering decent accommodation, inexpensive restaurant, internet access and situate in an old part of the city then the Ajanta does nicely. They offer free transport from the airport (24 hours) which is very handy when you are a first time visitor to India. The onsite Bureau de Change is an added bonus. Street noise can be a slight problem until into the early hours.	
	great hotel true value for money	its a great hotel excellent staff very friendly and helpful, rooms were clean n tidy and very close to public transport will go back to same hotel whenever will be visiting delhi again	
Nov 26 2009 	Overpriced- What a Rip Off	I stayed at Ajanta with my spouse and another relative earlier this month. The hotel is 15 mins by rickshaw to Connaught Place and is on a very busy and interesting street. We booked the family room and were quite astonished that the actual room was nothing like the pics on the hotel website.Those pictures are misleading. We were put in a ugly windowless room which is not up to international standards at all. The bathroom was not impressive also. The night when our relative arrived to join us, we were taken by the Ajanta staff to a hotel at the back of Ajanta and told that we needed to check in again. This was quite confusing and uncalled for. We had to be rude and grab our bags back and walk back to Ajanta''s front building.Like previous travellers who commented on this hotel, we were also offered tour packages. We were told that the price for just a driver from Delhi to Agra and Jaipur and back to Delhi would be £220 for 3 persons. Luckily we decided to visit the Incredible Travel Centre Office in Connaught Place before making any decisions and were shocked to be offered a package of £160 per person for a week trip to Delhi,Agra, Jaipur and Pushkar. This price included all hotels, taxes,driver, breakfast etc. We immediately accepted and checked out of Ajanta the next day never to return for the duration of our trip and I dont think ever to return again. Probably the best thing about this hotel is the restaurant which serves good food;yet it was very pricy compared to other hotel restaurants which had higher standards with cheaper but good food.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone . The staff whould also try to make the atmosphere at the hotel relaxed. We felt uncomfortable every time we came to he reception area because staff seemed so distant and unfriendly.	
Nov 23 2009 	value for money	good. user friendly clean hotel. rooms need to be more airy.	
Nov 21 2009 	Don't stay here	Don't stay here. They constantly wanted to sell us tours etc even when we had said that we preferred to make our own plans. My husband was using the internet and was looking at a hotel in another city, when one of the staff came up behind him said &quot;that place has no running water&quot; which was completely untrue, we stayed there and it was beautiful, plenty of running water, clearly the hotel gets a commission from sending people to other hotels which did not include this one and they are prepared to lie to you.. I also had the misfortune to leave my mobile phone in the room when we went away for a day. Luckily I got it back but a call had been made to a number I did not recognise. One day one of the staff knocked on our door saying that we should have checked out by now when we had already pre paid for that night and the following night so they were very disorganised as well. I have never posted a negative review before but I think people need to know what they are getting in for when they stay here. I could go on and on with bad points about this place...	
Nov 20 2009 	Require improvement	Positives:- Close to New Delhi railway station- Above average restaurant. Good value prices. (For dinner only)- Air conditioning works- Service OK. Didn't have much trouble with the tour manager.Negatives:- Website photos are misleading. There were no proper windows in my deluxe room.- Sheets provided not particularly clean- Bathroom not clean (see photos attached), cracks on the bathroom wall- Lift wasn't working on day 2- No hot waterConclusion I paid around INR 3000 per night for a deluxe room, it just didn't feel right. Should have paid less for a budget hotel, or pay more at a quality hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Good hotel in not so good area	The pickup from the station was rather badly organised - 1 car for seven people so we had to wait for a second car! Hotel is in the Para gang area of Delhi - not all taxi's rickshaws will go to the area! This is ok as long as you know in advance. But the area is being redeveloped - it had changed enormously in 2 years so this may change.The deluxe rooms are good - large clean and well equiped - but it is rather noisey. The staff are helpful. Breakfast is not included and the attached resturant is slow.	
Nov 10 2009 	Get a Rough Guide to India or Read the Trip Advisor	We started our journey at 4.00am on friday morning...at arrival to New Dehli, plane was delayed an hour....driver was waiting...no problems....reached the hotel at approximately 2.10am - we all were shipped into a small room to check in and also payments for our stay was requested immediately...after sending a number of e-mails for explainations on the rates a price was agreed however we were overcharged - okay payments were made without arguments - we finally went to sleep at 3.30am....my 14year old son was exhausted - next morning at 9.45am - phone rang - office manager wanted to know how we were.....at this point we felt we had to get up and go down. ..10.30am we went downstairs - we hadnt even reached the final step when the office manager greeted us and took us straight into her office to discuss our interniary and what our plans were...at this point, we were still jet-lagged, my son wasnt feeling very well - he also was hungry as well - none of this was taken into consideration...we were bombarded with questions - we had to tell her we need to think about what we want to do - if we asked any questions she would reply and then say I told you so or I have already told you - which confused us more - the service in the breakfast area was very poor - no one explained what breakfast was available....we didnt like Ajanta at all and wouldnt recommend it to anyone - we stayed at a reputable Hotel in Mumbai and the same brand hotel was only x2 doors way, if I had know, I would have rather spent my hard earned money there than Ajanta...we went to Ajanta because of the Lonely Planet reviews however, we felt, because, perhaps we were Indians, we were been exploited in the hotel as well as out...the manager told us not to trust anyone outside yet we felt we couldnt trust anyone in or out...rather take out chances out then in the hotel..we stayed at a number of other different hotels in India and Ajanta was the worst....it was all money, money money, I am in the process of writing a complaint letter to Ajanta Hotel ..I am not expecting a reply...they have our money....they dont need to reply....	
Nov 8 2009 	This hotel is NOT safe for single females!	At the beginning of October my sister, a single female traveller about to arrive in India, called this hotel on two occasions from the UK and requested a room booking for the night of her arrival in Delhi. She spoke to two separate members of staff, both of whom assured her that a room had been reserved for her. She then followed this up with an email to the hotel. She requested an airport pick up, gave her flight details and was assured also that this had been arranged.On arrival at the airport in the early hours of the morning, she found no-one from the hotel waiting to pick her up. On telephoning your hotel to ask about the transfer, she was told that her room had been given away to a party of guests who had arrived and requested a five day stay. The person she spoke to seemed to think it was perfectly reasonable not to honour her reservation merely because a more lucrative booking had presented itself.My sister was thus stranded, alone, in Delhi, in the middle of the night. She was taken to an office of touts by a taxi driver, who forced her to pay a very high price for a five-hour taxi transfer to Rishikesh.I wrote to the hotel and asked for an explanation but no reply has been received. I therefore do not suggest that you stay at this hotel, as it doesn't seem to value customer service or reliability at all.	
Oct 30 2009 	excellent value for money	well run hotel, nice and clean rooms, excellent restaurant, reasonable prices, good location close to New Delhi railway station, its really worth the money.We will chose it again and also recommend it to our friends.	
Oct 30 2009 	the hotel does not honour its commitment	We reserved luxory rooms 4 weeks before arrival, but they didnt have such rooms for us. Other hotels nearby give same kind of rooms and service for half of the price.	
Oct 29 2009 	Good hotel-great location	I travelled to Goa and Agra this year and must say India Rocks. We landed in New Delhi and stayed at Hotel Ajanta. What a great location! Right in the heart of the city. We walked to Connaught Palace-the downtown of Delhi on several occassions. The Hotel on its own was so self sufficient. Room service was good. I personally enjoyed the chicken dish at the Hotel's Restaraunt. The driver of the hotel cab that we took to Agra was friendly and knew a lot about Agra. The Taj mahal was awesome.	
Oct 27 2009 	terrible hotel high price	room dirty and old, water stops, very high price.not recommand	
Oct 20 2009 	Typical Indian exuberance outside helpful staff peace and quiet inside: best of both worlds	I stayed in the Ajanta Hotel in Delhi for several weeks in 2006/2007. It was an unusually enjoyable experience. The hotel is close to New Delhi station, where the special ticket office for tourists is located, and to Main Bazaar, a huge shopping district where everything under the sun can be had. The Ajanta Hotel is in a street which is teeming with typical Indian life, something that genuine travellers usually want to experience, while at the same time offering an oasis of quiet, order and cleanliness, which Westerners also often want in order to recover from the usual Indian exuberance and noise. Staying there therefore gives you the best of both worlds: Indian life and divine chaos on your doorstep, and safety and quiet inside.You could not have the same experience if you stayed in one of the super-expensive luxury hotels, which are located in areas and enclaves which are &quot;sanitised&quot; to such an extent, that no ordinary Indian is allowed in (&quot;no Indian life is here&quot;), and where you might as well be in a similar hotel in New York or London. Apart from the general cleanliness, which is a feature worth stressing in all hotels which do not charge the earth, I found the staff extraordinarily friendly and helpful. This is true of all their reception staff, who soon know you by name, and of the people providing various services, like the cyber café (where the guy in charge went to great lengths to be helpful.Wonderful staff is there to give you advice on anything under the sun: how best to travel to various parts of Delhi, how to avoid being overcharged by taxi drivers, where best to go to for buying specific items, how to cope with the language, and how to solve any other problems you might have. I was impressed by one woman in particular: Take one look at her and you know you can trust her - unlike the many crooks and spivs with whom the tourist is soon surrounded in other parts of Delhi.This is much more than I had the right to expect in any but the most expensive and exclusive hotels. But this one is NOT expensive and NOT exclusive. I noticed that it is used by backpackers, by business people and ordinary tourists alike, young and old, from all nations under the sun, and they all seem to be happy together.The charges are very reasonable by Western standards and for the comfort that is on offer.There is also a restaurant in which splendid cuisine is on provided and which is frequented not only by hotel guests but also attracts people from other parts of Delhi.I am very grateful for having been allowed to stay there and was lucky to have, by sheer accident, discovered this hotel in the first place. I hope these wonderful people, staff and leaders alike, will continue to prosper.Klaus BungBlackburn, UKw: http://tinyurl.com/prtd5ce: klaus@rtc-money.co.uk	
Oct 20 2009 	Feeling very safe as a women travelling alone	This hotel makes you feel very safe in a big city as Delhi is. The pickingup from the airport is reliable and very fast and comfortable. Rooms are big and clean. The best you can get for little money!	
Oct 20 2009 	amazingly friendly and helpful staff a greta value hotel	we stayed at this hotel 5 times during our 6 week holiday to india, it was a perfect stop off when travelling accross the country and was such good value for money that it made sense. You can be guaranteed a clean and quiet room for the night and a superb dinner in the restaurant (although give breakfast a miss). Mrs Ravi in particular was a great help when organising trips to rajistan and she also helped when I had a an ear infection.	
Oct 16 2009 	Terrible hotel	One of the worst hotels i ever stayed in, don't even know where to begin..First they couldn't find my reservation so they put me in a room on ground floorfrom where you can hear people on the street screaming while you are taking a showercause window can't be closed.After when i asked about some restaurants and shopping places, people from hotel saidnothing of that is working but they know very fine place to eat.. Probably some comission deal.I can go on and on...	
Oct 15 2009 	2ND worst hotel I stayed in	I went to India for 2 weeks in Sept. Traveled to Mumbai, Ahmadabad, Jaipur, Jaipur, Agra and Delhi. HOTEL AJANTA WAS THE 2ND WORST HOTEL I STAYED IN! (the winner was Hotel Sheila in Agra)The room charges are excessive for what you actually get. The hotel charge for every little thing i.e. internet access, breakfast etc (almost all hotels i stayed in offer this and more complimentary).The pre-paid taxi is overpriced, the tours they offer is overpriced and they insist on only taking you on the tourist trail i.e. where they want you to go (and this always includes the tourist handicraft shops).The photo's on their website is nothing like what you get. The rooms are dull, most have no windows, some spit stains on the wall.I travel to India twice a year and have been doing so for around 4 years now, my experience is the good hotels won't take payment until you check out; whereas the poor ones always as for full payment in advance (this hotel asks for payment in advance).My advice would be to skip this hotel and pick one of the 20 hotels on the same road. I believe as Hotel Ajanta are in all the guide books their standards have slipped considerably and feel they no longer have to go that extra mile for their guests.	
Oct 14 2009 	Not worth the room rates charged	Stayed here for 2 nights. It was not a very comfortable stay in comparison to the room rates we paid.1) Found the room a bit small -- the double bed occupied the entire space.2) The water pipes were leaking in the bathroom3) The room key did not work one afternoon. So we were stuck outside our room for almost an hour while the carpenter tried to get the door open.4) While checking out, the credit card machine was not working. My husband ran around for 30 minutes in search of an ATM and we paid by cash. So I would suggest others to have enough cash handy during checkout.Good points:1) The drivers associated with the hotel are polite and friendly.2) Near the New Delhi railway station	
Oct 12 2009 	Good comfortable choice for Paharganj	We stayed in a family room (2 adults and 2 kids) and a junior suite (2 adults). A friend of ours checked out all mid-range hotels in the area (in advance) and picked this one for its cleanliness and space. The family room was reasonable. It was a good size with 2 double beds (one of them circular which the kids loved), although without any windows it was a bit musty. The bathroom was OK - about what you would expect from a budget place (clean but old). The junior suite was done nicely with effort made and a better bathroom. The best part about it was it opened out onto a terrace which was great for enjoying a drink in the evening. Our main complaint was that there is a switch for the electricity outside the bedroom and someone came and switch off both rooms in the middle of the night (i.e., so we woke up with no fan / AC and hot!). Overall, Ajanta Hotel is a good choice for this area of Delhi. Just beware that despite its proximity to the railway station it can still take quite a while if you get stuck in traffic!	
Oct 10 2009 	An oasis in Delhi!	For those travelling in a mid-range or budget scheme, the Ajanta is a wonderful suitable option combining reasonable prices with good services regarding to food, connectivity, security and travel assistance - look for Mr Manik at the travel desk! -	
Oct 4 2009 	Very nice hotel and helpful staf	I stayed 6 nights at Ajanta and had a very nice stay. The staff was very helpful and even helped me with Indian simcard to my mobile. The pictures on websites are better than in real, but ex deluxroom are very nice.Arrangement made by the travel agency City capital was excellent.Next time, if there is any, I definitive will stay at Ajanta.Jörgen KjellgrenGothenburg, Sweden	
Oct 3 2009 	Comfortable first stop in India airport pickup a welcomed start	We stayed 10 nights. We booked the accommodation through an online agent with a special offer for airport pickup. Our flight arrived in New Delhi at 3am, and sure enough, the driver was waiting for us with a clearly marked sign. It was a pleasant drive in and made for a good start. Upon arrival and check in we were offered a cup of tea - nice touch. Our room was a semi deluxe, with a large bathroom. Staff were friendly. Guest needs to initiate requests. The hotel is located within walking distance of the New Delhi train station and there are some eating places along the street as well as a hotel restaurant - we suggest the vegetarian meals.	
Oct 2 2009 	My Trusted Hotel since 2000	was back for the 4rth time had a blast in delhi and great 2 days at your place,many diferent people new rooftop nice suite rooms and thanks for giving our upgrade ,my wife and I appreciated every thing the hotel and staff did for us,will be back next year same time .Special thanks to the reception staff for helping us book our flights and tickets onwards.	
Oct 1 2009 	Dishonest staff and misleading photos on website!!	Pretty appalling. Tours salesman pretty nasty and especially so when he found out we booked tours with someone else (better at half the price - try the Tourist Info centre in Connaught Place area - it should be marked on any tourist map - ask for Mustafa). BEWARE - this has a &quot;sister&quot; hotel, The Hotel Delhi City Centre . We originally booked there after looking at the photos on the internet, but the photos were of the Ajanta. The Hotel City Delhi City Centre was a real dump, nothing like the photos and when I challenged the staff they lied to my face several times. I had a look round and had to threaten to leave to get them to move us to the Ajanta. In summary, it's a cheap hotel and we eventually got what we paid for after pushing pretty hard (I'm 6'2&quot; and don't take any crap, so I don't know what they would be like with less assertive people), i.e. fairly clean but quite shabby rooms, noisy aircon etc. My advice is DON'T buy tours there, DON'T touch the mini bar (especially the water) and don't expect too much after seeing the website photos of the rooms!!	
Sep 27 2009 	Not welcoming and first impressions last......	We booked at Hotel Ajanta prior to arrival in India, it had mixed reviews but so did most of the Hotels in Delhi. A plus point for us was the free airport pick-up (which was fine). We got to the Hotel at about 5am after many hours travelling. The staff were unfriendly and after filling out the forms (which we felt they could have done later) they wanted payment up front. When we produced Rupees they wanted to know where we got them from, how much was the rate and if we had the receipt. We pretended we couldn't find the receipt and were a bit shocked at how in our face they had been about it. The room was semi-clean, and it had toilet paper etc, but no hot water. We also had no window in the room, except into the corridor.The worst part of the Hotel was the tour manager at the office downstairs; very pushy and in your face every time we walked in and out of the Hotel. We nearly took one of their tours (naivety showing through) until we met up with a friend (of a friend) in Delhi who told us that the Hotel had been in the papers recently for scamming tourists with the tours.We checked out of the Hotel early in the end, and would not recommend it to anyone. There are much better places to stay, where you don't feel like your are being questioned and under surveillance.	
Sep 26 2009 	Try another one..	Ok the price and pick up service attracts you at first but.....The room was too noisy I thought I was sleeping on the street and you will not find the rooms like the photos on website..Restaurant was terrible. They say not available for everything in the menu except rice and some Indian stuff..Breakfast is so called open buffet but there was nothing at all and you can not order anything else if you need..And do not ever think about arranging a trip with them they literally conned me. When I understood it was too late and they did not even reply my emails.I paid 12000 rupees for a trip which costs maximum 8000 rupees.And they demand for cash. The cashier guy told me that &quot;this is too small money give it in cash&quot; I think India became rich..So I would not recommend to anyone..	
Sep 26 2009 	Decent Hotel	I was a little bit suspicious of Hotel Ajanta, based on some of the reviews on here. However, the hotel was perfectly fine to use as a base to explore Delhi. It was generally clean, the rooms were a decent size and the shower was warm, albeit a little temperamental. The complimentary hotel pickup was very good. The first room we were given was a bit cell like as it was small, had no window and the bathroom looked a bit grubby but after asking, the staff were happy to move us to the slightly bigger room next door where there was a window and a better bathroom.  The hotel was a bit noisy but what can you expect from the location? Staff were freindly to us, and the lobby etc... was clean. The restaurant was fine too. Some people on this have complained about a &quot;pushy&quot; travel agent at the hotel trying to force you into overpriced tours. When we checked into the hotel we were spoken to by a friendly man in the office about our travel plans, but because we knew what we were doing, he didn't try and sell us anything (though the hotel might want to note that some people on this website have found this approach a bit pushy and unwelcoming.) Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Ajanta and would recommend it as a budget place to stay in Delhi.	
Sep 18 2009 	Not a guest friendly hotel	Please carry cash at the time of check out (credit card is not accepted in this hotel) else you will have to walk for five minutes to take cash from ATM and pay your bill.	
Sep 17 2009	Ajanta Hotel was clean and hospitable in an impeccable location.	We appreciated our clean, cool room in the hot season, and the friendly, helpful staff. This hotel has a lovely view of the Taj Mahal from the rooftop eating area, and the car and driver we hired to drive to Jaipur and back to Delhi were comfortable and clean. This was an excellent value and we would not hesitate to stay there again. We were a party of three adults traveling together, my husband and me and my sister-in-law.	
Sep 13 2009 	Much improved from the first time I stayed	I have stayed at the Hotel Ajanta on 2 occasions, The first was not a good experience however this was maybe because I had not prepared for the differences in lifestyle and other things. I felt pressured to take taxi's everywhere and lost money doing so but I decided to give it another go and returned.This time I found it much easier, the food was very good, the service was excellent and yes the rooms were a bit noisy but its New Delhi!!!I would recommend this hotel as its a really good place to chill out whilst aclimatising to this beautiful country.	
Sep 6 2009 	Ok but I'm sure there are better options for the same price.	Our stay at Hotel Ajanta was fine, but the hotel isn't especially nice. The staff were at times a bit rude and also quite pushy to arrange trips/trains/activites for you. The food was ok but the restaurant wasn't a nice place, although one night we ate on the roof and that was better. Our room had everything we needed but wasn't very well kept. The location is quite good, as it is very close to the New Delhi train station. Basically it's fine for a place to sleep and an ok option, but maybe look around for a better option first.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice rooms noisy location good for a budget hotel	We had a really spacious room, but was at the front of the hotel. It had very thin windows, so little sleep was had, as the hotel is located in the 'flea pit'/backpacker area', Pagarhni, of Delhi. The travel agent man within the hotel, is a good saleman and booked us 5 day trip with a driver around Rajasthan. overall a good hotelshort stay, but I wouldn't stay in Delhi too long anyway!	
Sep 1 2009 	A good place in the heart of New Delhi	A clean and quiet place in heart of New Delhi within walking distance from New Delhi railway station. The bustle outside is not affecting the stay inside the hotel. The rooms are clean and maintained. The restaurant seems to be good though I could not use the same due to my itinerary. The room service is OK but the time taken for service can be improved upon. The hotel offers one free pickup / drop from / to the airport. The hotel is reasonably priced.	
Aug 26 2009 	Nice and safe hotel in Delhi	I stayed at Ajanta hotel in several occasions. The staff are friendly and helpful, they help you organize your trips, you get safe taxis, good advice on travel. It has 24 hr room service and hot water. It is a government approved hotel, that means that you are safe in there. The restaurant has good food, you have breakfast buffet, which is very delicious. It is good value for the price. The location is also very convenient, it is very close to New Delhi railway station and to the Paharganj commercial area (you can go by walk) You can take an auto to Connaught place as well and it is quite close. A good and friendly place to stay in Delhi for a good price!! Plenty of foreigners choose this hotel as well.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great experience at an amazing cost	Oe has several apprehensions about booking hotels from another city. BUt what I saw on the net is what I experienced on reaching Ajanta Hotel.The ambience and the staff at this hotel - Hotel Ajanta make you feel welcomed and the comfortable stay thereafter is worth mentioning.Highlights would be the cleanliness and the prompt service. After a hard day's work it does make a difference when you enter a good, well kept, clean room. And then when you need something extra, it reaches you promptly. I would be making this review incomplete if I did not mention about their food. Give this place a try. You will come back	
Aug 24 2009 	Excellent Value for Money	It is really great value for money hard to explain in words. The staff is very helpful and what to say about the location it is just perfect. I had no problems at all, and being my first trip ever to Delhi i really needed a lot of guidance for what places to see, what to eat etc and staff gave great suggestions and helped me get around the area.	
Aug 20 2009 	Its an excellent hotel with great service location and value for money	We really enjoyed our stay, the staff was very helpful and provided great service. It is centrally located so makes it easier to move around the city. The rooms are clean and very good. All in all, i would recommend the hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	Service at great rates!	I had the pleasure staying at the Ajanta on a business trip in feb and have to stay the staff is way better than any of the large chains in country. any time I needed something it was there in minutes which is tough in India. a must stay!	
Aug 18 2009 	Bait and Switch	I am not sure how this hotel has rated 3 stars. Maybe it is the low prices, but this was not a pleasant stay. When we arrived we were shuffled off into a small room where we were told that they had no rooms. However the hotel in the rear of the building had rooms. We were logged into the books of both hotels, evidently as proof should we complain on [--] where we placed the reservation that they did not honor the booking. I believe these are the same hotels as tehy both use teh same systems and the same credit card machine located in teh Ajanta. The Hotel is in the nastiest part of town and has a club next door that plays very loud music well into the night. The picture of the front of the building is definitely photo shopped.	
Aug 10 2009 	Don't let the photos fool you.	It's a budget hotel and that's exactly what it is. It's a good budget hotel but their webiste seems to fluff things a little too much. So LOWER your expectations as in way way low if you want to stay there. When I was checking in there was a big group of rather unfriendly guys, it felt like some local government office rather than a guesthouse. And then another Indian guy kept asking me to follow him out of the hotel, I didn't know what's going on, some other guy has my passport.... it was a mess. They didn't scam me or anything, but having just just arrived to Delhi, this sort of disorientation at the place you are staying isn't ideal. I made two reservations, one for when I arrive and another at the end of the trip. I cancelled the second reservation.That was my experience and I stand by my word.	
Aug 5 2009	Good Location Rooms 	we Went with my own tour group had 10 of us occupying 5 rooms ,the staff knew what everybody wanted and we all had a great 2 nights here at ajanta ,this is right next to everything and a great location we booked this through sanfred travels and was a good decision.They serve food 24 hours a day which was great but yes we overate ,they have awesome balcony rooms overlooking the city and easily the best looking hotel in the area.They gave us an upgrade on our return from udaipur which was a welcome surprise.Kudos to ajanta hotels	
Jul 26 2009 	warm drinks	we stayed in July 2009 in this hotel. We occupied two rooms, one single and one double.The single had no window ! Room price 40 $ !The double had a fridge which did not work. After complaints some housekeeping boyscoming three times to look after but without success !So we ordered cola which came warm, same with mineral water. Not to forget the beer,They told us to go outside for a cold beer, but this also never came.A special service was a small bucket with ice cubes for 30 Rs !!The hotel has a nice roof top restaurant but what a sense without cold drinks ?After one night we checked out and went to the neighbouring Grand hotel which wasreally great.	
Jul 24 2009 	Mrs. Ravi Kher Again	This is the best hotel in the Pahargonj Area mainly in the Arakashan Road. The hotel arranged free transfer for us from the airport at midnight which was an excellent service.I visited Delhi in July. The weather was very hot with scorching heat. My son got high fever after arriving at Delhi and we had to stay in the Hotel for three days for his nursing. But we found the hotel very comfortable to do that. We stayed in 3 different rooms in the Hotel in a span of five days. 404, 215 and 319. Except 215 the other rooms were excellent. I should mention the name of Mr. Gautom whose cooperation we cannot forget.Lastly we would like to mention the the name of Mrs. Kher who arranged an excellent tour for us to visit Ajmer, Pushkar, Jaipur and Agra. Before the tour me and my wife asked her to give us comfortable vehicle and hotels, since my son was sick. She showed us the photos of the hotels in her computer. But we were a little bit afraid. She promised that all the arrangements would be as committed. During the tour we found nothing to complain to her. Rather my Father in Law joined us from Jaipur and Mrs. Kher arranged an additional room in Jaipur and Agra immediately. Again she arranged a good vehicle for us to tour Delhi in eight hours. I would highly recommend Mrs. Kher if anyone wants to tour from Delhi to other cities. She knows the customer need and keeps her commitment.I would also recommend Hotel Ajanta if anyone wants to stay in the Pahargonj area.	
Jun 30 2009 	MRS KHER	I had a very good stay in the Ajanta Hotel. I could recommend this Hotel to everybody. The staff is very nice and helpful, they are always smiling. :-)I also like to recommend Mrs. Kher (Travel agency managerin in the hotel, [--]) and to thank herShe organized my trip very well and I felt alsways very, very safe. I (women, 32) travelled alone. It was very nice and very safe. Thanks Mrs. Kher.I hope to come back soon :-)See you and enjoy itGreets from SwitzerlandSeraina	
Jun 26 2009 	Highly recommend	I was in Delhi last year for a quick business trip and wanted to find something centrally located and economical. I had never stayed at Hotel Ajanta before but was pleasantly surprised with the customer service and the room. The staff was very friendly and the room was very well kept, the linens were clean and crisp. Overall a great experience for the price. I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 25 2009 	budget hotel	I stayed at this hotel a couple of times with my husband as we had to transit in Delhi. The first time we saw the hotel, I was really worried. I have never back packed before and the hotel was in a very crowded area and I really did not like it at all. However, as I was with my husband, I did not mind it too much. But do not believe the photos you see on their home page! The rooms were not too bad. They were quite spacious. When our flight was postponed, we stayed an additional night and they upgraded us. However, I thought that the semi-deleuxe room was better than the upgraded room!! Also, I am not so sure about the staff at the front desk. Some of them are nice but the others... I am not so sure! On my last stay I met a lady at the front desk and she seemed quite nice. The rooms could be a bit more clean. We decided not to stay here again when it took us nearly 2 hours to go to the hotel from the airport and at the end of a long travel, we were not too keen to go to some crowded place! But I think it is ok value for money (given that most hotels in Delhi are quite expensive).	
Jun 19 2009 	Safe and very Friendly	They made arrangements for me to be picked up from the airport &amp; gave a nice meal at 3 am at night and woke me up the next day with the breakfast ready as per my request in the email i had sent them earlier. The hotel staff spent time to answer all my questions and helped me with all my queries. I will definitely be back whenever i am in New Delhi next time.	
Jun 9 2009 	Tickets travel and holliday thanks to hotel ajanta in new delhi	Myself and nelson and kelly from stellar trip management in the usa planned our journey to india and nepal with tickets to india plus our stay all with hotel ajanta ,being travel professionals we know we can be a pain when were travelling but we as a 3 team would encourage via this review whoever is behind the ajanta operations and say You guys delivered fantastically (if thats a word) we are your clients for Life !Very professional extremely hard working Team ....They did however take their sweet time to check us in but we reckoned security protocols are better adhered to than not ...Will be sending you a written recomendation soon	
Jun 2 2009 	sophisticated and affordable!!	Ajanta hotel is one of the best places to stay in Delhi. Not only is it cost effective but the ambience, food and the service is superb!! Definitely recommend it to everyone to choose this as their first preference to stay in Delhi.	
Jun 1 2009 	As a single woman I needed a safe and relatively cheap place for a few hrs in the middle of the night	I got into Delhi at 12:30AM and Delhi as a city has a horrible reputation for the safety of single women. I was greatly relieved to see the hotel arranged driver was waiting patiently as my flight in was delayed for over an hour. The only glitch was even though I had paid via cleartrip.com, the hotel guys said I had not made payment. However, I was able to connect to my bank and the call centre people spoke to the hotel receptionist and convinced him that my card had been charged. I was leaving at 4 the next day, so spent only about 3 hrs in my room, but it seemed a perfect fit for my specific need. The staff was very curteous and the room and bathroom was clean.	
Jun 1 2009 	Convenient location and great service.	We spent four days at Ajanta enroute to Europe and found this budget-priced hotel a great bargain with clean rooms and hospitable staff. The location is very central and the hotel provides good guidance and transport for city tours. We found other facilities such as free Airport pick-up,Internet, Licensed Foreign Exchange Bureau very useful.All in all we had a very pleasant experience and would look forward to return here on our next trip to India.	
May 20 2009 	Terrible experience	I booked a twin room in this hotel for 2 days via telephone (thats one way of booking this hotel). But when I finally reached there with my foreign friend, they said they cannot let us stay in one room if there is no relation. I tried to argue but there was no use. They shifted us to another hotel instead. The location of the hotel-Paharganj, is terrible too, no decent restaurants or cafes there. The food in hotel's restaurant is also very average. Overall, an experience woth forgetting.	
May 20 2009 	Clean friendly hotel for a great price	Stayed here for a weekend in Delhi. Location was good and central for sightseeing.We booked cars from the reception for both days - rates very very reasonable. Both drivers were reliable &amp; informative and the cars were in good condition.Only ate breakfast in the restaurant which was fine.Room was clean and bed was comfortable.Security seemed very good.For a tourist hotel it ticked all the boxes and was perfect for a weekend which was more about sightseeing than spending time in a hotel.	
May 13 2009 	4 Star rooms 3 star service and 2 star pricing	working for a leading international hotel chain I write reviews all the time on all hotels that i stay at ,this holiday trip of mine started with the ajanta hotel in delhi.Ask them for an upgrade and they mostly oblige and I wanted to mentally challenge their every claim so went to order their butter chicken which they claim is the best in town and I was blown away super delicious served with these indian naanaz.All in all a friendly stay everybody always willing to talk help lend solution t every issue i might have even though sometimes i didnt ask for it.I will surely recomend this hotel to everybody looking for great rooms and great food on a limited budget.	
May 11 2009 	GREAT LOCATION FRIENDLY SERVICE	For the Budget traveller with a long stay in India ...all in Hotels...this one really fits the Bill..Real value for money and easy access to everywhere in Delhi and the Railway Station on its door step.	
May 10 2009 	Never Ever Coming Back first impression was worst	I made a resrevation on Phone and I was told they will provide me Pick up and drop pff at teh airport so I cancelled another reservation which was near the airport. Pick up was horrible took time to get to Hotel then I was told at teh check in they provide one way only as either pick up or Drop off, have I been told on the phone when I made reservation I could have used Drop off as I had my car for the that time. They forced me to pay for the Airport drop off, its not matter of 400 , its matter of giving fasle information!!!So I will suggest dont rely on what you are told on phone get a written confirmation for everything and More over Dont even stay here , Airport hotels are much better, safer and more customer oriented , If it was any other hotle they could have accpeted thier mistake and provided the tranport as it was their fault of giving wrong information.Their Resturant is said to be AC but not worth sitting there its always hot some how	
May 8 2009 	Cant wait to go again	My girlfriend and I are architects and arrived in delhi and found The ajanta to be an amazingly built property with rooms which are so royal exactly what tourists would love,later we saw other hotels and realised that this hotel looks like the grand imperial hotel in delhi from inside and its rooms except its smaller much smaller and one fourth the price,I sincerely wish they would offer rooms with a view but I guess delhi doesnt have any real views to see.All in all great service and excellent rooms Will be back	
May 5 2009 	Good friendly for the Price n amenities	Its safe and reliable it is and that its a family run professional hotel and u took a tour to rajasthan and felt safe as they had a person in each city to help u and ensure u have a great trip... Car used for the 15 day trip was very comfortable and all hotels booked were carefully picked later learnt that they are recommended in all guide books for this travel agency called capital city travels ... I would however suggest that they should serve more sandwiches and other easy snacks etc rather than only restaurant food .,All in all good	
May 4 2009 	The perfect hotel for your stay in Delhi	Hotel Ajanta, has been used by my family and friends since 2005. The service provided by the staff has always been excellent. I have personally booked three tours of The Golden Triangle with them and recently booked a trip for my parents who stated that Hotel Ajanta made their trip a memory they will never forget. The hotel is very well run and the facilities are more than adequate. The restaurant in the hotel provides some of the best Indian food I have had in India. You can simply sit at home in front of your computer and plan your trip of India with Hotel Ajanta. They have never let my family or friends down. I strongly recommend staying in this hotel, and definitely booking your tours through them.	
May 4 2009 	Wide variety of rooms	The facilities are good and comfortable with a wide variety of rooms to choose from. The rooms are well maintained. Only problem is the location which is a bit shabby.	
May 3 2009 	Mixed feelings	The hotel is located at a busy lane near the New Delhi Railway station. Thats the primary reason I chose the hotel for my three day stay. Also, they offered a pickup from the airport (free). We arrived at Delhi airport on a Saturday and the hotel driver was there at the airport to pick us up. I was slightly taken aback by the appearance of the street where the hotel is located, being very crowded, however, the hotel itself was neat and well maintained. The stay at the hotel was comfortable. However, both the restaurant and the room service lacked promptness. The food quality was average. I think its best to avoid the travel desk at the hotel. The rates are high and no where near value for money. Another negative point was the fact that they did not accept credit card for final settlement and I had to run to find an ATM to draw cash in order to make the final settlement.	
May 1 2009 	For sure worth the stay	The rooms were comfortable, staff was warm and helpful. Food wad great and is centrally located to get around the city.	
Apr 30 2009 	clean safe place to stay-good value for money	I was travelling to India with a girlfriend and was warned by several friends about the safety factor in delhi for girls. We were greeted by a friendly driver at the airport and taken to the hotel. The room service was good and the fact that there was an in-house restaraunt helped on days that we wanted to spend time relaxing. All together the stay was safe and comfortable and good value for money. I would suggest offering non smoking rooms. The staff was very warm and friendly.	
Apr 28 2009 	Defiantely Worth the trip back home :)	As soon as I arrived in the hotel, I was impressed with the warm and sincere welcome of the staff who offered to assist me in any way I needed. Check In was superb and and done so in an efficient manner.The room setup was beautiful and exceeded my expectations to a much higher level.The staff from all departments of the hotel were very professional and courteous and always had a friendly smile on their face, no matter what time of the day,	
Apr 28 2009 	Value for Money	I stayed here March 3-9 2009. Check in was quick and painless. The room was HUGE, very nice and extremely clean. With a king size bed, there was a coffee maker, microwave and mini-fridge in the room. Bathroom was very nice with a marble sink, tub, shower with extremely hot water. Plenty of towels and toiletries! TV was excellent - with an extremely good range of channels Its greatest asset is location, very close to the popular shopping places like CP and Karol Bagh. Staff were friendly, efficient and helpful even though they were extremely busy.	
Apr 27 2009 	NO VALUE for MONEY	The room was neat and clean. But the TV provided by them and NO wi-fi connection makes u feel that u entered into some low budget hotel. No doubt a bath tub will be provided but i dont know wat they xpect us to do without proper water storage in dat tub. (there was prob wid d valve n culdnt stop draining of water)Even the water bottles, chips &amp; cold drinks provided in the room are charged, nothing is complimentary. And more over the food in the restaurant is NOT at all worth that price, bad taste and bad quantity.	
Apr 2 2009 	I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	Recently I stayed at Ajanta only to be ambushed on arrival by Mrs Kher - the inhouse travel agent - who arranged for travel for the remaining time that I spent in India - on the following day I requested that all travel plans be cancelled - which I was told was not possible - but was given a reduuction of INR 21,000 of total of travel costs - After leaving New Delhi I again requested that all plans made by Capitol City Travel be cancelled - and was ignored for a few days - then to be told that yes it can be cancelled &quot;but you will loose some money&quot; - I have been back from india for over a month and still have not recieved any refund from these people - BUYER BEWARE - I thought that i was just checking into a hotel initially - not booking a holiday - I would not recommend this Hotel or Capitol City Travel to anyone - check more reviews for confirmation of this at TripAdvisor.com	
Mar 22 2009 	Nice hotel Shame about the location	This is a really nice hotel. We had a free airport pick up, the room was clean with a good shower and the restaurant was excellent. It is only a shame that it is located more in the old part of Delhi rather than New Delhi as advertised,(It is a 50Rs rickshaw ride to connaught place) which means that a white tourist is some what a novelty. Be prepared to have more stares when walking round. I dont think I would recommend a lone female traveller to stay here. The room was very noisy through out the day and night; dogs barking, horns beeping and general crowded area sounds. On the whole a good hotel.	
Mar 20 2009 	An okay choice for a short stay and for the price	We stayed at the hotel for two nights on our way to Varanasi. We organised a transfer from the airport through the hotel and we had a seamless trip and check in.We booked a room for two people and it was a little small and cramped although comfortable for a short stay. They are clean and our shower was very good with plenty hot water! A bonus in India.We were not so overly impressed by the service at the hotel. We found that their quotes for drivers, taxis and day trips were very expensive. We never really got the feeling they were trying their best to help us. This is an issue with Delhi in general and we would recommend researching tours, drivers before arrival so you have options.	
Mar 19 2009 	Ok Hotel in Delhi	My wife and I have stayed in this hotel around 4 times between January and March. The good thing about the hotel is that the prices are quite reasonable compared to Delhi standards. It is also in a central crowded area close to the Delhi railway station. If you want a quite residential area, this is not a place for you.. The room are clean and generally well maintained.. They have different types of room but more or less all of them look same. So no point in spending more money on a higher room. If you arrange with them early, they also provide free airport pick up. But during our last stay, the car didn’t come. But they provided free airport drop instead. The room service is also quite good. But my major prob with this place is that the bell boys who hung around you all the time for tips.. Sometimes it gets on to your nerve.. Although the reception is generally good, some times they can be a bit rude.. From a safety point of view it looks ok as we noticed a lot of female tourists.. However I would be reluctant to allow my wife stay here alone, as the street is quite crowded and not sure whether it is safe for a single female traveling alone. Also if you are just looking to spend one night in Delhi due to flight connection, it makes more sense to stay somewhere else close to airport..	
Mar 12 2009 	The staff made the difference	Well, I have to say that all the EMPLOYEES have been so nice with me, caring alot about my staying...and this made the difference about my journey in New Delhi, making me feel comfortable and safe like home. Rooms are not like those shown on the website (on the website you see only the best ones ..:-) :-) , so at the arrival I was not satisfied about mine and they upgraded me immediately for free in a Superior Room N. 419 (this room need a real closet, the one inside is invisible a small hole). BY THE WAY, THANK YOU EVERYBODY ESPECIALLY MR. ARVINDER. I left the hotel for 2 days going to Agra and they let me leave my 2 heavy lugguages at the hotel. Coming back I had a Standard Room with A/C n. 218 with a very good bathroom just renovated, even better than the Superior I had before. Beds are comfortable. Restaurant is nice and good, closing late at night and buffet breakfast in the morning is 200 RS. I found very useful the pick up service at the airport included in the price. There is a 24 hours Internet service, but sometimes you can have problem with lines (30 min 30RS - 1 hour 60RS) The street is very noisy, very very noisy, so bring something for your ears otherwise you wont be able to sleep.Now one thing important to say to my WESTERN FRIENDS (cause i red some bad staff reviews)......the reception sometimes is a little bit messy, crowded, people come and go and you dont understand who is a guest and who is an employee. Probably staff will stop you hundred times asking you where you go, what your plan is....etc etc ...SO, DONT BE SCARED OF IT... ..WE ALL KNOW THAT BUSINESS IS BUSINESS, it is just the indian way to do it.....in Europe we do the same only in a different way...so my advise is BE ALWAYS NICE AND FRIENDLY TO STAFF...listens to what they have to say, and their proposals, anyway remember that the last decison is always up to you...To the hotel staff I should recommend to always introduce themselves and smile to guests before jump on them... :-) :-) :-) remember that some Western people might be scared and impressioned by arriving in the hectic and caotic Delhi.....so give them time to get used of it and make them feel safe like home.	
Mar 9 2009 	Not as cheap as you would expect altogether bad value for money	The main problem with the Ajanta is that it is run by a management team that has no centralised system of communications, so that you have to record yourself anything you pay for in order to make sure that you can defend your case when they do not find a trace of your advance payment.But what I found the most suspicious about them is the way that they charge you a 10% 'service fee' on top of the usual 12.5% luxury tax tourists normally pay. This dramatically increased the cost of accomodation, making the Ajanta almost as expensive as some 4 star hotels in much nicer areas of Delhi! Funny enough, one of the manager proposed to reduce that service charge to 5% if I chose to pay in cash, which I refused. Do I smell tax evasion? Anyhow, I have never seen anywhere charge 10% service on top of your room fee, especially since porters and others employees still expect to be tipped. It is all very dodgey and I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone unless you enjoy being ripped off.	
Mar 7 2009 	Fair Hotel for just a overnight	Our permanence in New Delhi would be only for one night. We wouldarrive in Delhi the 23:00 hs and the flight to Kathmandu would be inthe following morning and we found convenient the location and the free pickup in theairport offered by Ajanta Hotel. I found the driver very easily and itwas nice welcome to New Delhi by avoiding the grounds of all the taxi hawkers attn the airport. But a good clue is to buy the pre-pay taxi at the airport that cost 230.00rupees (about of US$ 5.00). You don't have to bargain with the driver!At the hotel the room was clean. Bathroom was clean. I didn't see anycockroaches or mosquitoes. I was quite pleased with my room, number 9,outside of the building.Seemed to be an annex. Unhappily the room didn't have a window .(??)But the big surprise was when we check out and we came across a&quot;luxury tax&quot; of 12.5% and a service tax of 10%, what did of the HotelAjanta a &quot;fake 4 stars&quot;. (just in the price of course!!)What should have cost US$60.00 cost us US$ 80.00. Also they charged us 400.00 rupees for thetaxi of turn to the airport. (turist trap).If you don't have plans for the nex day take care!! It will be followed in breakfast by a personnel that had tried to sell the anycost a full day trip for any place.Very pusher!!	
Feb 27 2009 	Bad start to India trip	Having read a number of reviews I feel relieved that many experiences mirror mine. Pick up from the airport was good, but we 'paid' for that by having a small, dingy room on the first night for which we paid appx AUS$60. Taken into a room and interrogated about our travel plans. We were backpacking and didn't want a tour, but they were like a dog with a bone and wouldn't leave us be. By the time we left, we'd gotten used to ducking for cover each time we saw the travel agent lady! Extremely pushy. Extremely nosy. Extremely bad manners! We couldn't leave the hotel without someone asking where we were going and who we were meeting, and where we were going next, and where we were planning to stay. It was a terrible start to our holiday and unfortunately put us off staying in any hotel which ran a travel service as we assumed they would all be the same. Thankfully we found out later they weren't. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone and I would never stay there again.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great Customer Service - good coft stay	Overall experience was wonderful, very comfortable stay right from the pick-up till the drop back to the airport. Customer service was great and the rooms were very clean and quiet gives you a feeling of staying away from the hectic city.Great facilities like neat and hygenic food at the restaurant, Business Centre, Internet access, Shop. Good food and quick room service.. I would consider staying at the same place again :)	
Feb 23 2009 	A Traveller's Haven in New Delhi	The best mid-range hotel we stayed at in India. Good food, good company, good service, and a clean bright room. Thanks to Mrs. Kher at the travel desk for organising a wonderful tuk-tuk sightseeing trip for us. Free collection from the airport.ANNA and ANTHONY SCHLESINGER, BATH UK.	
Feb 20 2009 	Ajanta Hotel Delhi: Good place good people	Stayed at Ajanta fHotel not far from the very central Old Delhi train station or a week or so for ain international conference I attended in Delhi. Very comfortable and clean room, very happy to discover free WiFi in effect, nice restaurant on ground floor and on the roof. I upgraded to two better rooms on the last two days when my wife joined up along with a friend-couple our travelling companions from back home.Mrs Kher and all her good staff made all of us feel very welcome, and we are very glad we set up our generic post-convention tourism away from Delhi through Mrs Kher, making our arrangements upon the group's arrival at the hotel. The Chandigarh and Benares hotels, and all the Delhi and other town drivers and guides Mrs Kher arranged, were fine. We particularly appreciated that when we missed our train one early AM due to unfamiliarity and tricky &quot;helpful bystanders&quot; (touts) at the nearby railway station, Mrs Kher promptly arranged new tickets, provided us a ride back to the station where she met us and got us safely on our way.Best time to travel India in Northern hemisphere terms: mid-late fall through mid-late spring. It was terribly hot and humid when we were there mid-sept to early October. Ajanta air conditioning made a big difference; it's optional/extra but midspring through mid fall be sure to get it!	
Feb 15 2009 	Nice Central Hotel	A great central hotel near the train station and a helpful Manager Mrs Kher who organised out trip to Varanasi. The hotel is clean and the staff will get you anything you need for your rooms quickly. Mrs Kher also arranged a pick up from the train station and airport. The restuarant next door is nice food was nice aswell. The street at night was illuminated with all the hotels and travel agents names in very bright lights. All in all always agree a best price be it hotel or tours or clothes. India is an amazing place. Yet like in any country buyer beware.We went around Jaipur / agra / Ramthambore and saw a Tiger on our first cantar ride. AWESOME.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great value	It was a great value and extremely good service.	
Feb 13 2009 	Great Holiday Experience at an Affordable Price.	we went to delhi in december to attend my cousin's wedding &amp; stayed at the Ajanta Hotel. the service provided was excellent! very conveniently located near my cousin's place. We were picked up from the airport by the hotel staff for free. on the drive from the airport the driver updated us on all the new places that had opened up such as restaurants, malls, etc. very friendly &amp; nice fellow. At the hotel we were greeted by the manager of the hotel who was really helpful in helping us plan our travel itinery. we told him that we wanted to see the Taj Mahal in Agra &amp; the Fatehpur Sikri Fort after my cousin's wedding was over. Our room was really nicely done and was very clean (I'm very fussy about hygiene &amp; cleanliness). didn't expect it to be so nice considering the deal we got. the restaurant was nice too but breakfast was a bit expensive. The location too was really cool. just 5 mins drive to connaught place which is the centre point of delhi &amp; has amazing shops &amp; restaurants. Janpath was my favorite shopping haunt for handicrafts &amp; junk jewelry &amp; colorful embroidered bags. very bohemian stuff at prices that are exorbitant but you can manage to fit it in your budget by hardcore bargaining. I loved haggling with the vendors! never get to do that here in Vancouver. The highlight of our visit to India was our Agra trip. We rode to the Taj on a camel cart. Darn exciting experience. it was our First camel cart ride. The Taj is the most beautiful monument we've ever seen. the hotel arranged for a guide for us to explain the history of this gorgeous monument. Excellent guide! he was very informative and witty. the hotel guy arranged for a professional photographer who clicked our pictures very artfully. After the taj, we went to Fatehpur Sikri Fort which is a very intriguing monument. its sitiuated on top of a hill and has this massive gate that made us feel so tiny. the fort has a white marble mosque where it is believed that whatever you wish for will come true and has had visits from top celebrities and bollywood stars. huge compound but very crowded. children selling stuff really pestered us. but on the whole a great fun place to visit. the ajanta staff really made our stay worthwhile. we will definitely stay with them again whenever we visit India again and recommend this hotel to everyone! Cheers guys! Thanks a ton for making our stay Memorable!Best Regards,Rachita &amp; Gang	
Feb 11 2009 	good value!	Booking was easy, got a great price for the central location in Delhi. Near the railway station, super easy to travel outside delhi. Hotel arranged pick up from airport, got me tickets for the train to Agra, set up sight seeing around Delhi, reccomended authentic place to see. They even have their own restaurant and travel agency, which was very convinient for me. Room was nice and clean. All in all, exceptional service!	
Feb 4 2009 	Not bad... remember to haggle with Mrs Kehr!!	My girlfriend and I arrived in Dehli and grabbed a taxi straight to the Hotel Ajanta.We were both exhausted from our flight and also a bit nervous about the start of our planned 4 months of backpacking before arriving in New Zealand.As soon as we arrived, we were ushered into a little room where we met Mrs Kehr, a representative of Capital Tours.She asked us what we had planned for our 2 months in India, and we replied that we were just going to wing it.She planned everything for us.A driver called Dinesh, who was a really fantastic guy... very knowledgable, with really good English.He took us around Rajasthan, to Agra then another driver (who was rubbish) took us to Khajuraho, Bandhavgar Tiger Reserve and Varanasi.We haggled with prices a LOT... so felt that we got an average deal.I must say though her first price (which we halved) would have been a HUGE rip off.The hotel Ajanta itself was well located in Delhi. The room average sized, could have done with a paint job and not that clean... but you do get what you pay for.Overall, I would say that it was a really good place to start our experience in India!	
Jan 31 2009 	Good pick up	We booked one night through Expedia for A$52.15. My main reason for choosing this hotel was that we were arriving at 10pm on New Years Eve and the Ajanta offered a free airport pick-up. The pick up from the airport worked perfectly.Our room was clean but plain and too small. It was like a king-sized bed in a single room. There are reasonable rooms at the Ajanta but you may be lucky to actually get one. The second night we stayed there, on our return journey, was better furnished but still too small and just stank of smoking. The clothes in our bags smelt of smoke days afterwards. It was disgusting.The final room that we stayed in before flying out was better furnished and more spacious. But that was after paying for a very expensive tour that we purchased from the in-house travel agent. There are six different standards of room according to their website and I do not know the standards of the rooms in which we stayed. Whatever the initial cost of a room, that is the place from which to negotiate a better price. Everything here has the rider of 'by Indian standards' and should be negotiable.The Hotel Ajanta is in a street of hotels. It is fairly close to the New Delhi Railway Station but with the degree of difficulty in just walking down the street, you still need a rickshaw or autorickshaw to get there with luggage, or back, start from Rs20. The area is walking distance from Connaught Circle, without luggage.The restaurant is small but quite attractive. First morning there was a breakfast buffet for Rs200 which was expensive, but convenient. Another morning, at a reasonable hour, we had to walk into the darkened restaurant and tell them to open up. The food is okay and the service is 'Indian standard'.	
Jan 21 2009 	Great service!!	We were in New Delhi last month for my cousin's wedding. We stayed at the Ajanta hotel for about a week and a half, and it was a great experience overall. The staff was very polite and friendly. The lobby staff went out of their way to help us find the things that we needed around town, like finding shops, etc. I would definitely recomment all my friends to go stay there if they go to India. Thanks Guys!! - Sunny Parmar &amp; Family.	
Jan 21 2009 	awesome time	very good hotel to stay in if ur goin to delhi u have a good time goin place up north ask &amp; it will be delivered at room thats how good the service was ........ you would not have lift a pen regards nakul	
Jan 20 2009 	Constantly mislead	I arrived in Nov in Delhi with my mom. We booked Ajanta online because it was easy. As expected we were picked up at the airport. The rooms were not as nice as the photos online, at all. We arrived late so had little choice. The next morning a woman introduced herself, we later found out she ran Capital City Tours, Mrs. Kher. She asked us our plans. She made us believe she was booking trains for us and mid range hotels. The price for 2 was $1700 for 10 days, we thought it was a lot, but it was 7 am and we were in a foreign place. Next she said it was complimentary to be toured around Delhi, so we went. That was when we discovered we hired a personal driver for 6 days. He was nothing but annoying! He would only take us to places where he got commission, fed our mind with crazy stories about being poisoned and raped, and complained about his job the entire time. He also was falling asleep while driving and refused to pull over to nap. Most of the hotels were really nice, one was disgusting. He was supposed to stay with us for 6 days - but we let him go a day early because he was so obnoxious. Then we were on our own for the next 4 days- nothing included in the original $. The last day of our trip we had prepaid for an overnight train ride and a hotel in Mumbai through Mrs. Kher. Unfortunately we were in a bus accident (side note: dont take busses most of the drivers are drunk). My mother couldnt continue to travel so we began booking flights home early. We called Mrs. Kher she was super nice saying she would help us with what ever needed and she would refund us our $100 for the last portion of the trip. It is 2 months, 3 phone calls, and many emails later and we still havent been refunded. On the phone she would say check in 2 days, it just went through, I'll send you confirmation. NOTHING. She fed us with lies to shut us up, so now I am writing this so people know it is a bad business and if something unfortunate should happen they will only lie to make you happy but not follow through.	
Jan 18 2009	great hotel	Stayed here in November for 2 days- friendly, curteous staff, clean roomstravel agency in hotel was v useful and got a great deal to stay overnight in Agra travelling down by train. Incidentally, hotel is v close to the train station in delhi.would gladly recommend this hotel to friends/family staying in Delhi.	
Jan 14 2009 	What a Gem	Traveled to Delhi in December 2008 from San Francisco last minute with a few buddies and booked the Hotel on a friends recommendation who had stayed there before.I was glad to find the hotel better than expected, and great value for money compared to other hotels in the busy touristy neighborhood.The rooms were clean and spacious, Internet connectivity was great. The hotel staff was courteous, with good service and helped plan our trip in Delhi. We were also able to book tours to Agra &amp; Jaipur through the Hotel in a private taxi last minute at very reasonable rates. On the way out our flight was delayed due to fog in Delhi and missed our connection back to the states. The Hotel accommodated us last minute for 2 days and provided to and from transportation from the airport promptly in the middle of the night.Highly recommended place to stay for travelers. Thanks Ajanta.	
Dec 28 2008 	Decent hotel convenient to train station	We had a really hard time finding a hotel in Delhi but chose Hotel Ajanta for its proximity to the New Delhi train station as we had a early morning train to catch to Agra. The hotel is not in the best neighborhood but I think you could say that about most of the hotels in India. It was only a short walk to the station and was quite comfortable, save for the extremely noisy neighborhood. The best part though is probably the attached restaurant. Breakfast wasn't anything special but after a long day of sightseeing, dinner at the restaurant was superb.	
Dec 27 2008	Great Hotel in Delhi	We highly recommend this hotel!We booked our trip through lastminute.com and then found www.hotelajanta.com and organised our FREE complimentary pick up from the airport.We booked the superior room which was very spacious with a super-king sized bed, air conditioning, TV, table and chairs, kettle, mini bar (with shop price drinks &amp; snacks), shower en-suite and towels.The restaurant was lovely too - proud staff, tasty food and bargain prices!About a 15 minute walk to Connaught Place or a cheap 50R ride by auto rickshaw.	
Dec 24 2008 	Overpriced but adequate hotel	We booked a deluxe room with airport pickup before we left for India. The airport pickup went well and was appreciated since we arrived about 2 am. The deluxe room had no window and the toilet leaked. They showed us two other deluxe rooms but one had no window and the other had a tiny window however the toilet didn't leak in this room. The TV worked in both rooms. The rooms were clean enough. The restaurant was adequate but nothing special. We used their travel service to book a tour and that went well. I would recommend Capital City Travel.	
Dec 23 2008 	Not a bad hotel but noisy outside	This was not a bad hotel and the rooms were fine - though we had booked two double rooms for two couples, and one couple got a room with ensuite bathroom and double bed, and the other couple got two single beds and use of a bathroom across the hall. The hotel has a pretty good restaurant and there is a shop selling bottled water etc just across the road. The worst thing about the hotel however was the noise - I could barely sleep all night because of horns blasting and dogs barking. Having said that, a lot of the other hotels I was considering booking seemed to be on equally busy roads if not worse. The Ajanta did seem pretty expensive for what it is - we paid the same price in a smaller town (Gwalior) a few days later for a much better hotel. Having said that, the Ajanta is probably a lot better than some of the more 'budget' accommodation available and we had no problems other than the noise. The reception will also exchange foreign currency and travellers cheques which was helpful.	
Dec 19 2008 	Better than the street; good if desperate.	Needed a place for 10 hours between flights (overnight).Booked it as they had a good website (with OBVIOUSLY carefully selected angles of photos). We were exhausted and were shown a bad room in some mildew corner of the hotel. No windows, basic bathroom, sterile vibe. So, went to see another. And another. Al the same bad boring feeling. Probably worth about 7-8$ a night if not for AC. But really just a very dark place with a nice (and far too busy reception with rather dodgy people). I you have taste and are with a lady, forget about this place for anything more than one emergency night.	
Nov 8 2008 	More than adequate	Hotel Ajanta was ok with us. After reading the reviews on Tripadvisor, my wife and I were apprehensive about staying here. Well, the airport pickup went without a hitch. They claim to be close to the airport, but are more like central Delhi, about 40 minutes from the airport. The neighborhood is the real Delhi, lots of interesting stuff going on in the street. We even got to watch a performance of the Ramayana in a small park adjacent to the hotel. Staff was friendly, but we didn't book anything through the hotel. You can avoid that kind of pressure by staying on a night-to-night basis. Our Superior room was a little small but quite clean by Indian hotel standards. In retrospect, the bad reviews on this site reflect more about Indian hotels in general than Ajanta specifically. We only stayed one night as a layover and this was fine, we got a little taste of Delhi with no problems. If you’re staying for a week a more in Delhi, it might be fun to treat yourself to a fancier place for a couple nights. But considering some of the other possibilites for Delhi hotels, Ajanta is more than adequate.	
Nov 7 2008 	We really like this hotel	We have been coming to India (so in and out of Delhi) continuously over the last 10 years and now we do business out of Delhi. Having tried the very cheap (100 rupees) end of hotels and the very expensive (£50 a night) we have settled very nicely in the middle with Ajanta. We have never experienced anything other than friendly and polite service, clean rooms, excellent food in the restaurant and all our business contacts are impressed with standards too when they visit for meetings. So we give it the definite thumbs up and will continue to use as our Delhi base without hesitation. Nicholas and Laura Barwick, UK	
Nov 4 2008 	Stay Away!	My email correspondence with this hotel should have been enough warning to stay away however I persisted and put it down to lack of English communication. Upon check in we were requested to go into a room which can only be described as a customs integration office. After this lengthy process we were advised that our room was available, numerous times I asked if the room type was the presidential suite that I had paid for before arriving and the check in lady advise 'yes this room type is the one you have booked'. Upon arriving in the room and further questioning of the front office staff it was apparent that we were not given the room type requested however given one that was three or four times a lower standard. It was also very apparent that if we did not question the matter that the hotel staff was happy for us to stay in the lower room type without refunding us the difference. After a lengthy discussion at the front desk the following day, the check out person reluctantly refunded us what was rightfully ours.During our stay we found the hotel staff to all be very unhelpful and rude. The lack of communication within the front desk was very annoyning having to report the same thing to three different people. The only thing going for this hotel was the friendly driver that greeted us at the airport. If staying in Delhi I would not recommend to stay at this hotel. There are numerous other hotels along the same road that be suitable. The rooms do not look at all like the ones displayed on the internet.	
Sep 9 2008 	Booked Stayed Regretted	Ok so this is a few years ago, but still... I booked the Hotel Ajanta for my first trip to India. I figured out myself how to get there, having read up on the various taxi scams going on at Delhi Airport!The hotel itself isn't bad. The rooms are not as clean as they can be, but whatever. My problems began when I told the inhouse travel-agent that I wanted to see Rajastan. They sold me a 7-day trip with driver etc. etc. etc. Needless to say, it was a complete disaster, and after the first day I demanded to be returned to Delhi, and I got back to the hotel I demanded my money back. After some serious arguing, they caved and refunded me. So that was good. After a second terrible experience with an organised tour (with another agency) I steered clear of tour agencies for the rest of my trip.All in all, it's an ok place to stay, they're fairly honest, fairly clean, but quite expensive (700rp a night). For the rest of my time in India I never spent more than 400rp a night for a room.	
Sep 8 2008 	Fabulous	My buddy from L.A recommedned me. I came to stay here with my friends. Awesome stay. Great staff and must try out the &quot;BUTTER CHICKEN, DAAL MAKHANI (Lentils).5 Mins from Conaught Place and late night pick ups available from airport. Above all we felt very safe and comfortable. Checkout the newly renovated rooms.	
Sep 4 2008 	Among the best I have experienced	Being an avid traveller I have travelled all over the world and have stayed in hotels big and small. Staying at Ajanta was a very pleasent experience - made my trip more comfortable and memorable. Location is excellent and ameneties are at par with most botique hotels around the world. However the best part was their customer service. They took care of me and my family and made us feel at home. What better can you ask when you are in a non-familiar environment with kids. Friendly, trustworthy and eager to serve staff - man, I will definately go back there and will highly reccomend it to all my fellow travellers.	
Sep 1 2008 	Excellent service 	It's really the best hotel you can get at an affordable price, good service &amp; at a convenient location. Kudos!	
Sep 1 2008 	Amazing hotel because it's got the 'People' touch. Unrivalled hospitality.	The hotel is run by genuine, warm and caring folks who actually welcome you as more than a guest. At Hotel Ajanta, you're family. Leaving you wanting for nothing, the management and staff have the unique ability to satisfy even the unexpressed needs of their guests. Highly recommended place.	
Aug 26 2008 	The worst hotel in the world I have ever stayed in	We were constantly arguing with this cheating hotel. It ruined our holiday and cheated us out of money. DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL. On the first day it took 6 hours to check in on a pre-booked room. The room had cockroaches and they changed our room but it was missing a bed. It then took 2 hours to get the bed. They also accused us of not paying despite having a receipt and they tried to make us pay twice.As soon as you arrive they make you see the tourist lady, a lying cheat. DO NOT buy trips from her. She sold us trips which were not possible and a car we couldn’t use due to Independance Day. She tried to sell us trips totalling 20, 000 rupees (£250). Thank god we took the cheaper option. She knew the trips and the use of the car were not possible but she sold us the trips, with no conscience, to make money. She then wouldn’t give us our money back. She also constantly lied when we were trying to sort things out and constantly changed her story. She was not sorry at all for her actions. I have never met a lady as bad as this lady in my life.There are a lot of hotels in Delhi to stay in and this is not one I would recommend to my worst enemy.	
Aug 6 2008 	Tried to make us pay twice for the rooms!	We booked two rooms to stay one night at Ajanta hotel on July 13, 2008. We gave our credit card number before our arrival for payment. After staying one night and checking out, the man at the front desk asked for payment again. When we told him we had already made the payment via credit card, he said that payment hadn't gone through yet so he needed cash. When we asked what if later, after paying cash, the credit payment came through. The man said that he would refund the money back! As though we are fools. We told him we it was his look out to check about payment and that we are not fools to pay him double.He also was going to charge us for food we never ordered the night before. We only asked for mineral water. But also tried to add in some bill for food items.The front area has been renovated and so were some of the rooms. But the pictures on the website was nothing like the rooms we stayed in. It was in much more dull.The door locks with an olden style key which kept jamming.My room was very basic with small bed and a small tv. The other room with a double bed had no tv and a mini-fridge that didn't work.Please be wary when you stay here.	
Jun 1 2008	Most horrible place I've ever stayed	This hotel is a joke. Don't stay here. I know there isn't much choice in Delhi of clean, decent value places, but there has to be better than this dump. Our sheets were filthy, the staff were HORRIBLE and very shifty, waiting outside our room until we left the next morning, and the bathroom was dirty too. Avoid at all costs. Such a rip off.	
May 29 2008 	Bad Experience	I have to say that staying in this stupid hotel was the most horrible experience in my life.i stayed there in 1st week of may 2008.i was picked up by the hotel chauffer from my midnight flight (only nice thing during my stay as it was complimentary as promised) . was escorted into a smelly indica car with no a/c. (i was promised over phone that a/c car will be there for pickup and drop by a lady who talked to me).the drive was smooth. i was expecting a big hotel as for appearence from what i saw from website picture. i was driven to a road which was congested , unclean, bustling with activity even in the midnight. i was ushered to the reception.( i was supposed to be given a welcome drink as the website promised . but i was not even welcomed inside). after asking for a room the manager told me to give my icard( i have heared about iphone but icard seems to be something that i cannot discover) atlast it came to my mind that it was i-d card and so gave it to him. i was alloted a standard a/c room. the hotel ppl navigated me into a labyrinth of maze and i was given room no 303 in one corner. it was a very small room with a tv and a fridge that did not work and was meant to hold a couple of fanta bottles. the door did not have a proper secure lock so i had to use my room key to lock each time. the bed was tooooosmall to hold two ppl. and the bedsheet which was given was meant for one and to be shared by 2 people. whole night there was light from outside glowing and we heared sounds of autorickshaw pying. so didnt get proper sleep at all.the bathroom was ordinary. next morning after bath (luckily luke warm water was available) and we went into the hotel restaurant which had no south indian food items . i was forced to eat badly burnt bread and omlette with tuttifruities in it. we had planned to go out so we gave the keys to reception and asked them to clean the room. we came back in evening and asked for keys. the reception manager was fumbling coz the keys were not returned to reception after cleaning. we had to wait for 1/2 hour to get the duplicate keys. finally we had to suffer the same insomnia next night too. and the worst of all when we asked for the car to drop us in the airport we were told that only pickup was complimentary and drop was chargable at a nominal price of rs 350/-. so i hade to once again fish out money to get a car since i had to board the flight urgently. overall it was a very bad experience staying in ajantha	
May 13 2008 	Decent tourist class hotel	Checking in was an experience. We were taken to see so many people when all we wanted to do was get to our room (Trying to sell tours/excursions/flights.....do not do it....sort it all out yourself as it's much cheaper)When we eventually got to the room, it turned out to be simple, basic but clean enough. Consierge tried to sell us an upgrade when we arrived in the room, but we refused. Don't think those rooms were much different to the one we had!!! Air conditioning and ceiling fan a must India in April and we had them!!!Restaurant was good for breakfast and dinner. Buffet breakfast only available when you arrive in the morning. If you pretend to leave a full al la carte becomes available hahaha...Try it yourself!!!!!Gave us a a lovely cake for one of our birthdays when we were staying there. Would have enjoyed it more only for the dreaded Delhi Belly, but that was not their fault!!!!!Internet is available at a small cost	
May 13 2008 	Treated like a Criminal	I booked a room at this hotel with a Nepali friend before flying home. As my flight was due to leave next morning, I only reserved one room for us both as I would have to leave the hotel at 1.30am.The hotel refused to give us a room, despite the booking and the fact that there were rooms available. The reason? Apparently it was because my friend is Nepali and male and I am English and female, and there was no way they were going to give us a room together, despite the fact that I would only be there a couple of hours.It took us an hour of arguing, being stuck in an office with the staff staring at us, before we were offered a room in another hotel. We were either treated like criminals or ignored like a problem they hoped would go away.I do not think we would have been treated like this if my travelling companion had been of another nationality. This is one hotel I will never ever stay in again (not that I did) nor would I recommend it to anyone.	
May 9 2008 	Average rooms very efficient travel agency	We stayed in this hotel for two nights first and one additional night after taking a four-day trip to Agra and Jaipur through the hotel's travel agency. First night's small room was a small disappointment, since we had reserved a semi-business room. However, the travel agency manager of the hotel asked as the first thing in the morning, if we liked/disliked the room and gave us another room for the second night. It was better. The room for the last night was ok as well, but the toilet didn't flush without first pouring water in it from the bucket. Food in the restaurant was average, but there are some well worth restaurants nearby to go to.Roof top bar is very basic, but internet facilities very adequate. The hotel has currency exchange and prepaid-taxi desk and a complimentary pick-up service from the airport (worked well).The travel agency in the hotel is surely worth recommending. We got a good deal for a four-day trip to Agra (own accomodation already reserved for two nights) and Jaipur (one night accomodation in the package) including airconditioned mid-size car with a very professional and nice driver and separate guides for both cities and a one-day sightseeing with a driver in Delhi plus the last night accomodation in Ajanta. Altogether very efficient, convenient and easy. No use for trying to gather the package together on our own with bus/train tickets and the hassle with baggage.	
Mar 22 2008 	Ripped off	i, and a female friend, booked into the Hotel Ajanta before we left England. neither of us had been to India before so i checked the internet and booked our holiday on there.on our arrival in Delhi Airport we were met by a driver who took us to the hotel. that's when we faced our first obstacle. we were given a poky windowless room. after much arguing with the staff we were allocated a room at the front of the building, this was also poky but did have a balcony overlooking the street. we stayed the nights of 14th, 15th, 16th and 17th February 2008, leaving at midday on the 18th. in all that time our room was not cleaned nor the towels changed. the roof-top restaurant was a building site, with no service at all. luckily we only used the hotel as a base. on the 16th February we asked about a trip to Agra, taking a car for the day. we were quoted Rs4000, which we declined. we found a more reasonable rate across the road.we had also booked two nights, 4th and 5th March 2008, so that we had someplace to go at the end of our visit to India. on arrival on 4th March we were told they didn't have a room for us. after much arguing we were given a room, windowless, but larger than the original one. as it was for only one night (we booked for the night of 5th March but was leaving at 11pm for the airport) we decided to make do.all was well until we went to settle the bill. (we had previously heard others arguing about their bills but thought nothing of it) we ended up paying more for the two nights than we had for our original stay of four nights. as time was pressing, to get to the airport, we had no choice but to pay up. included in the bill was charges for cleaning the room twice,.. it had not been cleaned whilst we were there. When we arrived at the hotel on 4th March we had already paid Rs 1000, on enquiring what our balance was i was told Rs1460. on checking out we had to pay Rs2430. i will be returning to India late 2009 but will not be staying at the Hotel Ajanta again.am i satisfied with the hotel, would i recommend it? definitely not!	
Mar 22 2008 	Service with a scowl	Pros - Close to New Delhi train station and about a 10-15min walk from Connaught Place.Cons - Service with a scowl. This place is terrible. We've been traveling in India for 6 weeks and the Hotel Ajanta is one of the worst we've stayed at. The rooms are ok (a little pricey for what you get) though don't expect to get your room cleaned. The location is decent. The staff are generally miserable to interact with. The seem to actively dislike their patrons which makes for a rather unpleasant hotel stay. There are better places to stay in Delhi so avoid this hotel if you can.	
Mar 16 2008 	Good location reasonable price	Not in New Delhi, but close to the main railway station and on the edge of Old Delhi, this hotel offers reasonable value for money with an airport pick-up included.. The location could be a culture shock if you`ve no experience of the third world.Bedrooms can be noisy, we had a large suite which was well equipped and no problems..Breakfast was extra at 175rps but very good. There is a travel agency within the hotel.	
Mar 9 2008	scams - watch your back here	when we arrived we were told we had to check in through the travel agent, he faffed around with our voucher in reception for a while and after a night on the train then the delhi tuk tuk drivers I insisted i would check in at reception not the travel agent. The receptionist told me they were check out not check in even though the Indian woman in front of me was checking in. Grrrr, had to go back to travel agents.Fortunately he could not do a hard sell as we were not even staying all night.Room clean, windowless. All we needed. Breakfast most excellent.Travel agent came in to breakfast and was trying to accost breakfasters for a tour.Lots of people loitering around on each floor. Some sort of banging/building going on in a room on our floor''Rooftop restaurant'' a building site, did get a tea and sat on dusty chair! View goodBIG DOWN SIDE - when we came to check out, they tried to charge us again, they claimed we were checking out after 12 - no we said, we're not due to leave till tomorrow, we are checking out early. Then it was, 'where is your voucher?' we gave it you this am, we said. They said they couldnt find it, although didnt really look for it and wanted to charge us again. Fortunately we had a second invoice, though not strictly the voucher and they copied this and let us go. Surely they must have a system, ie they dont let you in your room without the voucher, It is my personal opinion that this is a deliberate scam.	
Mar 5 2008 	Average	We stayed in a presidential suite for 4 nights. The rooms are a good size, the bed is comfy and the shower is fab. You have to accept that Delhi is noisy and the rooms are not soundproofed. We only used the hotel as a base and it is central. The room was never cleaned over 4 days, but this is India! We chose not to use the hotel's travel agency finding much cheaper deals elsewhere. They did'nt appreciate this and tried to cancel our room, but we had the confirmation and they let us stay. Because of that we chose to stay in a different hotel on our return. I would stay there again and it is a fair price. The hotel pickup was fine, but they quote $20 for return to airport. Taxi's charge 400 rupee's for the journey! £5 or $10. We chose a taxi!	
Feb 20 2008 	Terrible Hotel	Please note: This hotel is advertised as New Delhi but is actually in Old Delhi.We stayed at the Ajanta Hotel for a total of five nights in early February 2006. It was our first stop on our round the world trip. We were picked up ok at the airport and immediately shepherded into the travel agency by Mrs. Shah who dove straight into her 'hard sell'. Before we knew it she had charged our credit card with 47,000 INR for a trip to Jaipur &amp; Agra that should have cost about 20,000 INR. We argued that she'd ripped us off and she gave us 20,000 INR cash back and a further 7,000 INR when we argued more with her. Despite the rocky start, we were determined to enjoy our time in this beautiful country and had two really nice days in and around Delhi with our friendly, honest driver. He tried to take us to some emporiums but we stood firm and told him that we weren't interested. He was totally ok with it and we gave him a 100 INR tip and he seemed much happier with that.Our trip to Jaipur and Agra was great and both hotels (especially Jaipur) were nice with clean rooms and good food. Of course we came into contact with scammers but the best way to deal with them when they ask you if it's your first time in India is to say 'No'. They usually back off if you are firm with them.When we returned to Delhi we had the same rubbish from the staff of the Ajanta but just ignored it and ate in other places and hailed our own rickshaws (really easy, just raise your hand at the roadside and about fifty of them race towards you!).All in all, India is an amazing place, but if you're in Delhi maybe consider staying somewhere else.	
Feb 17 2008 	Basic but OK	Our first impression was that the place and especially the street it was situated in looked seedy. The room looked somewhat tired, there was a lot of noise from the street, and a family of pigeons had made the air conditioner their nest. Apart from that, though, the room was clean, the shower powerful and warm, the bed comfortable. Breakfast at the resturant was pretty good, dinner not so good.The hotel taxi service was very good and on the first morning, one of their in-house travel agents cornered us to ask if we'd planned the rest of our two week stay in India. We decided to hear him out as he proposed an itinerary around Rajasthan for us. Since the itinerary and price sounded reasonable, we decided to go for it. It turned out to be two of the best weeks we've ever had!We had one more day at Hotel Ajanta at the end of our holiday and stayed in the same room. Somehow, the standard seemed a lot higher and the room a lot quieter than the first stay. I think after spending two weeks in India, we'd just gotten used to what seemed noisy and chaotic at first.	
Jan 17 2008 	trap trap trap	When we arrived at the airport there was no pick up service, we had to call the hotel to send a driver who was supposed to be there in 5 minutes which ended up being 2hrs. The hotel is situated in a very busy and unpleasant part of town. Although the hotel itself does not reflect the outside there were plenty of blemishes: we had to pay for the supposed complimentary driver plus the expected tip. we were then escorted directly into a travel agent room instead of check in where he proceeded to rip us off by offering outlandish prices for tours and cars. The staff expected a tip for everything (Including pointing to your room even though you already know where it is). The advertised Wi fi did not work and i heard it still wasnt working after a week. The internet was slow and did not work most of the time which frustrated the tourists there, that and the fact that they still expected you to pay for the internet that didnt work. The exchange did not have enough INR for 6000. If you are hiring a driver be aware that they will take you to emporium after emporium and if you have any specialised shopping (in our case it was a camera) they will not take you to the cheaper government stores but to the more expensive stores where thay have commision. You will save a lot of money by catching auto rickshaws and getting around on your own. Although the rickshaw drivers do exactly the same thing if you are firm they will know not to muck you around. We made friends with our driver and established a quick understanding which saved us a lot of money and time. This hotel like others i suppose, will at any cost milk tourists for their money. Although it is nice be warned, be aware and remember that doing all your travelling arrangements is possible even though the travel agent will say that it is not!! the food is good and the superior and supposed presidential suites are good (dont expect a great view like the net shows) but anything under these are very basic. Hope this helps especially the first timers to india...	
Jan 7 2008 	Dirty noisy expensive	Dirty bathroom (hairs on the floor); noisy (carpentry going on at 9.30 pm); and expensive (I estimate 500 rupees' worth of hotel for 1200 rupees). I complained about the noise and was offered a single next to the carpenters for the same price. Sour staff and expensive shuttle (not free, as indicated on their web deals). Would not negoitate, although I mentioned their web prices.	
Jan 6 2008 	Avoid This Place !!	- A lot of rooms have no window- Room rates are far too high for he rooms and service provided- We paid rooms in advance but when we arrived one room had been given to someone else so that one person in our group of 3 had to stay in another hotel which was even worse.- They tried to cheat us with the tax by trying to charge a tax on the rooms which is only applicable on food and beverages- Bed sheets were dirty and seemed not to be changed after each guest.- Roof top terrace is a place where they dump rubbish and old furniture, can’t be used to sit- We saw many other people complaining about the rooms, cleanliness and prices during our stay.- The attached travel agency is very aggressive and trying to sell their tours which are heavily overpriced. Usually people arriving in the hotel will be asked to come to the travel office straight away. We asked them to quote for a 3 days tour and got it for one third of the price somewhere else later. DO NOT BUY TOURS AT THIS PLACE!!!- I can clearly say that I am not going to put a foot again into this hotel and can only recommend avoiding staying there.	
Jan 6 2008 	Not great	I think the only way to describe this hotel is disappointing.The room we stayed in was reasonably sized with a comfy bed, but wasn't particularly clean and the shower is best described as a lukewarm drizzle.The food in the restaurant is very tasty and reasonably priced.The location is handy for the train station but is a bit seedy and very noisy (but then this is Delhi so that's not too surprising).The worst part in this hotel is the constant hassle. The manager/travel agent is constantly trying to sell you tours, train tickets etc. At first it's not a problem but he carries on asking everytime he spots you, including when you're having a meal and it starts to get quite annoying.	
Jan 2 2008 	Tower of Terror!	We stayed here for 2 nights, 11th &amp; 12th December was meant to stay another night but didn't, read on and you will understand why!!Positive Location is only a 5min walk to New Delhi Train Station perfect for the early morning train to Agra Cantt station to see the Taj Mahal! (if you want any hints or tips on how to do it yourself don't hesitate to contact me).excellent free transfer from airport to hotel, took about 40 mins but this was in rush hour. Room 206 - massive bathroom and clean. TV, air-con (not needed in December), cheap mini-bar, hard bed (our preference). Restaurant served nice &amp; reasonable food however, if you don't like your meat on the bone then go vegetarian! No beer served in the restaurant but you can go up to the roof terrace and get a Kingfisher beer.NegativesNot enough toilet paper, I know it seem petty but why should you have to tip someone just to get the basics? The same went for towels. Why clean the bathroom and take away your dirty towels but not replace them unless you give them money?As I said earlier the food was nice in the restaurant, however the constant harressment from the waiters and manager meant that you could not enjoy your food! Also be aware of your meat on the bone, they use every part!No hot water at all on our last morning and when I went to speak to the manager he just ignored me and shrugged his shoulders when I asked if the water would come back on. This was the worst, constant building work on the 2nd floor - I mean all through the night. I think it actually started about 1am, you could actually taste the dust! It felt like they were building next door! When I went to reception and asked to be moved the manager again just ignored me. I had enough at this point and left, when we checked out my partner went over to speak to the manager who just stared at us and didn't say anything!I know that it's all down to personal choice but please do not stay in this hotel but if you do, good luck!!For our last night we stayed at the Hotel Palace Heights in Connaught Place. Please see review.	
Dec 22 2007 	Room cleaning optional!	Funny place - I've stayed in literally hundreds of hotels over the years, and this is one of the strangest. First of all, they don't automatically clean the room everyday - you have to request it! Secondly, they were renovating the rooms next door - till 4 in the morning! ... see photo. No amount of complaining made any difference. Although its close to the railway station, its very hard to find, and the website gives very poor directions.On the plus side, its friendly, reasonably clean and has a good internet cafe.The best thing,though, is the travel agency which the hotel operates. Mr Kamal Gupta helped me organise a trip up to Haridwar on the Ganges, which was very well run - and he suggested an excellent hotel. Thanks Kamal, you stopped the Ajanta from being a terrible disappointment.	
Dec 7 2007	Do not trust the travel agency!	We booked a hotel in Goa with the travel agency in the hotel. When we arrived in Goa, the hotel was disgusting, linen stained and unclean, swimming pool so unclean, couldn't see the steps, let alone the bottom.So, we called Ajanta to ask if we could get a refund, he said yes over the phone.....a month later, we are still trying to get a refund. We have emailed and called countless times and still no refund. We also found out since he was making 50% commission PER NIGHT on our booking.The hotel was not great either, poor location and our room had no windows!	
Dec 1 2007	Grand little place if they cleaned up	stayed here for a weekend,first room was on the 2nd floor beside some building site, very noisy and dusty, when i asked to be moved they reluctantly did so, to a far superior room on the 4th floor. It's in a noisy area and there is an open air venue right outside to the left of the hotel. The whole area is quite lively actually and this adds to the rough around the edges charmof the place.Staff are pretty gruff, but that didn't really bother me, just don't tip in those circumstances. The restaurant served lovely well priced food, and there were locals as well as tourists in the restaurant which is a good sign. It's reasonably priced if you are on a budget,with comp pickup from the airport and they also arrange trips to Agra and beyond.If only i was convinced that my bed had been made with clean sheets the first day and if only they had bothered to service my room the second day i would have said above average!	
Nov 22 2007 	Good travel agency!	The hotel is okay and recommended for short stays in Delhi however it is situated in an crowded an noisy area.I found hotel's travel agency very helpful due to it's capable, experienced and friendly travel agent Mr. Kamal!	
Oct 30 2007	It was an experience that I will always remeber fondly	Frome the very first moment we walked into the Hotel we knew that we were going to come back again and again. We have never felt so at home and comfortable at any other establishment. From the front desk staff to the housekeeping staff, everyone was very pleasent, helpful and warm. I would surely recomend this hotel to any of my freinds and family.	
Oct 29 2007 	Fawlty Towers of India!	I rate this as &quot;terrible&quot; because it was...er...terrible! Actually, Ithink the hotel is perfectly comfortable in a seedy, old colonial yetbohemian sort of way. It has one lift which I wouldn't trust to be infor more than 2 minutes, a concierge on every level who likes to knowexactly what you are doing and how many tips he can make from you in any one conversation and who'll report you falsely to the boss for trying to give you own clothes to local builders. Hot water was intermittent. Creepy managers near reception loiter to ask how you are doing only as a foil to get you to use their restaurant, their taxi services, their facilities. However, once you tell them you are leaving or are not pleased with certain aspects, they drop you like a dead donkey to fend for yourself. That said, their restaurant is pretty good and certainly convenient and their rooms fairly clean, although we slept in our own bed covers as the dirty marks on the sheets looked suspect. The most disturbing creepiness of all though was when a manager came to us on our first night as we were about to sample the delights of the street informed us that at night the road was not safe from muggers and thieves. I felt this was a strange, overkill way of getting us to use their restaurant. When we booked a second night (for convenience) they had hiked the Expedia price by more than double. If you like quirky, creepy, soiled and disingenuous, this is the place for you. What Expedia are doing to team up with these people is beyond me!	
Oct 28 2007 	Decent Hotel	The hotel was nicer than expected. The rooms were basic but fine for the price. Our room had a balcony which was great to see the hustle and bustle down below us. Was a little noisy at times, but that's expected in the city! :o) The restaurant food was delicious and all staff very helpful. It was also convenient having internet access onsite. Overall, I would stay there again as the location is great (not too far from Connaught street in Tuk Tuk).	
Oct 3 2007 	Great place to stay in Delhi	Firstly the location is just excellent. It is in the heart of the city and accessible to shooping and sight seeing districts.Next is the pricing. Real value for money. But I do not mean that is is devoid of luxury and amenities. Its a clean and confortable placeStaff is courteous and the over all stay was a rather pleasant one	
Jul 24 2007 	Decent hotel terrible surroundings	This is a relatively clean and organized place, but is located in a chaotic area near the New Delhi railway station. Be aware of touts waiting right outside the door!The restaurant offers decent food and there seemed to be a crowd of other tourists. Prices are fair, but if you dont have a booking, negotiate before accepting their offer.	
Jul 19 2007 	Over-rated Hoax!!	Noting the pretty decent reviews about this place, my friends &amp; I had the unfortunate 'luxury' of staying at this hotel. The airport pickup was on time. Checking in past midnight was almost a nightmare... Save that we were not in mood to argue with Jetlag setting in. The rooms given us were probably not cleaned in the last month. (and those sheets- ugh!) Especially the toilet. If it wasnt for the ungodly hour we landed there, we would have just picked up our bags and walked down the street in search of another place. (there are plenty of them on this street) The surrounding area is vibrant and full of life, though the dust and noise intermingles.The guys at the counter tried their best to rip us off at every turn, and I can only imagine how some of those 'good' reviews have appeared. The next day checked out, despite their attempts to intimidate us... and found a nice, clean place just down the street called Godwin at a much lesser tag.	
Jul 15 2007 	Horrible experience!	The rooms are not very clean and our air condition was so noisy it was difficult to go to sleep. I would never stay here again! and would recommend everybody else to stay away. There are so many better places on the same road.This is not a hotel but a travel agent! We arrived with a late flight from London and all the hotel was interested in when we arrived was to sell us one of their trips. Since it was our first night we thought we should be polite and listen even though we had made our own arrangements before leaving home. We were told that the route we had planning was stupid and that a stretch we wanted to take the train was impossible - although we actually had a ticket for it and the train was definitely running. We had booked a car to pick us up the next morning to go to Agra. We were again told in a rather aggressive way that it was ridicolous for a car to come from agra to pick us up to then drive back to agra, the only way sesnible to do this was to drive from delhi to agra and back to delhi... Further the hotel made every effort for our driver not to find us and when he asked fo us they even said there were nobody with that name staying at this hotel. There are so many other places to stay in Delhi, pick any of them just not this one!	
Jun 4 2007	Tour operator	After to have read positive comments on this website, we decided to book for 2 nights in this hotel.According to the quality of the facilities offered by the hotel, the price for a room is expensive. Moreover, on the spot, we booked a 13-days trip with the tour operator of the hotel Ajanta. We were very disappointed by the gap between the initial prestations presented to sell the trip and the real quality of the activities and the hotels. We paid indeed an expensive price to get air cond and hot water in each hotel, and it was not the case for many nights. In addition, we booked for a camel ride in a desert with a &quot;wonderful&quot; night under a big tent in the desert with local dances and a huge diner ... but once in the desert, the guy in charge of this activity explained us that it is not possible to sleep under a tent and he never heard about these local dances ... We decided to cancel the remaining days of our trip to go back in Delhi in to discuss &quot;hardly&quot; with the hotel Ajanta to refund money back. We are very angry to have paid an expensive price for bad prestation and, finally, to get bad holidays.	
May 23 2007 	OVER RATED!!! trust me..its crap for the price	Ok, I read the reviews about this place and took it for granted. Its not a bad place...but NOT worth the price. I went to stay there for 4 nites but only stayed for 2 becuse there are better hotels along that streach for much cheaper and better quality. I stayed at the Godwin. Much better. Food was excellent and the servious was fabulous. Ajanta didnt even change the sheets. ITS CRAP! absolutly OVERATED...Dont fall for the pics on the web site....just Trust me.They also try to cheat you if you check in at mid nite onwards...they no you are tired and try to manupulate (Just as the previous reviews stayted...they charged me extra TAX after confirming one rate and wanted full payment upfront. (Do not fall for this). there is no such thing as paying full payment upfront.Overall its an ok place, the airport pick was on time....BUT it is absolutly NOT worth the price when you compare the hotels around that place. I will never book the place or recommned it to anyone. NO WAY!! they are over priced, even if you think its cheap. If you are not convinced...stay there one night and then walk around and ask the hotels around you...check out the rates and the rooms...I bet you will check out the next morning! Good luck!	
May 17 2007 	Terrible place - bad experience	Our stay at Hotel Ajanta just went from good to bad to worse in the three days we stayed there. Here is an account of what happened. We had a reconfirmation (not just confirmation) from their reservation agent before May 1st regarding our booking. But when we arrived on May 1 at 2 pm at Hotel Ajanta, they had no idea about our booking. Our name did not show up in their list or anywhere else. So, they took us in as a walk-in customer. They promptly went into their marketing gimmick of showing us a really small room first and then a larger family room (Room 416) which was available on discount that day. The rate was Rs. 1500 in place of their regular Rs. 1800. We accepted it and took the room. The room was nice and I have no complaints about this room for the price we were offered. However, later on they must have checked with their agent and found out that the accepted rate between us was Rs. 1575. So, they charged Rs. 1575 to us the next day which was fine for me as that was the contracted rate. Their rate fluctuates depending on circumstance and the person in front of them - that is dynamic pricing for you.We then left for Agra the next day (May 2) with our baggage left at the hotel saying that we were coming back in a day to stay at the hotel again as per my reservation with the agent. The manager at the reception (Mr. Kaushal) gave me his contact numbers and said I should confirm with them before I leave Agra so that they can keep a room for us. I did so at 12 noon on May 3 by making a call from Agra and letting them know that we were arriving at 11 pm. Obviously their processes are not in tune with the needs of the travellers of today. So, when we arrived at 11 pm, there were no rooms for us and most were already booked. So, they sent us to a room (Room 402) which was a suite with inadequate bedding for the four of us but large open spaces. Seeing the room I knew that the room would cost a lot more than Rs.1575. They did not mention the rate to us while sending us there anyways. When I called them up to enquire about the rate for the room they said it will cost me Rs. 4000 for one night (again at a discount of course as it is usually priced at Rs. 4500). This was not acceptable to me and they reduced it to Rs. 3000. Finally after some haggling and fighting in the middle of the night they agreed to let us stay in the room for Rs. 1575 for one night. The next morning we had to pack our bags and keep it ready so they could move us to another appropriate room since this suite was at our disposal only for one night. We packed our bags and left them there and went for the sight seeing tour which we had booked through the travel agent who sits at the counter at the same hotel (the sight seeing trip was another disappointment which I do not intend to describe). When we came back tired at about 9 pm that night, we had no room again and our bags were still sitting in the same place where we left them in the morning. I argued with the guy at the counter about the reservation and our experience of the previous day etc. . Finally, he gave me a family room for that night (Room 316) which I thought would be similar to the first room we got and liked, but it was not so. It had fewer beds and less moving space. They said they would charge us extra if we wanted extra beds and so we decided to adjust with what we had. And then to our horror, we found that the cold water taps in the bathroom were dry. All we had was hot water from the taps. We were too tired to argue or get anything done as it was already late, so we just grinned and bore it. We resolved not to return to this hotel ever again in our lives.  Moral of the story: Hotels like these are not tuned to taking care of modern day travellers. Indian budget hotels have not grown up with the times where reservations are honoured. They do not take advance payments (I asked the agent about making payments in advance and she said I need not worry only that I should just show up). They are only tailored to take in walk-in customers. So, you better show up between 12 noon and 4 pm and you might have options to get a good room. After that, they will just chuck you into any room and charge you whatever they want, reservations be damned. I do not know how they got listed on Lonely Planet and otehr publications.....I did see a number of non-Indians who had checked in thinking this is a great place. I am not sure if they are treated any better (reverse discrimination....)  Regards Jay	
May 7 2007 	Good for the Price	This place was a pleasant suprise, I have to say. Everyone says Delhi is a nightmare with hotels and to be honest this was good at a good price.Room was nice. View was not so good but I wasn't for sitting in my room gazing at any view so that was fine. The bed was comfortable. There was a mini-bar, which I think the prices were fine. It had chocolate too. Television was fine- medium sized.Location is good. 5 minute autorickshaw from Connaught Place. I liked the area. It's a bit dingy but the energy was good. Such a stretch of hotels on the street, a row of neon. Found it nice to breeze through. A lot of people complained that it was dirty. It was a bit but the energy was generally good. Some stores nearby were grand too. There was a market nearby where there was a random security entrance unplugged and planked in the middle of the road. Strange looking thing.Restaurant on the ground floor was another surprise. They had a nice buffet and I liked the way they kind of replaced rice with porridge flakes in a curried pea dish. Very subtle and tasty. The evening meal was also nice. Actually had a pizza here that was a delight. Chai was lovely. It appeared to do a good trade too, which was encouraging.Each floor had a hall monitor type guy who ran to you when you moved. This was helpful but a bit crowding. The staff were fine but there was a lot of drama and theater with receipts and everything really. You stood there as they started to lose their heads over a simple request you made. Sometimes they just chased you shouting questions. They were good natured for the most part though.I can see why some people were a bit wary of the travel agency. We got the pitch there, well actually we didn't. They bring you in and make a fuss of you and then get mad as hell when you don't want their services even though you're upfront from the start. This is a bit of a turn off. Some prices quoted to us seemed to be really excessive based on us looking them up afterwards. But we didn't book anything so we have no need to complain about being burned. Be a bit careful with this one though.Also, when you get there shop around the rooms because the condition varies wildly. We visited a person we had met in Jaipur in their back room and it was something else. There was a full scale construction thing going on outside and I'm not talking that the noise was near. The construction was right there. If you put your hand out the window you could have gotten your hand crushed by some kinda hydrolic shaft thing. There was a backdoor to the room that was not the most secure thing. Therefore be very careful in choosing wisely. The computer room was great and fast. The taxi service as good. We got a good price to the airport compared to the fleecing we had gotten from someone else in another direction.Thanks to Lonely Planet washing their hands of the hotels and inns in Delhi in general our expecations were low and we found that this place was fine really. The staff were a bit hyperactive but if you insist on picking a good room it's a good choice really.	
Apr 26 2007 	The Ajanta is trying hard	I stayed here about 15 years ago and it was a dump. In March 2007 I found it changed almost beyond recognition. They are obviously trying hard to capture the tourist market. The airport pick up worked perfectly on both occasions I used it. Front rooms with windows can be incredibly noisy - ask for a change. Many rooms have, in effect, no windows but they are very clean and well maintained. The restaurant is very good and can get crowded. At present a lot of work is going on within the hotel and this can cause noise and disruption - and they need to get the lift upgraded! All the front of house services worked well. Room service could be slow but it was ok. The staff are pleasant and helpful. So far as I know you are not going to do better, for the price, in Delhi.	
Mar 5 2007	Great hotel in a not great location	This hotel was not my first choice, but the first choice was booked. That said, it turned out to be better than I expected and we stayed there twice for a total of 5 nights. It is family run and there are lots of people in the lobby waiting to help you. The hall porter on each floor is also eager to help: he is your main contact for anything you need, from room service to laundry. It is very clean and well decorated: exterior rooms have lots of sun and marble floors (and street noise). Interior rooms have no windows and wall-to-wall carpeting, and they are quiet. It also has a restaurant with a good breakfast buffet and the butter chicken at dinner is excellent. This hotel also has a travel agency on the premises that operates on the &quot;strong arm&quot; sales approach. While you may not like their sales style, the travel agency is reputable and can help you plan and book your travel throughout India.We used them with no problems. We also liked the hotel Internet room - about 8 computers with good connections at a very good price. One caveat: this hotel is a short walk from the train station and the neighborhood is congested, dirty, and noisy. But once you're in the hotel, it feels like an oasis.	
Jan 4 2007 	Only prepay if turning up early to ensure decent room	We read the good reviews for this hotel and thought it sounded pretty reasonable, but when we turned up at 4am (admittedly a few hours late) for our room which we had prepaid for, they must have given us the worst room in the place. There was a wooden board in replacement for the window, dirty pillow cases, hole-in-the-floor toilet and manky bathroom. It looks like we were in the only part of the hotel that hadn't been refurbished. However we only had to stay for 2 hours before catching our train at New Delhi (only 30R in a tuktuk to reach). The best thing about this hotel for us was that we were able to prebook all our train tickets and pick them up before moving on which was really handy. Moral of the story, if you turn up late having prepaid - toughluck, you get what you're given! I would go back but only if I could see the room before paying and ensure a refurbished one.	
Dec 27 2006 	Over-priced	We stayed here for 3 nights in December (2006), We arrived late and had arranged an airport pick up, but once we arrived at the hotel desperate for some sleep we were left in one of the side rooms while the check in staff stood around and talked, we were then given a talk about the services offered by the hotel, when we declined we were finally shown to our rooms.The room was clean and functionaly, though there was erratic hot water in the bathroom.The staff were of limited help and seemed more interested in offering paid services rather than giving helpful advice (They also have a member of staff on each floor who each time you go back tries to escort you to your room and expects a tip - we ended up trying to tip toe back to our room to avoid this)Dont use the pre paid taxi booth in the reception - this is vastly over pricved, go outside and get an autrickshaw (the pre pay booth charged us 100 ruppees to the train station, the autorickshaw was 20 and its only a 10 min walk away)One very positive point is the roof top restaurant. The food was fantastic, the staff friendly and very helpful and the value was tremendous.Overall, there are many better and substantially cheaper places in Delhi	
Dec 22 2006 	Okay but depends on what you pay.	Stayed at the Hotel Ajanta in November of 2006. Our airport pickup was there at 4am when we arrived, but when we checked in we were given standard rooms (no windows, no working air conditioning, barely functioning toilet and broken locks on the doors) instead of what we had reserved. As promised they gave us their 'best' rooms the next day, which they call 'presidential suites' but which are really just rooms where everything works. We were in town on business so we irked them when we said we had no need for any of their tour arrangements. I once overheard the matriarch of the hotel trying to convince a Swiss couple not to take another tour by a different company because it was run by 'untrustworthy Kashmiri's'. In India you have to take spruiking for granted but the Hotel Ajanta does take it to another level.They won't clean your room unless you leave them your room key. The risk with that is that you may not have a room left by the time you return to collect it again. Do so at your own risk. The internet cafe is functional and probably the best on the street, though the guy who runs it is always trying to screw you. The Hotel Ajanta is a standard experience for those looking for budget hotels in Delhi, so if you're looking for a more relaxed, comfortable stay, perhaps try somewhere else. Being in the thick of things at the Hotel Ajanta might be something you'd prefer to avoid. Delhi is full on as it is, and someplace like the Taj Ambassador Hotel might be more to your liking.Still, it wasn't a completely negative experience - breakfast is decent for what you pay, but avoid having lunch or dinner there. Guaranteed food poisoning.Avoid, if possible.	
Nov 17 2006	Not a good choice	We stayed in Ajanta with my s.o. in the beginning of November ´06. We definetly are not picky, but this time the hotel really managed to disapoint us.We arrived late at night and were given a small room with no windows and two beds instead of double bed - not what we had ordered and paid beforehand, and definetly not what we had seen in the pictures on hotels website. After a moan we were given a new room, which did have a double bed, but where there was only boiling hot water in the shower and where the toilet didn't flush. We complained again and were given the first, small and dirty, room again, for there were no other rooms available. Next day we moved again, this time to another room with a double bed. There were windows - which gave to the hallway! The personell started to work there every morning at 6.30, and as they were very loud and the walls did not stop the sound at all, we simply could not sleep. The bathroom was uncomfortable and infested by insects.Our room was cleaned only after I asked for it for the second time. Not one of the rooms had sheets until we asked the personell to bring them. This repeated every day. All the towels were dirty - really, all of them, also after we had asked for new ones.The personell didn't seem to care about us - they didn't, for excample, apologise once during the late night when we moved from one room to another and back again. It seems they simply don't have to do that - they had the hotel booked full anyway. Something positive? My mother, who stayed in Ajanta couple of days before us, was treated decently and transferred to an ok room, but only after two days of hardcore tipping.The location was ok.Summary: unclean, noisy hotel, where we felt ourselves not wanted. Could serve as a one star -hostel, but definetly not worth the price.	
Nov 2 2006	Good value if you don't mind being in the thick of it	This Hotel is above average because it is good value. We stayed in a semi businessness room for 1,300 Indian Rupees per night including a decent breakfast. The room was big with a lounge, coffee table and desk. With good light and an ok bathroom which was clean. A basic clean place with a roof top restaurant. It is in old Delhi so it is a bit full on as soon as you leave the hotel	
Oct 10 2006 	Vey disappointing	My partner and I stayed here for 3 and 2 nights in Sept/Oct '06 at the start and end of our holiday having booked via Hotel Club in June.Although we had paid for a superior twin, initially we were assigned a tiny room with no windows. After a moan we were given a better room with a shared balcony.The lavatory would not flush and despite many requests to get it fixed nothing happened and for two days we were obliged to flush it using buckets filled in the bath. The bathroom had a wooden louvered window which could not be closed. Overnight the bathroom was infested by insects which totally covered every horizontal surface.The air conditioner tripped about every couple of hours and each time we had to seek out someone to reset the trip. This was a common problem with all three of the rooms we had.After a further round of complaints we were moved to another room where at least the lavatory worked.We did not receive the ‘hard sell’ from the Travel Office and in general the staff were friendly but just hopeless. We witnessed several disputes at Reception one so severe that we were moved to an office to complete our check in. The Buffet breakfast in the dinning room was stone cold even at 09.00.Ignore the lovely pics of the roof top restaurant, it is a tip and apparently used for storing junk. There is, however, a sign stating that you can have a coke and a pizza for about a quid.On the whole very disappointing and by far the worst hotel we stayed at during out two week visit and by no means the least expensive.I believe that ‘The Rough Guide’ should review their recommendation which is prominently displayed all over the Hotel.	
Sep 25 2006 	Ok go for it	The place is not bad after all. I guess it depends on the room you get.We booked the 1st night through expedia and where charged 23 euro. The room (was spacious and with a nice bathroom but no aircon. Very noisy due to the street.The price would not go down, so we asked another room and we got a smaller one (218) with aircon, for 900 (16 euro) which I thought was better. No idea why the other one is more expensive.The restaurant is great value, the lady of the travel agency is nice but asks you all the time what are your plans, a bit pushy.The room service is fast and does not overcharge, so you can ask for a tea and get it in 5 minutes for 22 rp (0,40 euro cents).I checked some hotels in the area and this is the average, maybe even a bit better.They all loook great from the reception and then it goes down once you are in the rooms.	
Sep 10 2006 	Skip the in-house travel agent!	Good room, but wasn't fully clean when we arrived. Short walk to New Dehli railway station (7 minutes), but a fair step to Connaught Place (15 minutes). Reasonably priced restaurant with good food. Reliable internet and phone service. Only real downside was the pushy guy in the travel agent who offered us a vastly overpriced trip and then became unhelpful once we said no.	
Jun 26 2006	Avoid in Summer	On arrival everything seemed ok, but on entry to the rooms they seemed to be falling apart. We stayed for 4 nights, not all consecutively and eventually hadto change because of the poor quality. If you pay budget you get budget. Our stay was in June when the weather is hot. The a/c cuts out everyday between 6pm and 9pm. The rooms have fridges, which seem to be ornamental, they didnt fucntion!! The lift did not work alot of the time. Location is right in the centre with all the hustle and bustle so do not expect peace. Restaurant Service extremely slow. It took the waiters around 10 minutes just to give us the bill! Each floor has a janitor, they were the only pleasant things about our stay at the hotel. Very hard working and will attend to all your requests (apart from gettin the ac working). When we made our complaints no discounts were given, instead a 'deluxe room' was offered at the same price which had exactly the same facilites as the standard rooms, including a non functioning fridge and non functioning air con.	
May 20 2006	Noisy Poor Service Avoid it	very noisy, could not sleep at all, ordered eggs, came with shells, just avoid this hotel and as always look at the room before you buy.	
May 11 2006 	Awful !	ABSOLUTELY avoid this hotel : dirty, expensive, very unpleasant people, we are furious, we paid a lot and in advance, and our rooms had been given to somebody else when we came back from a trip to Udaipur. They invented an incredible lie to justify it, and were very unpleasant with us. You have to ask for your room to be cleaned up, (and just forget it for the bath), we asked for a presidential suite and had one big and one little bed, without any fruit basket, people always ask for money, we stayed blocked in the lift, we were given wrong hour for the plane trip and waited 4 hours in the airport to go to Udaipur, etc, etc).	
Apr 30 2006	the ajanta trap	con merchants seems an adequate description , the rooms are clean by indian standards , the so called free airport pick up seems to be a downright lie , you will be prssured to take out a tour to the golden triangle and the management will sulk if you dont book it...the staffa are at best indifferent and at wost rude....the floor staff will talk loudly all night just outside your room and will take every opportunity to ingratiate themselves , without actually being of any help.your room may well smell of some weird chemical that i presume they use to kill bugs...you can get much better much cheaper in delhiso my advice would be book a room for one night then move on and watch the management sulk...sorry ajanta but we customers are important and very few of us are millionaires , hard to descrbe how unwelcoming the staff are undernath their smug exteriors , incidentally keep your eye on the email man who will make sure you spend the maximum amount , take a usb if you need one and use the small intenet caff across the road which is half price and friendlyish.	
Apr 26 2006	Stay clear of these con artists!!!!!!!	Stay clear of these con artists!!!!!!!Do not make the mistake I did and stay in this hotel only because it has a website. There's far better options out there. This is how they operate. You book online thinking that this will be a great place to stay after seeing the pictures on their website. When you get there you're not allowed to have a look at the room before but you have to sit down and talk to the incredibly pushy sales woman who's trying to sell you one of their tours. You have to be really firm here as she will not give up very easily. We we're not interested at all in any of there tours as we'd come to India for a friends wedding and to see India on our own in our own time. She stopped smiling when she found out that we weren't interested. She took us out to the reception and said something in hindi to the receptionist sounding very annoyed. Probably because she didn't get us into booking a tour. Before leaving UK, we had booked the second most expensive room at hotel Ajanta thinking this would be one of the nicer room among their pictures on their website. However, as we didn't buy a tour they were't interested in giving us a nice room or providing us with good customer service. They claimed that the dirty room we were given was the room we had paid for. So, if you intend to buy a tour with these guys then you might find this hotel ok (but still overpriced) as they will give you the better room and suck up to you. But if you;re no interested in tours...STAY CLEAR OF THIS DUMP. I discovered a great place on my second trip to Delhi. It came recomended from other travelers I met. It's called &quot;Cottage, Yes Please&quot; and is located in the same area as Hotel Ajanata. It's very close to the cinema. We got a spotless room for 600 R.	
Apr 22 2006	Terrible	Dont make the mistake of booking your first few nights in Delhi at this place simply because its one of the only budget places to have a website! Rooms nothing like the pictures, payed over twice the price of similar style rooms you could get elsewhere. Dirty shower and toilet etc etc. Fair enough the airport pick up is handy and free., but this is more than made up for by the high room rates you pay. Just get a taxi and have a look around a popular central area in Delhi and youll find something better - i did this the second time i came to delhi a month later (after a long flight) and found something better for half the price - namely - 'cottage yes please' strange name i know but good.	
Mar 31 2006	Do not trust the Lonely Planet's recommendation for Hotel Ajanta!!	Like many others, I was duped into booking with the Hotel Ajanta because of the Lonely Planet's recommendation.What a mistake!!First, keep in mind that to secure a reservation on-line, the hotel charges you in advance for the room. You can imagine my surprise when I was met at the Delhi airport for pick-up an hour late, and then kindly informed upon arriving at the Hotel Ajanta that they had given my room (that I had already paid for in full) to another, but that they had a room for me in their &quot;sister&quot; hotel down the dumpy street.Unfortunately, the &quot;sister&quot; hotel insisted on being paid for the room separately, and did not appear to know much about its &quot;brother&quot; hotel (the Hotel Ajanta) up the road. When I complained about this the following morning at the Hotel Ajanta desk, they refused to refund my money for the Hotel Ajanta booking, and offered me their wretched breakfast instead.Second, after this awful experience, I proceeded to cancel other reservations I had made with Hotel Ajanta for later in my India trip. Although Hotel Ajanta has been assuring me for the last 40 days with multiple e-mails that they have processed my refund for these later nights, I have yet to receive a refund, and have had to turn directly to my credit card company for assistance. The bottom line is that Hotel Ajanta knows very well how to take your money and charge your card, but God forbid they give it back to you, even when they have agreed in writing to do so!If you believe that frustration, wasted time, and broken promises are part of any India experience, knock yourself out and stay at the Hotel Ajanta. I never will.	
Mar 6 2006	Good hotel seedy area	I stayed at this hotel with my son in January. After having read more than 30 reviews, with such variable responses, I was a little cautious. Many reviewers were angry at the aggressive selling of tour packages. We arrived in the middle of the night, and I expected an aggressive sales routine, but there was none. The room was plain, reasonably clean and cheap (for Delhi). I booked on-line for $10 US. The staff was courteous and fairly efficient. I did get a sales promotion the next day, but after shopping around, found a better deal (but not hugely better). I simply declined, and that was the end. The restaurant was good, although the breakfast buffet was expensive, and it was much cheaper to simply order a parantha from the menu. I would recommend this hotel, but the surrounding area is quite dirty and possibly shocking for someone new to India.	
Feb 13 2006	You get what you pay for	I stayed at Hotel Ajanta this Feb 2006. Basically, you get what you pay for. The hotel is old but clean. The rooms are very basic but do have a television with cable. The hotel has a money changer, internet cafe, travel agent and a pretty good restaurant all under one roof. There were many foreign tourists there from all over the world who seemed pretty happy there. The one major drawback is the area in which the hotel is located which is Paharganj and is a total dump. However, the hotel will arrange a car/rickshaw for you to get you out of the area as easiliy as possible. I suggest taking your own blanket, soap, towel and an extra sheet if you are picky. These are things which will make your stay at this hotel more comfortable. If you can afford to stay in an area other than Paharganj I would do so because the rest of Dehli is actually very nice. But if you are on a budget, the Ajanta has a lot to offer.One more thing, if you do rent a car and driver from the hotel. Be firm with you driver. Our driver kept trying to take us to the &quot;Tourist&quot; shops (Cottage Industries, Gov't approved etc.) and these shops charge you more than double than the price in the markets. The driver pretty much refused to take us to any local markets without first having us waste our time at these &quot;gov't approved&quot; markets. Hope you have a great time in Delhi	
Feb 13 2006	Ajanta Hotel -Nice but couple of things to watch out for	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Ajanta hotel in Delhi in Jan 06. Its convenient for the station and sights of New and Old Delhi and a nice haven from the bustle of the Ram Nagar area outside, Food's OK - nothing spectacular, and they gave us a complimentary pick up from the airport. I would recommend it but watch out for a few things:1) Make sure the room you are given is the standard you have booked and are paying for. We got shown a &quot;nice quiet room&quot; (windowless) but which was clearly not the Semi Business Double we had booked and were quoted for.2) We did not use their travel agency services, but found them overly persistent and pressurising. They will try and catch you with your guard down when you check in and give you the hard sell before you get to see your room or key. Say no and demand your room NOW! They also used the old &quot;delhi isn't safe - you must book all your cars etc through us&quot; tactic. Good practice for the level of touting in India generally, but you could do without it from inside your hotel.3) When we left we booked a taxi (through the hotel's taxi desk) to take us to the airport and strangely found ourselves giving a lift to the hotel rep who was travelling to the airport to pick up some other newly arriving guests. This is how they afford to give complementary airport pick-ups - by getting departing guests to pay for the taxi. Dead cheeky!	
Jan 18 2006	Nothing special but not expensive	First, I really appreciated the free airport pickup.Second, the neighborhood leaves much to be desired. Granted, we were leaving from the nearby New Delhi train station the next day, so it was all we needed. Still, not a place I'd love to spend time in.The rooms were OK, especially given the price. I too was put off by the touting of tours -- especially during my phone call from the U.S. to book the room!	
Nov 24 2005	Rude Management	I had booked six rooms for myself &amp; my colleages. On arrival at the hotel, they didn't have the right rooms as we booked for and one of the room was not available for my friend. We had asked to see the owner/manager Mr Arya. When we confronted Mr Arya, he just ignored us &amp; didn't even bother to solve the problem of accomodating us. I think in view of attracting foreign customers through their joint travel agency service, the whole management of this hotel is terrible. The hotel is overpriced for the service it gives. Better off getting hotels (Godwin/Crystal/Yuvraj etc)nearby with better service &amp; cheaper.	
Aug 11 2005 	Can Not Trust	The hotel staff taking my reservation on the phone was rude and sounding as if doing me a favour (ok, I can understand that a low-grade hotel cannot afford to hire polite staff). So far so good. Then he wanted to charge to me for my airport pickup request (their website says its free) so I declined the pickup. Inspite of offering my credit card details to confirm the reservation, he said will hold my reservation without the card details. I informed that I will check in after midnite.Upon reaching the hotel, I found the same staff who took my reservation on phone. First he declined he had any reservation in my name. When I insisted on seeing the reservation register and found my name in it, he gave the following assorted reasons for not having a room for me:1. You arrived late.2. Your reservation is for the following day, not today.3. You didn't use our airport pickup4. You didn't provide us with your card details.5. You didn't email to confirm the reservation.He offered to put me up in his friend's hotel next door (a shabby room at exorbitant price) for the night and move me into his property the following morning. As it was midnite, I reluctantly agreed. The next day he flatly refused to check me in at his property. I noticed that other guests at the hotel reception area were being treated extremely well and offered rooms. I was not because:1. I am not white skin2. I don't hold an American or European passport3. I was not going pay in dollars but in Indian rupees.Reserve your stay here at your own risk.Kumar3.	
Jul 8 2005	You get what you pay for.	There seems to be a lot of room for differences in quality of your stay here based on which room and/or floor you are on. My room was nothing great, but acceptably clean except for the serious musty smell of the mattress and curtains. My air con worked fine, but a woman on the 3rd floor (I was on the 2nd) said she had to choose between being very hot all night, or trying to sleep over the racket from her air conditioner. The airport pickup worked well, which is a big advantage. But I thought the onsite travel agency was a bit pushy. The restaurant was quite good, and reasonably priced. Overall, this is a decent deal for the money, especially in Delhi, where prices can be outrageous. Definitely ask to see the room before checking in, and don't be afraid to ask for another room if you don't like the first one you see.	
May 30 2005	Free Airport transfer close to Train Station	We arrived in the middle of the night at Delhi airport and had a 7am train to the Punjab the following morning. We booked the hotel very easily on expedia and arranged a free hotel pick-up (not detailed on expedia but on their website). They were there waiting for us and took us safely to the Hotel (we therefore avoided the much commented on Delhi airport scrum of Taxi drivers). Given that we paid £27 for a room for 3 of us the pickup was worth that alone (it is a fair whack to the airport). We spent only about 4 hours in the hotel room which had no window but for somewhere clean to put our head and it was fine. Check in was fine and friendly. The station was an 'enlightening' 5-10 minute walk at 6am but being so close made catching the train very easy. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want somewhere to put your head on day one for an easy exit to the train station but not exactly the place to have a long relaxing holiday and I don't recognise the photo on expedia. The photo from the window posted on trip advisor is a good reflection of the neighborhood we saw.	
Apr 20 2005	An OK hotel in one of the worst locations in Delhi	We have just returned from a one week stay at the hotel. We had a windowless room that was passable. It's clean and decent. However, the staff walking the hallways are loud and disturb your sleep. The lobby is narrow and long and I guess because of construction, dining is also there.The staff at Hotel Ajanta tried to sell us overpriced packages to visit Jaipur and Agra and tried to convince us that this was a better deal. It's cheaper to take the Shatabdi express and do day trips to each city. There are a number of staff during the evening and it is fair to say, they all hover around you and some of them need to know your personal business, and your day plan.The Internet Café was perhaps one of the best facilities that the hotel offers. The location of the hotel is unfortunately unappealing. Outside, the street is filthy and narrow, packed with cars, rickshaws, vendors, taxi drivers and everything else imaginable. The staff is super-nice only when you do things their way, but don't be fooled. They're are there to take your money. Buyers beware!The room was clean and decent. Seeing the room for the first time, I was extremely pleased, especially since I feared the worst from its outside appearance. As they say, never judge a book by its cover. The service in the restaurant is extremely slow. My husband and I ordered at the same time. About ten minutes later, a couple arrived. It was ten minutes after everybody was served, that I received my order and by then the toast had turned into &quot;biscotti&quot;.Overall, I wouldn't not stay at this hotel again and would not recommend it.	
Apr 17 2005	poor value	We have been backpacking round India for over a month and got the Ajanta hotel from TripAdvisor. The room rates are variable, they charge what they like. The reception is pushy, they try to sell you a tour of Jaipur and Agras, as soon as you arrive, by taxi for 12000 rps for 2 people which is certainly not good value even with accomodation - you can do the round trip by train for just over 3000 + accomodation at 200-350 per night for decent places.The rooms are clean(ish) but a bit pokey and the shared toilets are dirty. The final nail in the coffin is the staff, one guy who always seemed to be hanging around just outside our door had the cheek to demand a tip for &quot;my good service&quot; when we were leaving despite the fact that he had done nothing more than say good morning to me!We have to go back through Delhi and we won't be staying here.	
Mar 9 2005	Pros 		
Dec 31 2004 	Ajanta Hotel		
Dec 31 2004 	??????????		
Nov 21 2009 	gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Nov 5 2009 	Sehr gut und jeder Zeit wieder		
Oct 26 2009 	ottimo il prezzo....ma non del tutto confortevole		
Jul 19 2009 	Le luxe à petit prix!		
Jun 26 2009 	Bien situé et bien tenu - Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Apr 24 2009 	bof		
Feb 27 2009 	pour les chambres ce n		
Feb 14 2009 	Hôtel impeccable		
Dec 21 2008 	Horrible ni se os ocurra		
Nov 11 2008 	beurk bruyant arnaque		
Oct 22 2008 	a eviter!!!		
Sep 17 2008 	??????????		
Sep 15 2008 	hotel a fuire  croyez moi		
Feb 1 2008 	Im Ajanta haben wir uns wohlgefühlt		
Nov 18 2007 	engaños continuos		
Sep 12 2007 	Zimmer und Preise genau checken!		
