Oct 26 2009 	Dont bother!	We paid for the best room ! - The electricity was constantly going off for long periods. OK this may be part of the Indian way but why advertise it as 24/7 electricity. Even when the electricity was on the shower NEVER worked - not good for the price of the room!!it was dirty and grubbyThe staff were unfriendly and rude.The only decent person there was in the roof top restaurant - he was a really nice chapDont go there - spend your money elsewhere!!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great value place for backpackers	A great place to stay for backpackers and those travelling on a budget- probably one of the more decent choices in the area as the adjacent hotels we had seen were disgusting. We paid 700 INR a night for a double room which was clean with a/c, hot water, and even a plasma screen tv! Great value for money. The hotel had a relaxed communal area with pool tables, a German bakery and cheap internet/ wifi service. The only thing I didn't like was the food service in which I found the staff quite slack and the orders took ages to arrive.The location is fine if you want to be part of the hustle and bustle (the hotel is surrounded by local bazaars), but if not it can be quite chaotic. Generally, Ajay Guest House offers good budget accomodation and I would definately return there again.	
Jun 13 2009 	basic accomodation - Good area	We have stayed at Ajay's 2 times and would stay there again.It is basic accomodation in the busy Paharganj area.The rooms can be a bit gloomy and typical indian bedding ( thin mattreses) but you get what you pay for.The bathrooms do have a western toilet and hot and cold water which is another bonus.They also have cheap internet on site and a travel desk to book tours and change money. The restaurant down stairs is alway busy and has nice toasted sandwiches and cakes they call it the german bakery.If you want to stay in the paharganj area then this is in the middle of the hustle and bustle and is ok for the price ( the prices have gone up since i stayed there last).	
Feb 27 2009 	Terrible Terrible Terrible	We had made a reservation via e-mail based on recommendations in a guide book. Our reservation and price were confirmed as were our travel arrangements. However, when we arrived after an overnight train, we were told the only room available was double the price we agreed. The staff were rude, aggressive, totally unwilling to explain to us why the reservation had not been held. They accused us of not having made a reservation and then when we could prove we had, they then told us we were too late arriving, 90 mins after our train was due to arrive at a station 40 mins away, even though they had our train details. The room we were offered did appear clean, however, it was the appalling manner in which we were treated which left a lasting impression. If you are staying here, confirm, re confirm, print your e-mails from them and have a back up plan.	
Jan 15 2009 	Everything a backpacker guest house should be and more!	I have regularly stayed at the Ajay hotel over the past 10 years, mostly in the budget rooms (basic: room, bed, bathroom - that's it). This most recent visit, I stayed in one of their refurbished rooms on the third floor and I was most impressed. 600 INR per night for a good sized, immaculate AC double room (with sheets and blankets), with wide screen TV, cable and en suite bathroom.As well as an excellent location, what i like about the Ajay is that it provides everything the India backpacker could want - lots of communual meeting/hang out areas (roof top cafe, seating areas on each floor, a bakery/cafe, pool table and internet cafe - and all at a budget price for those trying to stretch their pennies as far as they will go.On the downside, few of the rooms have a window, which can be disorientating if your body clock demands daylight to know what time of day or night it is, and the large open design of the building means that noise travels rather too well within the building. Use ear plugs. On the plus side, tucked up a little side street off the main Parharganj market road, it misses much of the street noise. Overall, the Ajay is an excellent and dependable budget hotel by Indian standards and I have always found the staff to be friendly and helpful (actually, about 10 years ago, I got a bit of a bollocking from the manager for not locking my room properly one time, but that is a different story - it did show me that he took security seriously) and is a safe and secure place in the &quot;downtown&quot; part of New Delhi.	
Nov 7 2008	Terrible place!!!	I found address in internet and contact with them. They replied so I deside to stay there. Thanks for God I pay only for one night! That place is horrible! And absolutely agree with other comments!	
Apr 11 2007	Horrible place to stay	This was my first visit to Delhi, and I have to say i was really horrified by this guesthouse. I'd already been travelling for 4 months and i dont think my standards are particularly high. It put the grubbiest of my student flats to shame! I arrived at about 3am, so was tired after a long flight and was picked up(arrnaged through guesthouse) in a small van which didnt start, we had to get pushed several times by strangers in the street! The room i got was tiny, like a prison cell. The white walls were covered in dirty grimy marks and dead insect stains.The bed was old and though i think the sheets were relatively clean, the place had a grimy dirty feel to it. The bathroom was disgusting, old, falling apart and felt dirty. I also had the nasty experience of someone waking me up at about 3am the next night knocking on my door. I said hello a few times but no one answered me and i could hear feet shuffling outside.I didnt open the door as im a lone female traveller but it made me very scarred. Thankfully i had bolted the door. Needless to say i left after one night.	
Dec 18 2006 	Grubby and unfriendly	My husband and I have just spent 2 nights at Ajays. It's not at all like the guide books say. The bathroom was filthy, the sheets were stained, there were men lurking on each floor. The staff were unhelpful and unfriendly. We asked for the bathroom to be cleaned as it was so filthy it obviously hadn't been cleaned in months, they didn't clean it. We won't be going back. On the plus side you do get cable TV which is a good distraction from the dirtyness!	
Apr 10 2006	Who likes sticky beds?	It may be recommended by many guide books, but frankly speeking, I found the Ajay Guest House in Pahar Ganj (the Main Bazaar) really horrible. Our room was dirty, the bed was sticky - I don't know whether the bedlinnen was cleaned at all, but they should definitely changer their washing powder, if yes. Staff wasn't helpful, either, and they overcharged on the airport pick-up (450 Rs instead of 300 Rs at the prepaid booth). It might be cheap for Delhi (ca 500 Rs for a double room) but in my opinion, it's not worth even that. There are better places at the same rate around.Ajay Guest House, Delhi, India, Paharganj, 5084 Main Bazaar Tél : --- Email : ---	
Feb 12 2009 	?????		
Jan 29 2009	????????		
Aug 12 2008	?????????		
