Nov 4 2009 	Not as bad as I expected	If you compare this hotel to American standards, then yes I guess I would say this isn't the best place to stay for the money. But in comparison to India standards it wasn't all that bad. Maybe I just lucked out. The location was perfect in relation to the airport (domestic and international terminals). My bathroom was clean so was my bedding, the staff was responsive. I did order room service which wasn't to good, the menu was strictly vegetarian and over priced. I got much better quality and tasting food from the Shangra Lai hotel in Delhi for a little bit more money. Would I stay here again for a night...yes. I probably wouldn't for more than one night though.	
Jun 6 2009 	Don't stay !!	Wrote a mail and got reservation which included airport pick-up. No car waited. Took pre-paid taxi to the hotel, At the reception no reservation, 5 (!) people took care of us, no one said something about the mail-although I got answers from them. Gave us rooms at higher price than reserved.Later, at home, saw another mail form this hotel promising a discount on their rates which they didn't give when we checked-in.The hotel was under renovation, losts of dust, noisy working until late. Rooms dirty, sheets filthy, obvious not changed since the last guests. But at my request, new sheets were brought. Got taxi back to the airport, and they even gave us a wake-up call.All in all, not worth the money .	
May 4 2009 	Better stay at Airport	Due to unavailability in star hotels was compelled to stay in this hotel for my transit flight.Pros :Staff was good.Airport pickup and dropCons:1.Dirty Rooms.2.Mosquitoes, all varieties of insects.3.Even after 20 hrs of flight journey chose to stay awake was not feeling secure.It would have been better if I would have stayed in the transit lounge at the ariport.	
Feb 11 2009 	My worst hotel experience ever!	I had to stay one night near the Delhi airport while waiting for a connecting flight... I now know I should have spent the night at the airport instead! The room was really dirty and smelly, the bed was horrendous - the linen was so dirty, smelly and spotty that it was obvious that the linen had not been washed for ages. The towels, apparently formerly white, were brownish gray and contained samples such as hair and toothpaste from previous unlucky visitors. The shower offered cold water only and there was no sign of the internet connection which was promised at the time of booking. Over 100 euros for this crap is the worst rip-off ever - never has the price and the quality of a hotel room been so far apart! There were far more staff in the hotel than guests and all of the staff were of course waiting to be tipped (and sweared at you if you didn't) - as if the 100 euro room price was not enough for this &quot;quality&quot;! Do yourself a favour and never step into this craphole...	
Jan 5 2009 	very poor do not stay here	we decided to stay here for one night during a layover at the airport on our way back from nepal. On our outwards journey we stayed at the hotel clarke international which was amazing includidng an awesome meal too.we booked The airport hotel because we had an early morning flight and wanted to be near the hotel. After a breif web serch we decided to book airport hotel the website gave the impression or a professionally run establishment.On arrival we found the reception staff to be rude and very unhelpful. We had a late flight so we had no indian rupees to pay the bill with. They would not except us dollars or any foreign currency (weird for an airport hotel) instead I was told I would be taken to the airport to change money. in the end I was given directions on how to walk to the airport for currency exchange. Once in our room we found it disgusting I wanted to leave but we had no other options and we were on an early morning flight the next day so we decided to grin and bear it.The sight of the room still makes me want to be sick. dirty peeled wall papper. A smelly dirty bathroom. with no hot water dirty carpet and a dirty bed. with the location of the airport there were not restaurants nearby so we had to eat in the hotel restaurant. The hotel webstie proudly boasts cuisine from around the world. what the website didnot say was expensive poor vegitairian indian food. by now I just wanted to get drunk and fall asleep to end the misery. I was told by the reception I would hve to walk to the shop to buy beer the hotel did not sell beer.We were then told breakfast was part of our room package. when we went for breakfast in the morining we told we would have to pay. I dedcide to check out and that I would rather sit in delhi airport?when leaving the room we were harassed by 3 differnt members of staff for our room key so they could check our mini bar.I would not wish this place on my worst enermy please please please do not give these people your hard earned money	
Mar 1 2008	Not Recommended	Because of a unexpected layover at the Delhi Airport, it was necessay to get a quick room, which ended up being spur of the moment at the Airport Hotel Delhi. It is very close to the Delhi Airport, but the room was very basic, the shower didn't work, and it was noisy.The service was actually the best part of the overnight stay. I managed to order some coffee and toast in a pinch very early in the morning before flying out.This hotel should be used a emergency stays only, but not recommended.Watch out for very overpriced cabs that are stationed outside at the Delhi Airport. Use the pre-paid cab service from inside the terminal.	
Feb 1 2008 	Stay Away!!!!!!	Had to transit via Delhi on my way to Surat (Gujarat) and decided to spend the night close to the hotel. Worst decision of my life as the hotel was quite possibly the worst hotel that I've ever stayed in India. The bed was awefull, the room dirty and the shower full of mould. There was no proper hot water and the front door wouldnt lock properly. Would highly suggest that you look elsewhere!	
Dec 1 2007	Worst hotel ever been	High rates, bad rooms, complicated check in	
Jul 1 2008 	Bruyant		
