Nov 24 2009 	Hotel Abri	My girlfriend and I had a great stay here. The staff and service were excellent. I'm all about customer service so I know when I see people meeting or exceeding expectations--which the Hotel Abri staff definitely did. The room was great. Even the maids were nice. This will be my go-to spot any time my girlfriend and I decide to visit the city. Highly recommend this place.	
Nov 16 2009 	Perfect location! Great Hotel! Wonderful Staff!	My husband and I stayed here last week for 5 nights. We had an interior King Suite on the 5th floor. It was very comfortable and QUIET, which according to reviews I have read of other hotels, is not an easy thing to find in Union Sq. True to other reviews, the staff was FANTASTIC! The concierge, Hillary, was extremely helpful with booking transportation, tours, special arrangements, anything I asked. And the doormen/bellmen went above and beyond and make it a point to remember you by name. They all make an effort to be the best and it shows. And they have FREE Wi-Fi.....they get big points for that alone! The location was perfect, trolley, cable car turnaround, and BART are all literally around the corner. There is plenty of shopping and restaurants within walking distance and a Walgreen's right around the corner for all those essentials you may have forgotten. There is an italian restaurant attached but we did not get a chance to eat there, although it smelled great and looked to be pretty full every night so that's a good sign. A BIG factor for me in reviewing a hotel is whether or not the beds are comfortable. If you've ever had an uncomfortable bed you know it can ruin a vacation. The beds here are outstanding in my opinion. Very comfortable and cozy. I gave the room 4 out of 5 because there were a few minor things I thought were lacking, such as no mirror outside the bathroom, and no full length mirror, and the towels, while they looked to be new, were not very soft. Also, we like it very cold when we sleep and the window AC unit struggled at times, but it did an ok job, it's not like it was hot outside so it was still comfortable. These are extremely minor things and it would not deter me from staying there again. I just feel there is a little room for improvement. Overall, for the price we paid we felt we got an amazing experience at Hotel Abri and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to stay in the Union Sq. area. I walked down to the Westin for a masage in their spa and the lobby was so crowded and noisy, I was virtually unseen. I almost booked us at the Westin but after reading the great reviews of Hotel Abri decided to go with it......SO glad I did!	
Nov 13 2009 	Best service and value	We stayed at the Hotel Abri for 3 nights in the Urban Suite. We got a great deal on the room, large, plenty of space and was so comfortable we really felt at home. The service was amazing, nice and polite and would do whatever possible to ensure you enjoyed your stay.Abri is in a great location, a big Westfield shopping mall down the street and one block from Union Square. It's a great place to access transport and even has a cable car stop meters away. The area was safe, be aware that there is homeless people around, particularly around hotel's and food places (we didn't come across anyone aggressive and were all very well mannered).Hotel Abri also has a business center (meeting rooms, internet, printing facilities etc). We used the free internet access and printing facilities to plan our day and also to print tickets. I'd recommend asking the concierge to book a Go-Car for you as it's a great way to see San Francisco.	
Nov 12 2009 	Beautiful renovation	I've stayed at the Hotel Monticello many times over the years, but the new Hotel Abri's renovation is the best I've seen. It is now sleek, comfortable, and elegant with top amenities. It is only 2 half blocks from the Powell Street cable car and the BART station which makes it an exceptional location. It is a close walk to the Moscone Convention Center and only a block from Union Square. It's also a block from the huge shopping center on Market that has Nordstrom and other great shops. The location can't be beat. The service was over the top - they even remembered our names after the first day. That's pretty amazing! The bed in our room was so comfortable and the work desk and free WiFi makes Marriott and other hotels who charge for internet look ridiculous. We had room 522 which was just fabulous.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Service Amazing Price	We spent one night at the Hotel Abri and would have extended our stay if we could. The price was great--around $90, I think. Upon check in we were upgraded to a two room suite on the interior of the hotel. The room was big, clean, and modern. Every time we passed through the lobby, the staff made eye contact and greeted us. This hotel is right in Union Square, but there was a doorman so we always felt safe entering the hotel late at night. I've been recommending this hotel to everyone.	
Oct 30 2009 	Super outstanding staffs and Hotel!	We recently had the privilege of staying at the Hotel Abri for 6 days. We had a corner suite and it was simply amazing! The staff is very accommodating and the room was spacious and very clean, like a brand new, sophisticated hotel, and good quality bed and professional staff. The hotel provides the quality and comfort. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the San Francisco area. The hotel is in a GREAT location close to public transportation and most everything is within walking distance. If you are visiting the San Francisco I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Amazing Staffs	Stayed here in October, and really enjoyed the hotel Abri. It was centrally located in Union Square, lots to see and do close by. Easy access to Cable cars and buses, BART. The hotel is very clean and comfortable. Just returned from a week at The Hotel Abri and can't wait to go back! We found The Abri online and actually found the lowest rate directly through the hotel's website. Everything about the hotel was superb - the price, the location, the cleanliness and comfort, the décor and, most of all, the staff. We took BART from the airport less than $8 each and it put us within a block of the hotel. Although we arrived extremely early in the day, we were able to check in by noon. The best part of our stay at The Abri was the management and staff - always helpful, friendly and patient.We would recommend this hotel to anyone and we can't wait to return.	
Oct 22 2009 	warm and excellent service. clean modern cozy rooms. seriously the staff is awesome.	So while i was researching for San Francisco hotels to stay at, I read the great reviews for Hotel Abri and I was very suspicious and thought they were fake. However, after my 3 night stay (then an additional one night stay after my overnight trip to Sonoma), I was a believer in all those great reviews. Hotel Abri is a great pick that I highly recommend (if you want to stay in the center of SF, within walking distance of tourist-y stuff).i had a great experience with Hotel Abri. there were some Cons though: 1. low Wi-Fi strength2. lack of 24-hour room service. 3. lack of counter space in the queen-sized rooms (we had room #509 our first leg of the trip, but the bigger room we were upgraded to--room #507--had a lot of counterspace for all my vanity stuff)what outshines these aforementioned and small grievances is Hotel Abri's stellar staff. A great pick that I'd recommend to a friend. The Hotel room photos are pretty accurate. And the inside-rooms are a little quieter (they pointed that out).	
Oct 20 2009 	Nice and informative staff	Nice lobby. Our room was a bit small, but served our needs. The staff was very helpful.	
Oct 15 2009 	Newly renovated large rooms in Union Square	I loved my stay at the Abri - it's a great location close to all the shopping on Powell street (Forever 21, H&amp;M, Macy's) and they have done a great job with the rooms. Spacious, especially for a boutique with great modern furnishings. Definitely recommend and would be back. The staff is very genuine, sweet and helpful.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great little secret!	Having stayed at the Handlery, the Westin and other San Francisco hotels, the Hotel Abri was a great discovery! It is located right in the heart of Union Square and has a great atmosphere. There is a lot of things on the doorstep of the hotel and the staff are only too happy to help you.The rooms are a little on the small side, but are compensated by a large bathroom with nice amentities (l'occitaine) and a room with great mod-cons such as ipod dock, plasma, complimentary wireless etc, etc.I found it so nice to be in a big city and still feel like I was at a friendly boutique hotel with character!	
Oct 8 2009 	Exceeded my expectations!	I found a great package deal for this hotel online. It looked like it had been remodeled recently, in a convenient part of town and was a good price most importantly. I hadn't planned on spending a lot of time in the room, so I wasn't dissuaded when some complained about the room size. I was pleasantly surprised! There was plenty of room...way more than I had expected. The room was really great - especially for being a remodeled boutique hotel. The area was great during the day; lots of shopping, easy to get to transportation if needed and restaurants in walking distance. Yes, there are homeless roaming the streets, and it might get a little worse at night, but you are in a big city and it seems to come with the territory in most places I go. They never bothered us more than to ask for spare change, so it wasn't really an issue anyways. Also, all of the staff were so friendly and accommodating! We arrived before 8am (waaay before check in time) and they were able to quickly find us a room, which i did not expect to be ready. They were also helpful with any questions we had about the city.If we go back to San Francisco I will definitely stay here again with no hesitations.	
Oct 6 2009 	Incredible Service	It was amazing to visit San Francisco at Hotel Abri in the fall and enjoy the fantastic room, shopping, convention, restaurants and hospitality, for its price its like finding a treasure The hotel is an excellent one and we have experienced a nice time. Every time we entered the hotel, we were greeted with a homely reception. This was our first Abri experience and we were very impressed with the room, hotel and your staff. Indy Shrestha, hotel Manager was incredible and went above and beyond the customer service level. After long days and nights it was truly a joy to come back to the comfort of the room. Definitely, we will be back again.	
Oct 3 2009 	Exceeded all expectations	The Hotel Abri has an excellent location just minutes from Cable Cars, Muni, Bart and Union Square. Not to mention right next door to the greatest little bar &quot;Puccini &amp; Pinetti. The room was very clean and well kept. But I must say the staff went above and beyond all expectations. They were very helpful,friendly and courteous. I would definitely stay here again on future visits.	
Sep 29 2009	No car no problem - Great location staff and value	My brother and I booked two rooms for a two-night, weekend stay. The rates were exremely reasonable considering the downtown location and weekend timetable. The Abri is just around the corner from the Powell Street BART station. We traveled for a week in California using only public transit, so the BART ride from the airport to the hotel was simple and fast. The cable car to Fisherman's Wharf departs a block away, as well. And the Market Street trolleys are equally convenient. One evening we bought ice cream at a nearby shop and just people-watched by the cable car turnaround for 20 minutes or so while licking our cones.Great show! It's also an easy walk to shopping, Chinatown and other notable neighborhoods. It is undeniably an urban location, on the edge of some scruffy blocks. There's a popular nightclub across Ellis Street from the hotel, plus you'll find San Francisco's plentiful &quot;street people&quot; represented in this 'hood, too. Having lived in cities for most of my life, I didn't find this off-putting - just part of the local color. But suburanites with kids in tow might find that disconcerting. Most of the people roaming the streets, though, seemed to be tourists, not locals.. Check-in was friendly and easy. We arrived late after a long flight from the East Coast, hungry but with little ambition or energy for hunting down a good restaurant. We went next door to Puccini &amp; Pinetti, the restaurant affiliated with the hotel. It was terrific. It was crowded, with a wait for tables, so we sat at the bar and ordered wine and small plates of munchies, which came quickly (I had a very good seared tuna plate and my brother had one of their mini pizzas. Total cost for the food: Just $12. We spent more on wine than the food!).Our rooms were compact but efficiently laid out and stylishly appointed. Huge flat-screen TV, desk/work station for my laptop - the wireless Internet worked fine. Big bathroom with shower and very good soaps, lotions, etc. The queen bed and bed linens were extremely comfortable. The AC systems in each room are typical of hotels; not as quiet as I would like, but they cooled the rooms well. I always travel with earplugs anyway, so noise wasn't an issue for me.I appreciated the 12 noon check-out time, which gave us some extra time for a final brunch in San Francisco before we had to leave town. For the location, budget-friendly value, comfort, style and wonderful staff, I would definitely stay at the Abri again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great Location	Very well done renovated 1920's hotel. The location is perfect. We had an inside room that was very quiet. The room was big enough, had a new HDTV and a great bed. The bathroom (no tub) was large and user friendly. Everything the hotel provided was first rate.	
Sep 28 2009 	“Energetic friendly Staffs with great location”	Hotel ABRI made our anniversary in San Francisco, excellent, excellent and excellent! We spent a week at the hotel for our 5th year anniversary in September 2009. And found it a very nice 4 star, modern and contemporary hotel to stay at with a great staffs. The rooms were completely re-modeled, clean and quite, (I had an inside room that faced the inner courtyard, an outside street room may have more noise). I had a comfortable Suite room. The best part is the staff, location and price, the ABRI is 1/2 block from Powell Street Cable car line (Direct to fisherman's wharf) and 1 block from BART. It is truly in Union Square with tons of places to eat and shop and all kinds of things to do around. The shopping is literally around the corner and is in walking distance of China town and the piers.	
Sep 27 2009 	Fantastic Location with very comfy beds!	We were supposed to be staying at this hotel for 3 nights then move on to another hotel in SF for another 2, however because of the great location and how nice the hotel was we booked for an extra 2 nights! plus they honoured the discount we recevied by paying on the net. The rooms were well decorated, tv was huge, the bed was the most comfiest bed i have ever stayed in! the bathroom was lovely, new and clean. Complimentary freshly brewed tea and coffee was good for the morning starts!Location wise - this hotel was great for BART - 1 minute walk, Powel tram line 30 seconds away, Cable cars 1 minute walk. Union Square 1 minute walk!	
Sep 25 2009 	Lovely hotel great staff great location	we stayed in this hotel for 9 nights of our 2 week trip! The staff were so friendly and accomodating.The free internet in the lobby was really handy for booking day trips.We were upgraded to a corner suite over looking ellis steet, although you could sometimes hear people outside the air con disguised it well.Rooms were nicely decorated, tvs were huge and had all the channels.Bathroom was big with lovely l'occtaine products.Only downside to hotel was not having breakfast, but had a list of places that were nearby.Ate in Dotties true blue cafe and Cafe mason a few times, Massive portions!!Alot of homeless people in the area but thats expected in such a big city.Close to all amenities, bart, cable cars, street cars, westfield shopping centre, macys, union square (for bus tours) and everything in walking distance (china town, fishermans wharf) if you like hills!!!Cycled across golden gate bridge and got the ferry back from Sausalito (worth a visit. lovely scenery of san fran), the hotel has brochures with discounts for renting bikes and tours like alcatraz.Steaks in the daily grill were lovely and the food in the cheese cake factory (top floor of macys) was amazing.Hotel was perfect location and couldnt recommend it highly enough.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great hotel incredible staff awesome location	The hotel has one of the best locations for vacation travelers in the city. Centrally located right next to the BART station, our trip from the airport was a breeze. Additionally, you are right around the corner from the Powell St cable car turnaround. Walk outside and jump on!The lobby is tasteful and hip. Sort of a laid back version of a W. Every staff person we encountered went out of their way to be nice and accomodating. A top 10 in terms of overall service.We had a suite, which was small, but typical compared to other hotel suites in SF. Spotlessly clean, with modern tasteful furnishings. Free wireless. Our ONLY complaint is that our room had the faint smell of Subway. There is a subway on the ground floor, and I'm not sure how it got up that many floors, but the complaint is minor since it may not occur in other rooms.This truly is one the best values and nicest place to stay in SF.	
Sep 16 2009 	Some pros but plenty of cons	Pros - quick walk to Moscone; inexpensive; staff tried to be attentiveCons - many homeless people, who could at times be quiet aggressive in their panhandling, lingering near the entrance to the hotel; tiny rooms - very difficult for 2 people to stay in 1 room/nowhere to store 2 suitcases; noisy AC/lots of street noise (nightclub is across the street); cleanliness was marginal. Crowning touch was when I left my 4th floor room to check out around 7 AM and was greeted by piles of vomit in multiple locations in the hallway.	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent location comfortable stay great value.	We have a group of 4 and stayed in the Urban Suite (1 room w/ king-sized bed, and 1 room with sofa-bed). Bathroom was very spacious. Hotel is right in Union Square, so very convenient for shopping and eating. Staff are friendly and helpful. Nice L'Occitane amenities. The A/C was quite noisy. Hotel did not have extra blankets for our sofa bed.	
Sep 7 2009 	Comfortable room in a great location	The Hotel Abri was in a perfect location. We took the BART from the airport and loved the short walk to the hotel. We had a Queen interior room on the fifth floor. Although the room was small, it was well organized, quiet and comfortable. There were a few downsides but we overlooked them. The wireless internet didn't work in our room and the high definition television worked but it wasn't receiving a high def signal. We used the computer in the lobby when we needed to look something up. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful but it seemed these issues were out of their control. We purchased a Muni pass at the information desk in the airport for our transportation. There is a kiosk at the Bart Station but we avoided the long line by purchasing the pass at the airport. The cable car lines were long during the day but we could often jump on in the evening to come down the hill. We took a long walk up to North Beach the first night and enjoyed listening to musicians performing in Union Square and on a street corner in Chinatown. We ate at Ideale Restaurant and loved it. It's near City Lights book store. We ate breakfast at Lefty O'Doul's a few blocks away. If you are a baseball fan, it's a fun place to check out. If you are traveling light, the BART service to the airport is quick, convenient and much less expensive at $16.20 for both of us one way. We enjoyed our stay and will definitely visit this hotel again.	
Sep 6 2009 	nice hotel but not great location	Because the hotel is on a small side street, there are homeless people right outside the hotel. It's a bit difficult coming and going from the hotel with young children. A larger hotel has more entry space to control the sidewalk. The lobby was small and quaint. Our room was fine, the a/c didn't work well. We had a junior suite. The bed and pillows very comfy. The bathroom is great and the shower is wonderful. Bath products were top of the line. The restaurant downstairs was okay.	
Sep 5 2009 	Staff was great!	I can't say enough good things about the staff at this little boutique hotel. They were extremely helpful and friendly going out of their way to make our stay comfortable. When we wanted to go to a movie, they printed what was showing at nearby theaters and provided directions to each of them. When we needed a happy hour recommendation, they did the same. The hotel does not serve breakfast, but their are so many places nearby, that it's fun to try other locations.We arrived on a Thursday morning and stayed for three nights. We went to happy hour on Friday night at the restaurant next door. It was very crowded so we took our drinks back to the hotel lobby and drank them in front of the fire while deciding where to go to dinner that evening.The hotel is small -- small lobby and small rooms. Two computers with internet access available in the hotel lobby for guests. I think there was also access in the rooms, but we didn't bring out laptops, so I didn't pay attention.The room itself was small but nicely equipped. The hotel is old, but well-maintained. Brown tones dominated the color. Big, flat-screen TV and in-room refrigerator. Standard coffee maker. Bathroom nice with bath and body works toiletries. Not much room for moving around especially with two large suitcases, but we didn't really need it either. Overall, highly recommended.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Location Great Amenities	I had read reviews saying that the rooms at Abri were small and cramped - this was not the case for us. We had a corner front room (a tad noisy but we turned on the air conditioner to drown out street noise which worked well), which was extremely well appointed and spacious. The bathroom was huge and equipped with lovely L'Occitane products (very good quality). There was plenty of storage as well, and the fridge came in handy for snacks.	
Sep 1 2009 	Couldn't stay - but would have loved to.	After a long flight and BART ride with our 5 year old daughter, we finally arrived at Hotel Abri. Unfortunately, when we were checking in we discovered that my husband accidentally booked the Hotel Abri for July (2 weeks before we were supposed to arrive in San Francisco). They were fully booked for all the nights we were going to be in San Francisco, but the staff diligently worked to find us another hotel (not advised to arrive in San Francisco without a hotel reserved!). He also reimbursed us the $120 we were charged for not showing up on the first night. While we were not able to stay at this hotel, it looked beautiful and the staff were great. Location is great as we stayed a couple of blocks from here. Would highly recommend based on even our limited experience. Will plan another trip to San Francisco just to stay here!	
Aug 30 2009 	This hotel was great!	I loved this hotel. The hotel was an older builidng but you would never know it. It had been totally redone less than 1 year ago. I would classify it as a boutique hotel. It was very hip and modern but not too over the top. The furnishings in the room very very modern, including the 42&quot; flat screen tv. The bed had tons of pillows and also great bedding. I was upgraded to a King Room so that made my 5 night stay more enjoyable.The location was right off of Powell Street, so it was 1 block away from Union Square and right on the cable car line. I couldn't hear the cable cars at all.I loved this hotel, and would stay there again in a minute. One month previous I was in San Fran. and stayed at the Westin Market Str., but would much rather have stayed here on both trips, because of location, and the type of boutique hotel that it was.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great hotel and service; stay in interior room away from street noise	We spent 5 days here and had a great stay after first night. First night we got a 2nd flr room overlooking Ellis st and the Fusion Lounge. Loud noise until 3:00 am after bar closed and all the taxis and yelling stopped and that was on a Thurs. Next night we were placed in a very nice room; spacious for San Fran and excellent service. Would stay again. Location great if you want to be near all the transportation (Mkt St and cable car)	
Aug 24 2009 	Fantastic Stay	We stayed at Hotel Abri for 3 nights and was very pleased. The hotel is very clean with modern decor. We were pleasantly surprised to have a bottle of wine with personal greeting on arrival to help us celebrate our Anniversary. We had a room with 2 double beds. Although the room was very small, especially with all our luggage, it was comfortable. Only down side was the noise from the street below. The staff at the front desk are very friendly and helpful. There was complimentary coffee in the morning in the lobby and the kids liked the free bubble-gum machine in the lobby too. Location is excellent. We parked in the parking garage across the street ($6 per night when your car is parked after 5pm and out by 8am). This really wasn't a problem since my husband is an early riser. Definately recommend this hotel!	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent pick	Great location, attractive hotel, helpful staff - what more can you ask for?	
Aug 12 2009 	Great value for money	I stayed 2 nights here. I found the internet deal less than US$100 per night. Just behind the main shopping area so great location. Lobby is very trendy, the room was not as new or trendy look as the lobby, but for $90something, it's great value for sure.	
Aug 11 2009 	very nice convenient hotel	This is the second time I've stayed at the Hotel Abri. Very clean (I think it was just recently remodeled, or at least it looks that way). The rooms are small and quirky, with funny little staircases, which is very typical of many older SF hotels, but I think it adds to the charm. The decor was stylish and modern. My room this time was a little noisy with all the street noise outside, but then, that's been true of every SF hotel unless you at least 10 floors up. My room was actually a suite, with 2 flat-screen TVs. The staff were all very helpful. The location is great: between Union Square and the Powell St. BART station. Tons of theaters and restaurants all around. And on top of that, I got a great price ($125/night during the week). Highly recommended.	
Aug 9 2009 	This hotel exceeded our expectations.	My husband and I stayed at the Abri for our 36th anniversary. From the first greeting at the front desk the friendly staff gave us exceptional services. We asked for a quiet room, and got one. The manager upgraded us to a suite without our asking and sent us a bottle of wine for our anniversary, with personal greetings!The room itself was very comfortable, and had every amenity we could have asked for. We enjoyed the very comfortable bed as well as the two wide screen TV's. The location was perfect. We would definitely stay here again. Even though we don't live too far away, we really felt &quot;on vacation&quot; here at the Abri.	
Aug 2 2009 	marvelous stay	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night, walked in without reservation 2 days earlier, the person at the front desk gave us the special internet rate (119$US).We had a marvelous stay and warmly recommend this hotel.Bernard from Canada	
Jul 30 2009 	A home away from home	Hotel Abri offered the most amiable stay imaginable. Their service is impeccable, the quality of goods (decor, linens, L'Occitane toiletries) is remarkable and their prices are reasonable. The rooms are more spacious than those I have previously encountered in the city and designed optimally. They cover all the bases and then some. The showers were more than accommodating in size and the sleep afforded by the beds is unparalleled. The front desk personnel particularly make Abri endearing. Every single person behind the front desk displays a sincere interest in knowing, assisting and interacting day to day with you. My stay had to be extended and Abri was already booked by that point, but I found myself missing the people and hotel so much that even afterward I was dropping in every opportunity I could just to say hi. Hotel Abri saved me on so many occasions in my trip and I will never stay anywhere else as long as I can - and neither should you!	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Place but the Aromatherapy Smell Was Awful.	I thought the employees were terrific. My room was perfect and quiet. I felt safe and sound there. The amenities were good although the wifi was a little spotty at times for service. My only complaint and the only reason I would not stay there again was the overpowering use of a scent machine in the lobby. It permeated the lobby and elevator with a very heavy and cloying scent. Anyone with allergies to perfume would not be able to endure this. Thankfully the smell did not extend to my room.	
Jul 27 2009 	Amazing Stay in Great Location	I absolutely loved Hotel Abri! It was located right in Union Square where I was able to get around the city so easily. The great proximity to BART and cable cars allowed me to explore the lovely city of San Francisco. Wifi and business center was complimentary. The employees were very friendly and helpful with that and one of their great employees, Indy Shrestha, quickly helped me set up my connection along with a bottle of wine and snacks. Beds were very comfy and the rooms had the latest equipment. Nice Plasma TVs and I hooked up my Ipod to their included docks. Overall great location and customer service that is sure to bring me back.	
Jul 26 2009 	Can't Wait To Go Back!!!	My husband, myself and our son just returned from a week stay at the Hotel Abri. It was truly wonderful. We were in the Oasis suite which was 500 square feet of pure comfort. We had a separate sitting area with queen size pull out sofa and a separate bedroom with king size bed. There was also a small fridge. The hotel has a wonderful restaurant attatched which will deliver dinner to your room from a limited menu. Food was incredible. The best thing about the Hotel Abri is the staff. They couldn't do enough for you to make sure that your visit was a pleasant one. ( Richard, the concierge, should offer a course on how to be a successful concierge-- he was great! ) Very centrally located. Great places for breakfast nearby-- Dottie's Tru Blue Cafe was the best. Not in the most desirable neighborhood and always a wait-- but well worth it. Sears on Powell was also good for breakfast. No shortage of Starbucks near the hotel. The only negative , and nothing the hotel could do about it ,was the noise from across the street at the Fusion Lounge. Personally didn't bother me as I grew up in New York but may bother some people. Also, parking is $43 a night but that seems to be on par with the city. Don't miss the chance to stay here. You won't be disappointed!	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Hotel!	I would definetly stay here again! This is close to everything! Shopping,Night Life all within walking distance! The staff was great and always greeted you and was great with finding local spots!	
Jul 23 2009 	Good value and great location	The Abri Hotel has a very good location near Union Square. It's easy to hop on and off buses and cable cars as well as the BART just within a block from the hotel. The room nice and clean. Internet was included in our price but the hotel does not offer breakfast. There are however a lot of good places serving breakfast nearby. We had breakfast at Lori's diner a block away and were happy with food and service.	
Jul 19 2009 	Loved it	Great location, nice room, pleasant atmosphere. Street noise was just a bit irritating, but the location more than made up for it. We stayed for several days and could easily want or take public transportation to anywhere we wanted to go.	
Jul 17 2009 	Best. SF Hotel. Evah.	My sweety and I had visited San Francisco for an overnight trip and decided since I found a shockingly great price for this hotel and knew the neighbourhood, I figured this had to be good.. Understatement! The Hotel Abri was a stellar hotel; staff is always glad to see you, hotel is kept in immaculate condition, bed was worthy of taking home if it were possible, and L'Occitane toiletries were teh OMGz.. Ginormous flat-screen TV also came with a connection for your laptop so you can use it as a monitor, clock radio also had an iPod dock attached. The only negative out of the entire stay (which the Abri can't really help) was facing another hotel I've visited previously which had a new club open up. And when you have late night clubs in a big city, you also get an occasional drunk being asked to leave said club for acting royally ASBO. Other than that, I'd recommend the Abri if you're looking to splurge a bit for a hotel not far from Powell &amp; Market, a major transit hub and terminus for the Cable Cars just a couple blocks away..	
Jul 15 2009 	Location location location	The Hotel Abri has such a convenient location--block and a half away from a BART station, and half a block away from a cable car line. Plus, many restaurants are within a short walk. Puccini &amp; Panini, adjacent to the hotel, is a splendid choice. They serve the kind of food you keep eating even after you're full, just because it tastes so good.Now for the hotel. I could stay up all night trying to find a negative thing to say and still come up empty. The recent renovation has created a welcoming, cozy atmosphere. Coupled with a friendly, expert staff, and this hotel is right up there with my favorites. We stayed in an urban suite (which I recommend, because the single rooms are a bit small), and we had plenty of room to spread out and get comfortable. Free WiFi is a huge plus--chain hotels routinely charge for this. Rooms are beautifully decorated, and the hotel itself is so charming. Tiny, winding staircases are sprinkled here and there, and they connect the hotel's floors in such a charming, old-world way. The Hotel Abri gets an A+. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 14 2009 	One of the BEST	Best location, great room, excellent service...what more do we want!!	
Jul 13 2009	The Hotel Abri is wonderful!	Just returned home from a quick 3 night trip to San Francisco with my 18 year old daughter who will be attending college there in the fall. After much research, we decided to try the newly renovated Hotel Abri in the Union Square area. I've stayed at many hotels in the Union Square area in the past and I have to say this is my favorite and one of the best values! The staff at the front desk was very welcoming and friendly, the room was warm, inviting and very quiet, and the bed was so comfortable. Free WiFi. 2 large screen t.v.'s. Bathroom a little small but not bad - - loved that there were drawers and shelves for storage though. We stayed in an Urban Suite on the 5th floor on the courtyard side. The location is fabulous - - just a block from Bart, Muni, and the trolley, plus great shopping, restaurants and theatre within walking distance. My husband and I will be planning many future trips to visit our daughter when she's in school, and we will definitely plan to stay here again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great location near Union Square	This hotel is in a perfect location. Plenty of shopping places and restaurants nearby. Half a block off of Powell Street near Union Square and one block away from street cars and Bart station. You will not need a car to get around. Hotel and staff are great. Rooms are on the small side, but we only went back at night to sleep. I booked all of our tours online ahead of time and had no problems with any of them. We enjoyed the 5-hour city tour with San Francisco Comprehensive Shuttle Tours. We were also very satisfied with the Wine Country/Muir Woods and Carmel/Monterey Tour with Extranomical. The Alcatraz tour was better than I expected (you must do the audio tour). This was a great vacation for my husband and I. Coming from the humidity of South Louisiana, the cool weather was a pleasant change for us.	
Jun 27 2009 	Hotel Abri: Super friendly home away from home!	With 91 rooms, Hotel Abri shines following its $10 million renovation. I came here for a conference and my coworker stayed across the street at Parc 55, also a very nice hotel but a lot more expensive. Hotel Abri provides cozy, albeit small rooms stylishly decorated in clean lines with a modern Asian flare. Rooms include huge flat screen tv, refrigerator, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, alarm clock/radio, air conditioning (which you seldom need in San Francisco). Room service is available. There is no exercise room but this is a city where you can do a ton of walking. My room faced into the courtyard so although we're in the heart of the city, it was quiet even with the windows open. Lots of great restaurants nearby and Hotel Abri provides a list of best breakfast and dinner spots. Larger suites are also available. The front desk staff was terrific -- very helpful when it came to navigating the city. I love this place. It's less expensive than bigger hotels and much quainter. Super place. Super experience.	
Jun 25 2009 	Brilliant location excellent room pleasant 	We stayed here on the first four nights of a 3 week trip to the States. We booked the suite through a room sale on Expedia and were definitely not disappointed. It had an excellent location and the staff couldn't have been more helpful.	
Jun 25 2009 	Wow!	If you want to stay in a fantastic location, be treated with warmth and respect by the entire staff, and sleep in a wonderful bed in a beautiful room, try the Abri. That's what we did recently (based on the great reviews we read on TripAdvisor). Without our asking, Karen at the registration desk (she's wonderful!) upgraded us to a suite on the second floor. In our 30+ years of marriage, we've stayed in many, many hotels, but we've never had a better experience. We are recommending the Abri to anyone we know headed to SF.	
Jun 20 2009 	A great find.. location service and room all exceeded my expectations	We stayed at Hotel Abri at the end of May for a weekend. Here are a few things that might help if you are considering this hotel. Getting there: We flew in to SFO and simply hopped on the BART (Bay Area Rapid Transport) which takes you straight into the city. Hotel Abri is just around the corner from Powell St station, we were jet lagged this was a god send just how easy it was to find and the BART is by far the cheapest option to get to and from the Airport. The cable car line turnaround is at the end of the street and the the street car/tram/trolley whatever you want to call them right behind that. Transport was a breeze. There is a booth near the Cable Car turnaround where you can get a daily transport passport giving you unlimited rides on all the buses cable cars and street cars for 11 bucks. Hotel Check-in/staff: The staff were absolutley fantastic. Hillary the concierge was fantastic, its not often that you there service is so good that you can remember the persons name. There was a problem with our airport connection (we had a really early flight out ) and when they contacted the hotel through the night she rebooked our transfer for us so as not to disturb us. Housekeeping left the room spotless. The hotel is definitely well run. Amenities: No Gym or Pool but this didnt worry us at all there, is an adjoining italian restaurant which was delicious. Complimentary internet/PC use was so helpful. In room safe (many hotels are reverting to only having deposit boxes at reception - worth checking). Everything in this hotel was new - nothing dodgy at all. Room: The king size bed was divine, decent linen, funishings were new with a decent size bathroom - (Loccitane products). Room wasnt large but this is usual in nearly all the San Fran hotels I've stayed in. If you are a light sleeper they also have an inside room option it was nice to open up the window and watch the world go by outside. Noise: The hotel is away from the cable car line however there is a nightclub just across the road, and it did get a bit noisier on Saturday night, not from music but people out on the street. If you are a light sleeper take your earplugs or request an inside room. Shopping : Westfield San Francisco Centre is a minute away and union Square is just up the hill. No shortage of options at all. Food Options: EVERYWHERE catering to every budget, theres a cold rock ice-creamery next door too. yum. If you are looking for a nice place for lunch on a sunny day the I recommend the Cheesecake Factory on top of the Macy's building, it has an outdoor seating area looking down into the square. Great location. The hotel has a breakfast listing of the best places nearby to head out for breakfast - We went to a place a few blocks away called Dotties - food was delicious but get there early we were there before it opened on Saturday and there was already a line. The place is small and cosy but well worth a visit. The Farmers Market is also a great spot to walk through for brunch if your're looking for a gourmet biteBooking: I booked through expedia and got a great rate.	
Jun 2 2009 	Amazing property amazing staff amazing stay	I work for a Four Star Property in West Hollywood, so I am very particular when it comes to hotels. And my girlfriend is even MORE particular. So my expectations were sky high when I checked into Hotel Abri. For those of you who haven't stayed in boutique style hotels in San Francisco, let me tell you that there are only a few hotels that are world class. Well, you can put Hotel Abri at the top of the list. The hotel layout and design was beautiful- modern and hip yet very comfortable. Many Union Square area hotels have smaller rooms, but the suite we stayed in was big enough to get lost in and had two great views. But the key to any hotel is the service, and the ENTIRE STAFF WAS AMAZING. From getting us on the guest list in clubs, to the bell staff giving us directions and recommendations, to remembering our names (and we remember yours Karen!) the staff has the customer service down cold. Larkspur Hotels always come correct (Villa Florence is great too) but I have to give the edge to Abri. I go to The City quarterly; Abri can count on me 4 times a year from now on.T-roy	
Jun 2 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I visited SF for first time and i choose hotel Abri and i couldn't have done better hotel. The hotel was convenient to the BART, trolleys, shopping, movies..you name it; perfect when i didn't rent a car. I got a great deal from http://www.travel-ticker.com/ $89 per night.I need a DVD player, which the hotel was nice enough let me borrow for a couple of days. I needed to order Chinese so i called the front desk. They were nice enough to print the menu of local restaurant which delivered and bring to my room.I requested a room on a high floor(3rd floor) and quite which i received. The room was cleaned every day and it looked cleaned. Downside to this hotel is that a club called Hotel Fusion Club is across the street so you hear people, car, police all the time on weekends but i was too tired to pay attention to that most of the time. I would have preferred a higher floor just to avoid hearing the noise from the street.	
Jun 2 2009 	This hotel is a great choice	Hotel Abri is centrally located near Union Square. I loved the room. The staff were lovely and very helpful. They were concerned about my hotel experience and VERY proud of their newly renovated hotel.	
May 31 2009 	Beatiful location and great rooms	We loved the location. The rooms were beautifully redecorated with fantastic beds and bedding. The pillows can never be matched anywhere. Our rooms were quiet and had double black out curtains. I found an excellent price on Hotwire's Travel Ticker promotions which allow you to select a paticular hotel. There is lots of shopping and a nearby trolley stop. I do not think you could do better.	
May 24 2009 	Great location beautiful hotel can not fault in any way	The location was perfect as it was as central as you could get! The hotel was beautiful and the staff were very helpful as well as friendly. The room was very comfotable and not small like most hotel rooms in San Francisco. Unfortunately I had the room next to the lifts so I could hear the lifts doors open and close which was quite loud so I recommend when you check in you ask to be in a room that is away from the lifts. Otherwise everything was perfect. The free WIFI was very convenient as was the free use of the two computers downstairs!	
May 21 2009 	All the character of the former Monticello ... and more!	Rooms are snug, though we requested and got an upgrade to a King Suite at no extra cost. Just timing, I guess! Fabulous location at the end of the Powell Cable Car line, two blocks from Union Square. Was there for a convention at the Moscone which is two blocks away! A couple of decent restos in the area, but the onsite resto is pretty good! Front line staff is excellent! But, alas, we missed the nightly manager's wine reception which was a feature of the Monticello before it became part of the Larkspur chain and was renovated. The one flaw ... street noise through the window A/C units. And lots of street noise! Recycling bins being emptied in the middle of the night. Traffic. Shouting. Police sirens. I suggested they might want to extend the reno and come up with a better solution for A/C that will keep the noise under control. It's a shame to have an otherwise excellent boutique hotel experience downgraded because of this. That said, we booked while it was under reno a year ago, and by the time we arrived the price had dropped to just over half the original cost ... yes, we had to ask the question, but they were very forthcoming in adjusting the price!	
May 20 2009 	Modern Comfort - Reasonably Priced	I spent 4 nights at the Hotel Abri - 1/2 of the trip was business and the other 1/2 was vacation. The location of the hotel is excellent if you like to walk and/or take public transportation (which I do). It's a block from the trolley roundabout and there are loads of shops, restaurants and bars within walking distance. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful - I was really pleased with the level of service during every interaction I had with them. I stayed in a suite and it was great. The layout made sense, the decor was modern and new and the room really comfortable. I did have occasional trouble with the in-room Internet access but it was handled immediately. It is a 3-star hotel but I definitely think that it's a good value for the location and amenities. I'd stay there again and I'd recommend it to friends.	
May 18 2009 	Young Hip Friendly Clean	Great find in downtown San Francisco! Atmosphere is excellent - young &amp; hip. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Rooms are a touch small, but extremely clean, with great bed, linens, robes. Would recommend to all.	
May 13 2009 	Cool best awesome comfortable gorgeous value!	OK, so I tried to get a bunch of good words in there. This is a great find. Very urban cool without the gag factor. Staff is exceptional, rooms beautiful and bed extremely comfortable. I'm looking up the linens online! Puccini and Pannetti's, the Italian restaurant next door is one of my favs in the city, and my local friends love it too! Hotel couldn't be more convenient to everything, especially the BART/Muni station. I come to the city to see my college aged kid and he and his friends think this place is cool too!	
May 3 2009 	Great location great staff excellent service excellent value	We stayed at the Abri for 4 nights as part of a USA trip. We have stayed at several Hotels from Vancouver to Las vegas and the Abri was great. The staff couldn't do enough for us, the bar/restaurant next door is great value, especially at happy hour. The cable car turn around is around the corner and the trolley cars run along Market Street and the Bart station is less than a block. We left some property there and they arranged to have it forwarded to Las vegas for us.There are beggars outside but we found that all over San Francisco and no worse at the Abri, some of then funny to speak to and deserving of a dollar. Great spot, would definately stay there again.	
May 2 2009 	Champagne Beds on a Beer Budget	Killer Bed!! Very nice sheets, lots of cushy pillows (and I bring my own pillow everywhere--but these met even my standards!), very clean duvet--not some moldy quilted job. My husband and I spent a night here in April and were very impressed with the remodeled rooms. Our suite had a king bed, plasma TV, and a very good shower. We had a small sitting room with a foldout sofa, fireplace, desk with WIFI hookup, and a small fridge...the rooms are funky sized but the building is very old so that makes sense.. I will say that our room faced Ellis street and a nightclub was directly across from our room--if you are a light sleeper be sure to ask for a quiet room. We were out very late so the noise was not an issue...Again--great room, great bed, great price!	
Apr 26 2009 	Loved this Hotel. Great room location and very friendly staff.	We stayed at the Hotel Abri for 5 nights and loved everything about it!! We booked an Urban Suite as we wanted the extra living room with the pull out sofa as we have two young boys. The main room with the King size bed is quite small however the bed was the most comfortable one I have ever slept in so this more than compensated for the size of the room. The hotel offered free Internet which was great and the staff were extememly friendly and helpful. The location is great. Close to the main shopping area, Union Square, Cable Car and train.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great location wonderful staff	After reading other reviews, we booked a suite at this hotel. While on the small side, it is understandable given that this is an older building that has been renovated. For the price and location, however, it cannot be beat. Very comfortable beds, clean and the staff is fantastic, catering to our every need. Get an &quot;inside&quot; suite and the room will be very quiet. Free wifi and business center and a restaurant in the lobby that was packed at happy hour.	
Apr 22 2009 	unique boutique	This is a cute little boutique hotel that's centrally located in San Francisco. It's about a block away from the Powell Street BART station, which makes it very convienient. We took BART straight from the airport to Powell Street Station and saved a ton of money over getting a shuttle, taxi or renting a car and paying out the nose for parking.The rooms are quite small, but they are fairly well appointed with in room wi-fi, L'Occitaine toiletries, i-pod docking stations, bathrobes, and a large flat screen TV.The staff was very, very helpful. If you go, here are some tips:- if you are a light sleeper - request an interior room as the rooms that face the street are very noisy.- have breakfast at Dotties Cafe (about 3 or 4 blocks away) which almost always has a long line, but the food is absolutely tremendous	
Apr 9 2009 	Excellent	I highly recommend this hotel. The location was excellent, the room was lovely and the staff were extremely helpful and polite. The airline lost one of our suitcases on our journey from London to San Francisco and the staff at Hotel Abri could not have been more helpful. They constantly phoned the airline to check on the status of the missing bag and kept us up to date. They recommended where the best shops were to buy replacement clothes and generally could not have been more helpful. The room was lovely, huge bed, huge shower and huge flat screen TV. My only negative comments would be that the rooms they are a little on the small side and noise from the street below can be heard in the room but then given the very central location I expected this. Overall I would definitely stay here again and would recommend to friends and family.	
Apr 2 2009 	Convenient Friendly Fashionable	I can't say enough about Hotel Abri. This was my second recent visit, and once again I was impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the size of the king room. The location can not be beat, big TV's and working desks are great, and if you want a gigantic room with a huge bathroom, ask for a king corner room - you will be amazed.	
Mar 25 2009 	Good Hotel/ SF add-ons expensive	We stayed 2 nights at the Hotel Abri- we liked everything, the rooms, the decor, the staff, and the location. I would recommend it as a very good place to stay in the Union Square area.My next question: How do you turn a 250 dollar, 2 night stay into a nearly 400 dollar stay with no effort? Answer- stay in the Union Square area. Parking was $42 dollars a night with an extra 17% tax on top of that. Also, there were several large taxes on the hotel room.Seriously, the only difference betwwen the agreed upon price and the much higher price was parking and taxes. I advise you not to take a rental car into the city and be aware that San Francisco is in the business of punitively taxing tourists (because those kind of taxes are easy to pass!)	
Mar 25 2009 	great location	great location, smallest room ever - literally the only thing that fit was a king size bed, cute furniture, but LOUD! we were on the third floor and in a &quot;quiet&quot; room but could hear every move from the people above us...didn't sleep very well. if you can sleep through anything then stay here. b/c the staff was helpful and location could not have been better!	
Mar 5 2009 	Ohh its wonderful between the sheets	We stayed there over night and it was very nice. Our plane came in at 11 and they were more than willing to accomadate us with the early arrival. The suite was nice and gave additional room for getting dressed and watching T.V. places other than on the bed. But the bed... oh my it was fabulous...we could not believe how wonderful it felt it was the bed the sheets, everything was so soft and it was wonderful. Book this hotel if nothing else to feel how wonderful the bed is.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great time at Abri	Had a great in San Fran and at hotel Abri. It is a newly renovated, nicely decorated boutique hotel with a new name. The location is perfect if you're going for shopping, restaurants and sightseeing. Two blocks from the Powell BART station - the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) being a cheep (~$6) and easy way (30-40min) to get downtown from the airport. Got upgraded to a junior suite facing away from the street so definitely can't complain about the size of the room or noise. Lots of nice features to the room; possible to connect a laptop to the TV, play an ipod on the radio, free safe and wireless. They offer free organic coffee and tea in the morning and the business center is equipped with two computers and a printer available free to guests. Very helpful and friendly staff; gave great restaurant and tour recommendations. My only slight complain is the cellphone reception in my room. The room being on the second floor (out of six) facing the courtyard probably had something to do with that.	
Jan 21 2009	Pretty Cool	I did alot of research before booking this hotel and am glad I ended up with this one. At first I was uncertain because my room-especially the bathroom counter-top and shower- had not been cleaned thoroughly. After asking the attendant to remedy this the guy they sent up still did a half-[-] job, but after I made my complaints known the room was well cleaned and tidied for the rest of my stay. I was also concerned about noise because my room faced Ellis Street but when I closed the window shade it really dampened out most of it, so it was no problem for me. The room was very comfy...great bed, and the bathroom had a modern feel about it. The downstairs lobby was great and the front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. The price I got through the hotel website was actually pretty decent compared to most of the other places I looked at in the area. And, the location is great! I was able to get to Chinatown, The Haight, The Wharf, and North Beach all fairly easily by either walking, bus, or trolley car. Definitely would recommend the Abri.	
Dec 9 2008 	Really Pleasantly Surprised!	I told my boss I was staying in San Francisco at a hotel in Union Square for $113/night and he looked at me and said, &quot;I'm afraid for you.&quot;You DO NOT have to be afraid of the Abri. The rooms are small (tiny, actually), but modern and chic. The beds are comfortable, even if there are about 8,000 pillows on the bed and you'll have to clear off most of them before you make room for yourself in there. Oh, there is no bathtub, if you care about that. The staff is friendly, pleasant, and remembers you. The coffee in the lobby isn't bad at all. You practically stumble out of the Powell Street BART station and you're at the hotel; it's also right by one end of the cable car line and the F line streetcar that takes you over to Embarcadero, where you can get the boat to Alcatraz. There's just about everything in terms of shopping--cheesy teenybopper accessories stores, DSW, Nordie's, Loro Piana--it runs the gamut.Overall, if you're looking for a nice sort of place to lay your head, and want to be sure you're not in the ghetto or the 'burbs, are close to transportation, and don't have to sleep on cheap scratchy flowered bedspreads, you're doing pretty well staying here.Oh, yes, and there's free wireless internet, which is, of course, terrific.	
Dec 5 2008 	great service great room	Everything was taken care of... Although I was first given a room that smelled like an ashtray, I was quickly placed into a new room. The hotel is completely smoke-free, but apparently someone didn't notice that you would be charged $250 if you smoked in the room. The new room was great and a little larger. I had a 1 bedroom suite with a king bed. You can tell that the rooms have been renovated to look modern, but some of the old doors and trim remain, giving the rooms a unique feel. There are two huge flat screen TVs in each room, a very comfortable bed, and a great bathroom. The sitting room has a nice big desk, perfect for working, with a sofa bed, chair, and coffee table. I had no problems with the free WiFi connection. The service was fantastic. This place would be great for a business stay or for a romantic weekend.	
Nov 1 2008 	A Great Little Find In San Francisco	We have just returned from a 5 night stay in the Hotel Abri, having travelled from Dublin, Ireland, and have only great things to say!Having reviewed numerous hotels on the web and trip advisor, we stumbled upon Hotel Abri and were impressed by the many favourable comments from other guests and decided to book it on the strenght of them.On arriving we were immediately greeted by hotel staff who were very welcoming and helpful. Belinda in paraticualr was a pleasure to deal with and made check in a painless process. Adam was always on hand with great tips on where to go / what to do.Our room was lovely, a seperate sitting room with bedroom and bathroom off it. The hotel has been recently refurbished and everything is clean and prtistine. The bed is nearly too comfortable!!The location of this hotel is perfect - right off Union Square and central to the Westfiled Shopping Centre / cable cars / bart etc. Its a nice safe area which helps as there can be certain parts of the city that it would be best not to venture to.I would highly recommend Hotel Abri and would definitely stay there if we return to this beautiful city in the future. For the price you pay you are gettting very good value for money!! Must also say thanks to Hilary on the front desk for all her help!	
Oct 21 2008 	Great service average room	Hotel Abriseems this was just completely remodeledpros:great location for shopping (union square) and transportation (BART, muni, F line, buses, plenty of cabs) and Foley's is nearby which has Murphy's on tap!great front desk staff from our check-in to our check-out, very personable and helpful, fun to talk to.beautifully finished lobby areacool toilet in room with half or full flush option, a great eco decision by themgigantic television in our room6 pillows provided, so you have a choice to find the one you are comfortable onnice shower, although no tub.cons: the king size bed and desk near the foot of the bed are so close together that you can barely squeeze by, the room is crowded and it'd be tough for someone to use a wheelchairthe windows look directly across to other windows of the hotel, you have no privacy unless you sit in darknessthe bathroom had no counter or shelf next to the mirror, getting ready was tough; however, there was a shelf closer to the toilet.no breakfast (although apples and bananas were provided downstairs, that counts for something for sure)as you walk through the hotel you can't help but think they finished the rehab quickly or carelessly... numbers on doors are crooked, things in our room were even crooked or not tightened (i.e. bathroom fixtures)	
Oct 19 2008 	Excellent	Hotel Abri (formerly the Monticello Inn) was lovely for my wife, my 3 year old, and myself. The hotel just reopened in Fall 2008, with redone lobby and rooms. Our stay--for four days--was wonderfully comfortable. It's near the end of the Powell line cable car and Union Square. The rooms are somewhat small, but well-equipped with flat screen TVs, iPod docks, and comfortable beds. The staff was enormously helpful and always attentive.An excellent choice in San Francisco.	
Sep 29 2008 	Simply the best	The Hotel AbRi as it is now called is by far the best hotel i have ever stayed in. I have been here on business (Oracle Show) and for a small personal break and found the location perfect for everything i could need. The GM (Rob) runs an excellent show with good staff and a great service provided to the guests. The concierge (Hilary) not only arranged for all of my work needs but also made sure that my personal time was used well and provided me with any information and advice I could possibly want.All in all I wish there were more hotels as homely and superb as the now called AbRi. I cannot thank the staff enough for all they have done for me while I stayed in San Francisco, they have made my time here truly memorable.	
Feb 25 2008 	nice little place	I stayed here only for 1 night on a business trip. Having never been to SF before, I can say that I did enjoy my stay here. We arrived a little early in the day and the rooms were not avaiable. They were more than willing to hold our luggage which was great. Once we were checked in, I found the room to be quite big. It is in downtonw SF, so it was a bit noisy, but not enough to want to be moved. I did not get a chance to eat at the resuatuant, so I cannot comment on this. However, we did make it for the wine tasting which was a nice added touch. The only real issue I found was that I was leaving for the airport rather early and asked if I should book a car service, which they recommended. However, the car service was expensive, and there were cabs available. Next time I stay here, I will be sure to take a cab instead.I would recommend staying here for a brief stay-over.	
Jan 4 2008	Just everything you need	Excellent little hotel, ideally located downtown. Friendly staff, price is all right, rooms are quite small but not really a problem in SF (who stays locked in a hotel room when you are in such a stunning city?). The complementary breakfast is fine (provided that you like the black, hot liquid they call &quot;coffee&quot; in the U.S) and there is a &quot;wine hour&quot; sort of thing in the late afternoon in the lobby, which is really great. The only downside is that our first room was on Gery street (2d Floor) and we just could not sleep, given the strange, screaming noctambulous population of downtown SF (windows of the front rooms were apparently taken from the wreck of the Titanic and not insulated at all). We just asked for a quieter room the day after, and were kindly moved to the rear rooms with view on the courtyard (with fully insulated, new windows this time, don't ask me why). I wil ldefinitely stay again at the Monticello when in SF.	
Dec 22 2007 	Magnificent Monticello	I booked the Monticello Inn for my family, after reading the positive reviews written here, and was very glad I did. Our suite was huge with two TV's &amp; even bath robes. The concierge went out of his way to get us on our city tour, as we were running a bit late. The location is superb with tram stops &amp; shopping right there. Everything was clean and lovely and I couldn't recommend it enough. Also the best coffee can be found around the corner in the Westfield Centre at Peet's Coffee....	
Nov 8 2007 	Perfect Location Very Comfortable and affordable	We stayed at the Monticello Inn for Labor Day weekend. We were 2 couples each with our own room. Upon arrival we were promptly attended to and checked in quickly. Vallet took our vehicle and we headed up to our room. The street it is located on is (Ellis) runs into Powell which is the main street the Trolleys run up and down. This hotel is located in Union Square, your really are in the middle of a great shopping center! Each side you walk you've got shops Adidas, Puma, Bloomingdale's, etc etc! A+ for Location!Once we entered our room, the only negative thing about this whole expreience was the smell of Freshly baked Subway Bread! Ha ha, I believe because of the way the hotel is built the center subway is one level with it's vents on there roof, there roof is also the first floor of the 5 story or so hotel, so it vents into the shaft of sorts and straight into your a/c unit. Big woop! Seeing as we don't like to hibernate in our room when this city is alive, it didn't bother us one bit, except when you woke up in the morning crazy a sandwhich (he he). We reserved a one Bedroom Suite. Upon entering it we were surprised to see how roomy it was. You first enter a living room with a miniature refrigerator, big enough to fit a 2-liter and some can drinks. The Tv is a good sized tv, everything is clean and neat. The couch is comfy as well as the Chair. They have these gorgeous Bay windows with seats built all around it so you can absorb the light if you so choose, cause there isn't much of a view! The bedroom is completley seperate from the living room, there is a door that divides it ( not too common with suites) The decor is exactly as it appears on the website, the stripes look overbearing at first but they are not I assure you! The bed was very comfterble, the sheets where clean. It was very pleasant. The bathroom had a Shower tub Combo, clean as well, no rust or grime build up. This room was a perfect gathering space for us and our friends, seeing as they had gotten a standard room I did look at it and it was very spacious as well. Enjoy the Pictures and the hotel, it is in an incredible location!	
Oct 30 2007 	Best Hotel Nicest Staff	My husband and I stayed here as part of our honeymoon and cannot fault it. If you are staying in San Francisco you could not want for a better hotel. It is in a great location, has friendly staff and excellent hotel suites. We went for a meal at the hotel restaurant, which I would also recommend. I'm a vegan and the waiter went out of his way to make sure everything was okay for me to eat. He was also incredibly helpful with the wine list and the food was delicious. The little extras which the hotel provides also added to a perfect stay and all for a very affordable price.	
Oct 17 2007	Wow	My husband booked this hotel online. I think he initially found it on Expedia. Seeing as he did the booking, he didn;t do my usual Tripadvisor research, so I have to say, given the price was $250 for 2 nights (very cheap by SF standards), I was a bit nervous.How wrong I was. The place is adorable, We paid a few extra dollars in the original booking for a Jefferson suite. It had a kig sized bed, separate lounge room with a desk, big tv (also one in the bedroom). I felt like I had stumbled into a secret place.Powell St Station (BART and MUNI) is around the corner, as are all the major department stores (which are open til 8pm).Downstairs (lobby area) there is a lounge with free wine and cake from 5-6pm and free breakfast is all included in the price.The room even had a fridge!This place is definitely on my list of places to come back to, but don't tell too many people, they may put the prices up!	
Oct 15 2007 	Perfect location in a perfect city	We booked the Monticello after reading the reviews on here and I have to say it didn't disappoint.After a long flight we arrived at the airport, breezed through immigration, collected our suitcases, jumped on the airtrain and hopped on the BART. Whatever you do make sure you do your research first, DO NOT be tempted to pay for a taxi from the airport unless you are staying a long way from any of the BART stations as you will be wasting your money! This hotel is located approx 2 blocks from Powell St station and the trip from the airport cost us $5 each (compared to the $40 it would have cost for a taxi) It really is so easy and takes around 30 mins.Check in was quick and easy and the receptionist couldn't have been more helpful. We had booked a Jefferson Suite and were very pleased with what we had for our money (4 nights for £330) there was a nice little lounge area with fridge, sofa, TV and a small desk, a lovely bedroom with a VERY comfy bed and HUGE TV and a nice, clean bathroom with lovely toiletries!The other bonus that this hotel has is that there is a complimentary breakfast every morning in the library and it really is good. There was a lovely selection of fresh croissants, muffins and fruit with tea and coffee every morning which set us up for the day.If you are staying for 4 or more days I would recommend a MUNI passport. We bought a 7 day passport each ($24 per passport) and this allowed us to hop on and off the cable cars and trolley buses as we wanted which was perfect when we became leg weary! We even had some frivolous trips to and from Fisherman's Wharf each evening just because we could!The only downside to the location of this hotel (and it really is only a minor point) is that there are a few beggars around and about but I have to say that we were never bothered by them and some are extremely talented musicians who helped to while away the time when waiting for the cable cars!One last thing...Make sure you visit TAD's Broiled Steaks, it's on Powell Street about 2 mins from the Monticello and it does the most amazing steaks, you won't be disappointed!All in all the Montecello helped to make our trip to San Francisco perfect and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone...Even my best friend!	
Oct 9 2007 	Fantastic central location	After reading good reviews,we stayed in 3 rooms for 3 nights for a short vacation. Very professional staff, knowledgeable &amp; so convenient to cable cars, BART, shopping. So many good eating places &amp; bar/restaturant right next door. Stayed in Jefferson suite with comfortable bed and pull out in next rm &amp; refrig too. &amp; each had its on TV. Free wireless &amp; continental breakfast (muffins, banana/apples, Starbucks coffee (yum) &amp; free wine 5-6pm. Many perks and our family of 7 adults &amp; 2 children fully enjoyed the spacious lobby. Hotel is so San Fran--not modern but clean &amp; toiletries were of good quality. Towels &amp; washcloths nice &amp; thick. Tub kind of slick, no bars to hold onto &amp; 2 family members slipped. Other than that, it is a great value though we paid higher price because it was a busy time. Didn't use valet parking-- very expensive &amp; we had oversized van..checkout other parking lots in city for lower prices.	
Sep 27 2007 	Great Value	Stayed here the weekend of Sept 23rd, had a great time in the city,Room was clean and nicely appointed, Hotel service was excellent,They made reservations for us for dinner at a local restaurant for Sunday night while we were riding bicycles all day. I would recommend highly.	
Sep 8 2007 	Loved the Monticello!!	Just returned from a week at The Monticello Inn and can't wait to go back! We found The Monticello online and actually found the lowest rate directly through the hotel's website. Everything about the hotel was superb - the price, the location, the cleanliness and comfort, the decor, the free breakfast and afternoon wine reception and, most of all, the staff. We took BART from the airport for $5 each and it put us within a block of the hotel. Although we arrived extremely early in the day, we were able to check in by noon. The room was a nice size, the bed comfortable and the linens very nice. It we also extremely quiet in the hallways - we almost never heard anyone coming or going and the hotel seemed pretty full. The restaurant next door was closed for renovation most of the time we were there but there is no shortage of good places to eat close by since we were only two blocks from Union Square. A great place for dim sum is just a half a block away and a fun diner is just up Powel St. The best part of our stay at The Monticello was the staff - always helpful, friendly and patient.We would recommend this hotel toanyone and we can't wait to return.	
Sep 1 2007 	Great choice!	The Monticello Inn is an outstanding value!We booked a 2 room King Jefferson Suite on Expedia and paid only $104.00 per night. This hotel is located right around the corner form the Powell St. Cable Car turn-around and the Bart/Muni station, so you can get to practically anywhere in the city easily. The hotel is nicely decorated, clean, and well run. The bed was very comfortable and the suite even had 2 TVs, so our child could watch in her own room, which had a double pull-out sofa bed. If you want a quieter room, ask for an inner courtyard room.There is also free wireless internet in all of the rooms, as well as a computer and printer in the lobby if you need it, good for printing out boarding passes and such.There is an Italian restaurant next door with good food and a great kid's menu: your children can actually make their own pizza with their choice of ingredients!There is complimentary coffee and tea and a very limited Continental breakfast served in the lobby. If you want a regular breakfast there are lots of options nearby, such as Sears on Powell St., Starbucks, etc. In the evening, wine and foccacia bread are served. If you are visiting San Francisco with or without kids and want a comfortable home base from which to explore, the Monticello Inn is an excellent choice!	
Aug 21 2007 	Monticello Inn very pleasant comfortable	Although small, the rooms were very comfortable and clean. I especially enjoyed the comfortable beds and pillows. Each evening the hotel provides wine and coffee for hotel guests during a gathering in the hotel lobby. The morning continental breakfast was not out of the ordinary -- croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, coffee, tea, although it was certainly acequate. However, the hotel desk staff and concierge were extraordinarily accomodating and pleasant. Rates are good -- shop around as you can find differences of as much as $20/day. The location is 3 blocks from Union Square, 1 block from the Powell/Mason cable car turnaround, 1 block from BART. I would definitely recommend Monticello Inn!!	
Aug 8 2007 	A Great Location Staff and Accomodations	The Monticello was recommended to us by another friend who had researched it but had not yet checked in to stay. When searching for a hotel we were concerned with location to public transportation, an included breakfast and a quiet spacious room since we would be in San Fran for a week. The Monticello provided all of these things along with an evening wine reception, exceedingly friendly and accomodating staff who got to know us and regularly asked about our day or evening and whether we needed anything. We can't say enough about the location as we took BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) from the airport for about $5 each and came out 1 block from the hotel at the Powell Street station. The street cars, cable cars and buses are all within one block as well. We enjoyed the breakfast each morning which consisted of: coffee, tea, muffins, croissants, various other pastries, and fruit. The only thing missing was juice and/or water as there was nothing for non-coffee/tea drinkers. The complimentary evening wine was either red or white along with some type of bread. The room that we had was a Deluxe King facing a wall but was very quiet yet near the elevator. Since the hotel is on a busy street, I think that we benefited facing the wall. We still had three windows that let daylight in. The room itself was spacious and tastefully decorated with: a king bed, desk, two arm chairs and a small fridge. The bathroom was a decent size with a shower only. The free wireless internet and free lobby internet station allowed us to keep in touch and check-in for our return flight right from the hotel. Everything was super clean throughout the hotel including the lobby bathrooms. We laughed at how often we ran into a housekeeper sweeping the elevators. While here we have already recommended this property to several people who we ran into who were complaining about paying high rates at chain hotels. This was very affordable with their internet special combined with AAA. We would definitely stay at the Monticello again.	
Aug 2 2007 	Unbelievable Lack of Customer Care	When we checked in on July 26, we gave them our keys for valet parking since this is downtown. On the 28th the staff brought our van to us with the back window totally burst out. They proceeded to tell us that this was our problem and between us and the parking garage. They did not even apologize. After the garage employee came he told us that if we didn't pitch a fit nothing would get done. I had a pretty big rant on the garage manager who told us it would take 2-3 weeks to get approval to fix. At that time we learned that the hotel had known that our car had sustained damage, but they had chosen to fail to tell us about it. We only saw the damage at check-out. I demanded to know why they had chosen to not disclose this to us so that we could get it fixed. They at first lied that they didn't know, but after the garage person said they had been notified, the desk lady changed her mind. When the front desk manager arrived, I asked him to refund us our stay because of the hassle this was causing us. It took me over 2 hours of arguing with him to even agree to refund one day. I am still in the process of getting the 2nd day refunded. The desk clerk reminded us that she had offered us a solution. The only solution she offered was to bring our vehicle with a broken window. It took them 5 hours to get our van fixed while my family waited in the lobby. They never once apologized until I told them that they had not apologized. I also said they could at least offer my children a drink. They never did. The parking garage manager actually wound up buying lunch for my family while the hotel only proceeded to make excuses and blame and deny that they did anything wrong. The bellman was the only one from the hotel that from the beginning said he was sorry, and he was yelled at by the manager to stay out of the matter. We were appalled at their lack of care or concern for our family. A minor fact...the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; consisted of only bananas, muffins, and pastry.	
Aug 1 2007	Great location warm reception	I booked via website for the AAA price of $96 per night. This included a continental breakfast (apples, bananas, croissants, muffin, pastry, and coffee and tea) from 6:30-8:30, a wine hour from 5:00-6:00 with foccacia, and coffee and tea available throughout the day. There is also a computer and printer available for use without cost. Helen, at the front desk, is so warm and welcoming. I felt all employees were quite friendly and willing to help in any way. My room had a king bed, desk, chest with small refrigerator, nightstand, TV in armoire, nothing fancy but very comfortable. The bathroom was small, but much larger than ones I stayed in in Europe this summer. Location is ideal for anyone using BART or other mass transportation- a short walk to the Powell ST. station. There are homeless asking for handouts all over, but not unlike other urban areas, but didn't feel this detered from my enjoyment of the area. Be sure to check your invoice upon checkout, my second night was billed $15 higher but this was taken care of as I had my email confirmation with cost listed. I had reservations at the Parc 55 next door, but a local friend said I'd enjoy a smaller hotel more.... which I did. I'd definitely come back.	
Aug 1 2007 	Terrific Location at the Monticello	For our first vacation to San Francisco, the location was terrific for getting to everywhere. My wife and I didn't want to spend a great deal on the hotel because we were spending more on the attractions so we got what we thought we were getting. We did have a problem with the lady at the front desk when we checked in the evening we arrived. Seemed surprised we had a reservation for a suite and almost made it seem like we would not get it. They also put another $250 hold on our card though we had already paid for the room. The in room &quot;bar&quot; consisted of two bottles of water.	
Jul 19 2007 	Would stay Again - again	Monticello Inn was well maintained hotel. I stayed for a conference that was happening down at the Hyatt. I was able to arrange a ride to the Hyatt every morning at no cost.The hotel staff was friendly. However, there was some confusion with car service and check out times but they were quickly fixed. The room was small but functional. I couldn’t see 4 people being in the room at one time. The hotel is on the cusp of the tenderloin so be careful when walking around at night. There is an excellent diner not far from the hotel. I highly recommend trying the diners in the area.Great place to say at a reasonable price.	
Jul 12 2007 	Average	I stayed at the Inn during my vacation in San Francisco. The location was perfect as it was so close to everything I needed. However, the service was average. The front desk staff was friendly, but I didn't quit understand how the housekeeping work in the Inn. I was not happy the fact that I was waken by housekeeping at 1pm in the afternoon asking if I need service. Understood from the point that they try to get their job done, but simply leave a friendly note under the door will do just fine. I was there for the purpose of vacation!!The room they gave to me was a handicape room. It had the worst shower ever. The shower head was at my shoulder. The person who checked me in obviously see how tall and big my boyfriend and me was. Maybe she just don't like me? The room was located on the back side of the hotel, where the restaurant dump their garbages and empty bottles. The noise woke me up every single morning. It was very weird the time restaurant chose to take out garbages?!!I have worked in a four star boutique hotel and resorts before. From the way that the Inn tried to advertise itself online, the facility and service just not up to the expectation yet. Working at the Front desk, you need to have the ability to read guest's mind, for example: when see a guest who is tall and big, you should instant figure out that a handicape room with a double bed just wouldn't work. It's all about the details, and how you judge the situation. Anyways, I will still recommand it to others because the price is reasonable and the location is really great. Those facts sort of balanced out the service quality. If you looking for a deal and only need a convenience place to stay in San Fran, it's perfect. If you looking for comfort and great service, you might thinking pay a few bucks more.	
Jul 1 2007 	Monticello Inn - TINY rooms!	Location was the best that this hotel had to offer. It is only a 2 min. walk from the BART stop at Union Square. It was also quiet, but that may vary by room. At 2 there were no rooms ready. We checked in again at 3:30 and were told they only had 1 room - 503. This room looked great - it was very big. Turns out that this is because it was a handicapped accessible room. This would be fine except the shower head was only 3 ft. off the floor and this would not work well for me even though I am only 5;2&quot;. Also, there was a loud noise, like a motor non-stop in the room. We were then given 501 and took it just to have a room at that point. It was SMALL! I could have washed my hair in the sink while sitting on the toilet (not that I would want to, but I could have!) The &quot;boutiqueiness&quot; of the hotel was also lacking. The white duvet and blue and white striped walls were nice. Otherwise, the place looked dated and a bit fleabaggy to be honest. Especially with our view of a delapidated building next door. The &quot;breakfast&quot; was some bread prodcuts and bananas. They constantly ran out of coffee and croissants. The wine reception was a nice touch, but very simple. The staff were nice but useless. Waited over 1 hour for towels one night before having to ask again and wait for them in person. Another night they could not give us soap because they did not know where it was (?!) For $95/nt in SF it was OK, but I was glad to only be there for 2 nights.	
Jun 27 2007 	Superb Location!	Great location for tourists. Really clean (if somewhat small) rooms. Helpful staff. Lovely restaurant / bar next door.Would certainly recommend!!	
May 11 2007	Small but very nice	I stayed at the Monticello for 5 nights while attending JavaOne. This hotel was really great: - It's 4 blocks from the Moscone Center. I was able to walk to the center each morning and back each evening (as late as 11pm) - The have a complementary breakfast. It's not much, but there was always some fruit and coffee. - The hotel has good 802.11 wireless internest system which was easy for my computer to attach to and use.The room is small and the bathroom doesn't have a tub, just a shower. Still for what I needed, a place to sleep and wash up this was a great hotel for the price compared to all the others.	
May 11 2007 	Nice Hotel and Good Location	For my very limited travel history and first time in San Francisco, I did my research and decided the Monticello Inn was the best choice and I was not wrong. The location was within a short walking distance to where I was there for as well as a major mall, drug stores, restaurants, bus, BART, and the famous trolley car. My room was on the top floor (5th) and it was quiet and clean. I wish the refrigerator was larger and more free TV channels. The bathroom is small but more than adequatet for one or two people. The wireless was great. Lobby is beautiful. Staff is very helpful all during the day. Continental breakfast could have more variety and I did not see any juices available. I think a updated list of local restaurants, drug stores, grocery store, and other shops could be provided in each room. I found the list in my room rather sparse. Overall I would definitely choose the Monticello Inn again if of couse that it was near where I needed to conduct my business.	
Apr 30 2007 	a great stay	My husband and I were staying over one night in San Francisco. I had read poor reviews of my other selection on-line and got rather concerned about the choice. We booked the Monticello after canceling the Nob Hill. The Monticello worked out great for us. The location was perfect for the theatre, shopping and walking. The staff was very pleasant and we were comfortable in our room. The bed felt good after hours of walking. The wine social hour was available to us for two days (we left our bags there while we went sight seeing after check out). We would stay there again.The hotel is older but being run by Larkspur now; so expect some upgrades. Overall; peaceful, nicely decorated and a great find.	
Apr 29 2007 	Loved the Monticello	I booked the Monticello because of their terrific rates and favorable reviews from fellow travelers, for a leisure weekend trip. I was very happy with the property and staff and would return.My three favorite things about the Monticello:1,) The location is outstanding. Near Union Square, the Westfield Shopping Center (Bloomingdales &amp; Nordstrom), cable cars, BART -- you can't beat it2.) The hotel is very clean. I'm somewhat of a cleanliness fanatic and wasn't disappointed. Yes, the rooms are smallish (typical for SF hotels, though) but they are very, very clean. Ditto for the lobbies/public areas.3.) The Sunday New York Times is free in the lobby (there was a big pile of them, not just one). Classy.Other mentionables -- nice bath products (Lather), nice staff (from the front desk folks to the maids and maintenance workers), and quiet. I saw other reviews complaining about the noise level, which I could see if you stayed in a street-facing rom, but mine faced the inner courtyard and was blissfully quiet.	
Apr 8 2007	Fabulous. Large Room 5 Star Staff.	Quaint, typical, beautiful, older San Francisco hotel. The place was very clean. The King-King room (5th floor-524) was large, quiet and clean, and had a refrigerator, but no coffee maker. The beds were very comfortable. All of the staff treated us like they had been trained at a 5 star hotel. They were wonderful, without exception.. They served wine in the evening and a continental breakfast in the morning. The wireless didn't work in the room, but they had a computer in the lobby for our use. The rates were incredible, and it was only 1 block to the cable cars. We usually stay at the Marriott, but thought we'd try this place. I was apprehensive about a hotel that only charged $109. a night for a king-king room, which included parking. What a nice surprise. This was an absolutely outstanding visit. We will return.	
Mar 25 2007 	Good Value	We booked this hotel through priceline several years ago and got a fantastic deal - around $70/night. It's small and a bit faded but it had charm and the location is fantastic. It's a lot more fun than paying the same price or more to stay at a motor lodge on Lombard street.	
Dec 26 2006 	Fading but still OK	Having stayed here 10 years ago, I was a little disappointed. Curtains in the room were shabby, front desk/bell service were mixed. Older furniture with poor lighting. Cleanliness could be better. Floors are creaky; bathroom is tiny. It's still a good buy at $107/$125 for a huge room with 2 beds a few blocks from Union Square. Someone still dumps what sounds like a truck-load of bottles sometime during each night. But the alley rooms are quieter overall than the street rooms. Continental breakfast was a little stingy but this is SF. There's a notice on the front window announcing change of ownership. It appears that Kimpton doesn't want to do the major renovation needed.	
Dec 17 2006 	Once is enough for this hotel	My &quot;non-smoking&quot; room featured an ashtray and reeked of smoke, and I'd trade the honor bar for an in-room coffee maker day. Don't let them give you a room overlooking the alley-- the restaurant staff enjoy loudly dumping the glass recyclables into a bin there into the early morning.If a reasonably low price and convenient location is all that matters to you, you'll probably be okay. I won't be going back.	
Dec 9 2006 	Pleasant boutique hotel super location	The Monticello is a charming hotel conveniently located in Union Square. The location is great - sites and public transportation are easily accessible and/or within walking distance. It's an older building but that doesn't negatively affect the comfort factor - beds and rooms are comfy, bathrooms work well, everything is clean and updated. Continental breakfast is convenient; though we never ate full breakfast (there are plenty of places nearby), it sure made for a great cup of coffee to go for our car ride to the airport. Lobby wine tastings and poetry readings are a nice touch. Very friendly service.My husband lived in San Fran for several years and he says the Monticello is a great tourist option. We would stay there again!	
Nov 30 2006 	Monticello Inn	I stayed here for a business meeting right after Thanksgiving. I paid AAA rate of $107/night + tax. My plane was delayed about 4 hours and I didn't arrive until after 1 AM. I called the hotel and they assured me the room would be held. I walked 2 short blocks from Market &amp; Powell to the hotel, after midnight and had no trouble, nor felt any fear walking to the hotel. Once I arrived, David, the night desk staff was very gracious and helpful.As other reviews mentioned, the room was small but not as small as some other places. I had requested a king bed. The bathroom *was* small, not even room for a tub just a shower. As I was just using the room to sleep and get ready for meetings, it was perfect. Internet connection was excellent both days. You do have to go to the Kimpton page to agree with the terms but then you get a small logged in window that you can just minimize. After that, open your browser up in a new window &amp; off you go. Only drawback is that there was only 1 electrical plug that I could find in the room and 1 of the 2 receptacles was for the lamp on the desk. Good thing I had brought my travel surge protector, or else I would have had to charge my cell phone with the bathroom plug! No icemakers on the floors, nor ice buckets in the rooms. I went looking for ice at 2am the first night, found a janitor who went down to the basement and brought me some ice in a large crystal ice pitcher! The continental breakfast for $6.50 is a waste. Save your money and eat at other places around the hotel. The wine at night is removed PROMPTLY at 6pm. They offer a Chardonnay and a Shiraz. All in all, a convenient, charming hotel.	
Nov 25 2006 	Great location decent room	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Because the hotel is older, the rooms are painfully small, the price you sometimes pay for a hotel with a lot of character. However, the rooms are well-maintained and clean, and well-worth the cost--we paid $98 a night. The linens were good quality and the bed was comfortable. The lobby is beautiful. One major drawback was street noise, especially on the weekend and on Wednesday night, street cleaning night. I turned the air conditioner fan up to high to make white noise, so I only needed earplugs for Sat, Sun, and Wednesday. (My husband slept fine through all the noise except sirens one night.) Second, the wi-fi service in the room was slow and inconveniently required us to agree to the terms of use and go through two hotel websites (Kimpton Hotels and then Monticello's) before we could access the internet. It made us do this EVERY time we logged in, even if we had already logged in earlier that day. However, overall, we enjoyed our stay and would stay there again. The room felt like home and we slept well. The staff was extremely courteous. The location was great for touring the city and it was easy to find spots for breakfast and dinner. We loved Lori's diner, Betty Boop's Diner, and an Italian restaurant nearby.	
Nov 10 2006 	Great location for Aging Hotel	Stayed 3 nights here while at a conference for work. Location a block from Powell St. Station is ideal. My room was much bigger than most, yet the bathroom was extremely small. Room faced courtyard which is great in this part of the city since I'd gladly sacrifice view for quiet. Rooms are looking a little shabby from age but bedding is great. The Monticello is definitely a step down from other Kimpton Hotels and is also reflected in the staff which seem much less experienced than other Kimpton Hotels. On the upside, I only paid $125/night through my travel agent which is a great deal in downtown SF.	
Oct 17 2006 	Great location decent hotel.	When I checked in, I was in regular king room. Walked in and it smelled horrible (as if someone had just smoked a joint in it). After trying to bear it for a few minutes, I went straight down to the front desk and informed them of the problem. The desk clerk immediately upgraded me to a suite - no questions asked - and it was FABULOUS. Huge, two rooms, two televisions, quiet and very comfortable. If you are going to stay here, the suite is the way to go. Also, location is great. Walk out the front door, walk a few steps to the right, and you're on Powell Street at the cable car turnaround. Union Square is a couple of blocks up Powell. I would definitely stay in a suite here again.	
Oct 5 2006 	Loved it!	I spent a week at the Monticello with my boyfriend back in July. I loved it, it was very reasonably priced and more than we expected. The staff was great, especially the nighttime concierge! Always offering free tea, coffee, and wine to us. They unexpectedly upgraded us to a suite for the same price, and it was very large and spacious. The room was handicapped accessible, so the bathroom was very large also.  The only fault I found was that the showerhead was awkwardly placed, but it still worked fine! And the tv was not really placed well, but that could be easily manipulated, and who goes on vacation to watch TV?  The location is very ideal. No need for a car, get a week long MUNI pass and map, and just take the busses everywhere! It gives you more of a chance to explore the city, and they go anywhere you would want to. (I suggest starting over by the Golden Gate Bridge, and then move closer daily, to prepare for being more tired.)Overall I was more than pleased with my stay. Great staff, very comfortable, clean, decorative, and secure hotel, great location, would definitely go back again!	
Aug 30 2006 	a very pleasant stay	My family and I, 4 adults, stayed at the Monticello Inn for 4 nights. We booked a non-smoking room with 2 king beds online throught the Monticello/Kimpton website with no problem.  The location was great. Right in Union Square, it was within easy walking distance of shopping and cable cars. Although we had a car, we could have easily used public transportation anywhere since it seems that most lines cross through Union Sq. The room was very nice. Despite the building's age, the hotel is well kept and clean, with comfortable beds and pillows. I was relieved that the room did not, in fact, smell of smoke at all (being a non-smoking room I expected that, but I'd been rudely surprised before). The bathrooms are small, but how big does a bathroom need to be? They had dispensers instead of bottles (supposedly to avoid the waste caused by amenity packaging) for hand soap, lotion, shampoo, conditioner and shower gel. My only real complaint about the bathroom is the shower head was not very good Since we did had a car, we opted for the parking package which included valet parking in the price of the stay. Although we did have some trouble due to some miscommunication between the front desk and the parking garage, it was convinient to not have to look for parking every night. The downside to this is if you leave something in your car, you need to have them bring the car back up from the garage in order to get it. The staff were all very friendly and always offered directions when we took the car out. Unfortunately the continental breakfast was $6 per person, but the staff gave us very good recommendations for nearby breakfast places. Overall it was a pleasant stay, and since we could walk to so many places we felt that we got a much better idea of what the city is actually like rather than just hitting the tourist hot spots.	
Jul 28 2006	Value Location and Great Service!	4 families in our party for a San Franciso-area wedding. I booked for 2 of us by checking the Expedia/Travelocity rates...then, took advantage of Kimpton's website guarantee to match low rates and top with a free room upgrade. We got Jefferson King suites facing courtyard...each suite is 2 large, high-ceilinged rooms with good-size bath and 6' tub. Tons of seating, honor bar mini-fridge, 2 TVs...amazingly comfy bed. Other 2 families in our group booked elsewhere for less square footage at twice the price.July heatwave, but we had A/C (admittedly, it struggled a bit for the 2 large rooms, but not uncomfortable.) Hotel is older, but has been updated with new carpet, paint, wallpaper, and upholstery...spotless throughout.PERFECT location...you can walk to theatres, Union Square, Chinatown, or Civic Ctr area...even Embarcadero. North Beach (uphill) is a little stretch, but streetcars and cable cars are within a block or two for Fisherman's Wharf, etc. Try Lefty O'Douls on Geary for a great hot breakfast under $7.Maids, concierge, desk clerk...even maintenance guy...all VERY friendly and just like family to us. Continental bkfst is $6.50 if you want the cereal/juice/pastries, but coffee &amp; hot tea is free. Free wine and focaccia bread from 5-6pm...even book reviews onsite each Wednesday. EXCELLENT service...I would not think of staying elsewhere unless another Kimpton in the same area if this one is booked.	
Jun 29 2006	Great time at the Monticello	We spent 3 nights at the Monticello Inn and found it to be in a fantasic position, ideal for shopping, entertainment and transport links being a minutes walk from the bart station and the cable car turnaround.The rooms were spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Very impressed with the hotel in general and would definately book here again.	
Jun 28 2006	Neither Best nor Worst	Stayed four nights at the Monticello early May. Found it to be comfortable and clean although a little cramped, but we did not pay a luxury price tag, so were quite satisfied. We also appreciated the &quot;view&quot; our room had over the central courtyard, it meant it was quiet and restful. The hotel is well located at the bottom of Powell, close to the Tenderloin, but we had no concerns, day or night and were never bothered by anyone. The bathroom was very clean with a full bath and good shower pressure. A well stocked mini-bar at reasonable prices, generous free wine tasting of an evening in the lobby and the staff were attentive and helpful. The Puccini &amp; Panetti restaurant next door is excellent. Would stay again at these prices.	
Jun 13 2006	Location Location Location	My 5-night stay at the Monticello was entirely excellent. I appreciate some of the comments written by other guests about compact bathrooms or repainted decor - but I couldn't fault the cleanliness, or the size and quiet of our two-super-king bedded room. The beds themselves were extremely comfortable, the air-conditioner of the older-fashioned window type was efficient and not so noisy as to stop me sleeping. At these prices I didn't expect a &quot;view&quot; and the internal courtyard meant blissfully quiet nights in the busy centre of a busy city. Surely that's not to be sneezed at?One small quibble - trying to book by telephone or online with Kimpton Central reservations was tricky, the website failed a couple of times, and the telephone response varied sharply according to which operator answered the call - I recommend speaking directly to the charming staff within the hotel itself to make your reservation and secure the room - AND the rate - that you want. Certainly worked for me.Of course parking is expensive, so ditch the car - you can walk, cable car, subway or tram it everywhere from here, and see much more of this fascinating city in the process!	
May 31 2006	Not Really A Kimpton Hotel - Surely	We stopped at the Monticello Inn on the last leg our vacation which had seen us stay at 9 hotels during the last month. We had chosen this hotel due to its location and the fact we felt reasurred that Kimpton group hotels are normally of a high standard. Unfortunately we were tought a lesson on this occasion. We were impressed with the lobby and public areas, when we got to our room it was horrible. We had a window which looked out on a disgusting square in the centre of the hotel as did most of the other rooms. The windows were filthy. The bathroom was tiny and instead of the usual high quality toiletries offered, these had been replaced by horrible dispensers. The walls were paper thin as we discovered when listening to our neighbors 'been intimate' (which incidentally was quite a good a show)!!The rooms were also very small, the bed was uncomfortable and creaky.We also didn’t like the position of the hotel straight outside the lobby was normally beggars. We wished we stayed at Fisherman’s Warf with the other tourists.	
May 17 2006	RUN DOWN HOTEL	Yes, this hotel is in a great location, but beware of a hotel that is long overdue for a rehab. At first the lobby is very nice, so you expect the room to be nice, but when we walked in the room you could smell mold. The carpet needs to be replaced and the walls have been painted over many times. The A/C is a small unit in a window of the bedroom which does not cool down the living room. I left the A/C unit on to keep the room cool, but the staff turns it off after they clean, so when you get back to your room after a long day the room is hot and smells. The bathroom is very small and needs to be re-done. The sink is 6 inches away from the toilet. I know the hotel is an old building, but put a little money into your rooms to make them half way decent. I dont know what others saw in this hotel!	
Apr 26 2006	Love the Monticello!!!	We just returned from a long weekend at the Monticello Inn. This is our second stay at this lovely little hotel. We love the homey atmosphere and gracious staff. The service is wonderul. The new pillow top beds are very comfortable. The rooms are clean and well maintained for an older hotel. Mini bars are well stocked and extras like irons and ironing boards are nice to have. We stay in the city several times a year, and have stayed in every major hotel. We really appreciate the service of this small hotel. We love this wonderful hotel and will return every time we go to the city.	
Mar 28 2006	Wonderful Location and Room	I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Monticello Inn for a long weekend in San Francisco. Having stayed within the Kimpton chain in San Francisco previously, I had a high expectation for service that was met by all staff members I came in contact with.When I arrived, I was immediately greeted at the door and they made quick arrangements for my car to be parked (note that parking is $33 per day plus tax, which I knew about before hand and chose to pay on this trip). Since I arrived around 1 pm, I did not expect my room to be ready, but it was! This was an added bonus.I had reseved a king room with a AAA rate, but was upgraded to a suite. The suite was on the 4th floor facing the courtyard and was great. It was two rooms, with an incredibly comfortable bed and a nice sitting area in the &quot;living room&quot;. The hotel also has free wireless internet access throughout as well as complimentary coffee service in the morning and a wine reception in the afternoon.The Monticello's location cannot be beat. My wife and I love walking around San Francisco, and from its location a block from the cable car terminus at Powell and Market, it cannot be beat.We did not try the restaurant at the hotel, but the menu and decor looked very nice.	
Feb 15 2006	Great Location and Friendly Staff	My Fiance and I stayed at the Monticello Inn from Feb 11-13 and have nothing but good things to say about it. We had purchased the room on Hotwire.com and were a bit apprehensive as we had never stayed at a Kimpton Hotel before, but were very pleased. You can't beat the location... on the corner of Ellis and Powell which is literally a 30 sec walk to the cable cars (which are $5 per trip). The old-fashioned trolley cars are around the corner also a must and much cheaper at $1.50 (which includes a transfer good on any lines for 3 hrs).The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and helpful (especially when we had to extend our stay by one night due to my fiance getting food poisioning). And the hotel was suprisingly quite, even though we were right in the heart of the city. Ask for a courtyard room if you can, we had one the first night and it was great. No noise at all, but you do lose out on any view. The only problem with the rooms was the size... but it is a boutique hotel.Another perk of the hotel is their complimentary wine-tasting every night from 5-6. The best part is you are able to take it with you to your room to sip while watching the early news! As for their contential breakfast at $6.00 - not really worth it as there are tons of bakerys and coffee shops in the neighbourhood where you can get the same stuff for half the price.Overall, I was very pleased with the hotel and would recommed it for anyone looking for great value and fantastic quality right in one of the greatest shopping meccas of the USA!	
Dec 6 2005	Very good - will return	I stayed at the Monticello for 4 nights in November. I was quite pleased and plan to stay there again. On the plus side:1. Excellent downtown location.2. Extremely close to all forms of public transportation.3. Good restaurants and shopping nearby.4. My king room was very comfortable and quiet. If this important to you, ask for an inside (courtyard) room if one is available. Bed, linens, bath, etc. excellent. Tourists and residents alike know that this area of SFO is very noisy. Coming back to my room was like visiting a private oasis of cushy silence.5. No hitches with reservations, requests, etc.Some parts of the hotel could use a bit of renovation touch-up...paint here and there, door frames, wear &amp; tear, carpet edges, etc.I didn't try the continental breakfast (minimal extra charge) but the set up looked nice.The hotel doesn't have a pool, fitness club, etc. if that's what you're looking for. They do, however, arrange for in-room yoga, massage, beauty facials, etc. for rather high prices.A very nice, comfortable stay overall.	
Dec 5 2005	Monticello In - Great location	We selected the Monticello on the basis of our research on the Internet and in particular for its location to the BART. This enabled us to travel from the San Francisco International Airport to within about 150yds of the hotel. When we walked up the ramp from the BART to the the end of Powell Street we were blown away as it was our first time in San Francisco and with the cable car in front of us it was like being in a postcard. We also used Google Earth to check out its location within the city and its closeness to other facilities.The hotel was most acceptable given that we didn't want to spend our limited funds on expensive accommodation. Its location is superb. The hotel is an old hotel that has been refurbished but I wouldn't say modernised but it is clean and the staff are very friendly. The rooms are rather small but that didn't bother us as we spent most of our time out looking around the city. It is near to the corners of Market &amp; Powell Streets which gives you immediate access to the cable car terminus, trams to the Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square and Maceys, The BART terminus and there are plenty of tourist shops and food stores nearby.If we went again we would definitely ask for a courtyard room because the noise on the street side rooms was terrible. We were jet-lagged after a trip from Australia so needed some good sleep but it was just not possible in the room we were in. So with that proviso we would definitely return.	
Nov 16 2005 	WIll Be Returning to the Monticello	I travel to San Francisco on business every few months and am always looking for a better hotel deal. SF hotels are across the board on price and quality and you quickly learn that a higher price does not necessarily mean a nicer hotel or location. The Monticello Inn is well-located for tourists and business travelers alike: less than two blocks from Union Square and less than a block from the SF Mall (Nordstrom's, etc.), BART station, and several good restaurants, five to ten minute cab ride from civic center plaza or the business district.One of the biggest pluses of the Monticello (for those of us who like to have our best friends with us) is that they accept dogs (I believe the entire Kimpton chain accepts dogs). I arrived with my three 50+ pound dogs - no problem. At check-in the clerk even offered a free upgrade to a suite so that I could have more room for the dogs. Incredible; very appreciated. The suite was spacious, nicely decorated, very clean. After reading reviews here I requested an inside room and it was nice and quiet though the view is of the air vents.Staff was very friendly and always greeted my dogs as well as me.Continental breakfast in the morning for $6.50 is a true &quot;continental&quot; - just coffee, juice, muffins and fruit. I prefer more substance. Valet parking with in and out privileges for $29 is very reasonable for SF. Only complaint would be that valet was slow in retrieving car when I wanted it. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel and will be staying here again myself very soon.	
Sep 27 2005	Excellent value	I really enjoyed The Monticello and would have no hesitation of staying there again. I had one of the Jefferson suites and found it to be very comfortable and homey. Ask for a view of the interior courtyard as there was absoultely no noise. Best things about this hotel: the service, the beds and the location. Worst things about this hotel: could not find anything. Enjoy this great value hotel.	
Sep 18 2005 	Great place to stay in the center of SF	Not much to add to the previous reviews:A great location (BART, cable car, everything...)...nice decor...clean and pleasant rooms...friendly staff...wine reception...breakfast if needed (note that there are also many Starbucks around)...free wireless internet and newspaper.Not really negative points but be aware of:Rooms towards front will be noisy...rooms towards the back are absolutely quiet but the view of brick walls is somewhat depressing...low shower pressure...why no pictures on the wall?Advice: we got the Monticello for an amazing price in a package deal with Expedia.	
Sep 15 2005	Monticello Inn Was a Pleasant Stay	I traveled to San Francisco with my sister who was attending a business convention at the Marriott. This little boutique hotel was quite charming and very close to the public transportation I chose - the BART station for to and from the SFO airport, and the cable cars for to and from the wharf areas. Very clean room and bath. We were not able to attend their wine reception one night, and a nice man on staff was able to produce a glass for each of us. They provided continental breakfast vouchers for us. This proved a great time saver for us on the days that we just wanted to get out and get started on our sightseeing days. It was very handy to grab a muffin, croissant, juice and coffee as we hurried out for our busy days. I did not dine at the restaurant on site, nor did we order room service. There is a Subway sandwich shop right next door. Very close proximity to Union Square shopping - which can be a good or bad thing! I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 6 2005	I would definately stay there again!	Great location, clean, sophisticated hotel, and good quality bed and professional staff. The hotel provides the quality and comfort. Definately a good place to stay!	
Aug 31 2005 	Excellent Service -Average Accommodations	We just returned from a week in San Francisco. We chose the Monticello based primarily on Kimpton's pet friendly policies and the hotel's proximity to the Moscone Convention Center. We were graciously welcomed and our little dog developed a huge fan club. The front desk staff consistently went above and beyond the normal 3 star call of duty by providing us with directions - calling cabs - giving us restaurant recommendations and helping with reservations. They were also great about keeping our cell phone number on hand just in case our little dog got distressed and started barking or something during the few occassions we left him alone in the room. The room was average - nothing special though. We booked a Jefferson suite, so it was nice to have the extra space. The bathroom was a little worn and could use some updating, but it was clean and well kept during the course of our visit. I can't say I'm a big fan of the dispensers for soap and shampoo and whatnot, but I'm sure that the environment is (at least that's what the little sign said.) The only problem (and I can't say that it was an insignificant one) that we had with our room was street noise. We were on the second floor (the only pet friendly floor) and the noise was pretty bad. Being near an intersection, we heard a lot of sirens and brakes squealing. Every morning around 3 a.m., the street sweepers and trash trucks came through. The staff was apologetic and we realized, of course, that it was out of their control. They could not move us to another floor because of the dog and all of the inside rooms were already booked, so we made the best of it. Thankfully, we always travel with a white noise machine and that helped somewhat. We would definitely consider staying at the hotel again, but next time we would specify that we wanted a room as far away from the street as possible.	
Jul 20 2005	Great location good value	My husband and I stayed at the Monticello Inn for four nights while on our honeymoon. The staff was friendly and always helpful. The rooms were small but clean. The breakfast was horrible (toast and coffee, some mornings there were small muffins and old bananas) and we wouldn't recommend paying for breakfast. The location is great for shopping, eating and site-seeing, especially if you're getting around the city on foot or by cable car.	
Jul 17 2005 	A Hidden Gem	I stayed at the Monticellno Inn for 4 nights for a big conference that took up over 50% of hotels in San Francisco. This hotel was not my original choice. My office booked this hotel for me because my three hotel preferences were sold out (Hotel Monaco, Grand Hyatt, W). I kept an open mind upon check in. The hotel just completed renovation in all rooms. I had a suite on the top floor. It was nicely decorated, stocked with a good variety of magazines, and the staff was very pleasant. There was some steet noise but I did not have trouble sleeping. The showerhead is the &quot;water saver&quot; model that could use more pressure and water volume. The complimenary wireless internet was convenient and worked well. There was no coffee maker in the room, but I was able to get good fresh coffee from the lobby every morning. The public areas have new furnitures, comfortable and inviting, and were kept cleaned at all times. Liked the free newspaper in the lobby (San Francisco Chronicle, Financial Times, The Examiner). The afternoon wine hour was a very nice touch and enjoyable. Requested wake up calls every day, but only received 2 calls out of the 4 requests. I used the bedside alarm clock as a back-up so it worked out fine. The valet parking at $30 per day is reasonable when compared to other nearby hotels that charge $35 and up. The $6.50 continental breakfast was convenient at the hotel library lounge, which is a more pleasant place to have breakfast than the noisy crowds and dirty tables at Starbuck or greasy diners. The location is one of the best, cable car around the corner, and walking distance to the Moscone center and shops. Special acknowlegement goes to Ms. Tammy Tran for the great renovation, and Ms. Cue Li of taking care of my accommodation request. The Monticello Inn is a hidden gem and I highly recommend it if you don't need to be in a &quot;name brand&quot; and/or &quot;trendy&quot; hotel and you enjoy an inn that offers an unassuming ambience, quiet elegance with early American charm.	
Jun 25 2005	Great location 	I stayed at the Monticello based on reviews from Trip Advisor. I was a bit concerned that the reviews varied but I couldn't beat the price of $109US per night. The reviews probably vary becauase the room are most definitely 'tired'. But they are clean and attractive. The location is unbeatable. Minutes to Union Square &amp; around the corner from the trolly &amp; BART (30minutes directly to the airport - unbelievable $$savings!!). The corner room I got was twice the size of the pictures posted here &amp; the shampoo/conditioner/soap were high quality. Staff were very friendly - I never waited for service - early check-in/late check-out &amp; they stored our bags while we were out of the room but not yet ready for our flight. The $6.50 per room! breakfast was well worth it for a quick morning snack. Much more affordable than the greasy $20 diner breakfast around the corner. My biggest complaint was that the air conditioning didn't work. HOWEVER - I was advised that the entire hotel would have new units by Aug05. Once that's updated I would definitely choose the Monticello.	
May 31 2005	Great Location Decent hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Monticello Inn for two nights from May 28-30 (Memorial Day weekend). I paid $107 a night for a queen-bed room. we got a free upgrade to a king-bed. Great Location - 1 block from Union Square, close to the Cable car, bus line, restaurants, shopping areas. The room was small, but thats OK since we hardly spent any time indoors (except for sleeping and showering). The room had a peculiar odour too. The room AC took a long while to cool the room. The bathrooms are small. No coffee maker in the room. There was no street noise. The hotel provides breakfast for a nominal fee, but we preferred Subway (right next door) and starbucks (one block away). The hotel staff is friendly and very courteous. Hotel provides valet parking for $30 a day (quite expensive). All in all, this is a decent place to stay if you are going to be visiting SFO for a few days.	
May 17 2005	Beautiful simplicity	We have stayed here for two nights when attending my brother-in-law's wedding. The wedding itself was in the Sir Francis Drake Hotel, but I booked the Monticello as it had better reviews and I had a corporate discount. And it was about five minutes from the wedding location on foot.The location is excellent, and compared to other hotels, the noise level was lower, as it is off Powell Street (one block). Now, if you are living in the suburbs and never had a chance to get used to city environment, you might have trouble falling asleep as San Francisco IS a noisy city. We had another couple with us staying at the same hotel for the wedding, and they had sleep trouble, never having lived in a city.The hotel itself is VERY charming and the decor is really nice. I never quite understood complaints about small bathrooms or not being able to see television from the bed...I do not like chain hotels, I grew up poor, and this hotel reminded me some of the grand old hotels in my hometown in Central Europe. Yes, the rooms are small, and the bathrooms have some cracks and the paint might be chipped, but really...does this mater when you are sightseeing all day and you get to your room at oh-dark-thirty at night, ready to collapse? The furnishings might have been old, but everything was spotless clean.The staff was very, very accomodating. When after the wedding, we were in a crunch for time, and my husband realized that we could not return the rented tails he wore, the hotel staff offered to help us out and returned it that afternoon.The breakfast is $6.50 per room, not per person, and as such, is a really good value in the Union Square area of the town. Good croissants, orange juice and strong coffee, and the muffins were nice and fresh as well.The only thing we winced about was the valet parking price...but again, when remembering that this is San Francisco downtown, it's understandable.We will definitely stay here again when visiting.	
May 8 2005	Monticello Inn-A great place to stay	We found the Monticello Inn a great place to stay in San Francisco. The location is excellent - near Union Square, just around the corner from the cable car turnaround (be sure to ride holding on to the side, it's more fun than you'd imagine), BART and the tram to Fisherman's Wharf. The staff was friendly and accomodating, to the extent that when we registered they brought each of us a glass of wine since we had missed the wine reception.The rooms are small but comfortable, with very nice beds and linens. We'd certainly stay here again.	
Apr 12 2005	okay stay	My husband and I went up to the city for a one night stay. We searched on line for something close to Union Square, but not too expensive. We booked on the hotel's website for a breakfast package for $149 which included breakfast and parking. However, upon checkout, we were told that parking and breakfast were not included. They comped us the breakfast for a whopping $6.50 which is an outrageous price for croissants and muffins, coffee and juice. Checkout was not the right time to find out that they weren't going to pay for parking. Parking was $30. The total bill with tax and everything ended up being $200. This was not a $200 hotel!The location was GREAT! Couldn't be more convenient to Union Square. Right next to the cable car. Easy to get a cab. Just perfect location.The room itself was HUGE, but very poorly laid out. It was very difficult to watch TV from the bed, but impossible to watch it from the chairs. We had to sit on the bed in order to watch it. We couldn't lie in bed and watch TV. The bathroom was terribly tiny with barely enough room to turn around in. It is an eco-friendly hotel. So, everything was in dispenser's. Soap, shampoo, lotion, etc. I understand and am thrilled with this concept as it isn't so wasteful. However, the dispenser's didn't work that well. You either got a lot or a little, but never the right amount. If location is the most important thing to you, this is the place to stay, but that's the only reason.	
Mar 17 2005 	Nice hotel; good location	I stayed one night at the Monticello Inn in March 2005. The hotel was nicely decorated and gave the impression of a charming old inn. Pulling up out front for valet parking was crowded. Valet kept our car directly under the hotel which was very convenient. The morning continental breakfast for $6.50 was good but some hotels offer this for free. The room had a few problems: there was not a desk for my computer when using the internet connection, so I used the bed as a make-shift desk; the bathroom sink smelled like moldly laundry, although it appeared to be clean; the conditioner pump in the shower was empty, which I discovered while in the shower when I REALLY needed it; the &quot;touch&quot; lamp near the bed kept going on and off; the lights dimmed when more than one electrical device was being used. The room was moderately quiet but you could hear street noise. NOTE: For those of you not familiar with San Francisco, all hotel rooms will be noisy to some extent, even when they advertise quiet rooms. I have never stayed at one where I did not hear street noise. This is a big city with old buildings and even new, double paned windows will let noise through. If any noise bothers you, then either don't stay in the City or ask for an inner, no view room which may help. The location was awesome within walking distance to many things. I would stay again but prefer a hotel with a more modern feel.	
Mar 4 2005 	Great Location; Good Price	Stayed there for a week in February 2005 during a business trip. The location is wonderful. You're within easy walking distance of a lot of attractions, including the cable car stations. Lots of shopping in nearby Union Square. I flew in from Oakland and found the BART perfect -- drops you a block from the hotel at the Powell Street station. The nightly wine tastings in the library were a real treat. Well attended while I was there and a great way to meet others. Missed the Wednesday night book reading. I signed up for the morning continental breakfast and think I got my money's worth. $6 doesn't buy you much elsewhere in SF. Downsides if you're there for business: Wireless service was lousy. My cell didn't work well in my room, which faced the courtyard. Too much concrete between me and the cell tower. Also, they offer high speed thru wireless but I needed a special device that they were out of the week I was there so I couldn't do my work at night, had to find another location. The price was right; the staff superb. Highly recommend it, especially for pleasure travelers.	
Feb 26 2005	Very Noisy	My husband and I stayed here for a week: Dec 12-18, 2004. We are not very picky people - we are grad students, and have slept in very humble accomodations in many countries, and enjoy camping. However, when one pays $129/night, one expects a decent hotel stay.Pros: Location (right by Union Square); Free Internet Access; some Aveda bathroom products.Neutral: 5-6pm Happy Hour. The wine was not very good, and the lobby was so crowded. (We were there during a science conference, so it was a lot of young people trying to maximize their wine consumption during the 60 minute happy hour - kind of overwhelming if you do not like crowds). The corn bread was nice, though.Major Con: the noise. We could not sleep. There was construction going on outside our room ALL NIGHT, every night! In one way you could say this was not the hotel's fault; however, their odd window situation makes it their fault. Our room had 2 windows, and in each there was an AC unit (that doubled as a heater) that could not be removed. It was semi-built-in. Therefore, the windows were permanently open. My husband had to present at the science conference, and could not get a good night's sleep. We bought earplugs, we complained (requested a room on the inside corridor, but none available), we turned on the AC fans just to drown out the noise. Nothing worked. I would caution a business traveler NOT to stay here if you need to be alert the next day. The street noise is severe even absent the construction, and the walls are paper thin. You can hear people in the hallway and the next room.I politely complained while I was there, and they did not solve the problem. They sent me an email survey after our stay, and I told them what I'm writing here. They sent an apology email, but no discount offer for another Kimpton Hotel.	
Feb 3 2005	Great location Great Price 	Stayed here for two nights as our first taste of the States. Very easy to get to from the airport being less than a 100 metres from a BART station. Check-in was easy and the staff friendly. We had two rooms that were close to each other, one for the adults and one for the kids. The rooms had a good arrangement with a lounge room and bedroom w/ensuite neatly separated by the entry, turn one way for the lounge, turn the other for the bed. With TV's in each this meant both kids could watch their shows without disturbing the other. The rooms were also nicely furnished and although the bathrooms were old style and smallish, they were part of the history of the place...take it as charm. The hotel is well located on Ellis just off Powell and the cable car route and it is quiet. Our other hotel choice was the Villa Florence which is well rated but some reviews complain of noise and it is easy to see why as it is right on Powell. If you want to be confronted by the evening throng of street scammers as you leave the hotel then stay there. The Monticello is much quieter and allows you to get your bearings in peace and then blend in.	
Jan 19 2005	Charming Small Hotel; Unbeatable Location Near Cable Cars	I stayed at the Monticello Inn for six nights, Jan. 4-10, 2005, with my daughter and her friend. I attended a major conference in San Francisco in early January and did not want to stay at any of the three large conference hotels nearby. After reading the reviews on this site, I booked a Jefferson Suite directly with the hotel rather than using one of the online travel reservation sites. Later I emailed the hotel and changed my original check-in date from January 3 to January 4, and received a prompt and courteous email response confirming that our reservation had been changed to check in on Jan. 4. When we arrived at the hotel at about 1:30 pm on Jan. 4, the desk clerk told me the reservation had been cancelled completely. I tersely told the clerk that I had booked directly with the hotel to be sure I would not have any problems with making the reservation through one of the online services. He responded that &quot;none of the guarantees apply&quot; if a reservation is made through an online service. Once again I firmly reminded him that was exactly why I had made my reservation directly with the hotel. After this exchange, he managed to &quot;work us in&quot; to a Jefferson Suite on the fifth floor -- the top floor of the hotel. I then specifically requested a room on the courtyard side where it would be more quiet. He confirmed it was a courtyard suite and cautioned us it was the best he had available. After this snafu, the rest of our stay was very nice. The room was a good size two-room suite. Many of the furnishings appeared to be new, although some of the living area upholstery was a little worn. The bathroom was small but adequate, with bath soap, shampoo, and conditioner in dispensers near the sink and in the shower. The fixtures (sink and tub) were worn, and the tile around the shower needed some minor repairs. Basic toiletries (bar soap, shower cap, sewing kit) were never replaced the entire six-day stay. White and red wine was served in the charming lobby every evening from 5:00 to 6:00. The lobby was graced with comfortable seating and two fireplaces. The service throughout our stay was friendly and accommodating. Although the hotel has no ice machines accessible to guests, every time we asked for ice or something else (coffee pot, another robe, more towels) our request was addressed promptly and courteously (without tipping). The king-size bed was exceptionally comfortable, and the wireless high-speed internet access worked flawlessly -- a welcome change from some hotels. Best of all, the Inn's location is unbeatable. Powell Street is a short half-block away, and Union Street shopping is just a couple of blocks north of the hotel. I walked a short block each day to and from the huge conference hotel and was so glad I was staying in a smaller, friendlier, much more charming hotel. If you have time for sightseeing, buy a 3-day or 7-day pass ($ 20) at the visitor's center a just a block south of the hotel, and ride the cable cars, buses, and muni-trains as much as you wish. We found a Mediterranean restaurant one block north of the hotel with very good food for the price, an inexpensive Thai restaurant one block away on Powell, and great sushi at a second-floor restaurant on the corner right across the street from the hotel. Great food at very reasonable prices for San Francisco! Overall, we had a delightful stay, and we were impressed with the friendly and very helpful staff. The next time I visit downtown San Francisco, I will look forward to staying at the Monticello Inn again.	
Jan 10 2005	great place	we stayed at the monticello sep 03. its got a lovely reception area, with free tea/coffee available pretty much all day, with a free wine reception one night a week too. our room was a good size, with a massive bed and the bathroom was pretty massive too, with a full size window which opened out onto a view of downtown (bit weird to sit in the bathroom looking out the window, i know, but it was actually quite fun sitting on the windowsill watching people go by). the hotel has a good location, only 5mins from the cable car terminus and union sq. so yes, it can be a little noisy at night as the cable car goes by, but hey you're in the city, what do you expect? all in all, good hotel right in the centre for a reasonable price!	
Jan 5 2005	Good value great location	Stayed at the Monticello over Memorial Day weekend 2004. Was genuinely surprised and pleased that the room we reserved turned out to be a suite. I wasn't expecting that. Staff was very friendly and helpful, from replacing our mini-bar when the key broke off in it (!), to addressing a plumbing issue with a tempermental toliet, to securing our bags after checking out while we toured the city on our last day in town, to arranging for our shuttle ride to the airport. Also very convienent to the cable car terminus and other public transportation. All-in-all, a good experience.	
Dec 24 2004	This is a two-star hotel and not worth full price.	I travel frequently for business and in general have had good experience with the Kimpton chain. This hotel, however, was disappointing. I spoke at some length with the front desk before booking online, and was told it was a 3-star, newly renovated, and breakfast was included. I don't know who I spoke to, but none of this turned out to be true. This hotel plays the 'put you in a crappy room and see if you complain game', a ploy also mentioned by other reviewers. They do follow through with the fix or upgrade but I dislike these games. Most of the hotel is not newly renovated, and features stains on the substandard carpets, linens, and towels. Beds are lumpy and should be replaced. Staff is friendly but often never quite manages to solve the problem, in that very two star way. I slept the first two nights in rooms with no heat, finally after the third room move they gave me a space heater. I appreciated the solution but not the time involved in moving several times on a business trip. The lobby is nice, and wine tasting is a decent touch, but they need to forget about the frills and get back to basics, like a decent bed, a renovated bathroom, and a floor that doesn't make a person cringe. If you book in advance, online, you can get a room for $99/night. I wouldn't pay more than that. Considering it as a two-star in that price range, I would say it's average. What I disliked was the misrepresentation at the time of booking. Overall, this is an ok two-star hotel, but not worth full price.	
Oct 31 2004	Very good hotel	I spent 8 nights at the Monticello Inn the third week of October. I arrived early, about 1pm on a Saturday, and my room was ready which was a pleasant surprise. I had a courtyard room, the view is not that great, but it is VERY quiet. I expect Street view rooms are noisy since this is a busy area of San Francisco. The bed was excellent. Just as good as the Hyatt's and Marriott's I have recently stayed at. Bathroom was spotless and comfortable, loved the dispensers for soap and shampoo. Staff was always friendly and attentive. Location is excellent, within 1 block of BART, cable cars and almost all Muni busses. Subway sandwich shop is next door along with a Burger King 1/2 block away. The only disappointment was that breakfast was not included in the rate. I booked on the Internet and had a $116 rate for one person, which is more than I normally pay, but it seems about average for San Francisco. I would stay here again, the location and the beds make it a winner.	
Oct 28 2004	Loved the Monticello Inn	Our first night was not satisfactory. Arrived at 11pm and our room was small with two double beds that overlooked Ellis street on the 3rd floor. Construction site across the road commenced works at 6am and collection of rubbish and street noise was unbearable. Requested a room change the following morning and were placed in a large room with two king size beds that was in the core of the building. Heaven!!! A big thank you to Carlos at the front desk. Great location, close to shopping, restaurants and transport. Would have liked to stay additional two nights but the hotel was booked out. All staff were very helpful. Had difficulties with TV and wireless internet connection. Problems were rectified immediately and very effectively. Free access to wireless network was fantastic. Decor was outdated but overall rooms were clean and provided all the necessities. We will definitely stay at the Monticello Inn again when we return to San Francisco in the future.	
Oct 15 2004	Excellent hotel right in the heart of everything!!	We recently had the privilege of staying at the Monticello Inn for 7 days. We had a corner suite and it was simply amazing! The staff is very accomodating and the room was spacious and very clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the San Francisco area. The hotel is in a GREAT location close to public transportation and most everything is within walking distance. If you are visiting the area I would recommend this hotel.	
Aug 16 2004	Nice hotel great location	Three of us had a one bedroom suite here for a week in early August. Our bedroom was quite big - plenty of room for the tons of shopping we accumulated in San Francisco. The living room was a decent size also - looking into the internal courtyard. We found no problems with cleanliness although the room did smell a bit musty when we arrived.Two minor complaints though. Firstly, the walls were pretty thin. You could hear people walking around upstairs and in the hall. This wasnt a huge problem. It didnt keep me awake at night and I'm a pretty light sleeper. Secondly, the room decor certainly needs to be updated - the blue and white wallpaper in the living room was a bit loud and garish. The hotel lobby is decorated much better. The evening wine reception was a nice feature and we took advantage of this a couple of times after a long day's shopping. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful.The location is really superb - Union Square is a couple of minutes walk. The Powell cable car and BART/MUNI are just around the corner.We didnt eat at the hotel restaurant next door although it looked good. We had continental breakfast one morning in the lobby which was great value - $5 per room not per person !!Overall, we enjoyed our stay here. We found the hotel to be comfortable and in a great location. Would stay a second time if we got the right price again.	
Aug 10 2004	Monticello	Nice, attractive hotel. Sofa bed could have been more comfortable. It would have been nice to know how much the hotel charged for parking prior to the trip.	
Jul 24 2004	Nice but noisy		
Jul 7 2004	Montecello peaceful friendly out of the way helpful		
Jul 2 2004	lovely stay		
Jun 29 2004	Decent pretty much sums it up		
May 12 2004	Problems when booking online		
Apr 22 2004	Would definately stay again		
Apr 14 2004	Outstanding Location and Hotel		
Apr 2 2004	An overall pleasant stay at this hotel.		
Aug 23 2003	Good solid place great location		
Jul 17 2002	A nice place with great location		
Nov 18 2009 	stati uniti		
Oct 17 2009 	Perfecto		
Oct 14 2009 	Très bon hôtel superbe localisation!		
Aug 25 2009 	Moderno centrale e accogliente		
Aug 18 2009 	hotel fantastico!!!		
May 27 2009 	Ubicación perfecta-muy amables-ruidoso		
Jul 25 2007 	Ottimo Hotel		
