Oct 16 2009	CELL PHONE STOLEN BY EMPLOYEE - DON'T STAY HERE	I am really disappointed that my cell phone was stolen by one of the employees. I had left the phone in the room and called 15 minutes later. When I came back to pick it up, it was not only missing, but had been turned off (which to me was further proof of it haven been stolen). I found the staff that day to be unfriendly, unhelpful and uncaring. The worst part was the way it was handled by the manager/owner. When I finally got ahold of her 3 days after the incident, she spoke very harshly with no concern for what had happened and told me that I was harrassing the employees, never asking me one question. I couldn't get a word in edgewise and was never even able to tell her what happened. She just assumed that her employees were telling the truth. The room was fine and I would have stayed there regularly on our visits to UCSF Medical Center, but after this incident I just won't do it. I will not support someone who runs their business in that manner. I hope you consider doing the same.	
Aug 16 2009 	Would stay here again	We stayed here because of the price and decent reviews. It was a decent hotel. It was clean enough which is most important to me when traveling. The hotel is nicely located to public transportation, so once you park, stay parked. There is limited parking space available. The hotel staff were friendly, but not overly friendly. We basically slept here. We didn't hang out during the day and there aren't any fun amenities to warrant being there during the day. Stay here if you are on a budget and looking for a clean room. The free breakfast is juice, muffins and pastries. It's not substantial or appealing.	
Feb 26 2009 	Tired and worn out	I have been staying at this place off and on for the last twenty years, at the times when I wanted to save some money. So I don't expect things to be like they are at the Mark Hopkins, Fairmont, or other SF places I prefer. But our recent stay has led me to re-evaluate the &quot;bargain&quot; of staying at the Days Inn at Civic Center. For one thing, there seems to have been little or no serious or even cosmetic upgrades here for about ten years. The bed was rather soft. Housekeeping kept the bathrooms clean, but the bathmat should have been replaced long ago. No vacuum ever touched the corners of the room during the four nights I stayed there, and for those four days and nights the large mirror by the desk retained the big and greasy fingerprint smears which had greeted me when I checked in. Most of the desk staff was pleasant but close to incompetent. My business partner (in the room next door) and I both had repeated problems with our keys not working, which caused us to make repeated trips to the office for new ones. The night clerk did not even make a pretense of being polite or friendly.I would no longer recommend this place to anyone except to those for whom saving a few bucks is more important than anything else including your self-respect.	
Aug 31 2008 	Central Location 	Summary: Nothing fancy, but a great value, especially if arriving by car.Pros: Helpful front desk; large, clean rooms (ours had fridge &amp; microwave-- but no supplies); central location on bus line; good restaurants nearby; free continental breakfast, wi-fi, and on-site parking.Cons:1) It's best to grab a parking spot when you get there, then walk/commute during your stay. The motel lot is small, and there was shattered safety glass on most nearby streets.... 2) If you don't like stairs, be prepared to wait. One very small, tired, elevator serves 4 floors and about 40 rooms.	
Jan 31 2008 	Not bad for the price	My fiance and I stayed here when we saw The Nutcracker last December. It has a good, central location in downtown SF, in walking distance of good restaurants, the Opera House, and some shopping. The room was comfy and clean and we had a good night's rest.A couple of things: The continental breakfast leaves much to be desired. I was hoping for some freshly cooked food, or at least something semi-healthy, but all they had was a basket of junk food and some coffee. I know it's free, but come on! The other thing is that we never received our 9:00 am wake-up call. We just happened to wake up at around 9:30. When we brought it up to the clerk at check out, he just mumbled something about how the computer takes care of wake-up calls. Other than that, no major complaints!	
Jan 6 2008 	Better Than Expected!	After some of the reviews I read about this place, I was dreading staying here! However, I was almost completely happy!The location is ok, a bit out of the busy area &amp; if you walk to &amp; from the hotel, you do walk through quite a rough place. It's more than ok during the day, however at night was always made sure we got a cab back.I was happy with the hotel itself. A nice spacious room with 2 comfortable double beds, both clean. A good sized tv with HBO etc. A small attempt at a kitchen ie, sink, fridge &amp; microwave, all were clean. My only issue was the bathroom. The shower, toilet &amp; sink area we fine, clean &amp; in full working order. What was my issue I hear you say!? Well, don't be alarmed but there were ants! Not loads of them but probably 2 or 3 on the bathroom walls. I would not allow this to put you off but I would like to think my review was honest!Other than that, the receptionist was very helpful, gave us directions etc &amp; stored our suitcases on the day we were leaving.For the price, you cannot complain!	
Jul 28 2007 	rooms clean breakfast could be better	Stay was ok, rooms were clean enough, breakfast could have been better, muffins and pastries, juice and coffee. If you woke up early, and wanted to eat breakfast prior to 7:20, office was usually still closed, where breakfast was served. Desk clerks seemed more than ready to answer most questions, friendly enough, overall it was an okay stay.	
Jul 19 2007 	Too many little problems	Pre-booked this motel with 5 other couples wanting to tour San Francisco. It is right downtown but in a seedy area. Dreadful exterior although rooms are decent. Wakeup call 10 minutes late, breakfast room and office locked until 7:25 a.m. so you can't check out early. Continental breakfast very poor. Terrible parking lot with not enough spots for all guests' cars. No hot water for showers. Does have WiFi in room.	
May 26 2006	Poor Customer Service	Not bad for the price but unfriendly and unhelpful front desk personnel. Checked into a room that was specifically a non smoking room but had a terrible odor of tobacco and cigarettes and empy Camel cigarette pack in the trash. Checked into a second room after complaining. Toilet wasnt working properly and overflowed. It was nice to have a small refrigerator and microwave (didnt use) but the other amenities werent very good. May have to think twice before going back to this particular location. Judging from the attitude from the man at the front desk, there is no way you can check in before 2 pm.	
Oct 11 2005 	Nice for the Price	Clean, comfortable and close to a decent set of restaurants. For the money it was a nice place to stay. I walked the 1 1/2 miles to the Moscone center every day and although not always scenic - the walk seemed safe. For a bare bones place it had more than I expected.The wireless was out most of the week - that was a disappointment.	
Jun 13 2005	A Really Nice Surprise	My husband and I spent three nights at this Days Inn. Perhaps it was the state of the Days Inn that we had stayed in the night before checking in here, but we were surprised and pleased at the rooms at this location. Our room was VERY clean and looked like they had updated the decor a bit to attempt to give it a &quot;charming&quot; look. The result was that while not high quality decor, it was very nice. The room was comfortable and clean. The bathrooms are HUGE. We peeked in at a jacuzzi room, considering getting one, but the bathrooms are basically the same size and the jacuzzi room just has a bigger bathtub with jets. Really not worth the extra $20, unless you really want to jacuzzi solo.We were on the third floor, but there is a small lift (I say lift rather than elevator, because... it's a lift... and small) so you can get your luggage up easily. You can hear some street noise, or I should say walkway noise, but that's not uncommon in a motel and it wasn't too bad. But we were there at a pretty low capacity time, too.There is limited free parking which is wonderful, but they do only have about 25 spaces. If you were there at a busy time, you might run into a challenge getting a parking spot if you returned late, but while we were there we had no problems and there was plenty of parking. That was a huge relief! It is in walking distance to a few of the sites, mainly to the civic center area, but we had a vehicle, so we drove most everywhere we went leaving me with few recommendations of places to walk to.The staff was very friendly - both the desk folks and the cleaning people were great. As far as the breakfast provided, that inlcuded coffee, juices, and tea and individually wrapped pastries and Otis Spunkmeyer muffins. I think there was some fruit there, too. It wasn't a lot, but it was a nice light breakfast to get started with or a snack until we could eat breakfast. It was also nice to be able to grab a couple extra of the little muffins to take along for snacks while sightseeing. I have very low expectations of complimentary motel breakfasts, so to me it was just fine. If you want a hot breakfast with eggs and french toast, you might want to try a restaurant.All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Civic Cneter Days Inn and will likely use this property again on future visits to San Francisco when we are trying to save a little cash for doing the fun stuff. I recommend this location and if you go in expecting a Days Inn, you'll be pleased at what you get.	
Feb 23 2005	Pretty good for the price	You pay for what you get. It is pretty good for a cheap motel in a pretty good location. Can't beat the price, and the free parking. I felt safe, and noise was minimal.	
Feb 3 2005 	Nice location	Nice place with a quite neighborhood, lots of small restaurants and groceries including 2 Walgreens which are all within walking distance. My room was just about average but clean. Bus stop is just outside.For the price, this hotel is really a bargain. Would definitely come back here on my next visit to San Francisco	
Aug 26 2004	An unattractive chain hotel	A basic chain hotel. Looks inside and out like a hotel from the sixties. Has all necessary conveniences, but is unattractive and even after a small renovation fairly sloppy. Bad odor in all rooms, some of them let in a lot of noise from the outside corridors and staircases. Free parking is a plus - if you arrive early enough to find a space. The so-called Continental Breakfast was one of the worst I ever had.	
Aug 22 2004	Enjoyed my stay	Just a little walk to various means of public transportation. Friendly staff. Some rooms along staircase may experience noise. All rooms open to outside of building. Room was nice, comfortable. Slight stale odor in mine (fixed with air freshener). Has elevator. Would choose again.	
Apr 3 2004	decent place	I stayed here and had a good experience, especially considering the killer rate I got! The rooms were recently refurbished, and the staff was quite proud of this. They called me after I'd been in my room for twenty minutes to ask if everything was satisfactory. Nice. The room was clean and tastefully done, but small and standard for a hotel chain. The rooms all face a parking lot but I wasn't bothered by noise. I liked the location, there were many restaurants in Hayes Valley around the corner to choose from. Also walking distance to the Muni trains and BART for getting to and from the airport. I would stay here again, especially if I received the amazingly low price I got during my last visit. Sure beats the Travelodge on Market St. that I stayed at a year ago.	
Oct 1 2008 	Gut gelegenes günstiges Hotel		
Sep 22 2007 	ottimo!		
Aug 27 2007	Preiswertes Hotel in guter Lage		
