	The view on the top is the high light but you need weather's cooperation	This is a grand hotel. Not because of its size by current standard, but because of it’s high up location and the resulting view it provides. This hotel hosted all US presidents from Hoover to Ford, earned her the status of top hotel in San Francisco for ~40 years.The hotel maintained its classical elegance, kept a good balance between older look and modem functionality. The unbeatable feature of this hotel is its view of the beautiful San Francisco city. We stayed in a room on 12th floor facing Union Square; view from this room is already very impressive. Although not many people can afford to set their foot in the presidential suite on 18th floor, but one doesn’t need to rubber a bank to spend a couple of hours in Top of the Mark restaurant on the top floor of the building. A near 360-degree view of the best part of San Francisco city is really breath taking. It may not be the most convenient hotel for business travelers. The hotel is located on top of the Knob Hill. The streets leading towards the hotel are so steep that no bus lines go there. Only form of public transportation serve the hotel is cable car, which is more a tourist attraction than a reliable transportation. Parking space is very limited and it costs $55 a day to park there. Besides, it is not convenient to go places in a city like San Francisco by driving. Taxicab should not be easy to find in rush hour because not many cabs want to cruise the steep Knob Hill and there are only a few spots available for cabs to stand by. The hotel does provide complimentary transportation service to financial district and union square district on weekdays, which I have no first-hand experience. It is an ideal hotel for tourists who are fit enough to climb a couple of hundred yards of steep hill. The hotel is served by all three cable car lines, which take you to Market Street, Van Ness Ave, Fishman’s Wharf, Ferry Building and Ghirardelli Square. A 10-15 minutes down hill walking can take you to China Town and Union Square. Cable cars are not crowed early in the morning and after dark. Even during the busy hour, the California Street cable car is less crowed, in case one needs to go back up the hill in the afternoon to take a rest. A major part of the enjoyment of staying in Mark Hopkins is a visit to the Top of the Mark restaurant and bar, and, only if the ever-changing San Francisco weather is cooperating. In my opinion daytime view is better nighttime ones. We were extremely luck during this stay: marine layer was cleared by strong wind early in the morning, bright sunlight illuminated Grace Cathedral and buildings at a low angle, clear blue sky and Golden Gate Bridge in the back drop. What a million dollar view for us to stare at while we enjoyed our breakfast. We didn’t have high expectation to the food, but it turned out much better than expected. OJ was very good; coffee was OK; fruits were fresh and there were plenty to choose from; pastries were good. On top of all usual suspects for a hotel breakfast buffet, there were an array of cold meat, more than 10 kinds cheeses and a variety of smoked salmon to choose from. There were even several kinds of Chinese dim sum with respectable quality presented in a bamboo steamer, to remind people this is a San Francisco hotel. The price for the breakfast buffet was reasonable at $28 per adult, $17 per child under 12 years old. Only thing strange was the bill has 15% for “service charge” and another 15% for “service gratitude”. Since the total bill is inline with our expectation and we were so satisfied by the view, we didn’t bother to ask why there were two service items on the bill. Only thing we did was to cross the “tip” line on the bill. Is that a little bit outrages to ask for tip after charged more than 30% for service already? I gave a 5 for value because I got a very good deal, probably because of the bad economy.	
Nov 24 2009 	Beautiful property but small rooms	Great hotel, the front desk service was extremely slow/disorganized. The room was small, but tidy and clean. Bathroom was in great vintage standing. The constant hill climbing was a bit tedious over 4 days - but certainly good for the legs!	
Nov 23 2009 	Beautiful room in a historic hotel	I had a free night from priority club rewards, and it was quite a treat. We ended up getting an upgrade to a corner suite on the 12th floor. It was a gorgeous room with an amazing view. Everything in the room was luxurious and comfortable. We enjoyed cocktails at the Top of the Mark. What a great experience. As far as the downsides go, internet was not complimentary. The hotel elevators were slow and check in and check out was quite delayed.I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 19 2009 	Wish it had been less noisy	We spent a weekend at the Mark Hopkins and here are our thoughts.PRO:Service - every employee we had contact with was helpful, courteous, and quickRoom - we had a business room which was plenty big for the 2 of usLocation - top of the hill, at the crossing of 2 cable car runs, near China Town, near Union SquareTop of the Mark - quite a view, good place to have a glass of wine at the end of the dayCON:Noise - the pipes rattled whenever someone used a shower or toilet, we had a front facing room which had traffic noise, also near elevator so noise from people waiting for elevator could be heardOTHER:It is at the top of a hill. We walked to Fisherman's Wharf (downhill) easily. Would not have wanted to walk back (uphill). It was bad enough from China Town.Being near the cable car routes are nice but only if you can use them. Depending on time of day they can be constantly full. The line at the Fisherman's Wharf end can easily be an hour long. Plan on cabs if you need to be somewhere at a specific time.Bottom line - there are a lot of very nice hotels in the area that are probably a better value. You can always go to the Top of the Mark without staying there.	
Nov 19 2009 	Good location nice room hotel geared to business clients	The hotel is located at the top of Nob Hill - lovely location (although up a very steep hill!). The higher the floor, the higher the price as this corresponds with the views of San Fransisco Bay and the city. The hotel has an impressive entrance and the room we stayed in, a standard room, was clean with a large comfortable bed and nice linen. The bathroom had a good over bath shower and good toiletries, although the bath was very shallow and would have been very unsatisfying for a soak. Tea and coffee was provided, although there was no option of fresh milk. We weren't offered the option of booking for breakfast or any meals and weren't told of any of the hotel's services (such as the Top of the Mark restaurant and skybar - but beware there is a dress code including no sports shoes) The hotel did seem to cater much more to the business market and was impersonal.	
Nov 4 2009 	Excellent service -- solid value	We stayed for 2 nights in October. We got a very good AAA rate ($190 one night, $159 the 2nd night). Room was comfortable, large enough for two. The location was excellent ... in a relatively quiet area of SF, but close enough to the action. Valet parking was definitely expensive, so try to find something cheaper. We got wonderful service from the staff ... including when my wife got ill. They were extremely attentive. Overall a well staffed hotel, with excellent service, and a great value under $200.	
Oct 9 2009 	A good place to stay in San Francisco	The hotel locates on the top of Nob hill with fantastic view in its sky bar on the top. The hotel itself is full of history. The conference rooms are splendid. It is very easy to walk from the hotel to the nearby places such as Union Square, Chinatown because of the advange of going downhill. But it may take some efforts for coming back. All three lines of cable cars have stations closed to the hotel, but during peak hour, it is difficult to catch one. Oh, the cable car museum is very close to the hotel, which is a very interesting place. The hotel room is a little bit small, but clean. It is quite typical for a old hotel. Great place for staying in San Francisco.	
Oct 8 2009 	Convenient location Nob Hill with the sound of clanging wall pipes	$250 CONFERENCE RATE room with smallish, nicely furnished, though underwhelming bathroom, shower and shower supplies. Biggest issue was the constantly clanging pipes in the bathroom wall in this old hotel, the sound of which was intrusive. Lobby small, valet parking overpriced for area @ $50 a day--cheaper public parking is available within 1-2 blocks. Pluses: on cable car lines with easy access to other SF attractions including Wharf, Chinatown, Union Square; varied view from smallish windows; great local restaurants nearby, nice view from overpriced bar, Top of Mark, and overall friendly staff. If you stay here, ask for a room without pipes clanging.	
Oct 8 2009 	Luxurious hotel great location!	I loved our stay at the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins. The room was beautiful - clean, spacious and incredibly comfortable beds. The staff were friendly and helpful. The location was central to walking or taking a trolley anywhere. It was a great stay and I'd stay again! And the rates were good for such a nice place!	
Oct 8 2009 	Club Lounge at the Mark Hopkins is IDEAL for teenagers and extended family!	We traveled to San Francisco for our small wedding at Grace Cathedral, just down the street from the Mark Hopkins. I can not say enough about the fabulous staff in the Club Lounge. With all day food and drinks, it was perfect for teenage boys but was also a great place to relax as a group. Even the grandparents loved it. Nancy and Jonathan in the lounge will help with anything and everything.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beautiful historic hotel!	My husband and I stayed for a long weekend in September with our 6yr old son. We got a good deal through Hotwire, $220/nt. The room was comfortable and well appointed, if a bit small. The service was great. The concierge was very helpful recommending terrific restaurants every night. We also used the nanny service they suggest and they are great! We have only 2 complaints: 1) the ice maker on our floor was broken. This was fantastic for our son who loved riding the elevator down a few floors to get ice! 2) Room service and restaurant hours are short. We would stay there again if we could get another good deal. .	
Oct 2 2009 	Not top of the Mark anymore	We love San Francisco and keep going back, but each time we've tried different hotels in different areas ranging from Fishermans Wharf to the Market Street/Union Square area, and this time we opted for Nob Hill.So we stayed at the Mark Hopkins for 3 nights over a long September weekend; and as a platinum IHG Priority Club member I used my points to pay for the stay. So I can't really comment on rates; except to say that had we had to use our own money for our SF accommodations we would have probably chosen somewhere else.Let's start with the pros:First off, the Mark Hopkins isn't a bad hotel, it's just that it was once a grand old lady, and now is more of a convention or business type hotel. It still has some nice character features and charm, such as the antique postal chute at the elevators, and the location is pretty good, depending on your reasons for visiting SF most things are accessible; there are 2 cable car lines intersecting a block from the hotel. The beds are pretty comfortable, which is always an important consideration when like us you've been travelling for 15 hours, and are in a totally different time zone. The staff are also fairly friendly, particularly the porters who were all very helpful and always seemed in good spirits.However, for us there were also some unfortunate cons:The soundproofing on the rooms isn't good at all. We were often disturbed by other guests flushing their toilets, and by people walking past in the corridor; plus as our room was on a fairly low floor, overlooking the front of the hotel where the porters use a loud whistle to attract taxis for guests, this would disturb us late into the evening, and again early in the morning.The rooms themselves were fairly small by US standards, with very little storage for guests with a reasonable amount of luggage (SF was the start of a 2 week vacation for us). I guess it's due to the age of the hotel; but as I mentioned earlier as a platinum Priority Club member one of the perks is an upgraded room; so if ours was small I would imagine the standard rooms would be even smaller.Breakfast at the Top of the Mark was the most disappointing element of the whole stay though. We happened to go up there on a foggy morning, which of course is not the hotels fault, but we didn't obviously get the famed view as an accompaniment to breakfast. However without anything of a view but a blanket of white to look at out of the windows, then it brought the breakfast itself into much sharper contrast. The breakfast was a very average buffet; if you travel at all for business it's the same breakfast you'll have had time and time again at just about every chain hotel out there. We didn't go particularly late for breakfast, but there was very little of it left, and what was there had clearly been out for some time. So the selection we were faced with almost felt like the leftovers that other people hadn't wanted. Also we felt that the prices being charged were way too high. This was the most we were charged for breakfast anywhere in California, and that included some individually prepared gourmet breakfasts (with gourmet coffee and freshly squeezed OJ) at five star resorts in the Napa Valley - which isn't exactly known for it's good value. Our last gripe with the breakfast, was that along with the bill came a 'guide to gratuities for international guests' suggesting an 18-20% gratuity on top of the already very high bill. Now we really don't have a problem tipping for good service, and we are fully aware that service staff in the US rely on tips to make up for low wages; but we found it offensive to suggest a gratuity of that level for a very ordinary buffet - where nothing at all was prepared fresh for us, no-one took an order from us, or brought anything to the table for us and other than a busboy filling our coffee there was no other actual 'service' involved.A few blocks away from the hotel down the hill towards Union Square is a bit of a cliched but charming nonetheless, 50's style diner, which prepares fresh food, has friendly and efficient service; and which blows away the breakfast at the Top of the Mark. Not to mention it costs about half as much. For us there was no comparison.If you do choose to stay at the Mark Hopkins, then one other tip for you: We bought MUNI cards for the duration of our stay after being advised that they were the most economical way to use the cable car to avoid having to walk up and down the steep hills in the area. However on a September weekend, the cable car itself is a major tourist attraction and not really a reliable method of public transport. We would wait at the cable car stops for ages and ages, whilst car after car would go by completely full up with people. At the terminus on Market the queue would often be in the region of an hour or so wait. It's almost like relying on the 'Pirates of the Carribbean' ride at Disneyland for your transportation. So in the end we used a 3 day MUNI pass for two cable car trips, and walked up and down the hills every other time; so they didn't turn out to be such great value for us as we'd hoped. Luckily we were fit enough for that not to be a problem, but that's us, we happen to like walking.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good location excellent views good room but lacks something	I stayed at the MH for a week with my girl friend but was attending a convention across the street at the fairmont. I was satisfied with everything, except that the communication from IHC mentions that as an ambassador level guest (its their loyalty program) I get free complementary fruit basket and newspaper everyday, which I never got.The only thing this hotel lacks is a good lobby - particularly compared to the Fairmont. Other than that, it has a few things better than the fairmont - the view from Top of the Mark (their bar/restaurant/cafe on the top floor) is outstanding - particularly facing north.	
Sep 25 2009	San Francisco Bay area	Stayed at the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins at the top of Nob Hill - really nice hotel fantastic breakfast and views. We stayed in San Francisco for 3 days which was enough for us - did the usual tourist trips which was great fun - on the downside we found many of the locals quite rude and abrupt when dealing with tourists which was a little shocking. Would I go back no I dont think I would.	
Sep 22 2009 	Comfort Convenience Secure Pleasant- what a hotel experience should be.	On a last minute whim I decided to attending opening day of the 2009 Baseball season in San Francisco. Even with wet weather during my visit to SF, my stay at the Mark Hopkins made things very comfortable. Also everyone I met in the hotel, from the check in clerk to the concierge were just as nice as could be. I went during the low season at the height of the economic downturn and was able to get a reasonable rate. They even upgraded me to a junior suite upon arrival. Whatever the reasoning, it was appreciated and the space was well-laid out, the decor a mix of modern and vintage, and well cared for. Not like some hotels that feature &quot;traditional&quot; decor. The bed was great with a TV in the bedroom as well. The bathroom was also very decorative and it almost felt like home. Please see my pics. All in all, it was a very pleasant couple of days. I enjoyed learning about the history of the hotel and my view was nice as well. You know this was one place I felt secure in - meaning &quot;safe&quot; and it was a warm and friendly environment. I'll stay here again in the future if rooms are available. I had a sense that I was fortunate to be able to travel when most of America was staying home. The staff seemed very appreciative I chose their hotel to host my stay. Oh- and the street cars are very accessible- like right on the corner of the hotel (from what I remember) and it made my visit all the much more convenient.	
Sep 20 2009 	Faint echoes of luxury	Being a New Yorker now living in LA, I'm embarassed to say I had never been to San Fransisco. So when I had to go recently, I relied heavily on tripadvisor.Overall, the reviews gave what turned out to be a good representation of what you get at the Hopkins. The best thing I can say is that the location is fabulous for pretty much anywhere you need to get to (in my case the medical center at UCSF) in this beautifully compact city.But the Hopkins is a dowager on its last legs, analogous to a pre-apartment Plaza in New York, if it hadn't been upgraded for a few decades, and is at best limping along on its much faded reputation of any glamour or prestige. The 'Top of the Mark' as I guess it's known, is an gustatory embarrassment. Stay far away. The staff, though pleasant people, like the rest of the hotel definitely is not in possession of the crispness, nor pretensions or hauteur, of a cutting edge, big dollar hotel.That said though, the place does have a definite abundance of character, faded it may be, which is appealing in and of itself. Just make sure you realize that you are not going to get current five star luxury, rather the distant echoes of such a hostelry. For a one night stay, at $129 (which I paid for with AMEX points), I have to say I would do the same for a similar non-vaction or business stay. If I was traveling on the corporate dime, or looking for a luxiorous spot for a pleasurable stay, then no, this is not the place to stay.	
Sep 17 2009 	If there was a spot for worse than terrible i would check that one	Good Lord, where do I begin, at check in there was a major miscommunication that the staff did not feel necissary to take responsibility for. The room was NOT what we were promised, the doorbell was broken and rang at will during our stay, housekeeping did not show the first day, they covered their tails by trying to tell us we refused service and hour after we left our room and when house keeping DID show up the maid had the audacity to ask if she could take her break first, IT WAS 8:00 AT NIGHT, after a long day of sightweeing all we wanted was roomservice and bed. While we waited in the Club Room, we were asked if we'd like a drink while we waited, and then they gave US the bill. If you'd like to be treated like royalty, stay in a Holiday Inn, they will treat you better than this &quot;4 star&quot; hotel. After letters to the General Manager and the Home office, we got, &quot;Sorry your stay sucked, we will make sure in the future this never happens&quot; How does this help US? This is how we were treated for my sisters 40th birthday, something wonderful for her to remember huh? However San Francisco was AMAZING, go, just dont bother with this hotel.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Value -- Definitely No Bed Bugs For Us	I was a bit concerned when I read about someone's experience with bed bugs. I am happy to report that we had three separate rooms and not a single bug! The room was extremely clean and the hotel was great. The concierge was very helpful in booking a car for us and steering us toward good restaurants. This is an elegant old hotel with beautiful views and classic rooms. Water pressure was not great but the bath products more than made up for that!	
Sep 17 2009 	A grand old hotel with a few quirks	This was my second stay at the Mark Hopkins. It is truly a landmark in a wonderful location, if you don't mind grueling walking workouts up and down hills. The staff is quite friendly and helpful and the interior is out of the past. My one complaint is to echo what has been said by other Tripadvisor contributors: the pipes are noisy! We had to change rooms after our first night due to noise in the pipes. This noise goes beyond hearing flushing toilets which is minor compared to the plumbing moans and groans in the wall. Our second room was better but not flawless. Other that the musical accompaniment from the bathroom walls, the room was lovely and I really enjoyed being able to open the windows to get some fresh air. There is a wonderful Italian coffee shop one block away at the back of the Fairmont Hotel that is an oasis, great for breakfast or an afternoon coffee. I really enjoyed being so close to Chinatown and Northbeach, either by hoofing it or by the trolley. I would return to this hotel, maybe with some good earplugs.	
Sep 12 2009 	A friendly classic elegant hotel without being pretentious	The Mark Hopkins is a beautiful and gracious hotel without the pretention and price of other top range hotels. I found the staff to be super friendly, courteous and professional. The rooms all have an expansive view of San Francisco downtown, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge. The beds, linen and pillows are super luxurious and the rooms spotless and well maintained. The hotel is showing small signs of age but I found this aspect added to the ambience. My husband, myself and 9 yr old daughter enjoyed the hotel immensely and felt transported into another period as soon as we stepped in the magnificent foyer. The hotel provides free car transportation to and from the downtown district during the week, however we enjoyed the short walk down to Union Sqare to get an up close look at the area. Definitely a one off experience staying in this period hotel. Would recommend to anyone visiting San Francisco.	
Sep 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I have to say I'm amazed by the other reviews here. Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but having stayed in various hotels through San Fran over the years, this is definitely one of the nicest I've seen. The room I had was a suite (HUGE sitting room, large King bed, and rather large bathroom). From past experience in SF, I know that usually fitting a Queen bed into a hotel requires a shoehorn and there is no room for any other amenities. The view is unbeatable! Yes, there was some noise from the street-cars outside, but then again, this is SF and it's a historic hotel on the cable line. I did not notice any noise from other rooms, especially from the bathrooms.On my last stay in SF, I stayed just down the hill at another historic hotel. Though I was on the back side there the noise was nearly unbearable. In comparison (apples to apples here), the noise was not bad, and the room was much larger and more comfortable. I look forward to my next stay that the Mark Hopkins.	
Aug 31 2009 	Nice rooms - plumbing has issues and may have bedbugs	The room was big, as were the bathroom and closet. We were happy with the room, but I agree completely with the review about the toilets being VERY loud. I don't think I would have cared much about it except that for as loud as they were and for as long as you have to hold down the handle, I would hope that they would flush all the way - they did not consistently. Also, the plumbing for the showers was spotty so sometimes the water pressure was not that great. As for the bedbugs, we couldn't find any, but my husband has some bites on his back after sleeping one night and we can't think of anywhere else he could have gotten then. The location is nice, but it is HIGH up on a hill so get your walking shoes out.	
Aug 26 2009 	It's an intercontinental how can you go wrong?	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in August.The hotel is located in a pretty nice part of town, however you are in pretty close proximity to some setchy areas. It is easy to walk to the big famous square (name escapes me right now) and there is easy access to all the main amenities of San Fran.The hotel is apparently a very historic hotel, and you can tell by the architecture.The lobby is nothing special, but the rooms are large and elegant. Our room was not in the best location (2nd floor right above the main entrance) but everything worked out okay. Asked front desk about moving but they were fully booked. Oh well.Overall the Intercontinental lived up to its name. The staff were friendly/knowledgeable, and always recommended great restaurants.We got a nice room for $135/night, so it was superb value. I would say anything under $180 would be of good value for this place.*Please note: parking will cost you an arm and a leg and there is no restaurant in the hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	Good Stay at a Great Price	We booked the MH Intercontinental for our anniversary trip and got a great price ($114 per night.) I called the hotel to let them know it was our anniversary and they had a nice card and chocolates in the room for us. It was nice but we would have preferred wine or champagne, which is the gift usually provided by the other Intercontinental hotels where we have stayed for a significant event. My husband is platinum priority club and an ambassador and we were upgraded to a large room but were disappointed it was not on a higher floor. The views were still pretty good.The room was a little musty but the windows opened a little and that took care it. It was nice to be able to open the windows but it did let in the street noise, mainly cable cars.The bathroom was small, typical of older hotels. The towels were not of the high quality we are accustom to from this hotel brand but they were fine. The room furnishings were attractive but there was not enough drawer space for 2 people for 3 nights. We ended up hanging most of our clothes on hangers, which were provided right away when we called.The TV was an older model (not a flat screen) but worked fine. There was also a clock radio/CD player in the room.The location of the hotel was nice, Nob Hill is beautiful and quiet and there is a cable car stop right down the street from the hotel....note that this means up the hill on the way home! There is not much in the immediate area but shops and restaurants are close by. I preferred this area to both Union Square and Fisheman's Wharf, which seemed touristy and were crowded.We did not experience any issues with any of the hotel staff, found everyone to be friendly and helpful. We did enjoy a drink at the Top of the Mark and were seated right away by a friendly hostess. The concierge provided good info on getting the MUNI pass. and the doormen hailed cabs. One complaint was that our neighbor had room service and the cart with dirty dishes sat in the hall for over 12 hours. Overall we enjoyed our stay and would stay here again provided the price was under $200.	
Aug 11 2009 	Rude people mediocre hotel	This hotel was severely lacking in courteous people. It seemed the farther up the chain of command we got, the ruder people became. The bell men were jovial and friendly and helpful, and that was about it. The hotel messed up our reservation and when it was finally straightened out, they sent us up to rooms on the ninth floor, a smoking floor. Not a huge deal for us since a few of us are smokers but I can imagine someone who hates the smell of cigarette smoke would be very displeased. In our room, we found champagne and were feeling properly mollified about the mistake and rudeness of the desk...until someone showed up a little later to take the champagne back! (Which we had already poured to toast to the lovely view). They said they needed the champagne back because it was for somebody else and they put it in our room accidentally!! My friends and I were incredibly insulted that they had the nerve to ask for it back! Aside from the not so warm welcome, the rooms were pleasant and clean. The housekeeping staff, however, seemed insulted that we would ask not to be disturbed and actually came in to change out the towels and everything anyway. The wind really whipped through our floor and was incredibly loud, which was kind of off-putting. I find it hilarious that another reviewer remarked on the rudeness of the woman who works at the desk at the Top of the Mark because we had the exact same experience. This woman was haughty and actually rolled her eyes and spoke in a manner that ensured us that she was insulted that we should even speak to her. When we asked if some of our party could be seated without the rest if she called on us because a few of us had to run back downstairs, she actually laughed this insulting laugh and told us, &quot;fine but you better hurry.&quot; I'm not sure who she thought she was but it put a sour tone on the whole experience at the bar, which was very nice and the music was very enjoyable. Not really a 360 view though, if you want to be picky. Bit of an older crowd than we expected, we were the youngest people there, and we are in our late 20's and early 30's. As we checked out we found out that they charge quite a bit for local calls, INCLUDING A CALL TO THE TOP OF THE MARK. So we had to toss on another 5 dollars for ordering pizza down the street and calling the bar inside the hotel. We fully expected to be charged for the champagne we accidentally received but luckily we weren't. Not the best experience for the price.	
Aug 11 2009 	Location doesn't make up for attitude and noise	I recently spent a long weekend at the InterContinental with my girlfriends for my bachelorette party. I booked through a travel site in May, and followed up the booking with several phone calls to ensure that our requests were received (nothing earth shattering, 2 beds in both rooms, non smoking - connecting was incredibly important). I should have known something was amiss when each time I called, it rang over 10 times. I was assured that it would not be a problem each time. When I showed up to check in - the woman at the front desk said there were absolutely no notes in my file and that she had booked me into two king bed, smoking rooms! After much attitude, the manager came out - gave me MORE attitude and said that the only way she could get us two double beds in each room was to be on a smoking floor. Ridiculous. The rooms themselves were not too bad in terms of size and decoration. Unfortunately, the walls were so paper thin that we were woken up several times by our &quot;neighbors&quot; flushing their toilet and showering. It was so loud in our room that it felt like they were IN our room, showering. The view was spectacular from our room and was pretty much it's saving grace. We decided that we did not want housekeeping in our room as it was very crowded with luggage and we did not want someone else in our things. When we left the room on the first day, the housekeeper started yelling at us, asking us why we didn't want her in our room and what we were doing in there! Unbelievable! In case we missed her point, she was kind enough to repeat all these accusations the second day. The conceirge was non-existent during our stay, and the only nice people we seemed to encounter were the doormen. The bell hop was rather rude when we were trying to ask them to hold our luggage on the day of our departure, but the rude employee of the year award goes to the unholy #&amp;!$! who works the desk at Top of the Mark. We couldn't get answers from the front desk or anyone to answer the phone up there so we took the elevator up to ask our questions in person. We weren't dressed to go into the bar yet, and the looks we received from her definitely said that she felt the same. She was incredibly rude, unwilling to answer our questions and cutting us off in the middle of every sentence. When I tried to voice these issues to the front desk when I checked out he just simply said &quot;Sorry to hear it&quot; and moved onto the next customer. That's the attitude you're going to get at every turn. Some traveler tips:-The hike up the hill to this hotel is ridiculous. Take the trolley and get a day pass. It's well worth it!-The closest &quot;store&quot; to this location is E&amp;E Fine Foods and you will pay for the &quot;convenience&quot; so beware!-Don't even use the phone to call Top of the Mark. Local calls were $1.25 each - and they even billed us for calling their own restaurant!-Avoid Top of the Mark - while the view is spectacular, the wait and service are not worth it. If you're under 50, it's not a &quot;hot spot&quot;!	
Aug 10 2009 	not worth the money	This place is way to expensive for what it is..The walls are very thin meaning it is noisey. I was on the 9th floor and could hear both sides of me like they where in my room. The toilet when you flush it is so loud you would think a boeing 747 is taking off in the bathroom. when someone down the hall way flushes the tiolet you could also hear it. The lady who works behind the counter at the top of the mark either hates her job or she is just a rude b*&amp;tch. either way she put the final nail in the coffin.I stayed at the king george for less then half the price and it was a much more pleasurable experiecne.	
Aug 10 2009 	Wonderful stay worth the hike!!!	my husband and I just returned from 5 wonderful nights at the Mark Hopkins. Sincce we have never been to San Francisco before,I used a combination of Trip Advisor and AARP to select a hotel. We had an excellent package that included breakfast and parking ( which a lot of reviewers complain about the cost of both),so book directly with the hotel for the best rates on packages. Every staff member was attentive and friendly. The room we had on the 15th floor faced south, with a wonderful view. Didnot do top of the mark at night,as we do not do the bar scene, and had breakfast there most mornings. We had a king bed,that was comfy. Room service was reasonable and quick ( we ordered pizza after returning from the night alcatraz tour - which is also a must and needs to book early before leaving home).Concierge helped us book city tour. Definitely buy a city pass or muni pass so you can go wherever and whenever, as you do tire from all the walking. We found out August is the height of tourist season, so be patient, as you may have to wait in line for Cable cars and trolleys- but remember you are on vacation to relax, and the Mark Hopins is great for that.	
Aug 8 2009 	Paled in comparison	We were in San Francisco for a conference, and stayed on for several days. The conference was at the Fairmont, but it was oversold for the last night of our stay, so we booked the last night at the Mark Hopkins across the street. I was excited to stay in this hotel, as it also is one of the grand hotels on Nob Hill. The location is wonderful, but after 4 nights at the Fairmont, the Mark Hopkins was a disappointment.When we checked in, our room was not ready which was not a surprise as it was noon, so we checked our luggage and went out for lunch/sightseeing. When we returned, we were shown to an upgraded luxury terrace suite on the 15th floor. It had a sitting room, bedroom, lovely bath and glassed in terrace with fantastic views. But upon further inspection, the rooms were poorly laid out. The bedroom bureau was small and narrow and had a TV on top, so there was no surface to put anything on. There was no desk, only cocktail tables and lamp tables. Both TVs were old style, not even flat screen, let alone HD like the Fairmont. When I had booked the room, I specified extra feather pillows, and when we checked in, I requested them again. I finally had to call again at 1:30 am, because they were weren't there, and because the bed was so hard and uncomfortable, I could not sleep without the extra pillows. The marble and granite bath was lovely with a separate shower and whirlpool tub which we did both use. However, the bath was equipped with water savers on the shower and sink, which caused lack of water pressure and volume and made showering unpleasant. The hotel seems somewhat understaffed, and although the prices were identical with the Fairmont, (room price, breakfast buffet, drink prices) there was a huge difference between the two, and the Mark Hopkins paled in comparison.	
Jul 26 2009 	Clean bright great views from bar too expensive	It's a typical modern business centric hotel. No better and no worse than any other large chain. I've stayed twice with my family and was upgraded on one occasion. To be honest the upgraded room was slightly bigger with a better view but no major difference apart from that. It really is at the top of one of the hills and therefore the climb up can be pretty steep. It's next to a couple of tram lines so you can mitigate that easily enough.Had a few drinks at the bar at the top of the hotel and the views of SF were fantastic, worth a trip even if you are not staying there.Fairly expensive though, I'd look for somewhere cheaper in the future. BTW - As usual in these types of big hotel internet connectivity was extra which I find absurd as most small hotels give it away free.	
Jul 23 2009 	Get Your Walking Shoes Out!	My boyfriend surprised me with a weekend in San Francisco at the Mark Hopkins. The hotel service was excellent at check-in and concierge able to get reservations at preferred restaurants. The room was beautiful although would recommend you be specific about view. We had room service breakfast both mornings and service was fast and food excellent.The famous Top of the Mark bar was a bit of a disappointment. The first night we went up for drinks, wound up at the bar and had a wonderful time meeting others from out of town and took in the view. The second night we came back from the theatre, dressed to the nines, and hoping to dance. We found ourselves greeted in a not so friendly fashion. by the hostess. Once the hostess did find us a table (there were plenty so not sure why the big fuss when I went past her to see if there were seats at the bar), we were surprised to see so many inside in entirely too casual attire for a nightclub (e.g., shorts, flip flops). Took a little bit of the lustre off for me. Overall, hotel was good. Great location if you want LOTS of exercise walking up and down Nob Hill, and if not, cable cars very close by.	
Jul 23 2009 	Disappointed	Booked this hotel as it was reputed to have the best bar in San Francisco &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; on the 19th floor. Whilst the view is great from the bar, we had to queue as a resident to get in! The bar service was extremely poor and took over 20 minutes to get a drink. Outside, the entrance to the hotel is small and can only cope with the arrival of a few cars. Our room, a Junior Suite, was as expected but nothing special. Our mini bar was not refilled and had to ring room service. Sunday breakfast - we had to wait for 20 minutes to get a table followed by slow service (Breakfast is near the foyer on a Sunday as they prepare the Top of the Mark for brunch and there are just not enough tables). On the plus side, business centre is very good, the bell staff very attentive. Having visited several Intercontinental hotels all over the world, this is the first one where we were disappointed. We will not be going back to the Mark Hopkins.	
Jul 20 2009 	Best value hotel-grand old ldame of San Francisco	I was somewhat concerned about booking here after reading so many bad reviews. We had a fabulous room with a view, $165 a night coupled with their free decadent breakfasts every morning. The staff were exceptionally nice and it was a terrific value for a luxury &quot;grand old dame&quot; hotel. Couldn't have had a nicer stay. Highly recommend.	
Jul 17 2009	I love the hills	This was my first trip to San Francisco, after 1 afternoon spent a few years ago. I got a really good deal through IC hotels website. I was meeting some family for the weekend, who live in the South. I was really concerned how they would do in the &quot;big city&quot;. Traveling from the Bart stop to the hotel was a little sketchy; my mom was stopped by the homeless people standing around trying to &quot;guide you&quot; for a fee, and some random guy tried to pick up my sister. So lesson there-try not to look like a tourist, which is exactly how my family looked. The Mark Hopkins really is quite a hike up the hill, but I loved it. It is a good workout! When you reach the top, however, you will see the most beautiful views of the city - fog in the morning, and a rainbow even one of the nights. Check-in was easy, we had a nice room on the 8th floor with the nicest hotel bathroom I've seen yet. Everyone at the hotel was pleasant, including the Concierge. They gave me maps and directions for my specific requests. Walking was easy, we never used any public transportation with the exception of the Bart on the way to the hotel. Walked from the hotel to the Farmers Market (highly recommend!) to Fisherman's Wharf and back up Hyde to California to get back to the hotel. Definitely hilly, but come on, you've been warned by someone if you come to San Francisco, and you have to appreciate it! One funny note - I went out to the hallway late Saturday night to take a phone call, and you can hear everything happening on the elevators. It spooked me a bit! I would recommend staying here if you find a good price and like to exercise. It is so worth it for the city views.	
Jul 12 2009 	Excellent Stay...Great Room	We arrived an hour early for check-in from the airport, and were informed that we had been upgraded to a corner suite, but that it would not be ready for a couple of hours. That seemed to be a reasonable trade-off, so they stored our luggage while we browsed Nob Hill and grabbed a late lunch at a recommended nearby cafe. When we returned, the suite was ready and definitely worth the extra wait. The suite was a 10th floor, one-bedroom with corner views of the financial district and the Bay Bridge beyond. It was well furnished with a comfortable king bed and marble bath...very nice!Since we were located at the end of the hallway, we did not experience any of the elevator noise others have mentioned. The hotel was very quiet, but the the staff did mention that no large business groups were staying there during out three-night stay.The location was perfect for our needs. We did not have a car, thus avoiding the pricey parking fee, and relied on walking, cabs and cable cars. Walking to the hotel is entertaining and recommended for the fit only. However, the hotel is located one block from the main cable car line crossing, and easy access is available to Chinatown, Union Square, and Fisherman's Wharf areas while allowing you to escape the throngs of tourists at the end of the day. The immediate area also has some excellent cafes.The desk staff were pleasant and courteous, although the concierge was less than helpful when we inquired about a city tour...we had something different in mind than Gray Line departing from Fisherman's Wharf. After some prodding, they arranged a small-group tour that was excellent. The bottom line is to press them if you want something. Room service was prompt and good.We felt the room was a great value, but watch for add-ons. As indicated previously, parking is pricey, as is the internet fee. The Top of the Mark is a must-see for the incedible 360-degree views, but food and drinks are expensive. Still, you must try it at least once.I understand the opinions expressed by others that the hotel may be a bit past its prime, but it maintains a certain class and elegance that is missing in some the smaller, highly touted &quot;boutique inns&quot; around the city. There may be other stuffier and pricier hotels on Nob Hill (think the Fairmont and the Ritz), but we feel the Mark repesents a better overall value and we will definitely recommend it to others and plan to stay there when we visit wonderful San Francisco again.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent location and amazing views	This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel in San Francisco (SF). The location is excellent between Union Square (about 4 blocks) and Ghirardelli/Fish Market Square (we took a trolley there which you can catch across the street from the hotel or at Union Square so although not sure distance, it's close). This hotel sits on top of one of the highest (if not the highest) hill in SF so the views are amazing (if you go to their Sunday brunch/bar location called Top of the Mark you can see 360 views of the city...we did the Sunday brunch which although was nice was surprisingly pricey at about $70/person so I suggest drinks instead). The exterior of the hotel is high-end and our room was spacious/nice/adequate (bathoom was my favorite part of the room in all marble). All in all we felt we got more than our money's worth (very reasonably priced for primarily the location and decent room).	
Jul 7 2009 	You can find better locations and better values	The Mark Hopkins is one of the great hotel buildings of San Francisco, currently being milked by Intercontinental. The physical structure is in prime shape, with five star rooms and six star suites, but all the services are weak to poor. They closed the only restaurant a few years ago and converted it to a &quot;club,&quot; to which you can gain access for around $60 a day extra. They serve a &quot;continental breakfast plus&quot; in there, with half the selection of the free breakfast at a Holiday Inn Express. (No, I'm not exaggerating.) They do convert the bar upstairs into a restaurant for breakfast buffet at the princely sum of $25 a person, offering nothing in the way of eggs except one of those silver bins of scrambled eggs cooked, in this case, 20 stories below in the kitchen of the defunct restaurant. (Think the limited service at the buffet was bad? They will tack on a 15% tip anyway: When they negotiated their contract with the waiters union, they negotiated away your right to set your own tip percentage.)Of course, there's room service, but that is only during limited hours around breakfast and dinner. They've closed down all room service during the night and most of the day. You will be staying at a five-star bed and breakfast. The Internet access is expensive and severely limited. The advertized wireless speed is 56 times slower than what we have at home, and the higher-priced ethernet speed is 14 times slower. That's the advertized speed. The speed I measured was even slower than that. All this for only $14 to $16 a day, or around $450 a month. Again, compare this to Holiday Inn Express's rate of $0 per month.The speed of the Internet fairly wizzes compared to the water. They have installed those ultra-low-flow fixtures that mainly pump out air + noise, rather than, as in the old days, water. I stopwatched the filling of the bathroom sink: It literally took 4 minutes and 13 seconds to fill to the overflow line. The shower is just as bad.Location, of course, is key, and if you carry mountain-goat genes, you will love it! It is atop one of San Francisco's seven hills with the only public transportation being the cable car. Cable cars, of course, are delightful, but depending on them for regular transportation can be ruinous at $5.00 per person each way.There are plenty of great hotels on the flat parts of San Francisco, including at least two hotels with as great or greater history as the Mark Hopkins. Check out the St. Francis, right on Union Square and truly elegant, and the grand old Palace Hotel, whose history goes back into the 1800s. Be aware, though, that the Palace Hotel is also now in the clutches of Intercontinental. It would be best to call first and find out if room service extends beyond narrow time windows, and you may need to bring your own water.	
Jun 30 2009 	Way way overpriced!	We booked one night at the Mark Hopkins pre-cruise. Nice location and nice view. That's about all you get. Parking was over $50 per night. I wish our travel agent had warned us. We would have gone Best Western or something.We asked the front desk some questions and they were friendly, but clueless.	
Jun 30 2009 	ugh	After being won over to the Intercontinental in Atlanta and London I was very disappointed by the Mark Hopkins. My wife ended up with bed bugs. Bad bed and an obnious staff. These people need to go to a hotel with great service to learn. Are they mad because they have had to lower their price.It's always sad to see a former great hotel to be run into the ground.Nelson	
Jun 30 2009 	Great rate great stay (but beware staying by the elevator)	My husband and I stayed for three nights when visiting my sister. I am a Priority Club member and they had a fantastic rate ($119). When we arrived we were upgraded to suite. It was a lovely suite and was clean and well appointed. The only wrinkle is that it was the room next to the elevator. It was noisy. We debated on changing rooms, but ultimately stayed because we would rather listen to the elevator than to another couple. We found the staff very pleasant, but we don't use them for much because we don't find any staff to be all that helpful and would rather just do it ourselves. We did ask for a few restaurant suggestions (which were great). We also asked them if they maps of Napa (we went tasting one day) and they did. We already knew where we wanted to go, so didn't need them to plan anything.One thing I think is important to mention is this hotel is on the tippy top of Nob Hill. We are fit people and did not mind the huff and puff up the hill every day. However, if you have elderly or injured as part of your party, I would suggest a different hotel.	
Jun 25 2009 	A Toss Up Between Arrogance and Incompetence	The Hopkins was offering a great rate and now we know why. The staff was rude and they overcharged us anyway. I politely disputed the charge at checkout and was told nobody could help me at the front desk - during checkout time. They gave me a number. I called the number. I was told they couldn't help me because they needed to review the tape of the phone conversation to see if it verified what I said I was quoted (one night at $179 and two at $129). I called back later and they said they reviewed the tape and I was right and they were sorry. They would credit the $50 on my $600 bill. Fine. I received my credit card bill with no $50 credit. I called a third time and was put on hold for 15 minutes before I finally hung up in frustration (a non-toll-free number). We travel a fair amount. We understand mix-ups happen. What I don't understand is why we were treated so poorly, why it took four attempts (and counting) to rectify the bill and, frankly after all this, why the Mark Hopkins is still open. What a disappointment in an otherwise great vacation.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great Hotel-Good Value	I loved this hotel, the room was great and most of the service was outstanding. (The main concierge always seemed put out when asked for advice.) i agree with other readers, the restaurants are very expensive but you can walk a few blocks to some very nice , inexpensive restaurants. We had a great room and it was always cleaned on time. They even had a nice turn down service.	
Jun 24 2009 	Luxurious	Spent one night at the Intecontinental Mark Hopkins. We reached the hotel early for check in but the staff was very nice and let us check in though the only room that they had was on a smoking floor. However, rather than wait for a couple of hours we decided to take it. No complaints. The smell of smoke was very faint and someone had conveniently left the bathroom window up to air out the place which was good. It is in a great location and we were able to cross the street to get a trolley car and go everywhere. Pricey, but worth it.	
Jun 22 2009 	Ineptitude with an attitude	First and last time at this hotel. When we opened the door to the first room we were given, there was another couple inside. The second room we were given was still dirty; bed was made but food on the desk and used towels in the bathroom. We asked again for a new room and were given quite a bit of attitude. After finally agreeing, we asked for them to move our bags as we were running late for dinner. When we got back later that night ... still no bags in our new room. To cap off the experience, when we went to check out the next day, they tried to charge us for internet access we never used.There are dozens of great hotels in SF. This is not one of them.	
Jun 17 2009 	Overpriced for what it is	We booked this hotel before we discovered Trip Advisor so can be forgiven for making the mistake! The location of the hotel is superb with commanding views over the bay howver the rooms are nothing to write home about for the price. The biggest disappointment is the restaurant where you have breakfeast - excellent though it is - the bill was always over $150 for myself, my wife and my 3 children then aged 15, 13 and 8. This just seemed a complete rip off for a family hotel and there didnt seem to be a reasonable alternative within close range	
Jun 16 2009 	Luxury at a fair price	Beautiful hotel in a historic building located in the swankiest of San Fran neighborhoods. Very conveniently located for touring the city on foot. The Top of the Mark is a wonderful place to have a drink and check out the beautiful skyline. They wave the steep cover if you're staying at the hotel. We had a room facing the busy street on a lower floor, but the noise wasn't a problem. I actually opened the window because the weather was so nice. Staff was helpful and courteous, and the rooms themselves were very well appointed. In short, this is a luxury hotel at a very reasonable rate for SF. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jun 14 2009 	Nice place to stay in SF	Got a pretty good rate on priceline for this hotel. Located on top of a hill, it is a little bit of a walk ( downhill) to the main downtown area.Hotel itself is a grand old building. Got a room with decent views, and of course, the views from the top floor is great! (when the fog clears). Pricey internet .	
Jun 9 2009 	Good location and confortable stay	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins on our honeymoon in February 2009. On arrival we had some chocolate covered strawberries and champagne awaiting us which was a lovely touch.The room was great and had fantastic views. The location was good and right near a tram line. If we were to go again we may stay a bit closer to Union Square e.g. Sir Francis Drake Hotel.The bar at the Big Four just round the corner was nice for a cocktail. The Cheesecake Factory at Union Square was good. Jacks bar at Fishermans Wharf was cool.	
Jun 6 2009 	Beautiful luxurious treated like a queen my entire stay.	If you are looking for style in the city this is your place ! A bit pricey but worth every penny. The room was upgraded by our wonderful night manager &quot; Aldo Martin &quot; to amend for a past problem. The place was huge, elegant, in room bath spa, beautiful decor...Just an awesome Anniversary gift ! We had views of Alcatraz, the Bay Bridge and the golden gate from our room ! Incredible ! The hotel is within walking distance of shopping, China town and many restaurants. We ate in our room because the food was incredible and very reasonable if compared to an outside restaurant. A very classy place to stay and the staff are very accommodating ready to fix any problem, take responsibility and make things better then right ! ( As I described above ). We have already been back and will go again.	
Jun 5 2009 	Great place	The Mark Hopkins is a fantastic hotel in a great location. I have read about people’s complaints on here about the street noise first you have to realize that you are in a big city some noise it to be expected. From our 6th floor room we did not hear a single car, or anything that was vacation ruining. The walk around the area is rather hilly, but the hotel is on nob hill... a hill in San Francisco, being prepared to walk regardless. Its not that bad and walking is good for you, especially after all the food you will eat. The hotel itself is amazing. It’s beautiful, the pictures describe it all. We reserved standard room. it was very nice, great view of the city, even on the 6th floor. The maid service was really good; they were in and out really quick and did a superb job. Top of the Mark was great. The staff was very friendly, even though we only ordered coffee. The Waiter seemed to always be aware when my coffee was low and was there to fill up my cup.The Front office people and bell staff were efficient but rather cold. Working in hotels myself i was hoping for some level of friendliness.My Girlfriend Who works as a concierge here in Las Vegas emailed their concierge staff for local information. She received a general reply with several web sites, nothing even remotely helpful.The front office agent was very efficient but did not seem to be interested in anything other than finishing our check in. The doorman when asked for a cab became flustered even though we were the only ones requesting one. No one opened doors for us, several bell/door/valet stood there and watched us as they were carrying on a personal conversation, not even bothering to say helloAll in all we were there to explore the city, not hangout in the hotel, which was very nice. Despite the employees general cold feel we both enjoyed the hotel very much. Being a hotelier myself id suggest this property to anyone who isn’t very needy or has a tendency to want to ask several questions.It was a comfortable bed, and great location, that’s all you need.	
Jun 4 2009 	3 days at the Mark Hopkins ok hotel good location	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for 3 days at the begining of June.On check in we were told he had two bits of news for us. The first was that we had been upgraded and now we had a great view. Excellent we thought. Then he told us the next news that it was on a smoking floor as they didn't have any non smoking rooms left. Not so great.....We only paid $99 per night through hotels.com so I wasn't going to kick up a fuss. Had we been paying the full price I probably would have complained.We valleted the car, which by the way was $53 a day and then headed to our room.The hallway was stinky from smoke so we were worried about the room. When we got in the room it didn't stink of smoke but just of old musty hotel smell.The room was not that nice. Old, stinky, some rotting wood in the bathroom and a toilet that didn't seal properly so the tank refilled itself every 10 minutes. The one good thing was the bed.Went up to the top of the mark one night. That is the bar on topof the hotel, a local landmark. It was OK but drink prices were crazy.The location is close but it is up a very large hill from the main Union Square area so be prepared for that. There are better located hotels for the square.Overall, it was OK for $99. I didn't think it was worth any more than that.	
Jun 2 2009 	Overpriced stingy luxury	The locale is super: the cablecars cross in front and beside the hotel at its Nob Hill address. But the same corporation that owns Holiday Inn Express and there provides you with breakfast and free internet, surcharges everything almost at this deluxe hotel. Okay, the free breakfast isn't going to happen in a place where the menu lists a prix-fixe offering at 62$, but it's the 21st century: the internet should be free in your 365$ room, not an additional 13$ per day. And the smarmy staff in the Intercontinental Club, the exclusive room where 60$ per day buys your room the sort of class-driven snootiness that only the arriviste enjoys, grates in their boot-licking willingness to do whatever it takes to make you feel superior to everyone else, except them of course, in the hotel. In a country that prides itself on equality and democratic principles, this throwback to a class-driven, oligarchic model is unpleasant and treacly. And the Business Centre was a joke, a slapped-together response to a need that was left largely unfilled, though not unbilled, because everything, except the elevator ride to your room was surchargeable.	
Jun 1 2009 	Top of the Mark - not so top!	Great deal on room. Nice Room. Friendly front desk BUT terrible hostess at the Top of the Mark lounge/restaurant. Very rude!!!!!!!! Surprised the facility allows for such staff.	
May 31 2009 	Right at the top of nob hill - walking distance from everywhere ..	Walking distance from everywhere interesting .. if you dont mind a really steep hill of course :)This is a wonderful old property, and a historical landmark too.Great views from the Top of the Mark restaurant (and a chef who I was told was french - which explained the cold cuts and really fresh croissants I found there along with the usual bagels eggs bacon sausages american meal .. it takes a frenchman to make a really tasty croissant, somehow) :)I've stayed here four or five times so far (its the regular venue for a conference that I attend). Can't wait to go back once when I'm just on vacation rather than working. Even if I do have to fly all the way to san fran from India .. I dont mind it, that hotel is relaxing.	
May 31 2009 	Do not even think to stay at the Mark Hopkins	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for a special event. We usually stay at Interconti hotels around the world and without doubt this hotel does not deserve to be part of the Intercontinental brand. The service is lousy and the rooms show signs of lack of investment and care. We were informed at check-in that in order to CUT COSTS, the management decided to cancel room service from 11AM till 5PM and after 11PM!! I asked for a second chocolate square at turn down service and the cleaning lady told me that I had to demonstrate that my wife really was staying with me because the manager counted the chocolate squares against the number of guest at the end of the day. Management was more concerned with counting chocolate squares than with treating customers right at the front desk. We asked to talk to the manager, and never heard from him. They messed up our bill at check out. On top of all this they charge 50 dollars to park your car. In summary, this hotel used to be a luxury one, a new manager took over with a cost cutting mission and now they run an Intercontinental like a cheap motel. If you go to San Francisco go to the Freemont or choose a real cheap motel.	
May 26 2009 	Great Value Right Now	I spent four nights at the Mark Hopkins over Memorial Day weekend. It was a good choice, location-wise, although we did not do the typical touristy sightseeing. It's located at the top of Nob Hill, so while everything is found downhill from the hotel, afterwards, you do have to find your way back up somehow. There are good views of the TransAmerica building from the hotel. The Nob Hill location is very windy, particulary at night and then less so in the early morning. Cabs were plentiful at the hotel and throughout the city; there's a doorman to hail them for you. He can also hail the cable cars in front of the hotel using his whistle. There is underground parking at the hotel (but it's expensive at approximately $50 per day), as well as a small lot outside the lobby for pick-ups and drop-offs (rather than having to do it on the busy street). The lobby area is attractive, and there's a business center, café, and fitness center on the floor below. The gift shop closed a few months ago, so if you need anything, you must walk across to the Fairmont Hotel to use theirs--which is slightly annoying for a hotel of this renown. There are no mini-mart type stores immediately surrounding the hotel, but just walk a few blocks. The Top of the Mark is popular with hotel guests and others. We only peeked in on a Sunday night, but we did not drink or dine there. I believe that they have a prix-fixe menu on certain nights of the week, along with live music later on in the evenings for a $10 cover charge. My room was nicely decorated but on the small size (and I was upgraded to a deluxe room because I'm a Priority Club member, so I'm not sure what the standard rooms are like; the deluxe category may be the floor location rather than size, however), but the bathroom was well-appointed and large. There were decent toiletries, towels, sheets, iron, umbrella, alarm clock, minibar, hairdryer. The room décor is modern but not completely so--there was a CD player (not an iPod docking station) and a regular TV (not a flat-screen). Internet was about $12 for 24-hours, which could be used over your entire stay, not necessarily concurrently over the course of just one day. A cab from the airport was $45 and took approximately 20-30 minutes (without traffic). We got a great rate of approximately $120 per night, certainly due to the bad economy and lack of travelers. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again, especially at those prices!	
May 22 2009 	Skeptical but Pleasantly Surpised	Like many of you, I read reviews from time to time and wonder if they're real or simply hype. My fascination with the Mark Hopkins dates back to the movie &quot;Bullitt.&quot; When I found out I'd be traveling to San Francisco on business, I decided to stay at the hotel. But would the good reviews hold up?I checked into the hotel around 11 p.m. on a Friday night. I had booked a King Bed Room on the Executive Club Floor. I called earlier in the day to inform the hotel I would be arriving late. I was dealt with promptly and professionally during the call. Upon my arrival, I drove directly into the small parking area off of California and Mason St. A valet attendant helped me with my bags and I was on my way.I was greeted by a friendly attendant at the front desk. He had good news for me. I had been upgraded to a Deluxe Terrace Suite. The entire transaction took less than 5 minutes. Then we were on our way to our room on the 15th floor.First things first, this is a historic hotel and its old. But get this. The place is by no means run down. As we entered our room, we found a nice couch, computer desk, television, and fax machine in one room. There was a separate dining room along with an enclosed terrace room that provided AMAZING views of San Francisco. Then, off of the dining room is the large bathroom (with hot tub style bath) and a large bedroom with a reading chair and table.On a scale of 1-10, I rank the size of this suite an 8. It was a perfect size. It felt like an apartment. As for amenities, I'd give it another 8. The suite included a hairdryer, shaving kit, bath robes, even turn down service each night. Best of all, the suite was elegant in design.Now for the negatives. As others have reported, you can definitely hear the noise from the street below. This was more apparent late at night than in the day. I could hear car alarms going off, the cable car going down the street, even loud conversations 15 floors below. And yes, when people shut the doors to their hotel rooms, you can hear it in your room. As for noise from neighbors, this was not a problem for me. I could hear people talking in the hallway at night, but noise from neighboring rooms was not an issue. The only other downer is parking. Valet parking is expensive, but in a town with few parking spots, it's expected.As for room service, it was fast, the people were friendly, and the food was good. Unfortunately they stop service each night at 11 p.m. Of course, if you stay here I recommend having a few drinks at Top of the Mark. I did just before sunset on Saturday evening. What a view! You can see the Golden Gate Bridge in the distance. The place was a bit crowded, and yes, the people at the reception desk for a bit snooty, but the place is worth a visit. And our waiter was great. My favorite drink was the Snow Cone Martini followed by Jack in Manhattan.In all, I really enjoyed my visit at the Mark Hopkins. The suite was amazing and the views were PERFECT. It made up for the street noise and the noise in the hallways. I'd definitely stay there again. Of course, I'd opt for a suite with a view if you really want to experience this hotel at its best.	
May 22 2009 	Beautiful!	Gorgeous hotel! Beautiful building, lovely location. Nice, comfortable rooms, with a very comfortable bed. Was decorated very festively for Christmas when I was there, which made the place feel very cozy and warm.	
May 21 2009 	Dramatic quality decline	I last stayed at the Mark Hopkins two years ago. It's an older hotel but renovated in the past 10 years so it's of a modern standard, located at the top of Nob Hill with some nice views. I am a Platinum Ambassador member, so I am fairly loyal to InterContinental hotels and generally happy with my experience.My experience at the Mark Hopkins was considerably below what I would expect of an InterContinental property. I waited 15 minutes to check in and another 15 minutes to catch an elevator to my room (1 of the 3 elevators was out of service). The check-in agent assured me that I was in an upgraded room (an amenity that you receive by virtue of paying to be an Ambassador member), but once I got to the room it was very clear that this was not an upgraded room. Room size was extremely small, (couldn't close the bathroom door while standing at the sink), internet service was only slightly faster than dial-up, and the breakfast buffet cost $28 for a very disappointing selection of items (could not order a'la carte, buffet was only option). Room service and restaurant service was unavailable after 11:00pm, but the bellman pointed me to a hotel about a block away where I could get food.Complaints/concerns fell on deaf ears. I called the front desk with questions and was assured I'd get a return phone call from the manager. 3 hours later, no call. I rung back and was disconnected by the operator. On the third try I was transferred to a voicemail box that wasn't accepting new messages.I won't be staying at this hotel again and would discourage others from staying here. The severe pullback in service standards has dramatically hurt the guest experience and overall I felt that my stay was more akin to an experience at a Holiday Inn than an InterContinental.	
May 3 2009 	Great location! Nice rooms.	I stayed here for 2 nights for a conference held at the hotel. Check in was slow, but the clerk was friendly. The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill and on 2 trolley lines. My room overlooked the bay and the Transamerica building and was spacious. I easily walked to Union Square where there are lots of places to eat and shop (the restaurants recommended by the hotel were all outrageously expensive). The meeting rooms were freezing cold and smelled a bit musty (especially the Room of the Dons). The sound system in the meeting rooms was really poor. The internet was 12.00 per day, but the business center allows you to print your boarding passes for free.I would stay here again for a personal visit, but it wasn't a great place for a conference.	
May 3 2009 	Holiday Inn prices with the Ritz level of service	We just stayed at this hotel last weekend, and I was SHOCKED with joy at how wonderful it was. Mark Hopkins is a Grande old Dame... perched on top of Nob Hill. Easy walk to Union Square, and the cable car. Our room was on the 12th floor with a great view. The room was large, and extremely well appointed. The bathroom was large with really nice amenities and the large shelf above the sink was great to put toiletries on. The water pressure in the shower was a wonderful surprise too. See... I have extremely thick and longer hair and without good pressure I cannot get the shampoo out. Nice shower. The bed was heavenly too. We prefer our beds to be rock hard and ultra firm. This one would satisfy all customers -- those like us who like a firm one, and the others that like soft. The pillows were perfect too (which never happens in a hotel either!). Our room also was stocked with coffee and CoffeeMate which totally excited me. I know...I know... silly but true! The Concierge, George became our best friend. He was so helpful and scored great dinner reservations for us. We called for allergy free bedding upon first arrival and within 5 minutes they appeared. Same thing the next day when my husband needed shaving cream. LESS THAN 5 MINUTES? Wow. The service was impeccable. Top of the Mark chocolate Martinis come very highly recommended too :) LOVED THIS HOTEL. Plus... we got our room (and they upgraded it free) for $99 a night. NOt too shabby	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice hotel but terrible service and thin walls	When we arrived the hotel we knew the entire trip was doomed. I had read other reviewers here discuss their problems checking in because their booking was done with Priceline but figured since we used Travelocity we wouldn't have that problem. I was wrong.We booked a Deluxe King room through Travelocity as a package. When we arrived to check in, the person behind the desk &quot;confirms&quot; that we have a Standard room and proceeds to begin checking us in. We stopped him immediately and informed him we had a Deluxe King room not a Standard room to which he asked if we had documentation from Travelocity to show him. We were not pleased to be asked for proof of what we were saying, essentially calling us liars. We produced our Travelocity receipt and was then told we'd be &quot;upgraded&quot; to a Deluxe King room. Yes, I was told we were being upgraded to the room I paid for. Hmm, ok ignore this fool and just go upstairs, freshen up, and hit the street of San Francisco. Hold on, the &quot;upgraded&quot; room is not available yet so we need to come back after 3pm; we got there at 10am. Fine, we'll go to lunch and then come back. We leave our luggage with the bellhops and get a claim check. We head out for lunch and some time-killing until 3pm. When we return, our room is ready so we give the claim check for our luggage to the bellhops and head up. After about a half hour or so, we get a call asking what our luggage looks like. This is NOT good. I give them a description and wait. Another half hour goes by and we get our luggage, minus my bag. I head downstairs to try to find my bag. After another 15 minutes of searching I find no bag. Out of the blue a bellhop lounges in with my bag. I identify my bag and everyone is surprised; surely that can't be good. The manager walks in, sees I found my bag and says &quot;Ok, good so you found your bag.&quot; That's it. No apologies, not a smile, nothing.We had already decide to never stay here again when evening begins to fall. The &quot;upgraded&quot; room is a connecting room and also has extremely thin walls. We hear the people in the adjacent rooms, on either side of us, a lot. Then we become aware of the charming slamming sound that the room doors make when they close. Oh, did I mention that even on the 11th floor, the street noise was crystal clear? It was especially grand to hear the dumpters being emptied in the wee hours of the morning. We spent 7 days there. Again, we will never stay there again.The hotel itself is very nice and charming but the staff are incredibly indifferent (to the point of being useless), the business center is only available for certain guests, the beds are barely comfortable, and the elevators are very small.The room we had was well taken care of; the housekeepers servicing that floor were very friendly and attentive and got to know us.We travel to San Francisco every year (staying at the Nikko) and are aware of the hills and the location that is Nob Hill. We wanted to be away from the hustle of Union Sq. and figured this was a good option, that is not true. We actually heard more noise at the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins than at the Nikko. It is our intent to stay at the Nikko next year when we go again.Hope this helps others in their decision making.	
Apr 23 2009 	Nice hotel terrible service	We traveled into San Francisco for the evening, staying at the Mark Hopkins for one night. I arrived, in the car, at the valet parking entrance and intended to ask about the rates prior to having it parked. The doorman confirmed that the valet rate of $47 + tax was for &quot;per overnight stay&quot;. I thought this was a little strange, as it was usually per 24 hour period, but he confirmed it again, and I decided to park there on that basis (I had considered parking it down the street for $26 per 24 hour period). On checkout, I was presented with the options to remove the car before 1pm or pay for a further 24 hour period. Turns out, they do charge per 24 hour period, the doorman had given me the wrong information, and they were going to charge me double what I expected. I asked to speak to the manager who proceeded to tell me that there was no way the charge could be waived, in spite of acknowledging that her staff had messed up, and that I would need to pay if I wanted to car to stay there. She was incredibly unhelpful, and had the &quot;I am looking at you and pretending to listen, while I am in fact ignoring every word that is coming out of your mouth&quot; look down to perfection.Prior to this event, we encountered some pretty rude lobby staff, aside from one guy who was actually pretty good. As well as that, the service we got at the Top the Mark was almost laughable. We confirmed a corkage fee before going, only for it to be changed on arrival, were overcharged for two items on the bill and we were then ignored on several occasions after we ordered drinks. After a third request by one of my friends for a glass of water for his wife, the waitress put her out hand in his direction and told him to ask the barman as she was busy! Interesting customer service for a place which is advertised as high end.Overall, very nice hotel, good rooms, nice location; just a shame that the staff don't match up. Would recommend it to a friend, with the caveat that it is probably best not to expect too much help from some of the staff...	
Apr 23 2009 	Great rates and nice hotel	This was a very nice hotel with a sort of grand old San Francisco feeling to it. As mentioned by other reviewers, the hotel is at the very top of Nob Hill, and it is a steep climb up and down when you want to walk anywhere. However, there is a trolley stop nearby and we had no problem getting taxis. We stayed here because it was convenient to a wedding we were attending. The service was excellent and very friendly. The rooms were large and modern and very clean and we had a great view of the city.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent Staff lovely hotel	This beautiful hotel in a prominent landmark of San Francisco, with the cable line passing right beside it was one of the most beautiful properties I have stayed in in the recent years.The staff was extremely competent, as we are Priority Club members, our room was upgraded and we received a lovely bottle of champagne when we checked in. A 'must-see' is the Top of the Mark restaurant at the top floor of the hotel which has the most stunning views of thew Bay on one side and the Golden Gate Bridge on the other.Union Square is a few blocks down, there are so many lovely breakfast places nearby - one never needs to eat in the hotel at all! The concierge was well-informed, they directed us to a fabulous winery in Napa called Domaine-Chandon. Our 8 night stay in this hotel was memorable - I will absolutely recommend this to each and everyone looking for a memorable stay in beautiful San Francisco.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great location with friendly staff.	My husband and I took an Easter weekend getaway to San Francisco. We wanted to be in a good location to do some walking. This was situated on Nob Hill and it was a nice walk to Fisherman's Wharf. It also has a very close trolley stop. The staff was friendly. We called the concierge on numerous occasions to find out where to eat. Breakfast at the Top of the Mark was spectacular. Food was good and the view is great. We would stay there again if we visit San Francisco again.	
Apr 9 2009 	great value at a very nice hotel	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights and i can indeed recommend this hotel. huge spacious rooms, nicely decorated, Elemis bath products and just really good service. we took a look at 3 different rooms before deciding - and the staff was absolutely fine with it. we ended up with a standard room - the biggest I have seen in SF and with the most amazing view. Rooms have everything you need and is just lovely. We had breakfast at Top of the Hotel (Top of Mark) and it was a good experience - good food (also healthy options) and fantastic views. Overall, a very positive experience - and at great value too - we paid 150 dollars per night during the weekend, which is good value	
Apr 9 2009 	Overall a wonderful stay but beware of Valet Parking	Just returned from a two night stay at the Mark Hopkins. We are a family of six so we booked two rooms which worked out just fine. We truly enjoyed our stay here. Location is great, we had rooms on the 15th floor, so we had spectacular views. Breakfast at The Top of the Mark was expensive, but we knew that, and we wanted the experience of the view. Overall I would rate this hotel very highly but unfortunately we had our GPS unit and Satellite radio stolen from their Valet Only parking facility. We were charged $53.00 per night for that privilege, so please beware!.	
Mar 28 2009 	Just what I expected.	The Mark is a very old hotel. I last stayed there 20 years ago and little has changed. The rooms, as expected, where small. The upper floor views can be sensational -- mine looked out on part of the bay and Alcatraz. The Top of the Mark is a great spot for a drink or dinner ($$$$$). Valet took forever --- 30 minutes to get my car.	
Mar 27 2009 	Incredible Honeymoon!!!!	I am not understanding some of the other reviews during my stay there the experience was first class. I definitely will be making this hotel my first choice in San Francisco. The décor is amazing; the concierges are extremely helpful and tend to your every need. We wanted to rent DVDs one night and they brought us a DVD player in what seemed like seconds. The house cleaning was wonderful so much to where I was embarrassed to leave anything laying around because the first night she folded all my clothes. Every time I would drops something it would be picked up for me, we left money expensive things laying around and they were right where we left them when we got back. I would definitely recommend this for anyone especially for a romantic trip. We were on our honeymoon and we had champagne waiting for us at our arrival. The room was large with a beautiful view and the bathroom was not at all small. The Top of the Mark does cost 10.00 as a cover charge but its not like drinking at a hotel restaurant, when we went it was like a club of its own and many people on the elevator told us they weren’t staying in the hotel but had to visit the Top of the Mark. It was a amazing experience and if any of the other reviews stated they had to wait for a drink at the Top of the Mark (which we didn’t, we were seated immediately) it was only because so many people want that experience and with its history it really is something to brag about. Its worth the wait!!!	
Mar 26 2009 	A Little Off The Mark...	My initial impression of the hotel was a good one when I walked by it a few days before I checked in. Although it's at the top of Mason street (lots of hills) I thought it would be well worth the trek. When I went to check in there was a long line to do so and only one person assisting with the process, which I found to be ridiculous. It's a hotel that attracts a lot of business travelers and should be better prepared to deal with a volume of people in the late afternoon/evening, when people typically arrive. I had reserved a king room, but was told that only a queen was available. The room was clean, but very small and the bathroom was smaller than that of my NYC apartment's bathroom. Before dinner we decided to have a drink at the Top of the Mark bar, but were told there was a half hour wait for a drink. What do you do when you're waiting to have a drink? You can't have a drink, after all. Also, there is a cover charge after 6:30, which I found completely ridiculous. I wasn't able to wait to be seated, but given the location and the view the bar speaks so highly of, I'm sure they inflate the drink prices enough. The rooms' walls are also paper thin. I could hear a lot of knocking on doors down the hall early in the morning, which I didn't appreciate. Overall this place has a good location, but I was disappointed with the service I experienced.	
Mar 14 2009 	Good but just good.	I expected a 5-star experience and what I got was merely good. Nothing about the rooms or common areas really compares to what you might find at a true luxury hotel. Still, the stay was pleasant with no complaints other than reality not matching my expectations. The Top of the Mark is not to be missed, for drinks and live music/dancing.	
Mar 5 2009 	Location Location Location!!	I stayed at this hotel last year and had the most wonderful time!The hotel is not only beautiful, the location was perfect! We were able to walk short distances to catch the cable car and other public transportation. They also offered a complementary car service every night that took us to the MUNI station.Our room was a double room. VERY spacious for SF. The bathroom was huge! Elegant and comfortable. The lobby was always immaculate. We stayed there for 5 nights and were sad to go, but we continued our trip to Sonoma.The &quot;Top of The Mark&quot; was a nice place to enjoy a cocktail and some good tunes in the evenings before heading out to dinner. It would also be nice for a nightcap.Can't wait to return! I've stayed at other InterContinental hotels and now actively seek them out because of the Mark Hopkins.	
Mar 3 2009 	Fantastic City Scape Package	We choose the 'City Escape Package' which included breakfast buffet for two in Nob Hill restaurant in the first floor, valet parking, consultation with Concierge, and check-out at 2:00 pm for $149. We were placed in the 12th floor facing the city. The room was comfortable and quiet. It had a nice view of the city. Considering that the valet parking was $45 and the breakfast buffet for two was $76 it was a great deal. The breakfast buffet was very delicious combined with a attentive, efficient, and cordial staff. If you have a chance to have this package with the same value you will not leave disappointed. It was a fantastic experience.	
Mar 2 2009 	Amazing service!!!	My parents stayed at the Mark Hopkins this past weekend and the concierge was an amazing help in making their visit special. It was their anniversary and when I called about sending some gifts to put in their room before they arrived, he made it happen seamlessly. My parents called me upon their arrival and from what they said, it sounded like the hotel had gone above and beyond what I had asked in terms of their room and the special extras inside it. They were completely surprised and ecstatic!They've stayed at the hotel before and they think it's great in general. They love the bar at the top of the hotel, it has amazing views.	
Feb 22 2009 	Beautiful hotel	Fantastic views from the Top of the Mark, rooms were amazing. Location was perfect, on two different cable car lines. Great place to see the city from. Absolutely recommended! The only slight negative was the price of breakfast, which was steep considering the cost of the room.	
Feb 11 2009 	Stunning place	I loved this hotel. There were shops by reception and at the top of the hotel there was an amazing bar where we enjoyed cocktails looking out on the sparkling lights if San Francisco.Our room was fairly high up the building and it was nice seeing cable cars go by in the day and watching a congregation of Chinese do their Tai-Chi on the top of a low building garden opposite!The TV had &quot;Welcome&quot; (followed by our surname!) on it when we arrived.San Francisco is a great place to visit and this was a great hotel to spend a few nights in.	
Feb 10 2009 	Always the best!	My wife and I have been coming to San Francisco for a very long time (40 years+). Through the years we have stayed at all the top hotels &amp; some bottoms! Since we started staying at the Mark Hopkins we stay no where else. This hotel is at the top of their game in taking care of their hotel guests. The guest services by all the staff is what makes this place stand out. All the positive reviews cover the what's right with this hotel. The Mark Hopkins in very comfortable in what does best.....make sure the guests enjoy their stay. Staying at the Mark Hopkins is now one of the main reasons we return to the City.If you are looking for a hot new place of the moment, full of glass and brass and gimick lobby bars and etc. don't stay here. If you are looking for comfort, service, fantastic location, personal attention, stay here. The people you will come in contact when you stay here will make you feel welcome from the door-man to the room cleaning staff. The long-term consigieres are so helpful they could probably arrange open heart surgery for you if needed!!! The management staff is behind the scene, but you will know they are there for you, if ever needed.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great Classic Hotel	Booked a 4 night stay with reward points. Double bedded room with view of harbour and Fairmont hotel, reasonably sized room, well furnished and clean, beds super comfy, very large luxurious bathroom. Breakfast and cocktails at the Top of The Mark, very expensive, but well worth it for the views and the experience.If you are looking for a huge bling style hotel, with all the &quot;lobby experience&quot; stuff then this hotel is not for you. This is a classic historical hotel, were the luxury is understated, not over the top.The Mark Hopkins is very centrally located, although you do need to walk up and down hills to get anywhere - but this is San Fancisco! They do however run a free limo service to Union Square.Overall a very nice hotel, and I would be more than happy to stay again.	
Jan 27 2009 	Love the Mark Hopkins!	I love the Mark Hopkins! My boyfriend and I have stayed there several times and we always enjoy our stay. We have stayed at the Mark twice in December and we always get great rates because of the low season, usually for around $150. The concierge is super helpful with everything, from upgrading us, to making reservations for dinner, to holding a birthday cake in the hotel kitchen for us. The deluxe king rooms are absolutely huge and the beds are really comfortable. Also, sunday brunch at top of the mark cannot be beat!	
Jan 21 2009 	Memorable Experience...	Stayed one weekend in January with some friends. This property location can't be beaten - adjacent to two (yes, two) cable car lines and easily reached by all forms of transportation. We were upgraded upon our arrival and the staff here are 5 star all the way. I called to have towels sent to us and in less than one minute the doorbell rang - I've never seen such prompt service. The views and access to the Top of the Mark can't be beaten - I see why this place rates so highly. It is smaller than the Fairmont- almost a boutique hotel really, but full of history and charm. This isn't a state of the art place in terms of technology, but it reminds me of an age when hotels were truly grand places. My only gripe was that breakfast (while delicious) was incredibly overpriced. But the bathroom was superb, the bed and linens were excellent and I coudn't have asked for a better experience.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great location nice room - slow internet!	This is the third time I stayed at the Mark Hopkins - and while I was initially concerned about the 2nd floor room they assigned me, the view was actually pretty cool off of Nob Hill towards Market Street/the South. Room was large and super clean.The only thing that irked me was the painfully slow wireless internet connection. It was inconsistent, and slow - especially for watching streaming video/music. This is San Fran - center of the tech world - there is no reason why the internet connection should be soooooo slooooow.Service was fine and location is great - will stay again, but hopefully they will up the connection speed on their wireless routers...	
Dec 28 2008 	Not Quite the Expected Perfection	So we took advantage of the travel deals currently occurring and chose to stay for a week in early December 2008. The first thing I did was look out the window where I received my first minor disappointment – our “bay view” room was more like a “city view.” Yes you could see a corner of Alcatraz Island if standing near the window and looking down the street. But if just standing in the middle of the room looking out the window, it was a view of Grace Cathedral, not the bay. The good news is that’s a pretty good view, especially at night in December when the trees in the park all had lights and the interior lights shine out the windows of the cathedral. The room (a standard room with a king bed) was quite luxurious. It was large, nicely decorated room retaining the historic trim with lush bedding, a walk-in closet, and a marble lined bathroom. Furnishings also included a Radio/CD player and a DVD player, and a mini-bar with room for your own stuff in the armoire that also held the TV. Your choice of newspaper (or newspapers) is/are delivered each morning. There were several items that detracted from the room in my opinion. First, the TV wasn’t a flat-panel TV. To me, you can’t be a “5-star” establishment these days if you haven’t upgraded the TV – they just aren’t that expensive anymore. Second was the internet charge (approximately $10/day). Internet charges just bug me when internet is included almost every “basic” hotel these days and certainly does not cost the hotel anywhere near $10/day to provide internet service to a room. Finally, there was a lack of drawer space – only 2 very small drawers and one medium drawer in the armoire holding the TV and mini-bar. The public lounge area in the hotel is now very small – they have converted most of it into either a restaurant or the “Executive Club Lounge.” The lounge was nice it had a 42” plasma TV, games, books, newspapers, satellite radio, internet, complementary beverages, a pretty full breakfast (basically a deluxe cold buffet with smoked salmon, nice cheese, fruit, and breads), and other snacks during the day. Plus there is another concierge type person in the lounge to provide assistance. The problem of course is that the Club Lounge isn’t open to general guests – this color and charm will set you back $30 per person per day if you are staying in a “Standard Room” but is included with a “Executive Club Level Room”. We did use lounge extensively one cold and rainy day when we weren’t doing much sight seeing, but I’d be hard pressed to recommend paying for it either as part of the room cost or as a separate charge.Service is where the Mark Hopkins shines. Every staff member we dealt with was incredibly and went out of their way to help us with what we needed. Especially when dealing with a couple of minor problems and of course getting us to the airport to fly home. In this respect – they achieved perfection. Hint – the door on California Street marked “Top of the Mark” isn’t just for the restaurant. It will lead you to an elevator to the lobby and the rooms pretty quickly and save you part of the walk up the hill from the Powell Street cable cars. Hint 2 – Your basic transportation up/down Nob Hill will be the cable cars. They cost $5 each trip. Therefore, you WILL want the muni-passport (1-day $11; 3-day $18; or 7-day $21). See info here: http://www.sfmta.com/cms/mfares/passports.htm Or get the CityPass if you want to include museums too.	
Dec 28 2008 	elegant stay in San Francisco	Stayed over a weekend for professional meeting.  Location is great and service is outstanding.  Room is somewhat small but the views of the bridge are splendid.  Top floor bar/restaurant is a bit pricey but the exhilarating views of the city and the bay are worth the splurge.  We would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Location	After many nights researching hotels for this trip I decided on the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins. We were so glad we ended up at the Mark Hopkins. Great location, beautiful hotel in Nob Hill. ROOMBooked the Excutive Level King - Room 1422. This room had a grea view of the Golden Gate Bridge/Bay, Grace Cathedral and California Cable Line. Ask for this room.It is an older hotel like many in San Francisco but well-maintained and nicely decorated. We didn't find the room to be any smaller than a normal hotel we've stayed in during our travels.CLUB LEVEL A MUSTMake sure you book a Club Level room. Its well worth the extra cost in snack and drinks alone. Its a very nice lounge that serves 5 mini-meals throughout the day starting at 6:30-10:30 I believe. Great for grabbing breakfast, snack or tea in the afternoon, lite appetizers and drinks in the evening. Especially nice if traveling from east coast and haven't adjusted to time difference. I went down and read a few mornings so not to disturb others.Nancy at the Concierge Desk is very informative and can answer any questions you may have. She was my morning friend each day!TOP OF THE MARKThe views are great! Dress up and go on up for a drink and dance!If you book through the website or hotel directly, check back to see if rates drop. We booked and found a reduced rate a few days prior to leaving and hotel matched price. Also check if your company has corporate rates. I was able to get a great price and worth it to stay here.WARNING: PRINT RESERVATIONS WITH RATESMake sure you print out your reservation including rates. My only gripe is after calling and speaking directly to a reservationist my new rate was not reflected in the system. Had I not brought along my new confirmation I had been charged the higher price. Even after presenting email confirmation I was second guessed by Front Desk. Not at all how you want to start your trip after traveling several hours. Note to Front Desk staff you are the first impression to your guest. Only gripe about entire tripI highly recommend getting the City Pass (Citypass.com) with the California and Powell Cable Cars running literally in front of the hotel it makes getting to any place in city a breeze. It includes unlimited cable cars ($5 one-way) and muni buses for $57 for a 7-day pass and includes admissions to attractions and museums. If you got time also check out Mr. Toads Tours. Sounds corny and 100% touristy but who cares it was well worth the money!Tadish's on California Street worth the wait.If your there over a weekend a must is the Farmer's Market at the end of California Street - Take the Cable Car down the hill quick walk to water.	
Dec 3 2008 	beautiful hotel in quiet nobb hill	Beautiful hotel right in front of Fairmont hotel &amp; church. Their &quot;upgraded&quot; room is located on powell street with cable car, so you have a nice view, but it's loud all day and it'll wake you up. The room on california street side was smaller, but had a huge bathroom, and quiet. Downstairs restaurant was excellent! It takes less than 5min to union sqaure &amp; china town by foot but that's leaving from hotel. The hill going back to hotel is not fun at all. Take a taxi!! It coasts $5-6 plz remember this hotel is on top of the hill.!! go cross the street to fairmont, and get crossant&amp; coffee in the morning. Tiny french restaurant one block from hotel was excellent (it's for locals) This hotel is definitely for adults who like quiet atmosphere.You don't need airport shuttle. Take a train it coasts less than $6 and 30min to powell station, and take a taxi for less than $6 to this hotel. public bus is $1.50 and good for a couple of rides. Much cheaper &amp; faster than cable car.	
Nov 17 2008 	Old World Excellence in a convenient location	Booked a double view room for Nov. 11-16 and couldn't have been more pleased. Although the Golden Gate view is only available with King rooms, our view of the Transamerica Building and downtown was beautiful, especially at night. Location on Nob Hill is very central to everything and the cable cars are the most convenient public transport close to the hotel, although we used the hotel's town car and muni buses too. Room itself was not huge and bathroom was tight, but everything was spotless and all the expected amenities were there. This is a historic hotel and so it does show some age, but again everything seemed to be maintained well. Breakfast buffet in the Top of the Mark was good and the views are spectacular - not sure what all the other complaints are about. With any buffet arrangement for breakfast, it always pays to eat early. Service was exemplary throughout our stay, but we don't ask for much. Room had a button where you could request maid service and housekeeping seemed to always clean our room shortly after we activated the light. The local town car service is a big plus and when we came down early Sunday morning to hail a cab to the airport, the hotel offered their town car for $45 - roughly the same cost of a cab. This hotel is a San Francisco classic.	
Nov 2 2008 	Nice hotel small rooms	The Mark Hopkins is a lovely hotel in the Nob Hill district. A deluxe room is only about 350 sq. feet, but was clean and comfortable. The staff at the front desk were not overly friendly.If you book through the hotel's website, do like I did and check back often to see if rates come down the closer you get to your check in date. I called the hotel twice for rate reductions when they were offering the same room I booked with significant discounts each time.A visit to the historic Top of the Mark is a must as the views of the city on a clear night are beautiful. One night when my date and I visited the bar at 12:30AM, we were turned away despite a posted closing time of 1:00AM. This was a little frustrating. We found out the next night they wanted to close early to get ready for the brunch crowd the next morning.Overall, a stay at the Mark Hopkins will not disappoint.	
Oct 18 2008	An elegant home in San francisco	I am told that the hotel was completed the day that Wall Street crashed and whether this is true or not the hotel has the confidence and appearance of the 20's. See the frescos in the conference rooms - one can almost hear the flappers.The hotel is comfortable, the staff pleasant and the structure impressive. It is elegant, the ground floor flooded with light and sparkle. The rooms, and mine was mid-range, was comfortable, though it took me some time to find the light switches. The top-of-the-mark, is fun. Most nights there is entertainment, a piano, a singer and of course, impressive views in each and every direction over the city. I have stayed in a number of hotels in San Francisco. This one will become my home. The Top-of-the-Mark, a haunt. I recommend this hotel and all who work there. The lifts I am told are slow buy hey it's a 1920s building and I, for one, would not wish it to be any different.	
Oct 15 2008 	Love the Bar	Love the Mark Hopkins - I stayed there recently as I am taking a conference group to San Fran in April 09. It was a wonderful hotel with staff that went the extra mile to accommodate your needs. The bonus use of a Town Car (which the hotel offers free - just tip the driver what you think is fair) was great you may have to wait 15 mins but worth the wait when you driver is &quot;Dave&quot;. Who offered great insights into San Fran and was friendly and loved relaying stories on famous guests he had driven (no bad stories just nice ones). The Cocktail bar was the best... cocktails were very cheap (compared to a bar very similar in Sydney Australia) and the service was great too - asked for a cocktail that wasn't on the list and they were happy to make to my specifications (mind you there was 100 cocktails to choose from). The bar snacks were reasonable as well and I can recommend the Corn Chips and dips (fresh, flavoursome and plenty of it).. Hotel in prime location (although recommend you walk down the hills but catch tram or bus back up).Its not a cheap hotel but the benefits are worth it....Love San Fran and love the Mark Hopkins...	
Sep 29 2008	Historic hotel great customer service	We stayed for one night after an international flight. We were so tired we stayed at the hotel for most of tour stay. We booked directly.We have ambassador status and our upgrade request was honored.1) Rooms 4/5 - This was a historic hotel and the rooms were designed that way with modern conveniences. The bathrooms had marble floors and granite tops. I did not like the tub area because it looked old. The views were great. The room was not as large even with the upgrade. 2) Customer service 5/5 - it was excellent, they checked us in early at 9 am. Porters were busy but tried to help as much as they can. Their concierge was helpful with directions and arranged an airport limo which was the same price as a cab ride.3) Location 4/5 - excellent and safe but it was difficult to walk around due to the steep incline. Otherwise, Nob hill is a good place to be.Overall, if you like historic hotels, this is one of them. Customer service is great and the views are one of the best in San Francisco.	
Sep 25 2008 	Loved this Hotel! Wow!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night during our travels in San Francisco. We actually got a great deal on the room through Priceline the morning of our stay! We were extremely pleasantly surprised with this beautiful hotel and had a hard time leaving too!The staff there went above and beyond for us during our stay with recommending a fantastic sushi restaurant down the hill and even arranging for our very own car service to take us to the Italian District! I swear we felt like we had won some contest!I would love to stay here again if we are ever back in the city and would highly recommend to anyone!	
Sep 23 2008 	Great location - more business then pleasure	Recently, I traveled to San Fran for a conference and this is where we got to stay. The hotel itself was traditional in architecture and had up to date in-room amenities. The room was spacious and the views were decent. Wireless was expensive and spotty - why is it that the more expensive a hotel the more you pay for these types of services? Walking distance (although VERY hilly) to main attractions and great food. Service was on point but not overly impressive.	
Sep 20 2008 	Worth the price?	I just returned from a business trip to my favorite city. The Mark Hopkins is a lovely old hotel at the top of Nob Hill. My room overlooked Grace Cathedral from the fourth floor. The views from the top floors and in particular the &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; restraurant and bar are awe inspiring. And the nice part is that you can enjoy the Top of the Mark without incurring the cost of the room! The cable car goes right by the hotel on California Street so you have excellent options for getting to/from Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square. The latter is within walking distance but the walk back to the hotel is all uphill. And they are very steep hills!!The room was clean, small but well appointed. The internet connection efficient. And I was able to extend my check out time with no problem. If you are going for a meeting in one of their meeting rooms, where a jacket! You will be cold. The food was excellent. There are so many wonderful hotels to chose from in San Francisco and the Mark Hopkins is one. That said, I would not spend my own money (because of the cost/value) on a stay there.	
Sep 3 2008	Top Marks for Top of the Mark	Located on Nob Hill, this hotel is the works for spectacular views of San Francisco.I was lucky to have a room on the 17th floor with fanatastic views. The staff could not have been more helpful from check-in to departure. The Club Lounge on the ground floor was a relaxing space to read the newspaper and enjoy an evening night cap. The lounge staff were attentive and helpful (explaining where to catch the best sunsets and how to travel to particular tourist points).The Top of the Mark restaurant is a must with far reaching views while you tuck into breakfast!I enjoyed a very comfortable two night stay and would recommend this hotel and its staff!	
Sep 2 2008 	Big price for just so-so	First the hotel confirmed a price which was much lower than the one advertised. When I called to make sure this wasn't a mistake, they resent a confirmation email. Then when I arrived they quoted the original high price and would not honor their confirmation. The rooms are small for what you pay especially if you get a room at either end of the building. The location is nice for the view but not convenient for getting around the city. The work out area was pretty basic. I would not recommend this place in general.	
Aug 26 2008 	Lovely Hotel on the Top of the Hill	Despite the annoying check-in where the young front desk girl tried to pawn off a king room despite my two doubles request several times until I had to show her my printout, the stay was overall pleasant. Her manager remedied the situation within two seconds and got me the room I had reserved. The bell men and valet were extremely pleasant and helpful. The lobby, of course, is gorgeous. The room is small but well done. Beautiful large granite bathrooms with brass fixtures. The beds were super comfortable with luxurious linens. Top of the Mark is always fun for a couple cocktails and the view. Pretty much what you would expect from a Hotel of this caliber. Parking charge is ridiculous, as most hotel parking is in San Francisco. No big surprise there. The walk to Union Square downhill is the easy part. Coming back? Not so much, but good exercise.You pay a little more at the Mark for everything, but it is a nice place to stay when you can catch a decent rate.	
Aug 2 2008 	Top of the Hill	Very nice hotel. The rooms were not very large but nicely appointed with great views of the city. Stayed for our 3rd honeymoon and not disappointed. However, this is definitely an expensive hotel with parking fees of $50 per night. Another warning, this is at the top of Nob Hill, which is very steep. The cable car which passes directly in front of the hotel is $5 per ride.	
Jul 27 2008 	Beware of overbooking	Beautiful hotel but obviously overbooked during summer. The managers stated comment to our party was &quot;most people use the other bed only for their luggage&quot;. The comment was in response to not having two double bed room available even after specifically requesting a room with two beds. A roll away alternative is NOT a welcome response. Although the staff is purported to have excellent customer service, this was not our experience (four adults).Having traveled extensively I was disappointed in the service, but pleased with the hotel's grandeur and location.	
Jul 26 2008	Stay across the street at the Fairmont Hotel	Architechturally the hotel is beautiful but the staff does not live up to professional standards. I have stayed in Intercontinental Hotels across the world and after my personal experience at this hotel I would never recommend it to anyone nor will I ever stay at another Intercontinental property. I recommend the Fairmont across the street.	
Jul 21 2008 	Ideal San Francisco Experience	We spent our anniversary weekend at the Mark Hopkins. Never having stayed there, but having heard about it my whole life, my expectations were dangerously high. I am pleased to report that the hotel met or exceeded my expectations in every way. The location is very convenient--at the intersection of all three cable car lines--but atop serene and civilized Nob Hill. (Do get a transit pass, by the way--at $5.00 a ride the cable car fares really add up fast). The hotel is old but perfectly maintained, and has all the charm and character you could hope for. Our room, a corner on the 11th floor, was outfitted with all the luxuries you would expect, and more (like an umbrella, clever two-way shades in the bathroom so you could see out but no one could see in, and the newpaper (NY Times, no less) delivered in a cloth bag on your doorknob.) The bed was top-notch, and the bathroom was luxurious and spacious. A small but thoughtful touch: your room key holder has a handy folding city map attached. The Top of the Mark bar is justifiably world famous, and as a hotel guest the cover charge is waived.	
Jul 12 2008 	A Great Hotel	The ICMH is a great city hotel offering the ombiance of old Nob HIll. The location was handy, the hotel staff more than helpful and the breakfast at the Top of the Mark inviting. We spent three days as we visited the City by the Bay and found the hotel perfect in every way.	
Jul 8 2008 	nice hotel at the top of a big hill	This hotel is rather beautiful, a prime example of one of the old classic fancy historical hotels. It's been renovated and the rooms, beds, bathrooms, etc are all updated nicely. The staff are very friendly and nice, helpful whenever you ask. And, the decor is beautiful in the lobby and all around. I'm not sure why folks have complained about this hotel. The only bad thing was that the room I was in, had a locked, but adjoining room, and on the 2nd and 3rd nights, my neighbor was rather noisy. So, the walls are not the thickest, but that is not the fault of anyone in particular, and frankly this situation of noisy neighbors and thin walls often happens to me at many nice hotels. I think I'm just a light sleeper.In terms of shopping, dining and sightseeing, no it's not right next to anything. The cable car ($5 per ride, no transfers) is right outside the door and cabs are readily available. Chinatown is minutes away down hill. Fillmore St is nearby down the hill on the other side. The Ferry Market Building is at the bottom of the hill (from Chinatown), and on a clear day you can see a great view of the city from the Top of the Mark, which is free to look around in.I enjoyed my stay and recommend this hotel, especially if you have a conference there, as I did!	
Jun 23 2008	Nice hotel - very efficient	I stayed at this hotel June 18-22 for a conference and I have to say it was very well organized, clean and the staff were helpful and nice and the check in and check out were both very efficient.I would stay here again, it is walking distance to Union Square, on the main road for the trolley and close to china town and you can easily get around.One thing I really liked is that on the card holder for your room key, there's a little map with common directions and a little map on the other site to help you locate the main places to visit and I used it quite often.It's a very popular hotel for weddings, conferences and just tourists in general and seemed very well managed.	
Jun 13 2008	Worn	I live in the bay area but had to be in SF early in the morning so I decided to get a room using Priceline. I had never been to the Mark Hopkins, but I have high expectations for the Intercontinental brand. Sadly, this hotel doesn't live up to those expectations. I unfortunately was given a smoking room (and Priceline was less than accommodating, but that's another story). The room itself had a fantastic view of downtown, but it was quite worn - there were scoff marks on the wall, it could have really used a paint job, and the cleaning was really bad - there were some almonds on the floor and a loooong hair on one of the towels (for whatever reason, finding other people's hair always creeps me out).Overall, the furnishings were adequate, but not up to par for this class of hotel. As for location, while this area is well-served by transit, it is not exactly a &quot;union square&quot; area or &quot;downtown&quot; hotel - Nob Hill is a significant trek from Market.	
Jun 6 2008 	Had wonderful time	Stayed at the Mark Hopkins on Mother's Day weekend. The room was clean, comfortable and welcoming. Although we did not partake of the special Mother's Day Brunch, we did have a beautiful breakfast buffet in the lobby dining room. One other day the same type of breakfast buffet was served at the Top of the Mark and the view just made the whole thing better! We did call room service twice and the service was very good. I thought the staff was friendly and, quite honestly, that was my one worry beforehand because 6-7 years ago, the front desk staff was pretty darn snooty. But not anymore. We were very pleased and felt welcome. We had no problems getting around...cable cars stop right at the corner...and all-in-all we just had a nice, relaxing time. We would definitely stay at the Mark Hopkins again. It's a beautiful hotel in our favorite American city....what else could we ask for?	
May 20 2008 	Great San Francisco weekend	We are fortunate enough to be close to SF to come up for the night, this night being in celebration of my in-laws 50th wedding anniversary. We wanted to do something special and stay somewhere they would NEVER stay themselves. I picked the Mark Hopkins for the history, location and also The Top of the Mark bar/restaurant.Our check in was flawless, had rooms next to each other on the 11th floor, facing Grace Cathedral (was supposed to be bay view) but didn't want to complain w/the in-laws along. We wanted an effortless experience. Rooms had great big beds, way comfy! Great mini-bar which of course hubby had to have the probably $8 Corona..whatever. Ordered champagne and strawberries in room to celebrate, then up to the Top of the Mark for a drink before dinner. Beautiful view...wow! Even with a little fog on the fringes, gorgeous! The only downside was that they seem to have no dress code up there. I guess I thought it was a classy place and dressed accordingly. We sat next to a girl wearing what I think was a handkerchief, really...you could see way too much...I'm not a prude, really. Just couldn't believe someone would dress like that in SF..Anyways, after dinner (which was not at the hotel but the Jardiniere), back up to the Top of the Mark for a nightcap. No cover charge if you show them your room key!Great jazz band, hubby and I danced (even w/his broken toe). They sat us at a great corner bench and table. The view would have been amazing but the fog came in hard and fast. So what...still gorgeous view.All in all I would recommend this hotel. Everyone and everything was above board and I felt like I DID get my moneys worth. Inlaws were impressed so our weekend was a success!I booked directly with the hotel and got a pretty good rate.I definitely left my heart in SF...about 25 years ago! Keep coming back. Have traveled all over the world and this is one of my favorite places! Make sure you walk down California to Grant and see Chinatown. Fun!	
Apr 26 2008 	You DON"T get what you pay for	You don't get what you pay for. This is a very very expnsive hotel for the ammenities you get. I spent $13.00 for a one page facsimile in their business center!I spent $50 bucks a night to park my car in the hotel.I spent $24 bucks for a drink in their bar.If money is not an object, it's a beautiful hotel. It's conveniently located. Service is not bad but not 4 star that's for sure. The rooms are not bad but a bit on the small side. The food is decent. Their brunch is good and of course...very expensive.There are better places for the money that I will stay at next time unless there is some special pricing going on here.	
Apr 22 2008 	A very pleasant surprise!!	Others had mentioned that the Mark Hopkins treats their Priceline customers as &quot;not their customers&quot;, and gives them smoking rooms at street level only. This was not our experience at all. I had seen the reviews, and went in armed with the knowledge that though I did purchase the reservation from Priceline, I am still their customer. The hotel choses to offer their rooms on Priceline, so saying that Priceline customers are not their customers is completely false. I was ready for a fight... my husband has a respiratory condition, and staying in a smoking room would have made both of us VERY miserable. I walked up to the front desk, and the nice gentleman greeted me. I said I was checking in... he pulled my info up, and asked right away if I wanted a smoking or non-smoking room, king or two queens room. Then he offered to put us in a corner room with a view... AND then he offered to put us in a suite if we didn't mind a smoking room. I said No Thank You to that, but took the corner room on the third floor. We had an amazing view downhill towards Union Square. He never mentioned once that we were only Priceline customers... it was all handled very professionally, like I was a high roller in there. I was very surprised, and pleased.And, you ABSOLUTELY MUST have brunch or cocktails at The Top of the Mark... there is not a better view of the entire city than from up there. I do hope Priceline gives us this hotel again!!!	
Apr 16 2008	Stylish extremely comfortable	My Dad partied at The Top of the Mark on his way to the Pacific Theatre in WWII. Later he took my Mom there for weekends away. We even went there as a family when the focus of the trip was Playland, Fisherman's Wharf and King Norman's. My wife's Mom and Dad had business dinners with clients there when they were building their business and she had Sunday brunch there often.Naturally, we were both prepared to hate the place when we couldn't get a room at our favorite SF hotel. But then we discovered room 1025 a junior suite. The room is really two rooms, a spacious living room with enough space for a dining table. The decor, furniture and art are elegant and understated and very comfortable. The view is of the San Francisco where we played as kids, partied as young adults and now return to with great affection. We can stay just about anywhere; this place has a terrific feel. We're addicted.An arduous career meant that I did a lot of business travel. An adventurous streak meant that my wife and I and our children traveled quite a bit. We're good travelers and willing to put up with a lot, but we also know good service, gracious service and exemplary service. I'd say that the Mark Hopkins has delivered from either of the latter two categories on each of our recent visits. It's what you expect at the price point but, I think, delivered with a little extra elan.	
Apr 15 2008 	I.C.M.H. is GREAT!	I really like the InterContinental Mark Hopkins. It's nice, clean, quiet. Much as I'd expect by a four star San Francisco hotel: which indeed it is. The rooms are small, but guess what.... it's San Francisco, what hotel room isn't small? But the lack of space was more then enough made up by the COMFORTABLE BED! The bedding is truly heavenly: two thumbs up! And yes dear readers... I am well traveled and have spent many a night in four and five star hotels.I will recommend this hotel to all who want a fantastic location in San Francisco: central, walking distance to everything, safe neighborhood. And, the gym is good (used it everyday)!Thank you I.C.M.H. for a great stay and for letting me check in six hours early when in bad weather. :)	
Apr 13 2008 	Stay away - this once classy hotel has gone completely downhill	My husband and I stayed for two nights this time and cut our stay short because we were so disgusted with the shoddy treatment we'd gotten. To add insult to injury, they charged a early departure penalty of $50. We've stayed here at least a dozen times in the past for business and pleasure while visiting family and friends in SF, but we couldn't wait to get out of there and will never stay again. The last straw was the programmed wake-up call at 4:30AM (!!) that we did not request. The wake-up call had the feel of “spit in soup” because we knew immediately that it was set by “Christina” at the front desk, who had refused to get us a FEDEX box for shipping materials home the night before. Rather than following up, she had us call several times, kept us waiting for almost an hour, and even evaded calls. Ultimately when she refused to get us a box from the business center, we expressed our dissatisfaction. The wake-up call was no coincidence. An incorrect wake-up call is very rare if hotel staff is well-trained. The reason is that 2 guests will be very upset if the wake-up call is wrong--the one who could miss his/her flight and the one who didn’t want to be wakened.In general, if you're looking for service of any kind, you can forget it. You'll be lucky if anyone picks up the phone when you call. On the first night, we tried calling the receptionist, concierge, housekeeping, bellmen, and the operator (letting the phone ring easily 10 times or more each try) before my husband had to go downstairs to find someone to help us out--we needed towels and a luggage rack. (We'd hate to think of how this plays out if there's a real emergency.) An hour later, we got them. As a result, when we arrived upstairs at the famous Top of The Mark bar and restaurant to get a bite to eat, the kitchen had closed 15 minutes earlier.Other annoyances—we heard lots of noise from the room next to us and from in the halls, the toilets don't flush properly, the coffee machine takes 45 minutes to brew, no bellman at the door in the morning when we wanted to catch a taxi, and an outrageous $51 to park a car and $13 for the internet.While the hotel has been renovated in recent years, without good service, the hotel has lost it's classiness. We will not stay here again, and we're telling our friends, family, and colleagues to stay away. The Mark Hopkins staff's poor treatment of guests is inexcusable.	
Apr 2 2008 	very nice but not many options	it's a lovely property and everything looks great, the lobby isn't very big. when you walk in you're greeted with the same service as any other place like a hyatt or a westin nothing special. The rooms are average size and pleasantly decorated- everything in a standard room is first rate including the marble bathroom and the minibar: it's not that there's much WRONG with the mark hopkins it's just that for almost 400 per night, you would expect more dining options and services. there is ONE restaurant for all meals, and One (albeit lovely at night) bar on &quot;top of the mark&quot;. the bar is kindof a snobby scene but pleasant and glamorous- if you're used to spending 15 dollars for a well martini which i know some people are. and the hotel itself is located in cathedral square: the TOP of nob hill walking to and from the square and downtown is a bit of a trek- hell even in a cab on the way up it feels steep. It's nice, nothing egregiously wrong with the place very classy, but not quite worth it. they do have 24 hr room service though which can be fortunate for some travelers unlike most hotels where it ends at midnight.	
Mar 29 2008 	I used to believe in second chances....	This was my second visit to the Mark Hopkins. I stayed here last year with my partner and never imagined I would experience the same problems all over again!Last year I booked directly with Intercontinental and was assigned a substandard room when I clearly booked and paid a lot of money for a high level room with a Financial District view. After much huffing &amp; puffing on my part I was eventually assigned the room that I had paid for. I had hoped this was an oversight last year, but I was annoyed to return a year later to encounter the same experience leads me to believe this hotel has some staff in needs of some serious training issues in guest relations and hotel hospitality!As I was arriving late (11pm), I had emailed the hotel directly 2 weeks in advance to confirm my reservation and to ensure that the hotel knew I would be arriving late. My email was answered by Guest Relations and I was welcomed back to the hotel as a returning client. On arrival, check-in was less than welcoming and I was not welcomed as a Platinum level Priority Club account holder. I was also, rather rudely, informed that the hotel was full – why should this concern me? Despite requesting a high floor and having booked and paid for a &quot;superior room&quot; via Venere.com at $350 a night without tax, I was allocated a room on the 4th floor facing the street. This was not the best start to a holiday after a 20 hour journey. The 5th floor room also had dirty towels lying on the bed. I returned to reception to complain and was told that I would need to speak to a manager. I questioned whether the room allocated was indeed a superior room which was confirmed as such although having stayed in the hotel before I find that hard to believe. I commented on the dirty towels on the bed and stated that the room was unacceptable and did not match my booking. The only response from the on duty manager was a smirk and an “Oops” in regard to the dirty towels. He also told me that the hotel was full. Was this supposed to excuse the fact that I was allocated a room that was unsatisfactory? I never received any apology. Eventually I was allocated a smoking room on the 9th floor – my booking and my Priority Club profile clearly states a non-smoking preference. Reluctantly, I accepted this for one night as I was very tired from travelling and it was now almost midnight local time. On the second night I was moved to a non-smoking room on the 11th floor with the proper view, at my request. Overall, I was very disappointed with the service that I received at the hotel and was given the general feeling that the staff were doing me a favour by accommodating me for something that I had already paid for! My subsequent stay at the new Intercontinental San Francisco was a completely different, and better, experience and I will never again return to stay at the Mark Hopkins.	
Mar 24 2008 	Beware Online Bookers	Don't book your stay via any online site as the Inter Continental Mark Hopkins San Francisco will not treat you as their customer. The staff said &quot;you are not our customer and if you don't like it complane to Priceline&quot;. Priceline of course says that they do not help their customers, that you need to deal with the hotel. I not only will never stay there again, will never use priceline again, but I intend to make sure everyone I meet knows how poorly these two companies treat the people who do business with them.	
Mar 24 2008 	Excellent hotel at the top of the hill	I got a room here on a Priceline bid. I would not have paid the full price on my own, but this turned out to be a great place to stay for less money than I would have paid for a lesser hotel. Gotta love Priceline. The hotel is centrally located and a quick walk to Union Square and tons of restaurants. It’s a classy place catering to people with money and nicer and more intimate than the Fairmout across the street. As a business traveler, I found the connection to the Internet to be quite expensive and never found an Internet café closeby. Tried to do all my emails in 10 minutes for $10. Sheesh. The room was big enough. Not huge, but just right for one person. The beds were great with terrific linens. The bathrooms were clad with marble. They put me on the 7th floor at the back of the hotel, away from the street noise, so it was quiet. The room looked over the bay and the Transamerica tower so it wasn’t like I was looking at wall of another building as you are at the top of Nob Hill. I walked down to Sears Fine Foods for breakfast each day. Walking back up the steep hill worked off those delicious pancakes and French toast, though I could have taken a cable car to within a block of the hotel. I really liked that the clock radio had a CD player built in as I always bring music along. I would definitely stay there again if the price was right.The hill is steep, so if you can’t walk much, you might try something close in but downtown. Walking up and down that hill is serious exercise.	
Mar 23 2008 	Really Nice Nob Hill Hotel!	We got this hotel for a steal on Priceline. We could not have been happier and it is a TRUE 4 star hotel. It is true that internet is not included, and that is annoying. But overall, this hotel is certainly top of the line in most other ways. I would 100% stay here again. It was in a great location to catch public transportation and it was also a good jumping point for exploring the city.	
Mar 15 2008 	Good for business travel	I stayed at this hotel for two nights during a recent business trip. My colleague and I were attending a seminar being held at the Fairmont SF on Nob Hill. The Mark Hopkins is directly across the street from the Fairmont but rooms were available for about $60/night less. The Mark Hopkins is a classically decorated, stately hotel. For the most part, it is in very good repair with the exception of the windows which were rather loose in the casings and did not provide good sound insulation from the street down below. Good touches include wireless in the rooms, available for a fee, a well-stocked mini-bar (somewhat better than usual), and 24-hr room service. One thing I really have to mention because it's a personal pet peeve of mine is the in room coffee. This hotel has a dedicated station with one of the best stocked supplies of sugar (including sugar in the raw), dry creamers, coffee and tea. I always run out of creamer at other hotels and really dislike when the coffee pot is in the bathroom. This was a nice touch. Ironically, our colleagues who were staying at the pricier Fairmont reported that they had no coffee in their rooms at all. Service is very good at the hotel. The door staff in particular were very good, including providing access to the town car for local restaurant trips on a couple of occasions. Desk staff were good and accommodated our need to check out later in the day owing to the illness of my colleague. Downsides are that this is an older hotel with sash windows that lack screens and do not lock. I would not stay there with small children. More importantly, the street is very noisy. I was staying on one of the lower floors (around 4) and was bothered by the street noise. It is worthwhile to pay a little extra for an upgraded business room on a higher floor. My business associate was around the 10th floor and was not bothered by the street noise. Her room was about $20 more per night. I would stay here again for business in this part of town (on a higher floor) but not for personal travel.	
Mar 14 2008 	We got engaged in San Francisco!	Well where do I start? This was the first time my fiance and I had been to San Francisco and it didn't dissapoint! It is such an amazing city with so much to do and the Mark Hopkins only contributed to the good times we had!We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for 6 days and our stay there was a pleasant one. All staff were very helpful and our rooms were always cleaned to a high standard. My now finace proposed to me on the Golden Gate Bridge and we celebrated our engagement at the Top of the Mark (hotel restaurent on the top floor). The food was lovely and it was a very romantic setting due to the spectacular views across the city and the dance floor in the middle of the restaurant where couples slow danced!I thought it would also be useful to review a few things we did and places we ate so here goes:- Fior d'Italia: Claiming to be the oldest Italian restaurant in USA, this was a great restaurant to get hearty Italian dishes for a very reasonable price. - Aqua: A two star michelin restaurant. Of course very pricey but well worth it! The waiters are very firendly and it didn't feel prententious at all!- Sear's Finest Foods - You MUST go here for brekkie! Typical US breakfast, huge portions and unlimited coffee!- Hiring bikes at Blazin' Saddles: We hired bikes here, rode them, over the Golden Gate Bridge and stopped for lunch in Sausilito. By far our best day because we got engaed but also the breath-taking views from the bridge! You can ferry back to pier 41 from Sausilito.- Chinatown Alleyway Tours: We really recommend going on a tour around Chinatown and Alleyway Tours are a great group of people to take you around! Your tour guides are high school kids who either live in China Town or are very interested in its history and up keep. The tour is very cheap and all money goes towards the development of the area and keeping the streets clean. You will certainly learn things that no guide book can provide! - Ferry Building: An undercover market with lots of gourmet food shops. We went to a lovely diner called Taylors Automatic Refresher - best milkshakes ever!!Frascati: One of the best restaurants we went to while in SF. Simple food cooked very well. Their peanut butter and chocolate ice cream was to die for!Golden Gate Park: Take a whole day out just to look round this park. Beautiful botanical gardens and Japanese Tea gardens. If you make it to the other end of the park go to the Beach Chalet for drinks/food. It has stunning views of the Pacific Ocean. We can't wait for the next time we're back in San Fran! Hope you have as much fun as we had!	
Mar 8 2008	Good overall great service BUT nickel'd dime	The hotel is centrally located- all of the major attractions of San Francisco are easily accessible from the hotel by car, public transportation, walking, or taxi, e.g. Fisherman's Wharf, etc. The top of the hotel also has a great view of the city- it s on top of the hill and is the highest building in the area. Just as a fyi, it is a steep hill so be prepared but then so is most of San Francisco. The service is also excellent- from the bellhops to room service to the Top of the Mark. BUT be prepared to pay for that service. The parking is reasonably priced relative to the area- there is cheaper parking just around the block so you can save money that way but lose the valet service- your call. While all (or most) hotels have a room service fee, the Mark Hopkins adds an additional 15% gratuity to your room service automatically- no discretion. Maybe they like to ensure their room service gets their fair due but it is a bit much to force you to pay what is considered discretionary. If the rationale is that guests might not know what to tip and this is a way to help with that, a better way that is less presumptuous would be to do what many other establishments do- put on the bill the suggested tip by percent (e.g. 15%, 18%, 20%)- that way if you are unsure of what to tip, you can see what is suggested and decide for yourself as opposed to being forced to tip- it'd be like when you are at a restaurant for 2 and the bill comes with the tip included- it's a bit presumptuous of the waiter to tell you how good their service is. While other parts of the world may include gratuity in the bill, that is not so here in the US barring a large party or something similar.The biggest complaint though is that they make you pay for internet service...per computer. Yes, they make you pay for internet service- that is being nickel'd dimed. It is not complimentary and instead of a per room access charge, it is a per computer access charge. So if you have 2 laptops, you pay per laptop. For a 4 star hotel, this is simply unacceptable- when motels give you free internet access, you know there is something wrong when you have to pay for basic service here. It is not as if the internet access is secured wireless, it is simply wireless (and ethernet) that you have to pay. While the charge itself is not much, it is too much to pay for something so basic now-a-days, especially for a 4 star hotel. Just for comparison, as someone else mentioned, the Fairmont across the street provides free wireless. Hell, the coffee shop across the street offers free internet. This left an unpleasant taste in my mouth- if it wasn't for this, my rating would have been at least 1 star more. It's one of those little things that just annoys...Other than those things, the overall experience was great- the view and service was very good. And if you book through hotwire they do provide you with the option to upgrade (to an higher floor) for a small fee (it would still be less expensive than if you paid full price so it would still be a fair deal).	
Feb 26 2008 	Check your bill	Stayed here on business two nights. First night was fine. Room is small but cushy, nice view, hyper-priced internet connection. Hotel bar upstairs also has beautiful view, high prices, lousy service. Second night checked out at 4am to catch plane back to Chicago. Printer wasn't working, so they promised to e-mail me a bill. 3 weeks later, still no bill. I had to fax a request! Got my bill: they had added over $200 to the second night's price. After 6 more weeks of calling, I finally got it reversed. If you are rich and don't know any better, this hotel is fine. If you care about service try someplace else.	
Feb 19 2008 	If you like walking uphill :)	We got this hotel from priceline for a very reasonable price so it wasn't our choice, but it turned to be avery nice base for city excursions. The hotel itself is maintained in an early 20 century style, the rooms are large (I mean comparing to European standards all romms in US are huge ;)) ) and well furnished, the views are spectacular as the hotel is on one of the highest spots in town. Cable car stops just outside front door on the other hand most of the cities attractions are in walking distance, although walkin up and down the hill may be painful. Breakfast is expensive (over $30 per person) but very good, you can find healthy food besides bacon, beans and sausages ;)	
Feb 12 2008 	love the mark hopkins!!	i just returned a few days ago from a 5 day stay at the mark hopkins. this is such a nice hotel, one of the finest i have stayed in. the bed was perfect, high quality linens, down mattress, down pillows, very comfortable for a great nights sleep. i was very sick with a cold, the front desk was very helpful in finding anything i needed. the food at the top of the mark, a must go to place on the top floor with a fantastic veiw of san francisco, food was very good, breakfast was expensive, but perfect. early morning sun on the water and sky line was worth the $63!!the colors throughout were calm and elegant. the service was truly what you expect in a hotel of this price range. this was my first trip to san francisco, as much as i have traveled, i can not beleive i overlooked this gem of a city. cable car (california line) runs in front of the hotel. go to china town, eat at the great eastern on jackson, best mongolian beef ever!i could taste it with a bad cold. go the extra expense, stay at the mark hopkins. i will again.	
Jan 17 2008 	We loved it; will stay again	My husband and I just stayed at the Mark Hopkins for 5 nights. Having booked via Hotwire and read many complaints from other Hotwire/Priceline guests here, I was braced for possible negative treatment and attitude. However, we experienced nothing negative and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Mark Hopkins. We'll be happy to return.All the staff we encountered were pleasant, friendly, courteous and ready to help (with one minor exception that's not worth detailing here). We felt that most everyone, from the bellhops to the housekeeping staff, demonstrated good training and a friendly service attitude.We had booked a standard room but, since we were staying 5 nights, we were pleased that we were given a corner room that was a little larger than a typical standard and had lovely city views on two sides. It was well-appointed and quite comfortable for our stay, and we had no problems with noise. The Nob Hill location is splendid, making for easy walks to Chinatown, North Beach, Union Square and other areas of interest. Walking the hills is fun -- just wear good walking shoes and take a cab when hauling luggage. We had a great time and would be happy to stay at the Mark Hopkins again.	
Jan 13 2008 	5 Star service without the Attitude!~	We are a family of 5 with 3 small children, usually 5 star hotels or small boutique hotel dont always let us feel welcome......We booked this hotel after I saw it on travel channel, the room is good size , clean, bed is comfy, but since the hotel is older , I think the AC just blew on one side of the room, We love the size of our bathroom, but they can improved of the toiletries. Aside from that, we love this place, they have the 5 star concierge without the 5 star attitude !! We asked information on shuttle to the fishermen's wharf but didnt make reservation, when we arrived at lobby, we decided to change our plan and take the hotel shuttle, the conciege greeted me with my name and said he had a limo reserved for me, keep in mind I NEVER made the reservation! The Limo came though the front in less than 5 minute, again the chauffer greeted us with OUR NAME again, introduce himself and gave us a bit of the history of the place we were going. If you are just looking for a luxury hotel, there is plenty in SF with the price tag, but Mark Hopkins tops my chart for customer service, their well train friendly staff made us felt like home.	
Jan 1 2008 	Still one of the best places in SF	I wanted to take my wife somewhere special for our 20th anniversary, and knew we couldn't go wrong in San Francisco. Did a ton of research online looking for a great hotel. We'd been disappointed at other &quot;deluxe&quot; hotels in the past and were a little cautious, but the Mark Hopkins was everything we'd hoped! Booked a package on Travelocity with R/T air from Honolulu and 6 nights in a deluxe king for $2,100. Everything about the hotel was perfect! Great location near Chinatown, perched on Nob Hill where 2 cable car lines intersect. Staff was extremely attentive, and the room was beautiful. We had incredible views out our window of the city with partial views of Alcatraz and Golden Gate. The bed was very comfortable and the marble bathroom was great. Guests enjoy free entry to the &quot;Top of the Mark&quot;, the world-famous 19th floor penthouse bar, with 360 degree views, live jazz and a 100 martini menu. We bought passes that were good on all cable cars, busses and street cars, and had no use for a car in the city. (Traffic is heavy and parking is very expensive.) The original Fairmont across the street was even more opulent, but much more expensive. But be sure to go there at least to visit the famous &quot;Tonga Room&quot;.	
Dec 22 2007 	Cardiovascular Challenge	I stayed here in October 2007 and booked a room through Priceline. I have to say I really don't have much to add that hasn't already been said. Pros: Great View, Elegant Setting, Good Location if you want ot be near Chinatown and Union Square. Cons: Rooms are nice but not quite up to 4 star standards, they nickel and dime you for everything (but just like every other SF hotel), and be prepared to walk. Since you're at the very top of a hill, you will be walking straight uphill if you're coming from just about any tourist destination. I am a 40 year old with above average fitness who runs 5K 3X a week. I made the stupid mistake of deciding to take the BART in from SFO and then walking to the hotel. With a suitcase in tow and a laptop on my back, I made it but definitely gave my heart a good stress test!	
Dec 20 2007 	beautiful hotel but not even close to the hype	this is the least expensive hotel we stayed at on our honeymoon in sonoma, monterey and san francisco. however, the staff and especially the front desk people acted like that place was 5+ stars and acted like it was OUR pleasure to stay there and they were just there to appease us. i felt like we were being looked down the nose at on several occasions. room was nice, great view and very clean and up to date. bed was big and fluffy. the only amenity we found was the two squares of ghirardeli chocolate placed on the pillows in the evening. if you want to be around beautiful people and a 24/7 blur of busy-ness and activity then here it is.	
Dec 16 2007 	NIce place so-so service	Decent rate ($159) Hotel is beautiful. Rooms are nice, clean and comfortable. Parking at $50 is really insane, and had to wait 20min for them to even get our car out of the garage!Service- poor in every restaurant and every staff member we spoke with. My guess is they are very underpaid? for example- staring at you waiting to finish your meal so they could clean up at closing time on the dot. Never asking to refill coffee, no water- and then got annoyed if you asked (this covers the 3 we ate at)Still the good far outweighs the bad, it's an elegant comfortable hotel, the rooms even at lower levels are great and have good views.	
Dec 9 2007	Classic Hotel with Modern Amenities	Upscale lobby, restaurant, great food, service, classy hotel. Only worth it if you can get a deal. The top restaurant (top floor) is outstanding and has a great dance scene where the locals apparently dine out and dance. Very upscale, dinner dress/suit type of deal. Nice staff, elegant, marble lobby, old world charm in a modern hotel. The celebrities stay here, like Connery and others, and for no wonder. Highly recommend this place to anyone staying in SF for business or pleasure. Very expensive overall, but very exclusive, private, quiet, and accomodating staff above all. Well-run place, we loved the place.	
Dec 6 2007 	Never Again	The pluses were a great view from my 17th fl. room, including a huge window in the bathroom, great bellhop, very clean room, great location and nice toiletries. Negatives are many. Called the concierge, got an answering machine. After 4 days when I checked out, there had been no call back. Room was sterile/grim. Not enough light to read in sitting room. Too much junk on surfaces, so had to work around a Bose radio, permanently attached to bedside table, to find a spot for my glasses and a book. Not enough space to unpack our clothes. Breakfast and lunch were ONLY available at a buffet. The only way to get any information was to call the hotel operator. No one else answered a phone. Surly doorman. Power assisted toilet (on the other side of the wall from the bed) sounded like a jet plane, even when the bathroom door was closed. Expensive internet connection. Would have immediately checked out but there was an early check out fee! Had breakfast and used the spa at the Fairmount Hotel across the street. Top of the Mark bar is rather sad.	
Dec 4 2007 	Pleasant but not Amazing	I reserved a room at the Mark Hopkins using the Priceline website and got a great deal on a room. After reading some of the reviews from other readers, I figured that we wouldn't be given the nicest of rooms, and I was fairly on target with that. We were assigned to a room on the third floor with a view of the rooftop venting duct system. To be fair, if you stood to the left of the window and looked diagonally to the right, you could see downtown and a glimpse of the water - but it was a stretch.The room was nice, other than the view. The bed was very comfortable, the temperature controls were good, and the room seemed to be in good shape (a little wallpaper peeling in the bathroom, but not much). The room came with a mini-bar, private safe, large closet, and two comfy robes. The bathroom wasn't that well equipped - just one thin glass shelf to put your personal items on and no other counter space to speak of. Also, they supply you with just two bath towels - you have to call housekeeping if you need more. Check-in went smoothly, although it was kind of funny because the receptionist mentioned the fact that we had booked on Priceline just before she assigned our room. We figured there was a connection! :) The concierge services were very helpful, and the staff in general in and around the front desk seemed to always be willing to provide a recommendation. Extra services - WiFi costs $12/day. There's no included continental breakfast. You can get the NY Times, but if you opt out you get a 50 cent discount per weekday on your room. We tried to get into the exercise room and the business center, but our room keys wouldn't open the door, and we figured it was too much of a hassle to worry about it. There's an Intercontinental Club Lounge that looked like it added some nice services, but if you want to use it you need to have special membership status or be willing to fork out $60 per day. Top of the Mark - First off, if you're staying in the hotel and want to go to the Top of the Mark during their peak hours, just take the elevator to the lobby and then go back up. The elevators that go up to the restaurant pretty much don't stop on the other floors - they go straight from the lobby to the top. Second, they are busy at the Top of the Mark. When we went, there was a huge crowd in the lobby waiting for tables. The hostess was predicting very long wait times (we were told 25 to 35 minutes for a table in the bar) and lots of people were leaving. We actually got a table in the restaurant after waiting less than ten minutes, so it seems they lost some business that night just by over-estimating the wait. Also, we asked the hostess if we could get a phone call when a table was available as we were staying in the hotel, but she refused. That didn't seem like terribly great service for a nice hotel.We had drinks at the Top of the Mark and they were nice. The waitstaff was also nice. Location - the location is great. There is a very large hill to deal with (Powell), but it's very close to Union Square, walking distance to China Town and a short cable car ride to Fisherman's Wharf.Summary: We really had a pretty nice stay here, but the extra costs they ding the guests with really add up and start making me question why I would choose to spend full price on a room there. Instead, I could pay the same price for a much more inclusive boutique hotel. It was definitely worth it for the Priceline price - no doubt. If I had paid full price, I likely would have been very disappointed.	
Nov 30 2007 	Overcharged even though I booked through their website!!!	My husband and I got engaged at the Mark Hopkins three years ago. Because we had fond memories of it, we decided to stay there for Thanksgiving weekend. I booked the reservation through their website for $159 per night and when we first checked in the guy at the front desk made me sign a paper that showed a rate of $220 per night. He assured me that it would be fixed before my credit card was charged. And surprise, surprise, when I checked my credit card statement it showed the $220 per night charge! (Not to mention the $50 per night parking charge)After arguing on the phone and via email with the accountant and manager he finally realized that I was right and credited my card the difference. Also, they don't have a proper restaurant in the hotel. The &quot;Top of The Mark&quot; has a great view, but it's not really a restaurant. Also, the service is horrendous! I've never seen so many unhappy people serving martinis. Next time we'll stay elsewhere!	
Nov 30 2007 	Affordable elegance!	My room was comfortable and tastefully decorated. The beds were incredibly comfortable and my view was spectacular. The convenient location to restaurants, Union Square and cable car stops makes the Mark Hopkins a wonderful choice for the leisure and business traveler.The Top of the Mark bar had a wonderful drink selection although some were a little to sweet for my tastes.Staff, including housekeeping, was always so polite and helpful with everything from restaurant to shopping suggestions.I will definitely return to the Mark Hopkins when my travels take me back to SF.	
Nov 27 2007 	Great food and service	Not a cheap but what a great hotel!!! The staff and service they provided were second to none. They were cheerful, polite and willing to help. Thanks to the concierge for locating my lost spectacles in a down town store even after we had left for another venue.Our intial room was not satisfactory due to it overlooking a road intersection on which there is a cable car stop, but this was promptly and pleasantly dealt with. We were offered an alternative immediately. Thanks Suzanne you were a star.The rooms are a good size clean and very, very comfortable, with complimentary coffee and tea making facilities.We used both the in hotel dining and room service. Hope you are not on a diet!!!!!! The meal from room service arrived on time and was nicely presented. The champagne Sunday brunch is a must, all you can eat and drink for $26 per person. Would definately stay again and recommend to friends	
Nov 20 2007	Beautiful Hotel with Elegance and History	The experience was smooth and professional from start to finish. The person who booked my room over the phone was eloquent, professional and helpful. when I arrived, the doormen, bellmen, front desk staff, wait staff, and everyone else were all very professional and inviting. The room was clean, neat and well-stocked. Though it was an older building, there was no musty or dusty smell. I had a drink at the legendary Top of the Mark and enjoyed every sip. I love older hotels with charm, so this was a perfect stay for me.	
Nov 20 2007 	Stay across the street at The Fairmont	Not as nice as The Fairmont. Also, the guy at the front desk (when we checked out) argued with us when we told him we had not used their parking facilitiy (sooooo expensive) and to take the charge off our bill. He told us he would have to check the surveillance tape and could not trust us! We left, feeling mad -- not the way to exit a vacation in San Francisco! Also, the walls are paper-thin -- we could hear the couple next door having LOUD relations at 3 am in the morning. Embarrassing, because we had our kid with us!	
Nov 17 2007 	OK Bargain but not a 4 Star Hotel	I used an online discount site (Priceline) and after submitting my request for a 4 Star Room etc I was assigned the Mark Hopkins. Only stayed one night as was in town for office party. Check in was simple (once you were able to get their attention). Since I booked through a discount site, had to call ahead and request double bed smoking room (not guaranteed) and that's the room I got. Sadly, I saw no difference between this room or one at a Hyatt. Actually, looked exactly like a Hyatt room. Was small and basic and a disappointment. Not that the room was awful, but should not be advertised as a 4 Star at all. Would not recommend if your looking for a 4 star room to spoil yourself or do something different, or are accustomed to 4 star lodging. Room service was good, food was delicious but also pricey. Two cheeseburgers with fries= 55.00. Went to the Top of The Mark (hotel rest and bar) for a nightcap but they were shutting down and it wasn't even midnight! Neighborhood is nice, but beware and either take the bus (1 California) or take a cab, because the hills are steep....very steep. Think mountain.	
Nov 16 2007 	Nice stay	This hotel is located about 2 blocks from China town and a short walk from Union Square. The cable cars are also about a block away. The rooms were spacious and clean and had good amentities. The staff was not what I expected for this class of hotel. I think the bellman should have been managing the front desk. He had the best pesonality and was most helpful. I would stay here again. The only negative was that the cost did not match the service.	
Nov 9 2007	not a 4 star	my wife and I stayed for 5 days.First nite on 3rd floor with view of everyones roof.Asked for a room change, got a room on 7th floor with good view for balance of stay.Staff was unfriendly at best and only the ones depending on tips seemed to care.Every service cost additional .Parking $45/nite wi-fi in room 12/nite.Would cost $16 in business center to checkin for flight and print boarding passes.Room was small with no storage, bathroom tiny.Had to leave bathroom door closed to access sink area.If I hadn't got the priceline discount,I would have been extremely upset with the rack rate.	
Nov 7 2007	So glad I did NOT stay here	I just had a horrible customer service experience and did not even stay at this hotel! I was planning to fly up to SF to get engaged this weekend. I booked the hotel earlier in the week. I got a suite and was ready to go. Yesterday a tragic personal event occurred, and I was no longer able to go. I called the reservation desk to cancel, assuming that this would be fine since it is 4 DAYS AWAY. As soon as I tried to cancel, I was put on hold for 5-7 minutes. When she got back on, she told me that with suites you cannot cancel within 30 DAYS! I was LIVID. I told her that first of all NOBODY even mentioned this, and secondly, what other hotel on this planet has this crazy policy? The longest I have EVER heard of is 48 hours, and the other 97% of hotels are 24 hours. She put me on hold for another 5 MINUTES. When she finally came back on the phone she said that they were able to cancel. I am still absolutely furious and I will NEVER stay at this has-been hotel because of this experience.	
Nov 4 2007 	Great hotel in great city	We stayed at this lovely hotel in November last year after a wonderful 34 day cruise. I am a member of the Ambassador Club of Intercontinental so we were immediately given an upgrade to a front room when we arrived at the hotel at midnight after a long flight from Tampa. We had booked a package which included breakfast.The room was very large and comfortable with great views. We were able to see the Golden Gate Bridge as well as Fisherman's Wharf, San Quentin and further afield.The Breakfast room on the top floor had the most incredible view which we enjoyed each morning and it also served a good buffet.The cable car was right outside the door and Union Square was only a couple of blocks away. We found it to be in an ideal position for a first time visit.If we ever return to San Francisco, we would definitely return to the Mark Hopkins.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great Time at the MARK	Had a great two days at the Mark Hopkins and found cheaper parking down the street at the Masonic auditorium ($30 per 24 hours) and also at Grace Catherdral ($27 per 24 hours). Asked for flatter pillows after the first night and were given these quickly from house keeping - great service!!! Wireless internet was 12.95 per 24 hours. Did not take the service. Had morning buffet breakfast at the Top of the Mark. It was outstanding.Beautiful views form the top of the mark; get a seat over by the bar - a window seat if you can handle the heights!!! Well worth the few breaths you will lose as you sit there taking in the City.	
Oct 30 2007 	Very Good Hotel with Great Views of San Fran	Positives: A gorgeous hotel with great customer service.My room had a super comfortable queen bed, a nice bathroom with marble sink and lighted shave mirror, and a pretty good view of the city. I was on the 7th floor.Free high speed internet access. Free gym access. At the very top of the hotel, there is a popular bar restaurant called the Top of the Mark. It features live music several nights a week and offers great views of the city.Negatives: The room was a bit cramped which is why I rated the hotel four instead of five stars. There were only about three feet between the foot of my queen bed and the tv. The front desk offered to switch me to a bigger room with a king bed, but that larger room was on the 2nd floor and did not have as nice of a view as my 7th floor room.I would stay here again and I would recommend this hotel.Be aware that this hotel is at the top of the very steep Nob Hill which means that walking back to the hotel will be a real workout.	
Oct 29 2007 	Not worth the price!	Stayed at the Mark Hopkins for one night. Upon check-in the staff was rude and unwilling to accomodate our request for a room with two beds. We then had to request a roll-a-way bed twice before it was delivered (which they tried to charge $30 for). With torn window coverings, torn wallpaper, missing light bulbs, and windows that let in a draft, the room was more two star than four. This is the only hotel during our week long San Francisco vacation that I would not recommend.	
Oct 24 2007 	Fine hotel but for the $$$ we expected more	We booked our final nite in San Fran at the Mark Hopkins because we wanted it to be a buffer for end-of-vacation blues. Having researched online (frommers/trip advisor) we picked MH for its views and luxury as well as top of the hill location. We booked a KING room with VIEW (so not the lowest price offering). Upon check in we were informed we'd been given an upgrade to a suite (we figured it was from the Amex Platinum card automatic upgrade feature). So we go to our &quot;suite&quot; which in on the 16th floor (19th floor is where Top of the mark is). Our &quot;suite&quot; is this odd shaped room with the bathroom inbetween the bedroom and some weird little glass room that overlooks the roofs mechanical systems and has patio furniture in it (table and 4 chairs). The bathroom is only private if you close the bedroom door and the extra room's door. There were 2 double beds in the room. We booked a King and this upgrade was no upgrade. So we called down and asked to be moved and got a king room on the 14th floor (view looking out toward the bay but mainly saw the Hotel Huntington and that area). We were right in front of the elevator area but we just decided to stay there.The room was pretty small but the king bed was very comfortable, good linens and pillows. Nice bathrobes provided. Turndown service was two ghiradelli squares, no water. Overall the room was nice but not &quot;wow&quot;. At nite we went up to Top of the Mark for cocktails (we weren't up for the prix fixe menu at 7:30pm). We got there about 7:45pm and had to wait 15 mins to get a table for a drink. We had called the concierge and asked if they could make us a reservation at the Tonga Room over at the Fairmont. The concierge never called us back so after waiting around we called them again and they had not called the restaurant...more waiting for confirmation (we should have just called ourselves but since it was only 2 hours before we wanted to dine over there we thought having the MH call would help land a table). Tonga Room, BTW, is campy and fun.Overall we preferred our stay at the Harbour Court Hotel which is where we did the first half of our vacation and loved that hotel and paid 50% less for the room there. MH feels a little too &quot;corporate&quot; and if we want to do grand/opulent/luxury we will try the Fairmont or Mandarin next time.	
Oct 21 2007 	NIce hotel but steep price and steep hill	This hotel is reputed in San Franciso to be the #1. For one, the location, right at the top of Nob Hill, is beautiful. However that is also the biggest drawback... The walk back to the hotel is very steep, long and tiring! Unless you drive...Rooms are big, beautiful, clean... nothing unexpected of the Mark Hopkins.The decor, lobby, etc is grand. Staff is quite helpful. Rooms are pricey though.When at the Mark Hopkins, be sure to check out their famous &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; restaurant. Great ambience, wonderful view, exquisite dining experience.To be honest, I wouldn't stay there again, if only because of the walk up the hill. There are cheaper alternatives, such as the Hotel Mayflower two streets down, at a third of the cost. And you would be able to walk up two streets along the hill to the Top of the Mark, of course!	
Oct 17 2007 	excellent hotel	I was in town for a medical convention and stayed at the Mark Hopkins for three nights. I was impressed by the overall elegance of this property. This hotel has all the things I would expect in a first class hotel. There are nice bathrobes in the closet without having to ask housekeeping for them. When my room was made up for the first time, I came back to find that my toiletries had been neatly arranged on a towel on the shelf - this was excellent service. The location was great - plenty of great views. My convention had a shuttle service to the Moscone center, but the cab rides I took back after hours were reasonable ($8 including tip). I did walk from the Hilton back up to the hotel and it was a lot harder than I had estimated.The front desk staff was helpful. No problem checking bags on the last day after I had checked out but still had the conference to attend.	
Oct 16 2007	Very Nice Hotel	This is a very nice hotel &amp; we definitely enjoyed our stay. The room was lovely &amp; had a partial view of the bay through other buildings. Nice touches throughout!I noticed several other reviews stating what a hill this hotel is on. I know SF has a lot of hills so I totally underestimated what a huge hill it really is on. You won't want to walk it more than a few times I assure you! The bellmen were just wonderful as was one of the concierges. The other concierge was not &amp; acted as if we were bothering him when we asked sightseeing questions. The Top of the Mark was beautiful &amp; a wonderful place for drinks. Unfortunately our Friday night dining experience was very very bad. The service from the Hostess area through the Servers was amatureish &amp; just awful. It was so bad it became humorous. The food was not much better either. Unfortunately no one ever came by to ask us how things were &amp; the wait staff was obviously inexperienced &amp; overwhelmed so telling them would have been fruitless. My best advice is to not learn a $220.00+ lesson &amp; just avoid dinner there.	
Oct 15 2007 	First Class all the way.	This was my third stay at this hotel. Stays one and two were uneventful and the second stay was in 2005. What a difference. The staff, which I thought rude and unattentive in 2005, are incredible. And I put them to the test! I am an Ambassador member of InterContinental and the service was the best I've had on the west coast. The room was on a lower floor, but at Number One Nob Hill, everything is in view! Hotel guests get virtual no-wait tables at the Top of the Mark, access to the small-but-well-equipped gym, quick valet parking for a fee and an irreplaceable concierge. Two notes...I'd like to have the bell staff/door staff number increased. There weren't enough folks around to help us with luggage or to greet us at the door with a friendly &quot;welcome back&quot; or &quot;can I get that for you.&quot; Second, a little knowledge would have gone a long way in knowing that as an Ambassador member, I had free access to the club floor lounge and didn't need to pay for the Club Intercontinental, which is available to all hotel guests for a fee, not just Ambassador or Priority Club members. Overall, a comfortable place to call home for my three night stay.	
Oct 14 2007 	Two star service at five star prices	The hotel is in a beautiful location, convenient to the cable cars on Russian Hill. It is well-known for its fabulous Sunday brunch at the &quot;Top of the Mark&quot;. The Top of the Mark has a clearly posted no cell phone policy. Unfortunately, our brunch was spoiled by a loud, lengthy cell phone conversation. What made this cell phone call all the more annoying is that it was being conducted by the general manager of the hotel, Jean Francois Gatti. At one point, he got up an moved closer to our table to be closer to the window and get better reception. The brunch itself was fantastic -- an incredible array of foods, all of it well-prepared.While the hotel is by no means a ripoff, I don't think I'd return. The room was oddly arranged (bathroom door right at the foot of the bed) and, despite making the reservation well in advance, we couldn't have a king bed. The hotel does not offer a ton of amenities (no sauna or whirlpool, for example; no airport shuttle). We checked out the Fairmont which is right across the street and that seemed much nicer for slightly more money.	
Oct 14 2007 	Great place	We stayed at this hotel for one week and had a great time. The rooms are very comfortable and in keeping with the standard of the hotel. There is the bar/restaurant at the top, called The Top of the Mark has fantastic views over the city. We dined there a number of times and had great meals and atmosphere, albeit the service may seem a little slow at busy times. At the weekend nights there is live music which was fantastic, theres a dance floor and we made good use of it. Although not a budget getaway it is worth it for a treat and for the magnificent views. As it is at the top of Nob Hill we walked down the hill and got a cab back. The doorman and bell boys were very helpful. The car parking is valet and is the usual cost for most of the SF hotels.There is a dress code in the restaurant in the evenings.	
Oct 8 2007	Great place to stay in SF	Great place, great location, top of the line everything!!	
Sep 25 2007	The Good The Bad and .....	Overall, our stay at the IMH was a pleasant one but I don't think I would stay there again if I was to return to SF. I'll start with the good points.As far as location, it's in a really nice part of the city and we didn't feel uncomfortable touring the neighbourhood in the evening. Upon arriving, the doormen and bellman were very courteous and quick to get you in and settled. The lobby is very elegant and has an old time charm to it. I've read in other reviews that the staff can be rude and a little on the snobby side but that wasn't our experience. However, some of the guests we had interacted with obviously left their manners at home while on vacation! As far the as the room (we stayed in a deluxe) there wasn't anything all tha deluxe about it. I guess they called it deluxe because of the view which wasn' too bad when the fog wasn't in. However, they don't go all out for you when you book online using because you're getting a better deal. The rooms were clean, and the bathroom was a decent size. If you plan on ordering room service then expect to pay the price. We arrived late when it was too inconvenient to venture out so were forced to order from the hotel and it was very, very expensive for a burger. They were very helpful with checkout and getting our boarding passes for us before we went to the airport and were also helpful in arranging for a cab to the airport early in the morning. The only really &quot;bad&quot; thing I have to say is that if you're walking back to the hotel be prepared to get quie the workout. If you're not able to wait around for a cable car or absolutely have to walk it's not for those who are in good health or have mobility issues. I also think I would stay somewhere closer to Union Sq. where the shopping is. We spent most of our time there and if you were inerested in venturing uphill you can grab a travel pass and use either the buses or cable cars while you're there.	
Sep 17 2007 	Very disappointing	When I called the Hotel directly to book my room, I was so very impressed with the delightful agent that I called the reservation's manager to compliment him on his staff's professionalism.Too bad Mr. Douglas could not take my call when I had some problems.I was rudely dismissed by a young man at the Concierge desk and left without being shown around and to carry my own luggage to my room. I had paid extra for a 'higher' floor with a view and am still waiting to hear from the Hotel with clarification as to floor level/room rates.And just why is it $60 for two, with an addition $30 per guest for use of the Club room, yet a single occupant must pay $40.I never received phone messages and had to call for clean glasses. I was a guest for 5 nights, yet had 2 small drawers to put my clothes in. On the positive side -- the bed was extremely comfortable in spite of the top sheet having a hole big enough to put a fist through. I will be returning to San Francisco in November and will be staying at the Fairmont, where I have stayed many times before and have never been disappointed.	
Sep 13 2007 	Very Nice but dont bank on Ambassador benefits or club lounge	We stayed on Platinum Ambassador status, and got our upgrade, but were disappointed that this meant to a room on 7th floor that didnt give us the kind of view we had hoped for. We paid for club lounge access for a day, but felt this was wasted as the facilities weren't very good (not private enough - within view of check -in) the snacks were poor and in short supply, and alcoholic drinks were unavailable for most of the day. The 2 computers both had broken keyboards, that is when you could get on one of them......Top of the Mark is lovely, but book in plenty of time, as there is only one sitting and it books up well in advance. Its expensive, but the food is wonderful and the view is too. Overall the Mark Hopkins is OK, but if I come to SF again, I will book into the new one they are building downtown. Sorry, but intercontinental were just not up to standard this time.	
Sep 6 2007	Great city spot	We love the Mark Hopkins. Great location, beautiful hotel, amazing staff. I just wish that there wasn't a wait to enjoy a drink at the &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; on busy nights (even if you don't want/need a table).Decent fitness facility but if you need more you can pay a small fee to use the nearby Club One.	
Sep 3 2007 	Nice elegant hotel	We booked this room via P-line just one day before arriving for a short get-away night in the City. Location is at the tippy top of Nob Hll, which means a serious downhill walk to Union Square or China Town (or anywhere) and an even more serious walk back up the hill. However, the rooms have great views. Our 6th floor room had a comfortable feather top bed, large bathroom, nice TV, desk, etc. Internet is $12.00 per day (c'mon!) The staff was friendly. Room very clean. You can open the windows about 6 inches to let in wonderful fresh air. If you sleep with them open, be ready for the sound of the city, which in San Francisco means at least two sirens per hour...all night. I could also hear the taxi whistle of the busman late into the night and first thing in the morning. The taxi whistle isn't so bad, but the sirens will wake even the most heavy sleeper. The room has a coffee maker, but there is also free coffee near the elevator in the lobby if you get up early enough. The bathroom is large, and has a tub for one. There is a lack of counter space, which is surprising because you can almost fit another bed in the bathroom with the extra space. A small table in the bathroom would be helpful and keep you from having to place your &quot;stuff&quot; on the floor. The bar at the top of the hill is an &quot;experience.&quot; 100 different types of martini's all priced at $12.00. A beer is $6.00. Service is excellent and the view breathtaking. We arrived at 9:30 and there was a 15 minute wait. We were seated next to a window and had a drink. Thirty minutes later the wait was over 45 minutes. Parking anywhere in the City is pricey. We looked for spots on the street and found one just across from the hotel, but beware of when the streets are cleaned. Like most times using P-line, I was very happy with the hotel. At full price, which was quoted at $189.00 before taxes/fees, it is still a very nice place to stay.	
Aug 28 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Definitely an unexpected surprise for our first trip to San Francisco. We originally booked this hotel because of the ratings but upon further review (after the booking) we found several bad reviews on TripAdvisor. It's apparent these people that gave bad reviews were obviously expecting the &quot;lap of luxury&quot;-type stay. While the Mark Hopkins is a luxurious hotel, it was on top of Nob Hill (as expected) so long walks up and down the major inclines were expected. Perhaps some of these previous reviewers should have done their homework. An extremely nice hotel and very much worth what we paid for it, I would stay there again and I have recommended it numerous times since. Excellent location and superior service. My only complaint is that the front desk associate the night before we checked out would not allow us to extend our stay because, we believe, we had paid a discounted rate. Unfortunately for her, we were prepared to pay more than double the original rate, too bad. She should be let go lol, lost sale for this amazing hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	fabulous stay loved the location staff was great view amazing	We stayed three nights in a deluxe room on the eleventh floor and had a fantastic view over the city (whenever the Marine Layer lifted). The staff was very friendly and professional, especially the lady in th Executive lounge. Have breakfast at Top of the Mark and enjoy 360 degrees views of the city. Also go for drinks at night. They have over one hundred martinis! The location on top of Nob Hill is without a doubt the best in town. The rooms are very tastefully furnished and we felt very comfortable and at home. The beds are great.	
Aug 16 2007 	Beware this hotel	The Mark Hopkins Intercontinental looks good and is conveniently located, but that's where its amenities end. First off, they practiced a bait-and-switch on us, promising us one rate, including free breakfast, and then claiming ignorance of the promise when we checked in. As it was late when we arrived, we decided not to go elsewhere. When we later attempted to correct their error, we were rudely dismissed. In addtion, upon check-out, we were informed that we'd purchased a bunch of pay-per-view movies and games when we never even turned the TV on during our stay. They implied that we were lying. If you want to stay in Nob Hill, go across the street to the Fairmont instead. The Mark Hopkins staff is rude, unresponsive, and dishonest. We will never stay there again.	
Aug 15 2007 	OK very old fashioned - not in a good way	I was set to stay in Sf for 6 days and so wanted somewhere nice to be based. A friend recommended the Mark Hopkins and so I booked.On check-in, was told I had been &quot;upgraded&quot; to a business room. However, this meant that the room had a big pointless fax/printer in it (with no USB connection, so pretty useless) and no free internet access, so I wonder exactly what was so &quot;business&quot;-like about it.Views from the 5th floor were OK, but as the room was on the front of the building, I could hear the trams and the doorman whistling for cabs all day long. Single glazed windows that did not shut properly were great for ventilation (no need for aircon!) but lousy for blocking out the noise.My room was opposite the lifts and next to the ice machine - which also made for a noisy stay.Bathroom - poorly laid out and with infuriatingly shallow American style shower bath. I realize that most Americans prefer to shower, but I want a bath I can actually soak in and enjoy. Either put in a proper bath or don't bother - put in a good shower stall! Ugly marble does not a luxury bathroom make. Very low shower pressure - i also heard another guest complain of this, so not just a problem with my room.Bed very comfy, so apart from the noise, a decent night's sleep.General service - not up to standard I'm afraid. As a late riser, I must have caused havoc for housekeeping, but while they managed to change the bed each day after I eventually left, no-one ever got around to restocking the minibar.I did consider checking out early and moving to a different hotel, but I had pre-paid in order to get the better internet rate. Doh! Wanting to avoid the hassle of a confrontation, I stayed put.In summary: great location, but old fashioned without being charming. I expect more from a hotel of this ranking.	
Jul 23 2007 	Elegant with a great view	My wife stays here a lot with her company and I tag along from time to time. I am always amazed at the quality of their rooms and the views from the windows. While this isn't the best location in the world from which to walk SF, if you can afford the nicer rooms, this is a wonderful choice.We do, however, walk all over SF from here and get a little winded on the way back, since it is at one of, if not the highest point in SF.I can't say a lot about the normal rooms, since we get a suite, which has a living room, a dining area, and the usually bed/bath, I can say that the suites we stay in are excellent. Lush fabrics and granite counters are the norm.If we were paying for our own rooms, we would likely stay somewhere else, but since the company buys a block of rooms, then we are more than happy to stay here.	
Jul 20 2007 	Very nice stay	Stayed here for 5 nights in July on business. Booked via Priorityclub.com and as usual, no problem. Very nice deal including parking ($45/nite) and breakfast at the Top of the Mark every morning ($26/person/day). Upgraded to the corner room upon check-in. Room: very nice and clean; great bed; bathtub could have been bigger/shower water pressure could be improvedInternet: LAN connection - nice and stable throughout the stayHousekeeping: very friendly and flexible to our needsBreakfast: very full American breakfast buffet; food very nice but service not so good (could hear staff yelling at each other)Concierge: very helpfulValet parking: slow (takes over 10 minutes on average; be sure to call from room in advance)Overall: great place to stay if you don't mind the hills	
Jul 10 2007 	Excellent customer service from a romantic charming hotel	We stayed for one night in a room on the 11th floor. The room was small, but well maintained. We had a problem with the bathroom, though. The floor had hair on it and also the amenities kit had been used. (The cotton swab packet, which was originally sealed, was opened and missing a few swabs.) We contacted the front desk and they immediately sent a crew including the front desk manager, the housekeeping supervisor and a cleaning person. We were on our way out and they said it would be cleaned by the time we returned. When we came back, they had left a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries, and a nice note with an apology. And the room was spotless. (The new amenities kit had the same problem of the cotton swabs being opened but oh well.) We were very impressed. The bed in the room was very comfortable and clean. The duvet cover was clearly freshly replaced and it looks like they do that after each guest's stay. The hotel is old but charming and has a wonderful bar on the top floor (Top of the Mark) which had a band and dancing and lots of fun cocktails. The view is unbelievable. This is a great romantic hotel. The concierge was great and was able to pull some strings to get us a reservation at Boulevard while we had been unable to do it on our own. It is in a great location, right on the cable car line and within walking distance to Union Square, and lots of great shopping. It is easy to get a taxi here. Parking is expensive (about $50 or so) and internet in the room is $13. This is a classic San Francisco landmark and I would highly recommend it for any kind of stay in SF.	
Jul 10 2007 	A Superb Hotel	Stayed on the way to the QM2. A superb first class hotel with nice views from the top of the hill. Trolly from outside to Fishermans Warf. What one would expect from a horel with the address Nob Hill!	
Jul 9 2007 	Old-style snobbery	Was in San Francisco on a last minute trip and had the week before stayed at the Marriott which for all the comments about its cheesy jukebox architecture was fabulous for the price and location - service was also fantastic and there was no snobbery at all given that we booked on priceline for what I thought was an incredibly good value rate (80 usd/night).Unfortunately after my weekend trp to Las Vegas, the Marriott was fully booked so I had to book last minute online - pretty expensive anyway, since I only managed to bid for a room for usd200 without knowing which hotel. (afraid I can't remember which site, not priceline though which is what I got the Marriott from) Ended up getting the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins - which promised to be full of old-world charm and plushness.What a disappointment. Not only is the hotel quite inconveniently placed - it's quite a steep walk from Market Street, what really kills is the snobbery of the staff. When I checked in, the manager at the reception literally threw my credit card back on the desk back at me (so what if I got a last minute rate?! i did pay usd 200 a night anyway!!!) and was sooo impersonal. I was there with my boyfriend and even though my boyfriend was standing right next to me, he actually asked me if &quot;that person&quot; needed a key.Good grief. I thought, maybe it's just this particular guy, but the next day when we checked out and settled the bill for breakfast and some charges we incurred at the business centre, again, my card got flicked back at me...Room was decent, clean, nice view (since the hotel is on the hill) but nothing special, bathrooms a little dated. No smiles, no &quot;Did you have a nice stay?&quot; - I will never go back to this hotel again. Compare this to the Wynn and Marriott which I stayed at where the staff were simply wonderful, and both hotels actually cost less than this. Exception to this though was the porter who was a really kind old man and despite us leaving a small tip only in coins (my boyfriend had just lost his wallet and all our small change just before we checked in) he was extremely sweet still! Maybe the porter is the only remnant of what must have been a great hotel.	
Jul 1 2007 	Beautiful View	It's at the top of the hill, across the street from Grace Cathedral. The view was spectacular from our room and even more so at the top of the hotel (bar/restaurant). The staff was friendly and helpful. Although, the knowledge of the staff when it came for advice wasn't great. However, that would depend on who you ask! We'd stay here again, but would probably prefer a more central place. It is only 1 block from a trolley pickup that heads to Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown. We rode it once ($5 a piece) but decided it was the same $$, if you took a taxi.	
Jun 20 2007 	Enjoyable stay	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights on priceline for $115 a night in May, there was a big convention in town, so we got a great deal! We are Ambassador member of Intercontinental, and even though we booked through Priceline, we still got an upgrade!! If we booked on the hotels website, it would cost $400 a night!The hotel is located on Nob Hill, about 10mins walk to Union Square downhill, its a very steep hill, so we have to get taxi (about $7) going back to the hotel every time.Room service was promt and excellent.I had to use the Internet in the room for about $15 a day, and reception isn't good.Staff was great, the bell-hop greeted me every morning, and when I return he would say &quot;Welcome back!&quot;Overall, I would recommend this hotel if its under $180 cus theres alot more choices w/ better location then the Mark Hopkins.	
Jun 13 2007 	Hotel with a view!	I have been to San Francisco several times in the last few years for business and usually stayed at The W or the The Clift as assigned by my company so we were a little skeptial staying at this older hotel on top of the hill...However, I was pleasantly surprised to find the hotel very amiable, well maintained and not hard to get to with a taxi. It's worlds apart from W and Clift since it did not have the loud and abnoxious party scenes at these other two hotel. Then again - it's more of a family hotel rather than party hotel! Room is exceptionally big in any standard and CLEAN! Bathroom is the size of my bedroom at home with a good stock of cotton swabs!! Every room has an absolutely amazing panaromic view of downtown San Francisco and I have to look at it before leaving the room every morning before work. Hotel staff is friendly and informative (but my manager did get a snobby reception clerk while checking out since I was standing next to her - very random!) and the key is contain inside a map of the local area. The hotel also has an old world charm which I absolutely adore! while I've asked to leave a message for a colleague, the concierge handed me a piece of hotel stationary paper with matching envelope to write the message and promptly put my envelope into old hotel wooden mail slot behind her and told me it will be hand delivery to him! It's the usage of modern technology with human touches in this hotel that really amazes me. The only negative thing to say is it's really hard to walk up the almost 75 degrees hill unless you are extremely athletic and do not mind the sweat, I tried walking from Union Square back to the hotel which is about 7 blocks away and I was drenched in sweats and had to change my clothes!	
May 16 2007 	Nothing but smiles	I stayed there with my wife for 3 nights. Overall a great experience in a geat city. Previous posters make some great points but do your homework prior to booking a trip to San Fran.The hotel is at the top of Nob Hill so walking to the hotel is mostly uphill. However, walking to any location is fine as you are walking downhill. The hotel does offer limited courtesy transportation - well worth it. Most cab rides to the scenic areas cost less that 7 bucks.We got the hotel for $140 per night on hotwire.com. Well worth the price. The staff was attentive and helpful. Very clean and very well appointed. Rooms are a little small - but very comfortable.I will stay there again.	
May 15 2007	The Mark was GREAT!	I was a bit nervous about the hotel after reading some of the reviews here, but I was very pleasantly surprised so I had to write a good review for this hotel.I booked our hotel for our trip to San Francisco thru Priceline for 115.00 per night... which was a steal since there were several conventions in the city that week. We were there May 7-11, 2006. We were treated very well by the staff at the Mark. The concierge was helpful, everyone greeted us with a smile, bellhops, driver, etc... top rate and very friendly. Our room was great! We got a corner room with a great view. The bed was soooooo comfortable and clean. They have a great air and heat system in each room as well as a lighted display of &quot;do not disturb&quot; or &quot;please make up room&quot;.I would recommend highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 28 2007 	Thumbs Up all round!	Couteous, friendly and effcient staff. Check-in was great-we arrived a couple of hours early and were given a room immediately-without even having to ask. Having just flown in from Australia, this was very much appreciated. The room was spacious and clean, although the bathroom was on the small side. The concierge arranged for some tours to be booked for us and she was most efficient and helpful. The one thing which was a downside was the hotel is located in a very hilly part of San Francisco, so if you venture out to eat you will always have at least 2 blocks of very steep walking to return to the hotel. Don't rely on the cable cars to pull you up the hills...they were always full coming up so it was impossible to get on them! There were a number of eateries in the vicinity including Mexican, a pizzeria and Loris' diner which was extremely good value.We would certainly go back to this hotel when next in San Francisco as we had a pleasant time there.	
Apr 23 2007 	A touch of style	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for three nights in March and had a very pleasant stay. The rooms were well appointed and the maid service first class. We were expecting a tiny room after reading reviews on here (particularly as we has booked through hotwire and only paid $109 a night) but the room was spacious enough for a city centre hotel. All the staff were very helpful we couldn't rerally have asked for much more &amp; would certainly recommend others to stay at the Mark.	
Apr 16 2007 	Elegant hotel good service great breakfast location	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for four nights in April, and had a very enjoyable stay there, all in all. The entrance and lobby of the hotel is elegant. The service at check-in was ok. The receptionist was effective, but should have been a bit more attentive and friendly. In general, however, we were very pleased with the service at the hotel. Many former reviewers have complained about having to wait for a long time for the elevator to arrive. We never experienced this problem, however.Our room, a deluxe corner room, on the eight floor was quite nice and had a good view of the northern part of the city. The difference in size between a classic room and a deluxe room is quite minimal, however. (My parents-in-law and my brother, who also stayed at the hotel, stayed in classic rooms). But usually the deluxe rooms have better views than the classic rooms. The bath room was also nice. It included a large tub that our little son enjoyed very much. The knob on the shower, however, was not in tip-top condition. The night we arrived, my wife wanted to take a shower, and not being used to that type of knob, she pulled it in the wrong direction, which resulted in the knob braking. You could clearly see from all the glue inside the knob that this was not the first time this had happened. The front desk immediately sent a plummer to fix the problem, however. A negative aspect with the rooms is that they are quite poorly sound isolated, as many others have pointed out. We could on a couple of occasions clearly hear which tv program our neighbour was watching. A very nice surprise was that breakfast is served at the Top-of-the-mark, a bar on the top of the hotel with a fantastic 360-degree view of the city. The service, quality and range of the food being served was also very good. The location of the hotel is in our opinon, perfect. Because it is on the top of Nob Hill, most rooms have very good views. It takes only five minutes walk to Union Square and Chinatown. There is a nice park , Huntington Park, just 50 meters from the hotel, and it also has a children`s playground.	
Apr 11 2007 	Continues to be Outstanding	My wife and I come to San Francisco infrequently, - maybe every 3 years - and stay at the Mark Hopkins. The staff and service are outstanding.	
Apr 11 2007 	Disappointing	Having read some of the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was prepared for the problems we encountered at The Mark Hopkins but had still hoped for a good experience. Like other reviewers, we had a disappointingly small room and tiny bathroom, but the main issue was noise. Like some other reviewers we were in a room with an interconnecting door to the next room, which increased the transfer of noise that was loud enough coming through the walls - we could hear every conversation (and 3 a.m. argument) of our fellow guests. The little things also disappointed: frayed bath towels, the closet door not opening fully as it was up against the bed, and not the view of the financial district we had been promised. For $220 all this was just not good enough; all in all an old hotel trading on its reputation not the reality.	
Apr 8 2007 	Royal Ambassador Stay Less than Average	As a Royal Ambassador (The highest Level in the priority club) I expected a Jr suite upgrade. No such luck even after I spoke to the front desk after my last stay about this. Seems they were doing a linen service to all the suites this weekend. Hard to believe every room was affected....The room prices are high and the hotel is dated. Parking is Ridiculous at $55. Internet Service is $12.95 plus tax...another disincentive. Also the Sunday paper is not deliverd....not even for a Royal Ambassador....they will let you buy a copy at the front desk....however they do not deliver it to your room....Bad service. Would not stay again unless I could confirm the suite in adavance other wise the rooms are small and outdated. Oh yes dont lose your bill on check out as they wont fax you a copy without your written request. Nice service ..not!	
Apr 2 2007 	Wonderful Stay	After reading some of the horrible reviews we almost cancelled our stay at the Mark Hopkins. I am so glad we didn't! The hotel was beautiful. Yes, the rooms are a bit small, but it is historical so that's how they were built. I found the decor tasteful and the service fantastic. We stayed on the club level which paid for itself during cocktail hour, dessert presentation and breakfast. We loved the location and had a fabulous view. I found the price reasonable ($289) considering I have paid over $300 at a hotel on Union Square without the club level. Also, Union Square is just a cable car ride away. We will definatly stay again.	
Mar 25 2007	Not Worth The Price	The lobby is grand and the Top of the Mark is a must see, but the rooms aren't really any more luxurious than a number of boutique European-style hotels down in Union Square, which are a third of the cost.	
Mar 24 2007 	Tired Hotel - Outdated	This is a tired and outdated hotel that is living off its former reputation. It is not a good value for the money. Drab decor and poor quality linens, etc. At every turn it was 2.5 starts at best. Spend your money more wisely at the W or even the Omni downtown.	
Mar 22 2007 	Not on top of their game	First, I cannot warn people enough about how difficult your life becomes because of the location. You go up three really steep hilly streets before reaching it from Union Square. You can take the cable car, but the crowds for the cable car are huge. The hotel's own store is miniscule and overpriced. As for the rooms, they are decent, but if you stay in a lower floor, you will sleep only between 1:00am-6:30am because that is when the cable cars run. I would not have a problem if this hotel were priced at a Courtyard rate. But as a luxury hotel, it is ridiculous.	
Mar 13 2007 	Lacking the Service	This was our second stay at the Mark. We stayed in a corner suite for a long-weekend in late Janaury. The service is lacking - from the concierge to the bell service. Our room was fine - very pricey for what you get or lack thereof. Elevator lines can be very very long. Don't get a room near an elevator. Top of the Mark is an experience - once for the view - and drink prices are high, to be expected. There is not a lot of dining within walking distance - you are at the top of the hill. Views are great from the upper floor rooms. You will need to get a cable car or a cab for dinners. Lower rooms will get cable car vibration noise. Check-out lines were long, and the staff not really up to the task at the front desk when it comes to speed. If there on a Saturday, try the market at the Ferry Building.	
Mar 12 2007 	Not up to scratch!!	Quite disappointed overall with this hotel. It certainly is not a good representation of an Intercontinetal Hotel. Rooms are drab, awful colours and terrible cheap tacky bedspreads and curtains that would not even close properly so the light will come into the room in the mornings and wake you. Small adequate bathrooms shower not the best! Breakfast is Buffet only at $25 plus tax and tip!!! My husband and I neither eat a big breakfast only cereal, fruit, juice/coffee so its ridiculous to pay $60.00 for that! But they would not even offer al carte after asking and explaining we dont want and cant eat a full buffet breakfast! Anyway we ate out at a GREAT breakfast place just down the street called 'Sears' fine food which is a very popular place, I had oatmeal with banana and maple syrup and coffee and my husband had french toast and strawberries and orange juice the total bill was $23.00 and food is of good quality! The $65 for use of club roon is a total rip off too. The 'Top of The Mark' is quite tacky and very touristy NOT sophisticated, romantic and classy! My experience of similar hotel bars and restaurants with views in Japan for example (up to 80 floors high) was amazing!!! We did not choose to eat in the hotel as the menu was limited and nothing grabbed our fancy but we ate out at some great restaurants including 'Anzu' at the Nikko hotel a couple of times where the food is delicious especially the 'Fillet steak' with wasabi/mustard sauce with sweet potatoe. 'Roys' is always great too! In hindsight we both wished that we had stayed at the 'Nikko' hotel with its smart decor and 'L.C.Ds' in the rooms and there is also a swimming pool, either there or The W hotel for us next year!	
Mar 6 2007	A great hotel but...	We spent a week at Mark Hopkins Hotel at the end of February and really enjoyed our stay. Its an old hotel with all the character that goes along with a hotel built in a different era. The walls are thin, the rooms a bit small, no ventilation in the bathroom but the place exudes history. The staff were friendly, there when you needed them, and very knowledgable. We never had a bad meal at restaurants they recommended. The climb back up the hill after dinner let us eat very well! The Top of the Mark is a fun place to have a cocktail of dinner but some may find it a bit over-priced. Being so central to most of the tourist sites is a real bonus. Yes, the hill is steep but what a workout. We quite enjoyed the challenge a few times a day.I would certainly recommend this hotel to friends and family as long as they are aware of its idiocyncracies.	
Feb 26 2007 	Nice Staff-Great Concierge	Just returned to Panama from a 6 day vacation with my two sons. First time visit to this hotel and enjoyed every moment of our stay. We had the access to the Club Lounge and it was well stock all day long, nice breakfast, drinks, wines, champagne, etc. Enjoyed very much the staff at the Club, very polite to every detail in order to make you feel well. The concierge was also very nice. I recommend this hotel mostly for adults, noy much of a family hotel, not for a bad thing, but its location and setting is most oriented towards adults.	
Feb 8 2007 	Wouldn't stay here again	My husband and I spent a few days of our honeymoon at the Mark Hopkins. The hotel itself is impressive and the staff helpful, but the room we were in was pretty bad. It lookes like it hadn't been renovated in quite a while. The location of the Mark Hopkins is also bad if you're spending most of your time on foot. By distance alone it is close to many of the attractions of the area, but since it's at the top of the hill, you must either get a good workout or travel the cable cars. I will say the Top of the Mark was excellent, however. And I later found out my dad actually took my mother there on their honeymoon.	
Feb 8 2007	Not typical of an InterContinental	This hotel is nothing special. It's reviews and reputation are based more on tradition than reality. On arrival, we noticed the professionalism and courtesy of the doormen and concierge. Unfortunately, the lobby and the guest rooms are not impressive. The sheets and bedding were of very poor quality, and the housekeeping staff tucks in the top sheet tightly with the bottom sheet. This results in a ball of lumped up sheets as soon as you crawl into bed. The bathroom was clean, but unimpressive. Note this hotel is on the top of Nob Hill, so be prepared to either climb or descend a 45 degree hill every time you want to go anywhere (or fork over the money for the cable car pass.) Do not fall for the Top of the Mark gimmick. The views are nice, but the drinks are not worth half the $12 tariff. The legends of broken hearted ladies weeping in the corner for their deployed soldier boyfriends cannot overcome the inherent cheesiness of the joint. Their is no grand wooden bar as you would expect. Instead, the Top of the Mark is a generic open-space forced into a lounge lifestyle with 270 degree views of a great city (not a 360 degree view as advertised.) Unless you can get a great deal at this hotel, I recommend looking elsewhere.	
Feb 2 2007 	Below Average	This hotel is very average and does not deserve its reputation. There is hardly a lobby to speak of and there is a non-existent atmosphere. The rooms are DRAB, the sheets are of poor quality and the bedspread was a polyester blend. The whole place reads TIRED. Also, the walls are paper thin. The &quot;nominal&quot; fee (the word they use) to use the first floor club room is $60 per day. I regret staying here and wish I had stayed at the W, Omni or somewhere else. Spend your money more wisely someplace else.	
Jan 7 2007 	A good hotel too devoted to cash extraction	The Mark Hopkins, at the top of Nob Hill in San Francisco, is a good hotel with spectacular views. They're even better at the Top of the Mark bar, though we didn't go there. We might have gone, but the champagne brunch was $59--that's right five nine--dollars per person. That price reflects an unseemly emphasis on cash extraction at the Mark Hopkins--$60 to use the club room, $51 to park (not that you need a car there--we didn't have one). Unlike many historic hotels, there's almost no free public space. They even have set out bottles of water in our room, marked $5.95, pretty tacky for a hotel where a &quot;cheap&quot; room costs over $200. It all leaves a bad taste and detracts from the experience. Our room was pleasant enough (though nether historic nor artistically designed, though there were some nice photos on the wall), with a great view out to the Golden Gate Bridge. Most central San Francisco locations have another building adjacent, but the Mark Hopkins doesn't, maximizing the view.The king bed was big and acceptably firm, darkness (and lighting) was adequate. W eclearly heard the cable car outside 15 floors below, but it wasn't too bothersome. The bathroom was modest size but well-equipped, though the tub didn't look too great for taking a bath.Somebody raised an issue about the hotel's having only 3 elevators and causing waits, but that wasn't a problem for us. The location is good for getting to North Beach, Chinatown, Russian Hill restaurants, and Union Square. Many of these locations are only a few blocks away, but people should be aware that they're down steep hills from the hotel. The flatter Union Square, with hotels like the Nikko, might be more convenient and plesant.	
Dec 26 2006 	Wrap you SF trip around a good hotel	We went for our 7th wedding anniversary. I booked hotel and flight and that was the end of planning this time around. Who knew the hotel would be highlight of the trip. Its posh with 5 star services including free limo ride from hotel to center of SF during normal business hours. We decided not to rent car and relied on cabs and limos only. So the limo (usually wait time 10 min) was very handy with knowledgeable driver. The concierge service was also top of the notch and give us great tips on most interesting attractions (not just traditional Fisherman Warf) and were helpful with tickets. Hotel offers a ‘president club’ (I think it’s the name) where for $30 per person per day you can use their club with laptops w/internet, tv, games, fireplaces. They serve delicious self-serve breakfast (lox, delicatessen cold cuts, fresh pastry, cereal) , afternoon tea and evening cockatiels. There are also light snacks and variety of non-alcoholic drinks (bottled and not) thought the day. It also features special concierge (no waiting line and better service) and variety of newspapers. Everything is included in the price. If you like a nice breakfast in the morning and then run out the door we found club to be great feature.Rooms are very nice but what deserves special note is best mattresses we seen in hotels and soft and luxury bedding. Hotel is located on top of the hill and view is magnificent from any high-floor room. There is a famous ‘top of the mark’ restaurant on the top floor. Location wise I think it’s the best all neighborhood you want to see is in a walking distance (ladies no hills as SH hills are too steep).	
Dec 8 2006 	One of the best in the City	This is a gem of a hotel in a gem of a city. Atop Nob Hill, with excellent views of all that makes San Francisco so wonderful. A short walk to China Town, the Financial District and Union Square. The rooms have an old world charm that's hard to match. The Top of the Mark is a truly unique restaurant. The breakfast buffet is way overpriced, until you consider the view!My only complaint is that the bathrooms are small.I chuckled at the review that praised the views but was critical of the hotel's hilltop location!	
Nov 11 2006 	I fell in love with Mark Hopkins!	I loved my stay at the Intercontinental Mark Hopkins Hotel! The room and amenities were great! The club lounge was excellent! The location was great! The staff was excellent! It was my mini home away from home for a week. Although, it's at the top of the hill in Nob Hill, that walk up the hill on Mason and California streets is crazy, but you'll have great leg muscles afterwards. Make sure you bring your walking shoes! The only thing I was disappointed about was the ability to go to Top of the Mark. There were a lot of private parties scheduled during my stay and I was unable to visit it. I definitely plan to stay at this hotel again when I'm in San Francisco.	
Nov 2 2006 	No Complaints	Hotel was ok. Rooms are spacious, decor is a little stuffy and the color scheme could use some updating. Basically, an above average hotel...but you could be anywhere in the world. Convenient to the trolley. Just an easy 7 block downhill walk to Union Square and Market Street.Restaurant at the Top of the Mark was great. Have the breakfast buffet while enjoying a panoramic view of the city - even Alcatraz!	
Nov 2 2006 	Still one of the best	A great choice for a gracious hotel in the central location of Union Square. Five Star service from the friendly greeting of the front doorman, to the speedy check in and continued throughout our stay. The rooms were clean and well cared for with plenty of room for two. But we did have to ask for extra hangers and another luggage rack as there were no drawers for our clothes. Do take the time to enjoy a visit to the Top of the Mark for a wonderful view of the city at sunset . . . isn't that why your'e in San Francisco? Leave the rental car at the airport . . . it is expensive to park in their garage overnight and very difficult to drive the hilly streets of San Francisco. Take the Trollys or inexpensive cabs instead.	
Oct 30 2006 	Club Level extras add great touch	Our second stay at the Intercontinental, and this time we opted for a Club Level room. In truth, the room we lucked upon on our first stay was much bigger and had a better view, but we were not unhappy this time.The room itself was a modest size, but the king-size bed was one we'd gladly never leave. Great quality linens, so very comfortable. The bathroom was as attractive as nicely functional.But really, it's the perks and courtesies extended for the Club Level that make the price worthwhile. We spent a good bit of time in the Club Lounge over leisurely breakfasts and early evening cocktails. They call it a continental breakfast, but the array of fruits, cold meats, cheeses, pastries, and cereals puts many other such breakfasts to shame. Similarly, evening cocktails offered a choice of several wines (we didn't explore the spirits or beer) and enough food to have a good dinner.Other courtesies and attention to our good care were similarly evident. So, yes, we had to pay more, but for two nights at the end of a deliberately fine vacation, it still felt like a great treat.	
Oct 24 2006 	Great Experience -- book Club Level !!!	I am currently staying at the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental with my 2 1/2 year old. Everything has been wonderful, from the check-in staff to the doorman. I STRONGLY advise paying extra to book club level, though. Here is why:I booked on the internet with the pre-pay option. Club level was only about 30 dollars per day extra. It is worth the money four-fold. Here are some reasons why:A private Club Lounge off the lobby with tables, couches, large TV, water bottles, soda, and snacks.There is food available in the Club Lounge from 6:30 AM to 10 PM. Continental Breakfast (including imported cheeses, smoked salmon, breads, berries, etc.), Fruit and Snacks during the day, Afternoon Tea (with cakes and scones!), Cocktails and Hors D'oeuvres in the evening (premium brands and champagne), and cookies and sweets in the evening. You could actually eat in the lounge and never spend a penny on food. The lounge is also located where my kiddo can watch the California St. cable cars come and go.The best rooms are given to club level members. There were no rooms left on the Club Level when I checked in, so we were upgraded to a junior suite on the 12th floor. The most I hear is some occasional water pipe noise, but no noise from adjoining rooms, etc.Free internet for club level members.Attentive service. Complimentary overnight shoe shine service. I sent my Clarks clogs just for fun.Complimentary pressing of 2 items per day.So you can see that Club Level pays for itself. I highly recommend it.With regard to &quot;the big hill,&quot; yes, Mark Hopkins is on a big hill that you won't want to walk back up from any direction. My advice is to take the cable cars. I bought a 3 day pass and the California line cable car stops right in front of the hotel. I have had no trouble getting on it with my daughter, even when she and I were laden with Chinatown purchases.This is one of the best hotel experience I've ever had. As far as costing too much, if you are looking for a bargain then San Francisco is the wrong destination.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Stay - All it was cracked up to be!	Since one of my colleagues swears by this hotel and stays here every time he goes to San Francisco, I thought I'd give it a shot. Have to tell you, walking in the door, I was impressed. Nice lobby, good service from the outset. I got lucky with one of the club rooms. That said, the room was not quite what I had expected. While it was clean and comfortable, I have to admit, it was a little smaller than I'd hoped. My concerns faded away after I walked through the bathroom and down the hall to discover that I had a private, rooftop solarium with views out over the city. Absolutely spectacular. Recommend the bar/restaurant on the top floor (aptly named the Top of the Mark). Not cheap, but a great place for a buffet breakfast, dinner, or a drink with friends.	
Oct 19 2006	Overpriced.	We decided to stay at Mark Hopkins for 3 nights in October 2006. Because of all the terrific reviews here on tripadvisor we were quite excited! Check in was slow, confusing, and the clerk was not overly friendly. When we arrived in the room we were shocked that we could hear everything going on in the rooms around us. Someone else's alarm clock woke me up the next morning at 6 am!The room service food was often overly salty, or sparse, or over done. I ordered dinner twice and gave up when my food was so salty I did not even want to finish it.When spending $350/night I would hope internet service was free but it was not.This hotel while historic and beautiful, does not include any amenities. No spa, pool, etc.We were told when we booked the hotel that there was complimentary town car service to the train stations etc. However, when we tried to use the town car service we were told it was not available on the weekends. We paid an exceptional amount for food, internet, parking, but we did not feel we recieved exceptional service.When requesting extra soap, or towels housekeeping took over 30 minutes to deliver.The service was not exceptional, and the staff seemed bored, and lacking in customer service skills. The only winning points the hotel are is it's beauty and location.	
Oct 12 2006 	Awesome Accommodation	I stayed at the Mark Hopkins Hotel for 7 days last July and I had a wonderful time. The service was excellent, room service was great and the food was so good. My Mom always say &quot;You get what you pay for.&quot; That's exactly what you'll get at Mark Hopkins. You pay a higher price for an excellent hotel stay. You will not be disappointed. In fact, I have made another reservation to stay at this hotel while I am in San Francisco for business. I don't think I can ever stay elsewhere. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2006 	Comfortable	Booked the club level. The cost of the extras was a good value. They provided 5 light meals 6:30 am - 10 pm each day. Plenty to eat and drink, wines, mixed drinks all included. For two adults it is great, not for kids. You save time and can relax after all long day sightseeing. The rooms were average size, bathrooms great, beds wonderful. The toilets are very loud, caused by the 1.6 gallon flush. You can hear your neighbors if they are loud mouths, but other than that it is quiet and restful. Great location for starting the day. Two cable car lines within a block, one right in front of the hotel. You can ride right from downtown to the hotel itself. Great views everywhere, you're on top of it all. The Top of the Mark is a great view, but is kind of run down, old standard, could be freshened up. its packed on weekends with marriages. Overall we enjoyed our stay. The grovesvenor is one block away, the fairmont across the street, i may look elsewhere next time.	
Oct 5 2006 	Always a favorite	The Mark Hopkins is my favorite San Francisco hotel. It has great views (Top of the Mark is fabulous!) and classic San Francisco charm. The hotel is located in one of the best neighborhoods in San Francisco with easy access to Union Square, Fisherman's Warf, and the Financial District (minus the chaos). The hotel is lacking on customer service and the rooms aren't the most luxurious in San Francisco (no down comforters, but the bathrooms are nice). However, the hotel has a great gym and the restuarant/lounge on the top floor makes up for all the hotel's shortcomings. It is great to have brunch or an afternoon cocktail at the Top of the Mark. This timeless hotel warrants a visit in San Francisco and is always at the top of my list when staying in SF. It's one of the only hotels that local San Franciscans visit for cocktails and entertainment. You can't beat it's charm!	
Sep 22 2006	Lovely hotel lots of charm	We were lucky enough to find a fabulous rate at this hotel, and that was the icing on the cake. BEAUTIFUL hotel, very charming. The room was small, but nicely appointed. Lots of nice touches. We had an excellent view of Nob Hill neighborhood. Lots of nice folks -- the conceirge recommended a great restaurant for us. Nice lunch at Top of the Mark. Great access to cable cars and Chinatown. Would absolutely stay again.	
Sep 22 2006 	Loved It!!	Have nothing but positive to say!!Arrived late evening - hotel was very busy due to a large residential conference but this made no reflection on check in etc.Check in staff very very friendly , I can actually say they were the most friendly we have ever experienced full of conversation and information for us both.Room was lovely , large comfy bed , large bathrooms and grand looking decor.We didnt eat in the restaurant but did go to the top of the mark for drinks in the evening which was fab!! The views ( once the fog cleared) were breathtaking.The location is great a short walk to some reasonable priced restaurants and bars.All in all had a great time!!	
Sep 18 2006 	Good stay!	Overall, Mark Hopkins is a great place to stay. I had a corporate discount rate so have a hard time paying ANY hotel over $300 out of my own pocket.... so a lot of reviews may boil down to the rate someone actually paid. Otherwise, classy hotel with all the amenities you need. Also a nice location in Nob Hill. Easy stroll down to Union Square and plenty of grocery stores around for drinks / food. Seems comparable to the St Francis Westin without all the Union Square activity. I would stay at the Mark Hopkins again.	
Sep 16 2006 	Great hotel great location!!!	My 81 year old Mom visted. We are seasoned travelers. We loved The Mark Hopkins. Sort of older style hotel... but very classy, comfortable, clean etc. Rooms are great, beds are great. Staff is short handed when check check out is crowded, but they are very attentive. The best prices believe it or not are on their own website. Same price we got on Priceline. The $169 rooms are almost the same as the $189 rooms. The $169 room have a lower floor view. Both are great.If you go to The Top of The Mark Rest.... do it for drinks and the view. The food is very expensive. Breakfast while ok was too much money. Take the cable car down to Union Square or walk and go to smeoplace like Sears or The Diner.dcr, Middletown, Ca	
Sep 13 2006 	Second stay as good as the first!	I have to say that I LOVE this hotel and plan to stay there again in the future. We stayed on the Club level, and I do think the extra Club amenities - food services, business services, coincerage, etc. - have helped to make my &amp; my husband's stays so enjoyable. The food is good, the service - in my experience - has been stellar. Again Ulysses is a stand out in my book! He never fails to impress, and he is kind, thoughtful, patient, helpful....the list could go on &amp; on! I must say, his impressive customer service &amp; the customer service at this porperty in our experience certainly factored into our staying at this hotel property a second time. I would highly recommend this hotel. The location is ideal for our purposes. It is a steep hill - bring your walking shoes! But there are beautiful views you won't want to miss! And we used the cable cars a lot since it is very convenient to the Mark Hopkins.	
Aug 29 2006	Not bad	Read the negative reviews (as one always does) and got a bit nervous, but our stay was fine.... it is exactly what we paid for, a classy, older styled and well kept 3.5 star hotel in a great part of town. Have no complaints, but no stand out compliments either. A decent stay.	
Aug 25 2006 	Terrible	Sadly, discovered ,after the fact, that many of the very negative reviews of this hotel were completely accurate.Arrived at 9PM .Had to search for a bellhop, who later abandoned my lagguage in the hotel lobby. A bad omen of things to come! This issue however is trivial in comparison to the incredibly noisy and sleepless nights we endured in this hotel. As mentioned in many reviews, you can clearly hear toilets being flushed in the adjacent rooms. In our case the ancient plumbing actually banged as if someone were hammering on the wall! Also, even from the six floor, huge air-conditioning unitslocated on the lobby roof below roared like the diesel engine on a bus. Second room we were moved to was even worse. Originally designed as a suite, there was a two inch gap at the bottom of the door seperating our bedroom from the bedroom next door. Was stunned as it became occupied at 3AM. Could clearly hear our neighbors. It was as if all four of us were staying in the same room. I spent the remainder of that night sitting in the hotel lobby, furious!Finally, on our third night, we were switched to an acceptable room, which was quiet! Objectively, though understaffed and poorly managed, the front desk staff was receptive. If you are lucky enough to get a decent room, you might well enjoy your stay at the Mark Hopkins. If not, you could be in for the worst hotel experience imaginable. Be advised!	
Aug 19 2006	Loved the Hotel Intercontinental!!!	We booked a package deal through Hotel Intercontinental which included breakfast and parking. I was a bit nervous thinking that we would not be treated well since we were not paying $500.00 a night.... I was so wrong. Upon check-in, they took us to our room, opened the door, and welcomed us to the hotel. The room was large and the bed was very comfortable. The room also faced the street, with the trolley tracks so I was nervous it would be loud, but it was not. The breakfast each morning was fantastic, it is at the Top of the Mark on the 19th floor. We had views of the bay, Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge (once the fog cleared a bit). The concierge on the first night recommeneded a wonderful tapas restaurant just a 5 block walk away. This was the last couple days of our &quot;Babymoon&quot; and such an enjoyable way to end it. I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 13 2006	great for the most part	After a shaky first night, we really enjoyed the Mark Hopkins. The hotel is in a great location in San Francisco in walking distance to many areas of the city. The hotel is older and quaint, which is what we prefer in hotels. The prices (we paid $219 a night) were reasonable. Our main problem arose on the first night. We were placed on the third floor, right next to the elevator and directly above the valet area. This would have been noisy enough except we were also placed on the same floor as a group attending a wedding there, and in fact next door to a group that decided to spend the entire night partying in the room. They were so loud we had to call downstairs three times, and each time the front desk said they would call security, but either they did not do anything or it was not effective. In any event, we did not sleep well that first night. The next morning we asked for a room far away from the chaos. The front desk apologized and accommodated us by placing us in a corner room on the fifth floor. They also gave us an upgraded room. The rest of our stay was terrific. The bell staff and concierge are top notch. We recommend going to the Top of the Mark both for Sunday brunch and for martinis (they have over 100) for an after hours drink. Upon checkout they refused to give us a discount for the first night, which we felt would have been appropriate considering the circumstances, only offering an upgrade the next time we stayed there. If you do stay here, I would suggest requesting a room on a higher level and in near a corner.	
Jul 7 2006	Very Satisfactory	Stayed at The Mark Hopkins from July1-July 6. It is an old hotel, but a very classy place. We checked in 9:00pm on a Saturday night. We had a rude man at the check in, but the manager quickly made ammends when I spoke with him the next morning. The Club floor is very nice- great sheets!! Even if you don't stay on Club floor go for the Club Lounge. I believe $60/day for two people. It is well worth it. Great place to hang out and use the internet, play chess, watch tv and enjoy delicious food and beverages throughout the day. Wonderful guest relations people who will help you with anything you need. They addressed me by name every time I went in and made me feel most comfortable and welcomed. Stayed there as a child and enjoyed bringing my 16 year old son there. Top of the Mark Sunday brunch pricey, but worth it!!	
Jul 5 2006 	A princess in a tower...	We stayed here for 7 nights--I attended an in-house conference while my husband got to play tourist. The room and bath were lovely. My only room complaint was the &quot;two wells&quot; along a &quot;high ridge&quot; down the middle of the king-size mattress. The maid did an excellent job, if sometimes late, and actually left me thank you notes for my tips! The staff, if not overly friendly, was efficient and business-like. The only &quot;freebie&quot; was a daily New York Times. The location, although centrally located and interesting geographically, was difficult--it was at least 3 blocks downhill to any reasonably priced restaurant and . . . at least 3 blocks up the same VERY steep hill! Needless to say, we took more cabs than we would ordinarily. Since I was stuck from 9-5 for six days on top of this hill, I felt like a captive princess. Parking is about $54/day--more than the car rental price, so we parked down the hill for about $15/day for the two days we had the car. I think one garage that was one level block away charged $40/day. The view from the Top of the Mark bar is not to be missed!	
Jul 2 2006	Great Package and Location	My husband and I stayed at the Mark Hopkins for two nights taking advantage of the &quot;San Francisco City Tour&quot; package which included parking (usually $45/day), a three day cable car pass ($10/person per day) and the full buffet breakfast at the Top of the Mark. The buffet was outstanding and featured American choices, European fare and even dim sum. We really enjoyed it. Our room was lovely, clean, quiet and comfortable. We requested a high floor and were given a room on the 12th. We were away from the elevators and did not hear any noise during the night. Our car was quickly retrieved any time we needed it, and we took advantage of the cable cars right outside the hotel. There is even a small grocery a block away we used to purchase our own wine. The hotel is older, however very classy.	
Jun 30 2006	Very good experience...	Great visit - mainly thanks to the great receptionist (Monica) who i'd arranged everything with before arriving. Book on the internet, then call them to arrange to prebook your room - we ended up paying $219 dollars per night (3 nights) including breakfast (which at $23 each normally) was a great offer. Our room was fantastic, corner of the front of the building with dual aspect windows and a good size. I think my prebooking had managed to get us the biggest room on the floor (apart from the suites I guess!)Great things:- our room was very well decorated/furnished- breakfast buffet was superb (when included in your room price!), especially as it's served on the top floor (in the famous &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; bar)- very friendly staff (the restaurant manager kept me updated with how England was doing in the World Cup!), Monica had left a note at the desk for me saying that she hoped she'd arranged everything as we'd discussed on the phone - a really nice touch for a large hotel.We've stayed at the PanPacific (now a Mariott?) and also 'The Clift' before - both nice, but more expensive than the deal we got here. We'd planned to stay at the Triton this time, but after reading the reviews here (small rooms etc) we'd changed our plans - so glad we did.Think the Mark Hopkins will be our choice every time we come to San Francisco from now on. Great visit indeed.	
Jun 18 2006	Great Hotel - Management Problems	While staying two nights in June, we fould the hotel to be very comfortable. We were upgraded to a &quot;suite room&quot; on the 11th floor since we are Ambassador members of their Priority Club. The room had a view of only part of Union Square and a glimpse of the Bay Bridge.They sent a small cake to our room to celebrate ourwedding anniversary. It was a nice touch and unexpected.Two problems: 1) Our room was right next to the elevators and the motor noise could be heard all night (right next to the bed). 2) When booking the room we were told that the parking and the breakfast were included in the package. At check-in we were told that only breakfast was included the second day. We told them that the reservation agent had specifically told us that parking was included (along with breakfast) in the package. But we finally gave in and registered with the understanding that only breakfast was included for the second day. When it came time to check out, they had included both the parking AND the breakfast on my bill. When I spoke to the manager at the desk (Night Manager) he informed me that this was not the first time a guest had been misled during the process of registration and he insisted that I pay for parking and breakfast (parking was $51.30 per day and breakfast buffet was around $45 for two). After 15 minutes of explaining to the manager that this was his hotel's fault and not mine, he begrudgingly took the breakfast off the bill.My advice would be if you are booking a package at this hotel, get all the details IN WRITING before you go!	
Jun 12 2006	Over the Hill	An overall okay stay with some problems. Pros are nice size rooms and great bathrooms, fabulous in-room dining, Top of the Mark Restaurant is very nice with a view and live entertainment. Cons, rooms are not soundproof, no spa, no pool, some rooms with a limited view, a very loud &quot;fire alarm&quot; was tested three times on a very early SATURDAY MORNING.. internet available for a fee, no wireless service...needs renovation.	
Jun 12 2006	Overpriced!	We recently stayed at the Mark Hopkins for a much needed vacation. I travel to San Fran frequently for business and we decided to treat ourselves by staying at a 4 star hotel - unfortunately we were disappointed. For the same cost you can stay at the Fairmont across the street which looked like a much nicer place to stay.The Intercontinental was equivalent to a Hilton in my opinion but the food quality was worse. We paid extra to be on a club level floor and the room was nothing special, nor were the amenities. We dined at the hotel restaurant for dinner and the food quality was one star at best. The waiter noticed a $17 appetizer left uneaten and asked what the issue was as we were the 2nd guest to not eat it, we explained the issue and were still charged for it. So on Sunday we decided to try brunch at the Top of the Mark and it missed the mark, $128 for a nice view with very bland, unimaginative cuisine. You can do better for this level of cash outlay.	
May 22 2006 	Greatt Location Over the Hill Hotel	I was really looking forward to this hotel as I had heard much about it.Stayed for 6 nights. The location is fabulous, close to everything with good views from the room and the restaurant. Rooms are drab and in much need of updating. Small and dark. The lighting is horrible and the lights in the batthroom worse than that. Food in hotel was very mediocre. You can easily do much better and I would have left after first day but was at a conference and had no choice.Try somewhere else.	
Apr 19 2006	Great Classic San Francisco Hotel	We recently spent five days at The Mark Hopkins and had a wonderful stay. I now know why most historic San Francisco hotels and private mansions are located on Nob Hill. Our corner suite had sweeping panoramic views of downtown and the bay. The location is close to everything and the famous cable cars are conveniently located right outside the hotel door. The sound of the cable cars never failed to bring a smile to my face. Yes, we are in San Francisco! The staff at The Mark was, without exception, courteous, helpful and friendly. Housekeeping kept our room impeccably clean and did not intrude, even though we liked to stay in our room all morning. The room (and the bed) was so comfortable we didn't want to leave. Room service was top notch. The room service staff was professional, the food arrived on time and always hot, and was of the highest quality. No small feat. The only regret that I have is that we did not stay longer. I am already planning our return next fall. I had not visited San Francisco in many years and did not know where to stay. After much research I decided on The Mark and I'm glad I did. Some other hotels may have some bells and whistles that you won't find at The Mark, but at The Mark they get everything right that counts. Give it a try. You won't be disappointed.	
Apr 18 2006	Great hotel	Great location, and the rooms are nice. I would definitely recommend it. Got a prepaid deal for $149 room, hard to beat.	
Apr 17 2006	Top of the Mark lacks class	We considered staying here and went to the lounge &quot;Top of the Mark&quot; to have a drink and think about it. I didn't mind paying $10 for a glass of champagne but thought it was cheap that the hotel would not serve a peanut or a pretzel! Instead they wanted me to order off the menu where things ranged in price from $5-$20. In all honesty I would have ordered something from the menu(and another drink) if I hadn't found it so tacky that they couldn't even serve something with a drink. Needless to say I refused to stay there and promplty went across the street to the Fairmont!	
Apr 15 2006	Less than expected	The external appearance and lobby of this hotel are lovely, but we were extremely disappointed in the Mark Hopkins Hotel rooms and service. The walls are thin and we could hear full conversations in the hall and adjacent room. The toilet flush is as loud and forceful as an airline toilet. We had to remember to close the lid or water flew everywhere. The bed was the worst hotel bed we ever slept on. The mattress was thin, worn, and without comfort or support. I brought this to the front desk attention and we were later contacted by housekeeping. They told us all the mattresses were the same and the best they could do was but a board under the mattress. We had also requested a crib when making our reservation and again at check-in. This did not arrive until the following day. Guest parking is $51/ day. The highest we had ever heard of. This meant that we would have paid more for parking our car than the rental car fee. We elected to park down the street. There is a nice garage 1/2 block away that charges $30/ day. If we had not been there with a large group of people, we would have checked out and found another hotel. The employees gave us the impression that they cared little about our requests and the facility was much less than expected.	
Apr 8 2006	Great time	We stayed here while they were doing some renovations so we got a discounted rate. It was an amazing deal.Best bed I have ever had in a hotel!! View of the bay from our room, delicious dinner and drinks with one of the best views in the city at Top of the Mark.We brought our own bottle of champagne, chilled it overnight and had room service breakfast in the morning with mimosas - our champagne and their fresh squeezed orange juice. It was delicious.Beautiful hotel and great time!!	
Apr 6 2006 	Unexpected Great Bargain	My wife and I have now stayed at the Mark three times in the last six weeks. Over the years we have stayed at many hotels in the Bay Area, from San Jose to St. Helena. I would rate the Mark in the upper middle range for quality. The main reasons for staying there three times (total of 14 days) in a row in six weeks were location and the ability to get some terrific rates.The quality of the hotel is excellent, although the rooms are not terribly large. The bathrooms are very nice but medium size. The furnishings are very good with a very comfortable bed. As members of their affinity club we were upgraded each time; however, the first two times the upgrades were not terribly meaningful, since all we got was the same room on a higher floor. The last trip we finally figured out the system, and for $20/night more we got a suite. The bargain came in the package deal we got. Included in the 249/night price was parking (51/night) and a wonderful breakfast buffet (about 50/night for two people). The buffet was quite extensive and of the highest quality. We've had better at ultra high end European boutique relais, but this was right up there. If you subtract food and parking, the suite ran under 150/night, which was amazing. The staff was excellent, and we got the New York Times and Wall Street Journal daily as an additional benefit.For each of the three trips mentioned, we looked at a number of alternatives and decided the Mark was the best overall deal. If you don't mind walking up and down hills, the location is terrific as well.	
Mar 19 2006	Fantastic - Highly Rated	We were not dissapointed with this hotel, it is amazing. i stay in 10+ different hotels each month with work, and this hotel was excellent. we were on the 12th floor, the room was comfortable with a good view over the bay. the bathroom was clean with a fantastic bath. the service provided by the staff was very good.you canot visit san fran without going to the hotel bar 'top of the mark' on the top floor. it offers superb panoramic views over san fran, we went at sunset it was amazing. and they do fab cocktails too!!i will definatley go back - enjoy!!	
Mar 13 2006	Room nice customer service bad	The only thing I like about this hotel was that the room is cozy and the bed was extremely comfortble. Too bad customer service was not as good. When we checked in, the receptionist didn't care to give us the time of day (I guess because we did not look like &quot;rich&quot; people). We valeted the car, no one told us how we could get the car back so we asked the receptionist when we checked in. She abruptly told us you can call from your room and waved us off. No one offered any information about anything to us. Although the elevators were right behind us, it would have been courteous of her to point that out to us. That same night, we called valet to get our car to meet some friends for dinner. Per instructions in the guest book, we called valet 15 mins before we needed the car. We went down 15 mins later and waited another 45 mins before we finally got our car. We figured it wouldn't be worth it to valet the car anymore so we parked on the streets for the rest of our stay -especially when valet costs $50/night! Well, seems the hotel has a very inefficient valet service system, they charged us for the first night although we only parked for about 3 hrs. We explained to reception what had happened and to my disbelief, they actually removed the charges from our room. That was their saving grace.	
Mar 4 2006	Lovely weekend stay at historic hotel	Stayed over President's Day weekend as a birthday surprise for my girlfriend. It was enjoyable and memorable.The hotel is in a wonderful location at the top of Nob Hill. We had upgraded to an upper floor room with city view, which cannot be beat. The valet service and the check-in were friendly and efficient, with our package details clearly spelled out. However, there was a snafu with the bags and I ended up having to go back downstairs to get them myself. The room was nicely appointed and clean. The room size was fairly small, not surprising for an older hotel but adequate for 2 people. Elevators were a bit slow, but acceptable considering the property is 80 years old.The Top of the Mark was great for late evening drinks (no kids allowed, drinks average $10 and proper dress is expected) with wonderful nighttime views of the city. Breakfast was outstanding, a high quality buffet with panaromic views stretching from downtown to Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge. There is a cable car stop outside which can get you around, otherwise you are looking at a VERY steep walk to get down to Union Square and a real killer to walk back up Powell to California Street. Checkout was a bit slow, but all charges were clearly explained, unlike some earlier posters who seemed to have problems. Maybe it helps to be an InterContinental member. The car was waiting outside with no delay.Overall, if you like a place with history and class, this is a great place to stay. The package value I received was outstanding, for $219 a great room, parking ($50) and breakfast for two ($52 value) included. Classic architecture, romantic history and a fabulous view of a wonderful city make for a memorable stay.	
Feb 19 2006	Don't Stay Here!	We were married at the Mark Hopkins 25 years ago and came back to stay over New Year's thinking it would be a special way to celebrate. We booked our hotel through their on line web site with a package that included breakfast. We were travelling with our young son and booked an extra bed in a larger room. The hotel did not have enough staff. When you drove up, there was no one to take your car for almost 20 minutes. There was only 1 attendant in the midst of a holiday weekend. The hotel itself was unbelievably dowdy and it looked like nothing had changed in 25 years. The room we were married in was exactly the same. The people behind the desk were overworked and not fully staffed. However the biggest issue was the incorrect bill when we came to checkout. We had been overcharged in that our breakfast was supposed to be included. I called over the manager. He looked at a copy of my booking which I had with me and he agreed. He revised the bill accordingly. I did not sign the incorrect bill and asked him if it should be destroyed. He said no, because I hadn't signed it. You guessed it, my credit card was charged with the wrong amount. As soon as I received my statement, I called directly to the hotel, spoke with the manager on duty, who didn't believe me because nothing had been documented by the manager at checkout. I faxed him a copy of my bill. He tried to bargain with me and argue about the booking! I got angry and he finally relented. I get my second statement and he credited back breakfast for one day, but not the second day. Once again, I called the hotel and the manager on duty would not credit me the correct amount even though I offered to fax him my bill. He didn't even want to see it or deal with the problem. He just said he would turn it over to the manager I had spoken with when he came on duty.I have probably spent more money now on long distance phone calls to straighten this out than the dispute amount. Wonderful memories of our wedding have been wiped out by the incredibly bad service and tone of the managers who will not appropriately handle this. I would NEVER stay here again and I will be reporting this to the Intercontinental Hotel. As far as I am concerned they perpetrated fraud with their bookings when they didn't follow through on what they advertise.(I stayed at the SF Ritz Carlton the week before and it was far superior in terms of service and the quality of the facility. )	
Feb 8 2006 	Light sleepers stay away!	Nice fitness center, hotel staff relatively decent, but if you are a &quot;light sleeper&quot; would not reccomend this hotel!Walls are so paper thin, and I could hear the person next door.. snoring!Good exercise to be had walking up hills to hotel, and right on the California trolley line for those too fatigued, infirmed, or just plain lazy to walk up hills..	
Jan 26 2006 	Nice views and luxury feel	I like the location, the views and the stylish interior.Service was good.Decent value for money overall.	
Jan 22 2006	Awesome experience at Mark Hopkins	My wife and I stayed at Mark Hopkins Hotel in July '05 and we had a very a great experience. The staff were very accomodating and friendly. They upgraded us to the executive suite at no extra cost. The rooms and linen were very clean. The food was very good. And we will definitely stay at the Mark's again if we're ever in San Francisco.	
Jan 9 2006	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for two nights after a Thanksgiving family visit to the Bay Area. We very much enjoyed our stay, the rooms were very nice, clean, good linens, very comfortable bed. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The only exception was a waiter at the Top of the Mark bar late one evening that sort of abandoned us. I had to go track him down to get the tab. Watch out for the extras. We didn't have a car (you don't need one in San Francisco) but we heard one guest having a fit over the $45 per day parking fee. The hotel is in a great location on Nob Hill. Check out the Jazz at Pearls night club if you like jazz music. It's near Broadway, about a 5 minute cab ride from the Mark Hopkins. They had a 16 piece jazz band on a Monday night. What a great time!	
Jan 4 2006	Mark Hopkins	Rooms were very nice,views of both Grace Cathedral and Alcatraz. Cable cars right outside,but if you plan to drive, you'll be forced to pay an outrageous $50/nt parking fee, because street parking is impossible. Mixed staff, some were very pleasant, but we were definitely left with the impression that most of the staff regard guests as a nuisance. For example, leaving the hotel one morning,a staff member saw us &amp; walked to the door in front of us. We thought he was going to open the door for us (judging by his actions, not because we expected it) so we walked towards him, but he instead sniffed, gave us an irritated look, and pointed towards the revolving door like we had insulted him. Also, we paid $12/day for wireless internet access which only worked for about 15mins out of 3 days. Maybe I'm wrong in thinking this, but the hotel can't afford to give out muffins or fruit to their guests in the mornings? Only for those who pay for an annual 'preferred' membership. most guests have somewhere to go in the mornings and don't have time for roomservice or to visit a restaurant. This just seems inconsiderate in a hotel of this caliber. Still, we liked the hotel and may return, but we will definitely weigh our options.	
Dec 12 2005	Parking recommendations inside	We stayed at the Mark while attending a Holiday Party. My boyfriend won a free stay in his company raffle, and as we live 15 miles away, we went ahead and stayed the night.The hotel is pretty average for San Francisco standards. A small room, nicely decorated, with breathtaking views. The staff was a disappointment, when I called to confirm the reservation, I was transferred 4 times and then hung up on. They weren't much nicer in person.Parking runs something like $48.00 a day. That's (unfortunately) about normal for San Francisco. However, we shopped around online and saw that you can park at the Nob Hill Masonic Center, which is located at 1111 California Street (apprx. 1 1/2 blocks away) for $27 for a 24 hour period. And that's only if you need to drive. San Francisco has fantastic public transportation, so usually a car is not necessary.The rooms were okay, the room service prices were ridiculous, $18 for a cheeseburger!! (but that's par for the course, I guess). The only reason I would recommend this hotel would be for out of town visitors who want some views and don't know which parts of the City to avoid (we do have our problem areas). The hill leading up to the hotel is one of the steepest in the City, so I don't recommend this hotel for anyone who has trouble walking.Overall, we weren't really impressed with the hotel, but we didn't pay anything for it, so it was okay. I'd stay there again, but only if the room was free.	
Nov 17 2005	Arrogant and complacent	Oh dear oh dear oh dear.Arrived with several bags in a taxi from the airport. Not a bell-hop in sight. Struggled into the lobby with the bags, the reception staff just watched us no effort made to assist.The receptionist was rudeness personified. Sure, we had a pre-paid rate, but that doesn't constitute any requirement for contempt in my opinion.We had to wait over 30 minutes for luggage to be brought up. I tried to telephone, no response. Went down in person, bell-hop rude.The room was very, very small. Bathroom was OK.Top of the Mark bar has a lofty view, and prices to match.We most certainly will not be coming back.	
Nov 4 2005	Five Star at the top of the hill	Date of stay: Oct 2, 3, 2005. Nothing at all snobby about this Nob Hill Hotel. San Francisco is one of my favorite places. This hotel has not received the best reviews on Trip Advisor in the past. Perhaps the management has heard the complaints and is trying to turn this around. Booked directly through the Hotel to secure the &quot;San Francisco Package&quot; for a 2 nite stay. Three adults traveling down the coast in a minivan. The package deal was the best since parking is so expensive at SF hotels. Other reviews said rooms were small, so we went for the extra money and booked a &quot;superior&quot; room. Well worth it. Plenty of room and oh so plush. I needed to keep my medication cold and the refrig was packed with &quot;honor bar&quot; items, so the hotel sent up another refrig. It fit all our stuff. The buffet breakfast served at the Top of the Mark came with the package and was wonderful. Dim sum, fresh raspberries, blackberries, egg dishes, meats, pancakes, etc, etc. Couldn't even get to all the breakfast set-ups. I can't understand why someone would think this is average. Best of all was the view while dining at the Top of the Mark. The service was impeccable. Need we say more. Most of the staff was pleasant and very accomodating. They did not &quot;look down&quot; on vacationers as some have previously suggested. Remember this is SF, business travelers are primo here. One thing I've noticed, if you engage the staff in conversation, they are most pleasant and interested in pleasing you. Only one thing happened when we went for a drink at the Top of the Mark. The server, a young women, was a little flippant. I mentioned this to her later and she just didn't get it. All is not perfect, but the Mark Hopkins was pretty darn close.	
Nov 3 2005	Wonderful Stay at the Mark Hopkins	We just returned from celebrating our anniversary in San Francisco...stayed at the Mark Hopkins. We had debated our choice prior to arriving, but we were very pleased. Our room was really very upscale and nice, and most important to me...immaculate! The view was spectacular, as was breakfast every morning upstairs at The Top of the Mark.We had very warm and polite service from the front desk. It's quite a climb, but the California line is only one block away. The only negative was our one night to order room service - sandwiches weren't very good. Otherwise, we would never hesitate about staying again.	
Oct 28 2005	nice hotel but watch the extras	Positives:1. nice ambience &amp; spectacular views from the higher floors.2. spacious, well-decorated rooms with clean, modern bathrooms.3. excellent food - though you are near plenty of food places outside the hotel.4. a good location - Union Sq is 10 mins walk away (downhill) and the tram to Fishermans walk is 1 min away (you could also walk there in about 30 mins).5. the gym - though a pool would have been nice!Negatives:1. calling international numbers from the phone in the room - yes, I am an idiot for not checking the price before calling, but to get charged 220 dollars for 20 mins worth of calls is disgusting. Please buy a phonecard!2. the lifts - 3 of them - outdated and completely inadequate - be prepared to wait 5 mins to get one.3. extras in the room - if you come back from a night out and are gasping for water, do not under any circumstances drink the bottled water in the room. Instead, go down to the gym and drink free water from the cooler to your hearts content.4. breakfast at The Top of the Mark - nice food &amp; great view, but not worth 30 dollarsOverall, I did enjoy my stay at the Mark Hopkins. I do feel it's a little over-priced though. Check out the Crowne Plaza off Union Sq which is the same hotel chain but works out a lot cheaper.	
Oct 27 2005	Will not honor web site specials!	A life long resident of California, we enjoy visiting San Franciso from time to time staying at one of the better hotels. The Mark Hopkins advertised several &quot;specials&quot; on their web site in the $200.00 price range.Upon calling to book a reservation, we were told they would no longer honor the advertised specials although they were still posted on the web site. We were offered another room and parking at almost DOUBLE the special rate cost. Mark Hopkins clearly uses deceptive &amp; misleading advertising in an attempt to book you in higher priced rooms at 2X the special price....Sounds more like a used car dealership than a 4 star hotel. NEVER AGAIN!	
Oct 24 2005	Great Location	The Mark Hopkins has some of the best views in town. Breakfast was served in the Top of the Mark which had commanding views of San Francisco and the bay. The rooms were very comfortable and spacious. Check-in and baggage were handled very professionally. However, for such an expensive hotel, you would expect perfect service. Some bad points were the paper promised to be delivered to our door in the morning never arrived. Next to the elevators was a candy wrapper which was never removed during out 15 hour stay. You have to request turn down service which I was never informed about during check in. If you can handle the above out-points, which aren't much, you will love staying at the Mark Hopkins. I will definitely stay there again!	
Oct 18 2005	Great Time at the Mark Hopkins	My wife and I spent a 3 day weekend at the Mark Hopkins in October 2005. We were very pleased with the room, particularly its size. There is a nice closet and nice-size bathroom in addition to a king-bedded sleeping area with windows that open to the San Francisco air. The location is terrific with easy access to two cable car lines. Close to Union Square and Chinatown, but it's a pretty steep uphill return walk from both places. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant but had cocktails at the Top of the Mark on the Saturday night of fleet week where we could see the evening fireworks. We really enjoyed the Top of the Mark with its panoramic view of the city. We were especially pleased with the $120.00 rate we got.	
Oct 3 2005	Looking for another hotel for next trip to SFO	The Mark Hopkins hotel is a San Francisco landmark located at the top of Nob Hill, right on the cable car line and across the street from the famous Fairmont Hotel. I recently stayed (for the second time) at the hotel during a vacation to San Francisco with my husband. We wanted to ensure that we stayed at a nice hotel and remembered the Mark Hopkins accommodations as being above average during our last stay. This time around however, we didn't find the hotel to be worthy of the $300/night fare that they charged because they simply treat guests like cattle! The front desk people weren't very friendly, there were no bellmen available to help with our bags, and the room amenities just weren't worth the price we paid. They could stand to upgrade their sheets and bedding to a higher thread count versus the scratchy sheets they currently had and the bathroom products dried out your hair (get AVEDA!) and they charge an arm and a leg for everything else you might want - $10 for a few minutes of internet access in their business center, etc, etc.Next time we are in SFO, I will try some place else. I think the Mark Hopkins is nice but not worth the price.	
Sep 28 2005	Plush and comfortable	We stayed for four nights at the Mark Hopkins and found it to be fantastic value - got lovely room for £84 per night through travelocity. We had previously stayed in a few dodgier places during this trip so this hotel felt very luxurious with it's marble bathrooms and plush room decor. Unlike the previous reviewer, we didn't find lots of good places to eat in the Nob Hill area but instead went down to Union Square area to enjoy the hustle of the nightlife and the cablecar ride back up the hill when slightly tipsy! Speaking of getting tipsy, if you stay here you must venture up to the 'Top of The Mark' for a cocktail (try the Garden of Eden - v. v. potent) and try to imagine the pacific-bound service men of WW2 having a last drink with their loved ones, this bar has real atmosphere and history.	
Sep 18 2005	Worth the Climb	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for four nights at the end of a long winding trip through California. The location was ideal for us - right on the cable car,walkable to Union Sqaure and yet relatively quiet up near the cathederal. Be warned - its a steep climb up to this part of town, but there are rewards!The rooms were surprisingly generous for an older hotel and we were fotunate enough to get views as well. Decor was classy and facilities were well up to standard.What this hotel lacks is a lobby atmosphere but that is because it all happens up on the top floor at the 'Top of the Mark'. Don't even think about not going up here during your stay. View are superb and the cocktails are good too. They don't serve dinner up there every night but when they do its very good and,at least when we were there, there was a great jazz/soul band on that you could just dance the night away to.One other tip - there are several lovely local restaurants nearby. Don't bother with a guide book - the concierge staff will supply recommendations and directions.	
Sep 5 2005	Loved the Mark!	My husband and I recently returned from a 3 night stay at the Mark Hopkins, and we had a thoroughly enjoyable experience. I suppose it depends on who you encounter, but each staff person who assisted us was courteous and helpful. We stayed on the club level, which was worth the extra expense. We had a fantastic view, from which we could see both down to the wharf and the Golden Gate Bridge. We enjoyed the club amenities (breakfast, cocktails, internet lounge, etc.), found the bed to be incredibly comfortable, and the location perfect. We would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 2 2005	More of a business hotel	I have just returned from a two week tour of California with my husband and 15 year old daughter, and although we liked the Mark Hopkins, I would say that it is more of a business hotel. Although we got an excellent rate ($187) by booking online, and over a weekend, we did not get the inclusive breakfast that others on this page seem to have done, and the parking charge of $50 a night was astronomic! We also nearly got charged $287 per night, as this was the rate they tried to get us to sign in at, only reducing it once we queried it and showed our booking confirmation! We were also surprised to find no pool in a hotel of such caliber. On the +ve side, it is very conveniently located for either walking or catching trams or buses. On the -ve side, all the extras (breakfast etc.) are very expensive, so they easily make up for the lower room rate. Overall we felt that it was more of a business hotel, and maybe we could have found better deals elsewhere.	
Sep 1 2005	Horrible Hotel Policy	We couldn't get to the Hotel Intercontinental Mark Hopkins in San Fran because of Hurricane Katrina.We were told that ALL of our almost $500 pre-payment was going to be kept by Orbitz/Hotel Intercontinental... that there was nothing they could do to help us in our situation.I will never go to this hotel, EVER, or a Hotel Intercontinental again and I will also never use Orbitz again.	
Aug 20 2005	Reception staff with attitude	Arrived on a busy Saturday afternoon, lobby teaming with wedding guests. When we finally made it to the front of the check in queue we were abruptly told our rooms were not ready. Half an hour later we were given keys to smoking rooms when we had booked non smoking superior. Back to the desk where we were told it was only a request but we could have a small king and a 2 bedded room. Back we go to check them, oh no wrong keys. By the time we had waited an age for the lifts, 2 rooms as booked has become available but how they differed. One on the 3rd, one on the 4th floor. 4th floor room okay but 3rd was really small. We decided to take them, we had alreday spent 2 hours sorting things out. Throughout this we were treated with contempt by three reception staff, who do they think they are? Bell boys apologised on the hotel's behalf and said that every weekend is the same because they book 110%. Must be better hotels, Intercontinentals have been good for us in the past but not this one.	
Aug 15 2005 	Crappy Hotel and Poor service	The only way to describe my experience at the Mark Hopkins is terrible. From a value standpoint, it is not worth the money. The hotel is old and the walls are paper thin. I received several calls throughout the night from security because of complaints that the television was too loud. I have pretty good hearing so I assure you that the tv volume was not unreasonably loud.The rooms are nothing special and were outdated. The location is great as the hotel sits atop of Nob Hill but there are several hotels in San Francisco that I would recommend over the Mark Hopkins. If you are used to upscale accomodations and solid customer service, then I would advise you to refrain from staying at this hotel.	
Aug 12 2005	More positive than negative	We just returned from a weeklong vacation in San Francisco. Overall, our experience at the Mark Hopkins was positive, and we had a very nice stay. The hotel's location is great. We were able to walk to the Ferry Building, SFMOMA, Union Square, Chinatown, and various restaurants. We found the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful. Our room on the 8th floor was a little on the small side, with no balcony, but it was clean and nice. Our rate was reasonable ($189.00) and included breakfast for two each morning. The Mark Hopkins is not a giant hotel, so it felt inviting and comfortable to us right from the start. My son was a little bummed that there was no swimming pool, but we already knew that in advance. Parking at the hotel is very expensive, so either get it as part of a package, or forget the rental car. We walked to most of our excursions and hailed a cab when it was needed, and that worked out well for us.The Top of the Mark is a small restaurant and bar with great views when it's not foggy! Our breakfast was included in our package, so we were able to enjoy the view each morning. We did have lunch there one day, but found the menu to be limited, pricey, and very average. We enjoyed lunch at the Ferry Building much much more. If you're there over a weekend, you have got to check out the farmer's market. I have never had peaches as delicious as those I found at the market. The Mark Hopkins did not blow us away with service, accommodations, or amenities, but we were treated nicely and were comfortable. We absolutely loved San Francisco and felt the Mark Hopkins added to the overall experience with its location and friendly staff.	
Jul 27 2005	Loved the Mark!!	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental in July, 2005. I was a little nervouse because some of the reviews had said the staff were rude. Nothing could be farther from the truth! We arrived on a Sunday morning. We were to get a lower view room, which we did and it was ready early. Our room was on the 5th floor and our view was of the beautiful Grace Cathedral. All of the staff were very pleasant to us, and we were dressed in jeans and flip flops! The room was a bit small, but since it is an older hotel, that is to be expected. The room was beautiful! Everything was very clean and comfortable. Our rate included breakfast for 2 each day we were there so we had the breakfast buffet at the Top of the Mark. Very good food and a beautiful view of the city. The cocktails there were very good too. Again, we were just in jeans but the doorman at the Top of the Mark said that is fine for a weekday. Several others there were dressed like us. We had a pleasant stay and can't wait to go back!	
Jul 27 2005	Bad beginning but evrything work out for the best	My wife and I booked the hotel on line. It was the first trip to San Francisco for both of us. Unfortunately our flight got delayed and did not arrived at San Francisco until late at night. When we arrived at the hotel, we were shocked to hear the manager saying that there were no more room available that night (even we have reservation 3 months ahead of time and called 5 hours ago advising them that we were going to arrive late). The manager told us that he was going to send us to a nice boutique hotel close to the water for the night and he also ensured that there would be room available the next day. Well, the 'nice' boutique hotel he sent us to is more like a hostle. My wife and I had to carry all our language through 2 flight of stairs before reaching the front counter. 15 minutes later we found ourselves in a room with a double bed....that is!!! no bathroom (all guests have to use share bathroom), no TV, no sitting area; and the window was facing the hallway.We took a look at the room and decided that it was not a place to stay for the night since we did not even feel safe in that room. We called the manager in Mark Hopkins back and told him that we would rather to stay in their lobby than staying in the hostle.We went back to Mark Hopkins and sat in the lobby. In about 30 minutes the manager came back and told us that there were guests who did not show up and he had a room for us for the night. He comped us for the room as well as the room service we ordered that night (my wife and I have not eaten for more than 10 hours at that time).We talked to the day shift manager the next day and he apologized again for the situation. He gave us another free night at the hotel and upgrated our room to a high-level room facing the fisherman's wharf; and gave us free access to the lounge for the length of our stay. Moreover, he sent a bottle of champagne on our anniverary.The room was absolutely spacious and beautiful. The bathroom is tastefully done. My wife and I felt 100% better after the experience the day before. All the staffs are also very helpful for our requests (resturants, attractions and taxis)It is a place I would stay again if I go to San Francisco again	
Jul 21 2005	Lovely Experience	We stayed at this hotel for three days in mid-July, 2005. We are Platinum Priority members and I don't know if that made a difference, but our check in was very smooth. The room wasn't quite ready yet (we got there at 10:00 a.m.) but the front desk put a rush on getting it ready and we went down to Fisherman's Warf for a quick bite to eat. When we got back, everything was ready. We stayed on the 12th floor in a corner room with a specacular view of both the city and the bay. We did have one snafu in the the tub/shower knob came off with the water running full tilt. We called down and reported a plumbing emergency and within moments a technician was there and fixed the problem. He was very professional and polite. If you can swing it, I highly recommend joining Club Intercontinental. They put out quite a spread and Ulysses was a fabulous concierge. Ask him about the French restaurant he recommends. For $60 per room per day, I feel you definitely get your money's worth in food and beverages alone, to say nothing of the internet access, books, games, service, etc. Top of the Mark was a bit of a disappointment in that the city was completely fogged in the night we were there, so no view. Very high prices but the drinks were good. Bar tenders could be a bit more outgoing and friendly (we sat at the bar). We did have a great experience with the hotel staff - definitely did not see the rude behavior mentioned by others. To a person everyone was very attentive, polite, and professional (again, especially Ulysses at Club Intercontinental). Even the bartenders at the ToM were polite, just not overly friendly or enthusiastic. If you are in San Francisco on a weekend, absolutely try to find time to check out the Farmer's Market at the Ferry Building/Terminal. It's amazing! I wish to goodness we had something like that in Tampa!	
Jul 13 2005	No Golden Gate view here. Top of the Mark is small the people are rude.	We were promised a view of the golden gate bridge on the club level. This was supposed to be one of the only nice hotels with this view. The hotel was below average. The small club at the top was a small, unremarkable and it's doorman is rude. We got a very obstructed view of the bridge. You could see 5% of it. If you think the Mark Hopkins can add romance to your visit to San Fran, first see if you can get a room in Alcatraz. We checked out early and went elsewhere and were much better off...	
Jul 9 2005	Wonderful place to stay.	We stayed here for 4 nights at the end of June. The room was decorated very nicely and was wonderfully quiet with the exception of the shower in the room next door, but this wasnt a problem as it was only heard in the morning or early evening. The staff were very courteous and helpful and any requests were dealt with immediately.The location is at the top of a very steep hill which is great for walking down into Union Square and Chinatown, but is a bit of a nightmare to walk back up unless you're reasonably fit. We used taxis coming back up the hill, but unless you're travelling a fair distance from the hotel its easy to walk to most places.I'd gladly spend another 4 nights here and would recommend it to anyone looking for something thats a little bit special.	
Jul 8 2005	Very Nice	Very nice hotel. Kind of a retro modern feel in the rooms. The front desk was busy and we had to wait. Close to Chinatown and Union Square. It's windy and cool on Nob Hill. The rate was reasonable ($140) but it cost $50 with tax to park the car.	
Jul 6 2005	great hotel	We booked this hotel with hotwire so we didn't even know where we were staying. We were very impressed with everything. I would highly recommend this hotel. I have very high standards and they met them all. We will stay again	
Jun 19 2005	Nice	It was a very nice hotel. But if you are on vaction, I would recommend the Argonaut on Fisherman's Warf. It was difficult to get on the cable cars from the hotel b/c they were always full. The hotel was at the top of a huge hill. It was a really difficult walk to get up to it. The Top of the Mark was nice and the staff were very friendly. One thing that did happen to us was that someone else charged $55 at the Top of the Mark to our room. The front desk reversed the charge but just review your bill carefully.	
Jun 15 2005	It's the top in our book..	My wife and I visited San Francisco for the first time at the end of an anniversary trip to California. The Mark Hopkins was the icing on the cake. Our room was luxurious and the views of the Golden Gate bridge, Alcatraz, and Grace Catheral could not be beat, The staff was extremely nice and the bellmen could not have been any more helpful. Don't miss the fantastic breakfast buffet at the Top of the Mark. It is not too expensive for SF prices and the view, service and variety of servings can not be beat!!! The hotel is in a central location - the only downside was having to drive up all of thise hills to get there - we immediately turned in our rental car a couple of blocks away after arriving at the hotel as you do not need to drive in SF with the great public transportation that they have. We booked our room through tripadvisor after reading all of the great copmments about this hotel. We not only were put in a 15th floor room, the hotel placed some very tasty complimentary chocolates and fruits in our room the first night in the hotel. I saw where a previous &quot;poster&quot; complained about the staff - the staff could not have been any nicer and more accomodating to us - and we were dressed in jeans!	
Jun 6 2005 	Incredible location beautiful room terrible staff.	My husband and I used Priceline to get a hotel in San Francisco. We generally prefer Marriott's, but there was no availability in their line. We later found out there was a builders' conference going on in town, taking up much of the availability in area hotels.Mark Hopkins accepted our $159 offer on Priceline. Upon visiting their website after our offer was accepted, it turns out we actually could have gotten the room cheaper had we booked the room through their own website! We were unfamiliar with San Francisco, and have never heard of the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental, so we didn't know to check their prices before using Priceline.However, upon reading the reviews here on TripAdvisor, we became increasingly excited about our stay, as most of the past reviews are good. The hotel is situated on the very top of Nob Hill, in an absolutely beautiful location. We pulled our car right up front and the valet service took over for us. $44 later, we had ourselves a parking spot for the night. (Still hard to believe! Thanks to other TripAdvisor members, we were expecting the outrageous cost at least.) My husband was wearing khaki shorts and a polo shirt, and I was wearing khaki pants and a button-up, collared shirt. However, upon walking into the lobby, we both felt underdressed. Both staff and other guests alike were all dressed in suits. We somehow felt looked down-upon.Check-in took about 20 minutes- they seemed busy and it took a while to get to our place in line. Overall our check-in was smooth, though the person helping us was impersonable and just wanted to move us along. They gave us a room on the 2nd floor, which was a bit disappointing as we wanted an upper floor, but I think Priceline reservations are earmarked for their less-desireable rooms, so I wasn't expecting much!When we got to our room, we were happy with what we saw, but not with what we felt. The room was stuffy and very hot, not refreshing at all to walk into. We immediately adjusted the thermostat in our room, and waited for the air conditioning to kick in.We checked out the rest of our room- the accomodations are nice, and inviting. The colors are pleasant and relaxing, and the bathroom is small but luxurious.20 minutes later, the air conditioning had still not kicked in, so we called the front desk, requesting service on our unit. They told us they would send someone to look at it. Luckily San Francisco temperatures are refreshing most of the time, so we opened the windows which allowed a nice breeze in. We hung out in the room for an hour, waiting for someone to come, but finally we decided not to wait anymore and go out for dinner.We went down to the concierge desk to ask for a recommendation for a steak dinner around $40-$50 a person. He ALMOST laughed at us, and I could tell he was looking down on us. He recommended some places to us, but made it seem like &quot;Well, if you want to eat THAT cheap, why even bother me with asking..&quot; Maybe we were way out of our league, but spending $50 a person for dinner isn't something we do often, so we wanted a good recommendation of where to eat.We ended up at Morton's Steakhouse, and absolutely LOVED it! We walked to dinner both ways. The Mark Hopkins, like I said, is right at the top of Nob Hill. It was not bad walking down to the Union Square area, but the walk back up was more difficult, though not terrible. We enjoyed walking, so didn't use the trolleys although they were extremely convenient with a stop just outside the hotel.When we returned back to our room around 8 pm, we were expecting to walk into our room at a much cooler temperature, but to no avail. It was still warm and stuffy. We called the front desk again, requesting maintenance, and they assured us they would send someone right away.We went up to the Top of the Mark to get drinks and dessert. They had salsa dancing that night, which was fun as well. The view, especially at night, is just incredible from the Top of the Mark. I got the Creamalicious drink, a Peachy-Orange cream drink. This was the best drink I've ever had! If you visit Top of the Mark, try this one! We also ordered the Chocolate Mousse Cake, which wasn't very good. When we returned to our room, once again, our air conditioning STILL had not been fixed. We gave up on ever getting help, and decided to keep our windows open for the night. Being on the trolley line, and on such a busy street, traffic was fairly active all night, not allowing us a very good night's sleep. Otherwise, the bed was VERY comfortable, and the sheets incredibly soft. My husband came out of the shower saying it was the best shower he'd ever taken! He loved the shower head and water pressure, and said he could have spent an hour in that shower! The soap and other toiletries provided were elegant and wonderful-smelling... We packed up the second bar of soap to bring home to use- it smelled so good!It wasn't heart-breaking to check out the next morning, and as we did, another couple was checking in. Apparently they had reserved a non-smoking room, but the person behind the desk informed them that there were no more non-smoking rooms available. They were very crass about it, and completely unwilling to compensate this couple, or even offer an APOLOGY for not being able to accomodate their reservation. I thought this was pretty bad, and became all the more unimpressed with the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental.The hotel is beautiful... I have no complaints involving the hotel itself or the room (minus air conditioning problems).. Overall I was VERY impressed with this hotel, and less than impressed with the staff. I probably wouldn't recommend this hotel for families- it's simply too expensive and I feel like the other guests would somehow look down on children... Overall the attitude in this hotel is very snobby, which I guess is to be expected. I've heard many people call Nob Hill- Snob Hill. This hotel would be good for business travelers whose companies will pay for their expenses!I would not voluntarily stay here again, though I would stay here if I didn't have any other choice. If this hotel would improve their customer relations, a stay here could be quite enjoyable!	
Jun 5 2005	Good Location OK for a 5 Star...	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for two nights. We had booked it through Hotwire so we didn't pay as much as booking it directly. When we first checked in the guy at the reception was a bit snotty, he was asking my husband what his name was, I guess he thought maybe he was just some random guy staying with me! haha.. Anyways, the parking is expensive! almost $50 a day with tax. And don't get the breakfast their in the hotel unless it is included with your room. It was $60 for the two us for breakfast buffet there and it was only okay. Well the positives.. the staff there was mostly friendly (not including some at the reception), the location is pretty good (the trolley is right across the street) and the room is okay, a little dated with the furniture though.	
May 30 2005	Snobb Hill	This hotel is overpriced and definitely not the most pleasant place to stay. The woman at the front desk could care less about welcoming you to the hotel or how comfortable your stay was. If you expect great service and pampering, this hotel should not be where you stay. The view from the Top of the Mark was spectacular. However, don't decide to drink a Mohito there. The mohitos we had there were absolutely disgusting at $10 a drink, quite possibly the worst drink I've ever had. (And they ran out of the Mohito drink ingredients!!!!!!!!) We were the last ones to drink a Mohito that night. Lucky us! As far as the rooms go, the bathrooms are quite beautiful but the rooms themselves are a bit small. I think to be treated wellllllllll at this hotel you need to show that you have lots and lots and lots and lots of money. Funny, if only they knew I was a doctor! I will not be staying at this place again.	
May 20 2005	Room with a view	Once a yaer we go to SF and the only draw back are the high prices for centrally located, good hotels. So we were very pleased to get a room for $ 150.-- in a 5* through their site. Expecting that we wouldn't get the best rooms for that price we were very surprised! We got a room at a very high floor with a breath-taking bay-view. Comparing to the other rooms on the fire-escape plan at the roomdoor it was even one of the largest corner-rooms on the floor, definitely worth each and every of its 5*. The furnishing were real antiques, very tasteful and stilish. Not to speak about the marvellous bath, I felt like in a museum or in a royal house. Nevertheless, the room featured all the modern amenities one could expect from a high-class establishement. Of course, everything was very clean and smelled good. The Staff was warm, helpful and welcoming. As the hotel is not too big and not to crowded staff was very attentiv and we were treated very individually and with a great personal touch what made us feel always very welcome in this house. The outside of the hotel is very chic, as is the whole neighbourhood and despite of beeing centraly locate, the area is calm. Housekeeping was very efficient and always did a perfect job as did all the other employees. Absolutely not to miss is a visit to the top of the marks restaurant altough we knew the view from our room. This is better than every movie you have ever seen about San Francisco. But it is also the one place in the hotel which lies a bit behind the rest: It sets you past in the good old days, nevertheless a little face-lift would not be amiss. The breakfeast buffet is sumptuous and a great treat at a very reasonable price. The little flaw about the food was that the cooked items were not hot enough anymore (maybe because the hot items containers were very full?). All in all our stay at the Mark Hopkins was a wonderful experience, we felt like back in the good old times, when this historic house was built and we definitiely would recommend this hotel to everyone visting SF, especially to european tourists, which will feel in much better hands in a historic palazzo in a residentail area than in a businesss hotel downtown.	
May 10 2005	Fairytale trip to the sky.	What is not to like. We checked prices at several top rated hotels and this was the best deal for the money. The room was impecible, the service outstanding and the view was wonderful. The trip to the Top of the Mark was the &quot;topper&quot; with even greater views and a band you could actually dance too. If you have any romance in your soul, do not miss the historic Mark.	
Apr 22 2005	Very expensive for what you get	Stayed there as a treat hoping for wonderful service and to be pampered.Got average service in an average room for A LOT of money.Have to admit that the bathroom was just absolutely fabulous but really, how much of your time is spent in there????	
Apr 19 2005	Great Location; Great View from the Top of Mark. That's it!	Great location. Nob Hill is nice and quiet. Cable Car's right in front of hotel. Room is basic. Nothing really different than anywhere else. Linens were average, at best for this 4 star hotel. Room was small. Bathroom smaller. When on vacation, you want to be comfortable, not cramped. My wife and I were sharing a small space in bathroom. We stayed 3 nights in the Park Hyatt and three nights in the Mark Hopkins, and really enjoyed the Park Hyatt more. Stuaff was more personable at the Hyatt. The staff at Mark Hopkins was stuffy, a bit snobbish. Top of the Mark was really nice, for the view. Wait staff was not friendly at all.	
Apr 9 2005	Top Marks for the Mark Hopkins!	An 8-night stay here immediately after Easter convinced me this is one of the better Intercontinental's, certainly in terms of service, which could not be faulted.The Virgin Limo. driver met us at SFO airport (arranged through the Concierge) and delivered us swiftly to the hotel, his extensive local knowledge and suggestions on things to do during our stay proved both interesting and helpful.We initially booked a deluxe room on a bed &amp; breakfast rate; after the 1st night we were invited to move to a junior suite (1419), which we did, although the downside was a faint sound at times from the adjacent elevators. I understand this is a problem with similar rooms on all floors.Both rooms we sampled were clean and well furnished with mini-bar fridge, coffee maker, a nice toiletries selection and efficient servicing. Breakfast in the 19th floor &quot;Top of The Mark&quot; deserves a special mention. Get there early, then linger and savour the sights of San Francisco while enjoying attentive friendly service and a superb hot &amp; cold buffet selection. For walk-in clients the ToTM full buffet breakfast is $23 + 15% service &amp; then tax. On Sundays breakfast is served in the ground floor restaurant since the ToTM does a brunch menu which starts at 1000hr.If you decide to upgrade, which can be done on arrival, the &quot;Club Intercontinental&quot; lounge offers a continental breakfast, as well as a further 4 varied food and drink presentations throughout the day. In the evening from 1700 - 1930hr cocktails and beer are available on a self-serve basis, the wine selection included either Moet or Lanson Black Label champagne as well as a choice of local red and white varieties, all well worth tasting.I cannot speak highly enough of the lounge staff, any and every request was promptly and efficiently dealt with. Both check-in and check-out were handled by them in an exemplary fashion, if only it were always so!The only fault I feel is that the ToTM also serves as the lounge bar for the hotel, something perhaps a little simpler at lobby level would have been welcome.All in all a truly excellent establishment with friendly staff; well worth a visit.	
Mar 17 2005	Front desk needs training	If check-in is your first impression of this hotel you might run in the other direction. We really felt we were interrupting the inexperienced staff's evening by checking in to this overpriced hotel. Beyond that, the room was gorgeous and the attentive staff at the Top of the Mark more than made up for the rudeness we experienced on the first floor.	
Feb 4 2005	Wish I Could Have Stayed Longer	Spent 3 wonderful nights here in January, 2005 with my high-school daughter. We got a room with Club privileges. The room was beautifully appointed, with two queen beds. The view of the bay was terrific. The amenities were nice, including a shoe shine service, Penhaligon's toiletries( never seen these before), and incredibly comfortable mattresses. The Club privileges are outstanding and I'd highly recommend them. Each night around 5:00p.m. my daughter and I would visit the club for snacks. I'd have wine, she'd have coke or perrier along with cheeses and hot appetizers. We played backgammon or gin rummey until about 6:00 or 6:30 when we'd go to dinner. The staff was helpful with recommendations and I'd suggest Kuleto's on Powell, Yabbi's Seafood House, and the Cheesecake Factory on Union Square. We had a car and it only took 5 minutes each time to retrieve it. I will stay here next visit. I've stayed at the Inn on Union Square, the Fairmont, The Sir Francis Drake, and Nikko, but this one is our favorite.	
Dec 15 2004	Excellent stay at The Mark Hopkins	We returned to The Mark Hopkins this summer after more than a decade and had an outstanding long weekend. We arrived at San Francisco Airport and were brought to The Mark Hopkins by a most friendly driver of Virgin Limousine, arranged by the hotel. Location atop Nob Hill is great, architecturally stunning building. Rooms are decorated with beautiful fabrics, great beds and all marble bathrooms. We took advantage of the rate including breakfast, which I would recommend to everyone. The breakfast at Top of the Mark was one of the best we have experienced in a hotel in a long time; delicious food, excellent staff who cared for every detail. Most importantly, the view is fantastic!!!! On weekend nights, it is possible to have dinner and drinks in Top of the Mark as well, with great live jazz, dancing, cocktails and the city lights all around you. Top of the Mark is reason enough to stay at The InterContinental alone! All in all, our stay at The Mark Hopkins added a lot to our weekend in San Francisco. Although we stopped by the new Four Seasons, which looked gorgeous inside, we would choose The Mark Hopkins again for ambiance, location, and breakfast at Top of the Mark.	
Dec 6 2004	Nice but not luxurious	We stayed at the Mark Hopkins for 4 nights in early Nov 2004. The hotel strike definitely takes away from the experience. We had a mid level room facing away from the protesters but judging from the complaints we heard (plus the jar of ear plugs at the check- in desk), I assume that quite a few guests were disturbed by the noise. We were able to get a package that included parking (50$ a night!) and breakfast for only $160 per night. I wouldn't pay much more than that, the hotel is a bit run down and has very few amenities one would expect in a four star hotel. If you can't get a package deal, recommend that SF Marriott instead.	
Oct 28 2004	What a great hotel	What a great hotel. Even although some of the staff were on strike outside the service inside was fantastic.Check in was very friendly, quick and easy. A room upgrade was much appreciated and we had 270 degree views over the city. At nightime as well the view was just incredible.The room was spotlessly clean and although there was no room service or minibar service all the other services were working as normal.The usual InterCon standards were all there - very comfortable bed with very nice, crisp, clean sheets. Mind you, I think they were rationing the towels in the bathroom as we had to ask for some more!We were given several drinks vouchers for the Top of the Mark and this is well worth a visit even if you are not staying at the hotel. Watching the city lights come up after a nice, clear, sunny day is fantastic.Would defintely stay here again. Well worth the money.	
Oct 19 2004	Sloppy credit card management / A total mess with the strike...	A hotel worker's strike is going on in San Francisco, therefore this hotel is understaffed and going through a hard time, I understand. HOWEVER, their guest credit card management is extremely sloppy (I found out I was overcharged $1000 in excess without my authorization!) and with their guest relations currently not existing, this is very, VERY distressing. After several frustrating long distance telephone calls and faxes, I finally got the number of the accounting manager, but have only talked with an answering machine (same thing with the general manager, answering machine) to this date. This means I might need to dispute my credit card bill..... Most services and member benefits were omitted -due to the strike- as well as no room service, and if you try getting something at the restaurants, you will get bad service. (This comment coming from someone from NYC should mean something.) I was going to let all this pass, but I genuinely felt I should warn other people thinking of staying here. If you don't believe me, try getting hold of someone at the hotel during the daytime.....I now remember another guest screaming at the front desk during my check-in. I should have taken that as a hint...By the way, I also stayed at the Holiday Inn Express at Fisherman's Wharf. Same strike situation, but no such glitches and service much more better (at less than half the price!)	
Oct 1 2004	Wonderful cozy room	I stayed here for business in September 2003. I simply loved my room. The room was not big, but it was very comfortable and decorated with genuine character and restrained elegance. The furniture and decorations were all appropriate for an old hotel on Nob Hill. The room was elegant but did not have the exuberant plushness that you might find in a Ritz, and customers who want more over-the-top luxury for their money might want to go elsewhere. The dining room at the top has simply divine views of San Francisco, although I can't remember a thing about the food. Anyway, the best Chinese food in America is a short walk away. I have stayed in more luxurious or opulent hotel rooms, but this was the most memorable.	
Sep 30 2004	2 and 1/2 Star Quality at Five Star Rates	This establishment trades way too much on its location but pales badly compared to the Fairmont and couldn't come close to the Mandarin, Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons. We paid over $300 a night for a high floor corner room on a &quot;Club Floor&quot; with Golden Gate (barely) , Alcatraz and City views. The view windows are 2 old casement windows with not much &quot;view&quot;. The 'Club&quot; is in an old banquet room on the Lobby floor. The &quot;Club Floor&quot; is the same as the other floors-no secured access and no upgraded decor. The &quot;Club Floor&quot; room was badly decorated and just old. The bed linens were stained and dirty and we had them changed- but quite disgusting. There is no 24 hour room service as the night operator so rudely informed us. The staff was mixed...some were very accomodating, others were just putting in their time. The food was plain...heated mini-quiches and tiny heated frozen eggrolls were the &quot;stars&quot; of their evening food presentations in the Club lounge. Not even a &quot;How was your stay&quot; when we checked out- just a &quot;do you want to leave the charges on your card&quot;- NEXT! We stayed in this hotel a few years ago and its gotten worse, not better...sad to see. Overloaded with cruise ship tourists. We belong to Intercontinental's Ambassador's Gold Club but we won't be staying here again! Our advice? Stay at the Mandarin or Four Seasons..at least you'll get what you pay for!	
Sep 27 2004	Not that swell because the service was bad	My fiance and I stayed here the weekend after we got engaged. Although the room was nice and clean the service was deplorable on every conceivable level. It took us forever to check in and the staff was rude. We went to the top of the hotel to have a drink and the staff was exceedingly rude (I have been there many times and it's frequently a drag because it's so popular) and just in general, we were kind of bummed out with how lame the staff was... and we're pretty low maintenance.Other reviewers seem to really like the Mark Hopkins so this could have been a bad weekend for them. With so many great places to stay in SF though, I probably won't come back.	
Aug 30 2004	Book the 'San Francisco Package'	The Mark Hopkins Intercontinental is first class accomodations in a perfect location. If you have a car and will require parking, book the &quot;San Francisco Package&quot; (available Mon 28 June 2004-Friday 31 December 2004). I made my reservation on Intercontinental's website and received a rate of $209. plus room tax: $26.46, for a total of $235.46 for Friday, August 27th, 2004. The S.F. package includes a full American breakfast at &quot;The Top of the Mark&quot; ($57), overnight parking ($50), two complimentary cable car passes per day ($18), and late check out (2pm). I stayed in room 520, had a king bed with a beautiful city view, highlighted with a fountain and cathedral. The bathroom is very tiny, but is lavishly done in marble, chrome hardware, and not enough towels. After requesting additional towels, which were immediately delivered, the room had everything I could hope for. The breakfast is excellent and the view is breathtaking. I heard the &quot;Tongo&quot; which is across the street at the Fairmont is a must for a cocktail, unfortunately did not have the time to check it out. If you are shopping, Macy's offers a 12% discount card, just show your hotel key at gift wrap. The discount card is good for one day. San Francisco is a great week-end destination with lots of romance and adventure; but all those memories are superior when you stay at the right place. The Intercontinental Mark Hopkins is the right place.	
Aug 9 2004	Great Hotel - Quiet Nice Views Great Location	We stayed here to break up our trip to Hawaii from the East coast. We checked in early (10ish), had a great room, and the staff was very nice. Everything was comfortable, clean and quiet. It was a great hotel and walking distance to everything! Plus, the Top of the Mark is nice and has great views of the city (if it is not too foggy).	
Jul 16 2004	Service was Outstanding!	I was very impressed with the service afforded me at the Mark Hopkins. I was immediately upgraded at no charge upon arrival and was delighted with the view from my room of the City. The complimentary Limo service was a perk one must appreciate given the location (On Nob Hill) in relation to the Convention Center. I dined at the Top of the Mark and give the service and quality 5 stars!!!! I highly reccomend the Mark Hopkins without reservation.	
Jul 15 2004	This is a 5-Star?	This is a nice hotel. But I have to admit I was disappointed because its reputation was of a higher-end choice, like the Ritz Carlton or Park Hyatt. Frankly, it reminds me of a very nice Hilton or Marriot. Nothing more, nothing less. Maybe the elegance starts in the suites, but the standard rooms are just that - standard. I certainly would recommend this hotel if you're looking for a nice place to stay, but if you're looking to splurge, you should probably look elsewhere. Nob Hill is fantastic, by the way. Great setting for a hotel!	
Jul 6 2004	Great stay	Enjoyed our stay here. Did have to upgrade to a higher level room due to the noise. ENTIRE staff was very, very friendly!! Would stay here again.	
Jul 3 2004	Good service	We stayed there recently for 3 days. The room is nothing to write home about and the bathroom is very small. We had a room on one of the top floors but the view is not spectacular. That said, we really enjoyed our stay there as the service was very good. We were travelling with our 2 year old and housekeeping responded to our requests for extra towels etc very promptly. The breakfast was delicious with lots of fruits.The package we booked was quite good value (includes breakfast and parking). It's worth taking this package if you have a car with you.The Nob Hill location is lovely. For parents travelling with young children, there is a good playground just opposite the hotel.	
Jun 22 2004	Elegant but not spectacular	I spent a few nights there for a meeting. My room was clean and comfortable and overall very nice. Staff were excellent and the atmosphere was posh. However for absolute comfort the W San Francisco is much more nicer. 	
Jun 18 2004 	Condition Location Attitude	I stayed one night in June 2004.The hotel is located at the top of Nob Hill. Across the street (California Street) is the Fairmont Hotel. Across from the Fairmont is a very clean grassy park with a climbing structure area for kids. The California Street cable car passes between the Mark Hopkins and the Fairmont.The hotel's reception area is stately. The front desk staff was welcoming, helpful and efficient. My room was on the 4th floor overlooking California Street. The room was in excellent condition. It had crown mouldings and tall baseboards. The drapery was of quality material. The bathroom was small but was especially clean and nicely tiled.The only downside was the room was a little noisy. The windows were only single-paned and so noise from outside easily penetrated the room. Cable cars move by connecting and disconnecting to a cable that constantly operates below the street, and I could hear the vibration of the cable. The cable cars themselves made a lot of straining noise as they came up Nob Hill. Also, I could clearly hear the doorman's taxi whistle. Finally, I could hear people in the next room and in the hallway.I would stay there again but would try to get a room on a higher floor.P.S. There might be a big difference in the hotel's rooms or in my perception of the hotel's quality; I heard two guests complaining to staff about their rooms. In both instances, the staff maintained a respectful, understanding attitude as they offered to move them to different rooms. 	
May 8 2004	My favorite hotel in SF	This is our favorite hotel in SF, and we have stayed in at least a dozen. Maybe you have to be a frequent visitor to appreciate the luxury and history of the location on top of Nob Hill. I especially love the marble bathrooms and the elegant sophisticated room decor, as well as the magnificant hotel facade on a clear day with the brilliant CA sun and blue sky backdrop. The Top of the Mark is great for a nightcap or afternoon cocktail. Grace Cathedral with its magnificant choir and labyrinths is across the street.	
May 3 2004	User Used To New York City Hotels	Obviously, SF hotels use a different rating, as this 4 to 5 star hotel was nothing special. The staff was helpful, but not overly so provding bare minimum services. On site amenities are less than in the NYC version as well. Rooms were decorated exactly the same as the Intercontinental in NYC, but smaller. Location is TERRIBLE!!!! unless you are there for business. You get no sense of San Francisco as it really is and is up on Nob Hill which can only be accesed by cab or cable car (walking could kill you if you are not in condition). If you have a choice of a three star in a more interesting neighborhood (or even a B to B), do it. Mission district, Union Square or the Castro all seem to be less sterile, more interesting and are on BART and Muni lines.	
May 1 2004	Fantastic	4 nights at the Mark Hopkins was just fabulous. We booked direct over the internet and took advantage of the room with breakfast deal. Breakfast in Top of the Mark was exceptional with a great range of yummies on offer. The room itself was probably a bit small for my liking, but wonderfully fitted out. The bathroom was a great size as well. The staff were amazingly courteous and prompt with any requests. It was also convenient staying on Nob Hill with Cable Cars literally at your door. If you're planning the touristy thing around San Francisco, make sure you get a City Pass early in the peace so you can take advantage of unlimited Cable Car/Muni transport as well as a Bay cruise and entry into a few museums. 4 days is definitely not long enough in San Fran.	
Apr 27 2004	Stellar Service!	 My stay at the Mark Hopkins Hotel was the perfect exclamation point to my San Francisco trip. Genuine, friendly, and impeccable service combined with a beautiful facility summarized my experience here. I had a club room on the 14th floor, which appeared new and was generously provided with cd and dvd players, designer toilettries, &quot;comfortable&quot; bed, and many other little things from toothbrush to umbrella, that really anticipated my every need. The view from my room was also nice. In response to complaints made towards the club access, it seemed to me that the hotel had worked the problems out, for the small extra I paid, was definitely worth it. The food at the lounge was very good, and nothing beats having the ability to check out late and having access to many personalized services. From the receptionist, to the housekeeper, to the driver of the house car, which I was offered to use on my way to the Caltrain station, all my interactions were provided with smile and welcoming response and action. Let me inform you however, that the location of the hotel, on top of a hill, can be challenging to some guests. Also, the hotel elevators were small and access to them can be time consuming during busy instances. These were minor problems however, for I will definitely come back to Mark Hopkins, on my return to this beautiful city. 	
Apr 9 2004	Unpleasant experience	I stayed 6 nights on the Club Floor Level, which was so unsatifactory that the Management credited me with one free night. The Club floor is poorly staffed and does not compare with other InterContinental properties. I have complained to InterContinental Head Office without getting any satisfaction. I would not stay there until something has been done to this very tired hotel.	
Mar 26 2004	Wonderful Elegant Hotel	I just completed a weekend stay at the Mark Hopkins. This hotel is a beautiful, classic and elegant architectural landmark. I booked online using a &quot;weekend&quot; package that included an upgrade to a mini-suite which turned out to be a gorgeous two room suite with separate living area with a sofa, upholstered chairs, a dining table with four chairs, a hallway with a beautiful bath off of it and a bedroom. It was like staying in an elegant tastefully decorated manor. The robes provided and the Penhaligon products in the bathroom were lovely. The room was clean clean clean, the furniture, upholstery, carpeting, and draperies were of the highest quality and like new. The front desk staff were extremely polite and helpful and granted our late check out request with a &quot;my pleasure&quot;. The head of housekeeping was in the lobby one morning and personally came over to me to inquire about our stay. She was lovely and personable and gave me her business card should I &quot;need anything&quot;. And no, I'm not a celebrity or weatlhy. To top it all off, our rate also included the breakfast buffet for two held in the Top of the Mark except on Sundays when it is held in the former &quot;Peacock&quot; room off of the lobby. The buffet was tasty, fresh and bountiful and even at $23 dollars if we had to pay for it, it was worth it considering it included all this, coffee and orange juice. After all folks, breakfast in a hotel in this city isn't going to be $5.95. I have stayed in many luxury hotels and this ranks right up there with the top five. What did I pay for all this luxury? $329 per night which isn't cheap by any means but it was well worth it!	
Mar 22 2004	no way again bad experience	We just returned froma four night stay at the mark. We were on the club level floor. First off the food in the room at the club was basically re used every day. Stale bread cheese that had hardend edges and it semed that the tables were left with dirty plates almost all day? All of the food at break fast and dinner looked recycled. The hotel was also in the middle of moving the club room to another floor yet they did not bothet to let anyone on the club floor know this so when we went in to select a movie we found a room that looked almost empty. We called down to see if we could still get a movie and we were told that the movies were in a locked cabinet so it would be impossible. For $429 a night they could have handled the move better in my opinion. The rooms themselves apeared nice and fresh UNTIL I opened the desk drawer which was filled with crumbs. Also the shower was was kind of nasty. Do not look under the beds if you have lost a slipper because there we found all sorts of dust balls and other asorted yucky stuff. My point?? This was too much money for these kinds of issues. Do not waste money on the club level..Also the folks at the front desk were a bit snooty.Cathy	
Mar 16 2004	Great Hotel	Who am I ? (a mid 30s professional who vacationed with a mid 20s companion) The Mark Hopkins is understated, elegant and convenient. It is away from the noise and hassle of Union Square, but close enough to very easily walk there, to Chinatown, or to the Theater District/Tenderloin. I got the reservations on the web, and paid a small premium for an &quot;upper room&quot;, which was remarkably spacious, quiet, and had a view of Union Square -- all at an incredible price. My only interaction with the staff was cordial and professional -- they are there (and smiling)when you want them and invisible when you do not. I have stayed at multiple hotels in San Francisco, from the Clift to the Hyatt, and the Mark Hopkins is superior to them all. Nice place!	
Feb 18 2004	Location Location Location	We just got back from a mini vaction to San Fran. We had a great time. We spent a lot of time trying to decide which hotel to stay at and we made a great decision by staying here. It is in a perfect location, with great views. It is walking distance to chinatown, Beach Blanket Babylon (don't miss it), City Light Book store and other attractions. It is also with 2 blocks of the famouse trolley cars which will take you down to the wharf, past lombard street, Gary Danko's restaurant (don't miss it), and downtown. the room we had was very nice and the hotel staff was very helpful and pleasant. We had breakfast which was very good, but a little pricey (Go to Dottie's also within walking distance, a great place for breakfast cheap and huge portions and homemade bread. Gets busy though.) So if you want a nice hotel I suggest the Mark Hopkins or the Fairmont which is right next door.	
Dec 8 2003	Loved the stay at the Mark	I chose the Mark Hopkins Inter-continental after researching various online sources, including reviews from trip advisor users and was very pleased by my decision. The hotel offered excellent service from the minute you arrive on their property. Everyone from the valet, doorman, front desk, housekeeping was friendly and courteous. The location can be a little noisy on a weekend night even if your staying on the upper floors. (You're in the middle of the City and some noise should be expected.) Be careful using their phones to make local calls, they charge a $1usd per call. I would stay and recommend a stay here to anyone.	
Dec 6 2003	Great experience - helpful staff!	We visited San Francisco for the first time this past October and were not disappointed with our stay at the Mark Hopkins. It is certainly a luxurious hotel - and a great location. The staff was very attentive and helpful -- the concierge even found us great restaurant reservations for a Friday night even though we only asked that morning. If you don't mind spending the money it's a nice place. We used points for our stay so there was mininal cost, but otherwise would not likely spend the money.	
Nov 20 2003	Discriminatory service shady billing practices	Decided to stay at Mark Hopkins after reading these reviews. My stay was quite disappointing. Convenient location and the rooms are nice in general. While the bell boys were great, the receptionist were less friendly. The minute you check in, the staff began to push you to spend more at the establishment. Concierge weren't helpful in helping me find directions to the places that I asked about. The hotel needs to do something about the restrooms. It's systemic across all Inter-continental chains in the US. You can always hear the other ppl flushing their toilets! Sound proofing needs much more work. Nonetheless it is a gorgeous building. It's worth going there to pay a visit.	
Oct 21 2003	Great location So-So service	The Mark Hopkins has one of the best locations of any hotel in SF, and the views can't be beat. However, the service (particularly the front desk) tends to be very snooty. We were refused a room above the 3rd floor because we had a &quot;discounted rate&quot; (exact quote, said in a very disparaging tone of voice). Also received a lot of exasperated sighs from the front desk as well as the concierge for no apparent reason.	
Oct 7 2003	Very enjoyable experience		
Sep 19 2003	Lovely place		
Aug 14 2003	Absolutely Fabulous! Worth every cent!		
Jul 31 2003	Mark Hopkins was outstanding!		
Jul 6 2003	True pampering...1st class hotel		
Jun 27 2003	pure elegance		
May 27 2003	Sublime		
Apr 26 2003	Nice on Nob Hill		
Feb 19 2003	Old World Unstuffy Modern Elegance		
Aug 6 2002	Beautiful!		
Oct 23 2009 	elegante		
Sep 26 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 13 2009 	Wunderbarer Aufenthalt		
Sep 1 2009 	Bellissimo stupendo e efficente		
Aug 3 2009 	necesita un lavado de cara ya		
Jul 28 2009 	Excelente elección si deseas estar cerca del downtown San Francisco		
Jun 20 2009 	correct		
Jun 14 2009 	Good location and resonable price		
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent hotel		
Apr 26 2009 	la tres grande classe		
Mar 29 2009 	Exklusive Lage Empfehlenswert		
Nov 25 2008	fantastico..		
Nov 11 2008 	Muy elegante		
Aug 30 2008 	Très bon Etablissement		
Aug 17 2007	Grande tradition hôtelière au sommet de Nob Hill		
