Oct 6 2009 	The place was great	I really liked the motel. It was very cute with paintings of San Francisco on the outside walls. The rooms were nice and clean also. The neighborhood was nice and safe. It was very convenient to many buses. We took the bus all over San Francisco. It is a short walk to the Marina, where there are nice running trails along the water with a view of the Golden Gate Bridge. It is also a short walk to the Exploritorium and the Palace of Fine Arts. I stayed upstairs and it was quiet even though it was on a main street.	
Sep 30 2009 	Poor ServicePoor BreakfastUnhelpful Reception Very Basic Accomadation	I stayed at this Super 8 for 3 nights but only because I had booked on the internet and had prepaid. The room was ok.It was clean and everything worked.The staff in the reception area were unfriendly,rude and unhelpful. The reception Area is approx 4 feet square and this is where you have to stand to eat the poor excuse for a breakfast unless you take it back to your room. I have stayed in many Motels all over the USA and this was the worst breakfast yet. The normal Motel breakfast in the US is usually poor but someone here was taking the mickey. (I'm being polite) The Hotel is about 15 minutes from Fishermans Wharfe by bus.You have a 3 min walk to the bus stop which is on Chesnut Street as are most of the shops.Walk down Scott Street.The bus does not run down Lombard Street. On the plus side, the one and only redeeming feature is that the Limited Undercover parking is Free.	
Sep 16 2009 	Couldn't be worse	Breakfast: terrible. Room: very very small - really disappointing. You'll need a car to go to fishermans wharf and pier 39. Parking: always a surprise (too small garage) - we had to park on the street for 2 days (and its really difficult to park nearby). And the most annoying thing: the manager family kept fighting all the time and cant give you attention! Dont worth it.	
Sep 10 2009 	Basic hotel fair location	Breakfast very disappointing, desk service was not great, felt they were busy dealing with family, Better people skills would be great	
Sep 5 2009 	Parking difficulties - negative price and room OK	Negative: Following caution label attached inside Hotel:&quot;This facility contains one or more chemicals know to the state of California to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm&quot;.Room: OKLocation: OK Parking: Difficult due to lot limitation	
May 16 2009 	Average hotel - Good location - Ideal for budget traveler	This hotel was nothing to rave about the manager seemed uninterested and the room was small. The Hotel is located on a busy stretch of road and can be quiet noisy. The breakfast in the morning is collected from the lobby which is a small booth and then either taken back to your room or to a patio location at the top and rear of the premises. Parking is very limited and its first come first served, no more than 16 spaces, so if you get a space I would leave the car there for your entire stay as it maybe difficult to park close by. The hotels location is good as public transport is only a couple of minutes walk away on the parallel road. It took us an hour to walk from the hotel to Fisherman’s Warf up and down a few hills to give you an idea of distance on foot. As usual Super 8 Prices are hard to beat so if you are on a budget then stay here, the rooms are clean and public transport here runs 24/7.	
Jan 11 2009 	The worst Super 8 Motel experience	The check in process is the slowest I have ever experienced in any hotel, and it is not comparable at all to any other Super 8. It took me 20 minutes to check in. We were two couples and they had the same experience on the same day 2 hours earlier.I checked in at 4 pm, when I got to the room, there were no towels. I asked the staff, and I was told I would get them in an hour, since the hotel had no extra towels, they had to wash the towels of people that had checked out at 11 am, and they were not done yet with washing.Parking space is very limited and very narrow. You can park only if you have a compact car.My wife and me, had trouble sleeping at the bed during the night, because the bed was totally uncomfortable.There were two guys looking over the hotel, if you come accross the young guy, try to avoid him, he is very rude and unhelpful. Ask the other guy who is in his 40's, he was at least nicer.	
Jan 2 2009	Good in Parts	First of all, this is the Super 8 CLOSEST to Fisherman's Wharf. That does not mean close. It would not be decribed by most people as within walking distance. The rooms are perfectly clean and adequate and the location is good for restaurants, shops, public transport. Breakfast area was a joke - when it opened - which was invariably about an hour later than advertised. The couple running the reception desk were more concerned with looking after their baby, quite rightly some would say, than with running their business. Do not try to book a taxi through the motel. I asked and was amazed to overhear the conversation where the motel reception asked the taxi firm to add $35 on for their cut. We knew the fare should be about $12-$15 so were amazed to be told that it would be $80! Needless to say we declined and got one outside for the $12 we expected to pay to the cruise terminal.	
Oct 13 2008 	Not worth the money!	I stayed at this hotel with my mom on our trip to San Fran to check out Pier 39 and Fisherman's Warf. I booked this hotel because I thought it would be within walking distance of the Warf. It is not within walking distance, in my opinion. It took us over an hour to walk there and we took a taxi cab home (taxi cost $10 if that gives an indication of how far it is)Also, the room was sub-par at best. I payed $ 169 a night for 2 nights. The room was old looking, the bathroom door wouldn't stay shut. It didn't have an alarm clock in the room. Could hear noise all night long. The free breakfast consisted of cold cereal (fruits loops and corn flakes), pre-packaged danishes and orange or apple juice.I wouldn't recomend staying here unless your options are limited.	
Sep 7 2008 	Don't book your room directly with this place - go through super 8	We reserved 2 rooms at this place for Saturday, September 6 at the exhorbitant price of $149 plus taxes for a Super 8. Not exactly a budget motel in my opinion. The woman who took my reservation was being distracted constantly by small children in the background and took a long time just to book the room. I was given a confirmation number for my reservation and wrote it down. Within hours of making my reservation, I called back to cancel because I got a better deal elsewhere. The second call was handled by a man who again was constantly distracted by small children in the background, these were not children of guests as the people that I was talking to were dealing with the children as parents. When I completed the cancellation, I asked specifically for a cancellation number and was told that my cancellation number was the same as my confirmation number and that I would receive an email confirming so. I never received the email and should have called them back but didn't feel the need and actually forgot about the whole thing. Until today....When I checked my card balance online this morning I found that I have been charged $400 for two rooms that I cancelled the same day that I made the reservation!!!!! Upon calling the motel, I was told by the manager that I never cancelled the room because it would show in their system. I was also told that they would have given me a cancellation number had I cancelled and since I do not have one, then my reservation was never cancelled. So I am being overcharged for 2 rooms that I did not use based on the mistake of the front desk operator. I cannot even rate this motel because I didn't stay there last night in the rooms that I obviously didn't know were there for us. My advice - don't call this place directly if you want to book a room, go through Super 8 reservation system so that you talk to a professional and get the information you need.	
Jun 25 2008	Decent but some better options near by	I travel through S.F. 2 times per month on business. There are several good (and a few bad) hotels along Lombard St. The Super 8 is OK but not great. My room was fine and had some nice updated furniture and TV. There was a piece of hard candy on the carpet when I checked in and some hair stuck to the bottom of the bathroom door which leads me to believe that the cleaning was not thorough. Parking here is limited and first-com-first-served with very small, difficult spaces. The wireless internet worked but was very, very, very slow.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great Place. Right Price	Myself and two others stayed in a room here for two nights. I have to admit that I was skeptical going with a small Super 8 in San Francisco, but I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms seem to have been recently updated with nice crown molding and light fixtures. The beds were actually quite comfortable and provided a good nights sleep even with two grown adults sharing one bed. The front desk folks were extremely helpful and always available when needed. I had actually seen a hotel down the street with a &quot;lobby closed for the night&quot; sign at the front door and some unfortunate man locked out and unable to check in. That was not the case at this hotel. While we were there I saw many people walk up to check availability so you can tell the location and price was right. Just a block walk from a major bus stop that brings you wherever you want! Parking is a pain with only about 8 spots for the entire hotel. I would suggest leaving your car elsewhere or not moving your car during your stay if you actually happen upon a parking spot. A great little place to stay and well worth the price! I will definitely be staying here again if I go back to San Fran on vacation.	
Apr 15 2007	Fantastic Location	After a long 'Around the World' vacation San Francisco was our last port of call, then home to Australia. Staff in attendance of this older style Super 8 Motel, welcomed us warmly, and cheerfully gave 'local' information. The spotlessly clean double room had everything you need and everything worked. This area is a haven of stylish Restaurants and trendy little shops; a wonderful surprise for us, not knowing the area. Bus's in the street behind the Super 8 were frequent and took us to the City Centre &amp; back; and just a short walk from the 'stop' to Fisherman's Wharf (where we spent a lot of our time). I would sincerely recommend this great little Motel to anyone wanting a clean &amp; tidy base whilst checking out the fabulous area of Fisherman's Wharf. Couldn't fault the fantastic customer service from Staff.	
Mar 12 2007 	Typical city motel	Somewhere to place your head as we were on a very tight budget. Couple in early 30s no airs or graces service or smiles just basic accomodation that some may find to seedy &amp; intimidating?For backpackers &amp; budget holiday or stay.We walked to the city daily &amp; though the area was fine with a nice Jazz bar &amp; restaurants nearby.	
Oct 30 2005	Caveat Emptor	Dirty, bad service, marginal location at best. We had reservations for several days but left after one night after being shocked by the totally sub standard conditions and location. Don't be deceived by some of the more gentle reviews, this motel is to be steered clear of.	
Oct 24 2005	Avoid this dump	We stayed at this run down, elevator free hovel on October 22, 2005 and we will not be back. When my husband, kids and I arrived after a day of driving at 4:00 p.m. in the afternoon, we were told our rooms were not ready and we had to wait. And when I mean wait, we are not talking about a comfortable lobby (they don't have a lobby) but out on the street with our suitcases. When we tried to put our luggage in the rooms, it looked like Guns and Roses had just checked out. When I tried to ask the maid how long it would be, she snarled at me in Spanish and turned on her heel. We finally were able to get in our rooms over an hour later, no apology was made or attempt to compensate us for being inconvenienced. The parking situation was horrid, first come first serve in a microscopic parking lot on site, and the wireless internet never worked the whole weekend. When I called to complain I was told it was working fine earlier in the week and they could not help me. This place and is cold, bleak and wretched. Yuk! I would sooner sleep in my car than return to the Fisherman's Wharf &quot;Super&quot; 8 Motel.	
Oct 14 2005	Good value	clean, run by a pleasant couple, free parking a bit tight -- don't come in a SUV, free continental breakfast, suprisingly quiet despite busy Lombard Street, good value in a good location.	
Jul 31 2005	Good Value	This was a deal for the area! Clean, freshly painted, and while we were there, undergoing a rennovation. Limited parking, but management was very accomodating and we were able to get a space within an hour of arrival and did not have to move the car during our 4 day stay. Easy access to public transportation. (Bus 30 stops 1 1/2 blocks away and takes you everywhere you want to go!)This property is reminiscent of the old motor-court style motel, an enclosed &quot;fortress&quot; with parking on the ground floor and rooms on levels 2 and 3. Clean and comfortable rooms with big whirlpool tubs. We were traveling with 2 teenage girls with their own room and we felt very comfortable and secure in this property.	
Aug 17 2004 	Super 8 Motel - Lombard St.	Great place to stay for budget-minded individuals.I want to spend my money on meals and destinations, not motel rooms where all I do is sleep.The owners are very generous with their time and can help anyone who isn't knowledgeable about the City. For those looking for a weekend getaway in a comfortable and safe surrounding, I'd recommend this place without hesitation.	
Feb 27 2004	Acceptable but they got me angry...	Not only did they FORGET to call me for my wake-up, they tried to blame me for it. It was only after the husband told the wife that he wrote it down but didn't enter it in their system did she (grudgingly) acknowledge it wasn't my error.They didn't even cut me a break on the bill for making me late for my meeting, OR for finding them another guest that needed a room for the night (who was at the same meeting).The rooms were adequate; there was a nice top-floor outdoor patio; outdoor hallways. But for the hassles THEY caused ME, I think I'll go down the way to the Days Inn or Pacific Motor Inn (for pretty much the same $).	
Sep 5 2003	Charming Host and Hostess!	The hotel itself (motel, really) is pretty average--except that it is run by a very pleasant couple. That tends to elevate it. Would recommend as a no-frills place to stay if you need to be in the Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco.	
Aug 11 2009 	très eloigné de fisherman's wharf accueil déplorable cher !!		
Jul 18 2009 	A fuir.		
Jan 8 2009 	A éviter absolument !!!!		
Aug 19 2008 	Albergo nella media		
