Nov 20 2009 	Back to Handlery Union Square -after ten years	We decided to book the same hotel we stayed in in 1999 because of the loation. The double room we got this time was a bit shabby, the AC did not work properly but nights were cool in late September and early October so we didn't complain. The room on the 7th floor with windows above the pool area meant that it was pretty quiet too. The bathroom was clean and OK, beds big as usually in the US. The reception was fast, polite both when checking in and when leaving. We had all our breakfasts at the Daily Inn restaurant, the breakfast menu was actually quite satisfactory as we favor a lot of fruits in the morning. All in all we can recommend Handlery as a priceworthy alternative in downtown San Francisco but rooms need refurbishment -maybe this process has already started?	
Nov 20 2009 	Best Location lovely hotel fantastic staff	Had an amazing trip, service from the staff went beyond the call of duty, went on to travel to Vegas and Santa Monica, but friendliness and professionalism from this hotel spoilt us because it did not match this hotel. Could not ask for a better situated hotel.Excellent	
Nov 20 2009 	Brill Birthday	We arrived here after a week in Vegas and to celebrate a birthday on the 11th,( do not get the BART from the airport) what a fab location, met by very friendly staff, room was excellent have no idea what the view from the window was but we didnt go all that way to look out of the window.This hotel is spot on.	
Nov 17 2009 	check in mix up staff not helpful	We booked through Gold medal in january 2009 and paid in full. Problem booking in as hotel had no room for us despite having our money for 10 months. Gave us a family room for four adults. We sorted the following day with travel company but hotel extremely unhelpful. All in all not a nice experience. Staff overall were unhelpfull and not very friendly. Also advertised as in Union Square when really Geary Street. Would not book again.	
Nov 15 2009	Fantastic	I booked this hotel as I previously worked for a tour operator, and this was one of our biggest sellers in San Francisco - now I can see why!Set in a brilliant location, right next to union square, it is perfect for shopping and picking up sightseeing tours.There is also a cable-car stop nearby which takes you straight to Fisherman's Wharf, and runs until after midnight.The staff were helpful, and all very friendly.My only small complaint, is that the rooms can be quite noisy at nightWe had an interior room, with a nice view of a brick wall (didn't bother us, because how much time do you spend in the hotel looking at the view anyway?) But there were fans outside our window which ran all night!Double glazing would help, which I hear the outside rooms have, so it might be worth the upgrade - but despite this I would defintely stay again	
Nov 11 2009 	LOVELY	Stayed here to visit San Fran. it was perfect for the shops but quite a walk to Fishermans Wharf [get a tram ]. The room was clean, the bed comfy, the shower hot and you can smoke on the balcony providing you close the patio doors. Would highly recommend and would stay there again	
Nov 9 2009 	Felt like royalty	I am a tough critic but super appreciative when it is done right! The Handlery not only nailed our stay but far exceeded my expectations. When we arrived to the City it was a breath of fresh air to walk into the hotel and have my six year old son (with lots of energy) greeted as kindly as I. Upon checkin I was also greeted by the GM as well letting me know that my stay was very important to him and to personally let him know if I needed anything. After my husbands birthday dinner we walked into our room with chilled champagne and an amenty basket of goodies (including goldfish and cookies for the kids). This hotel thought of not only the adults but also the sometimes over looked children.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any and all who ask.The beds were comfortable. The pillows were heavenly. The location is perfect. But the service was AMAZING!	
Nov 6 2009 	PERFECT	We loved the ideal location for shopping, trams, buses etc. Our room overlooked the swimming pool and we were able to smoke on our balcony!! It was quiet and the pool area provided peace and tranquility from the bustling city. Reception staff were very helpful, pleasant and accommodating. Would stay here again no probs.	
Nov 4 2009 	Perfect location for city break	This hotel is perfectly located in the shopping and theatre district of San Francisco, which means that everything is just a short walk from the hotel. This does mean though that if you have a street facing room, you MUST take ear plugs as there is no double glazing.The public transport routes are also right on the doorstep so it means you have quick and easy access to the whole city (a daily pass is $9 or a single bus ticket is $2, though this allows travel for a further 90 mins if you want to swap buses). I would recommend the hop on/hop off super bus tour (blue bus) as a way to get to grips with the layout and size of the city once you arrive, plus you can learn some amazing facts from the eager tour guides...great for pub quizzes!!The Daily Grill restaurant isattached to the Handlery and has an excellent menu, though I never managed to get beyond the amazing pork chop in blackberry sauce - wow! The main road nearby, Powell, has too many eating places to list, though Cafe Bellini deserves a special mention for its great breakfasts and dinners, which are very reasonably priced. The ferries are very straightforward to get to by bus and offer a cheap way to get close to Alcatraz if you don't want a full tour and then gives you a stop in Sausolito, which is an idyllic coastal 'village'.We took the evening Alcatraz tour (4.30pm) which menat that we arrived in the light but managed to see the sunset over the Golden Gate Bridge before we left the island after dark. This tour has only one boat load, rather than the regular 3 or 4 during the day, so you really get a feel of the place and can find yourself being the only one in the main cell building - quite a chilling experience!A ride west (to 33rd) on the 38 bus, from outside the Handlery, takes you to the golf course at Lincoln Park which is the home to the Legion of Honour Museum, a small and welcoming art museum. The museum looks over the bay to the bridge and beyond to the centre of the city, so cameras are essential! It's a great city for walking so comfortable shoes are a must!	
Nov 2 2009 	Loved San Francisco	Five of us stayed for four nights and the hotel were great sorting out the accommodation, they put us in two adjoining rooms which was perfect. We were in the older part of the hotel and on the 6th floor which was fine. Catherine the receptionist was a great help when we were trying to check in online to return. Fantastic location for Westfield Shopping and Union Square.We hired a car and drove to the Gilroy outlet center which was about 80 mins away, great bargains, the following day we went to Sausalito which was fabulous. Spent the rest of the time enjoying San Francisco, Alcatraz, Fishermans Wharf etc. Drove down Lombard Street which was fun. Walked a lot as well, easy city to get around by foot or car. Willl definitely go back and would stay at Handlery.	
Oct 30 2009 	Two hotels in one	I was most impressed with the location and my room could not have been better for the price. I had just left the Hyatt at Fishermans War. and this room was so much better. It was in the new part and had a balcony so you could sit and view the activity. The staff was extremely nice.	
Oct 30 2009 	Good Stay at a Great Location	When we first got our room, my husband and I were disappointed with small size of the room and the lack of a view given the cost. However, we decided not to ask for a bigger room as the king size bed, which took up most of the room, was the most comfortable bed we had ever slept in. We found the staff in the hotel to be very helpful - especially the concierge (great directions and liked his recommendation of the Hunan Home restaurant in China Town) and one of the maids. She offered to clean up the room even though it was not one of the rooms on her list and it was the end of the day. I forgot to remove the &quot;don't disturb sign&quot; and didn't discover it until 4pm. The hotel was very clean and because we had an inside room (no view) we were not disturbed by any noise from the street or other guests. Word of Advice: Avoid the convenience store near the hotel at the corner of Geary and Mason (395 Geary St.) called the &quot;International House of Wines&quot;. We were charged $5.00 U.S. for a large bottle of water that cost $1.99 or less at the nearby Walgreen stores (two locations near the hotel: 1) Geary St near Taylor and 2)Stockton near O'Farrell). The price for pop was also very inflated. There were no prices on the items and I think they charge foreigners more because they think they may not be familiar with the cost of items in the US. On the postive side we rented bikes from a nearby Blazing Saddles outlet (on Mason just up the hill from Geary St) and had a great day biking over the Golden Gate Bridge into Salsalito. The bikes were comfortable and of good quality and the routes were well laid-out and easy to follow. It was well worth the money. The trip to Alcatraz is also worth it, but remember to buy your tickets in advance over the internet. SF is a fantastic City but they need to deal with the large number of homeless people begging. It got to be too much at times!	
Oct 27 2009 	Affordable- big rooms - hot pool	In these times of tiny rooms this hotel offers big rooms and great location by Union Square. Annex to the hotel lobby you will find a fine restaurant that has hearty breakfast a la carte.	
Oct 25 2009 	Welcoming hotel super location fab city	My wife and I stayed at the Handlery for a couple of ‘stop-off’ nights on the way back home to the UK from our honeymoon tour of the Hawaiian Islands. We arrived late at night but we were greeted by a friendly member of staff who checked us in quickly and efficiently. Unfortunately food was not available at the hotel at that time of night, but she was helpful in pointing us to a couple of 24 hour diners close by. We were made to feel especially welcome when we got to the room, with a bottle of champagne and hamper of snacks waiting for us and congratulating us on our honeymoon, making the fact our holiday of a lifetime was coming to an end much easier to bear! The room was great, if a little small, and the bathroom clean and stylish. We did have to make a couple of attempts to try and turn off the air-con which was a little noisy.The ’Daily Grill’ hotel restaurant was fab – very stylish and cool – and the food was good. Location was excellent and San Francisco was easy to get around from where we were staying. We loved the city and would have no hesitation in booking this hotel again if we return.	
Oct 23 2009 	Good hotel but staff noise in hall could be avoided.	Front desk and bell staff - excellent. A fairly pleasant hotel. Did find the room very plain and a bit drab. I was unaware of the updated section. While trying to work in the room I was disturbed several times by the housekeeping staff having conversations up and down the hall which for some reason required yelling.I do note that the owner views the reviews on this site and gives comment. I give this an A plus.	
Oct 23 2009 	Handlery helped us have a great honeymoon!	After our unfortunate incident with the Nob Hill Hotel, the Handlery Hotel was perfect! We stayed with them for five nights in SF. We booked the rooftop garden suite, which was gorgeous! We had a sitting area outside, a queen size bed, small interior sitting area, and a small kitchenette (fridge, microwave, sink).The location is great, tons of shops and restaurants within just a couple blocks. We ate at the restaurant downstairs, and it's very good. The staff was incredibly helpful, especially the concierge, who helped us get dinner reservations and tell us how to get places.Everything was very clean and well kept. We didn't use the swimming pool, but it looked very pretty and cleam. A BIG thank you to Jon Handlery and his staff for the complimentary flowers, snacks and champagne! You guys really made our honeymoon great!	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location - ok stay	This hotel wasn't bad. What makes it is the location! I ran the Nike Women's Marathon and needed a hotel last minute. I couldn't have picked a better location. The hotel was a bit pricey for one night but I think it was because of the event and we were right in Union Square. The rooms are a bit small but we didn't mind since we were only there one night. If we were going to stay longer we would have picked a different room -- or a different hotel depending on the price. The only downside - parking! Parking was horribly expensive. With tax it came up to $42/night. YIKES!All in all, this was a charming hotel. I will probably stay here again with hopes of getting a bigger room.	
Oct 18 2009 	Small rooms service ok	We checked into the Handlery for 5 days. The room was tiny for two queen beds. We barely had room to walk around. The noise level was tolerable, but quite noisy, especially the guy playing the steel drums in the street. It was a one of the cheaper hotels in the heart of Union Square. We booked it not knowing a thing about the San Fran area. I would not stay here again. And the worst part, you had to PAY for Wifi! We are in 2009 people...get with the program!	
Oct 11 2009 	A Tale of Two Hotels in One	American Express Travel found this on a very busy weekend in SF. Rate was reasonable, $179, but in SF that does not get much. Checked into room 338, and...OMG. The room was tiny, old and delapidated. The bed was barely a twin, and it was for two people. Even at $179, my wife and I couldn;t do it. Ran to the lobby and asked for another room and...voila...there is another section of the Handlery that is in fact a &quot;modern&quot; property. FOr $30 &quot;upgrade&quot; we got clean, well appointed (hey a shoe buffer!) and king size bed. We thought we died and went to heaven. We found the staff great...surprisingly John the Concierge has two sets of golden keys, and was very helpful. even the front desk clerk asked us if the room number - 666 - was a problem. He was serious!I need to keep in mind the cost-value equation at downtown SF hotels - the Marriott or Nikko or Hyatt are all well north of $250 these days - but to be honest, the Handlery is a pretty good deal if you can get the upgrade to the modern section. The old section is just that - old. not quaint. not &quot;old san francisco&quot;. Just old.Would also have liked to have a valet park our car - but that is just me being a snob. And finally..the noise. the primary reason i would say think twice about the Handlery on an ongoing basis. Sliding single pane glass door - felt like the trucks and cars were driving in our room. Had to turn on the airconditioning to try some white noise. But for location..location..location...cannot be beat unless you are at the St Francis. So have a couple of nightcaps and the noise won;t bother you!	
Oct 10 2009 	Brilliant location good value we'd come back	We're a family of 4 and stayed in a Queen+Queen room for 4 nights. It worked really well - and with location right next to Union Square is very handy to everything.We didn't dine in the Hotel - there is a good range of 24hr Diners around, and also the cafeteria at Macy's and at Bloomingdales. And from what we can gatther you pay 14% 'occupancy tax' for all Hotel related expenditure (including rooms, parking and we assume meals?). Parking is expensive at $38/day (+ tax 14% + gratuity etc etc). There is no free internet (surprising in this day and age) - instead that's another $9.95 a day....Front desk and concierge were great - very helpful, very courteous. We were on the 6th floor and there was a fairly steady level of noise through to 2:30am most nights from the streets (then it went quiet!!). Still this is what we expected. At least on a couple of nights there was a great impromptu music concert from the street at about 1:30am. someone singing 'Stand by Me' at full volume as they walked (staggered?) down the street with a few others joining in....Anyway - we'd go back - despite the tax, despite the lack of internet....	
Oct 10 2009 	Great location outdoor pool perfect for us.	We had a good stay of 5 nights. Thought we werestaying in older section but after seeing small room,we were able to move to new section next to pool ata higher rate. The newer section also has rooms withbalconies that face the courtyard and pool. There wasan irish sports bar resturant next to us with a good breakfast buffet. Located close to all public transportation.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location!	My husband and I stayed at the Handlery in May this year for 3 nights. The location of this hotel is fantastic being right outside Union Square. We had a standard room which was nice, a king bed which was really comfy, and it also had a mini fridge. The concierge was extremely helpful and went out of his way to help. Their on site restaurant &quot;The Daily Grill&quot; is really good for breakfast or dinner. I highly recommend the Key Lime Pie!	
Oct 7 2009 	Good hotel good location	Stayed at The Handlery for 3 nights in September on our honeymoon&amp;had a lovely stay.Got a king size club room overlooking the swimming pool.The hotel kindly left us a little hamper of goodies for our honeymoon which we really appreciated.Great location also everything right outside the front door&amp; restaraunt next door very good with excellent staff.Our only one complaint was on checkout there was 3 que's so we joined one of them the lady then told us after 10 minutes the que should have formed in the middle this was after at least 6 people had been allowed to go ahead of us she was quite rude about it &amp; made us then go to a middle que with more people in front of us, but still a good hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	A more affordable option in Union Square area	I got one of the smaller rooms... a boutique queen size I think. I booked through the hotel, which offers a price match guarantee, and they told me that the room was on the smaller size but would be comfortable for a solo traveler such as myself. He was right on both accounts. The room was clean, the towels were relatively soft, and the bed was comfortable. This is an old building with interior draft ways, so the hotel is a bit like a maze, but I believe this helped keep things quiet, especially on a BUSY, CRAZY weekend in San Fran (Bluegrass Festival, USC/Cal game, 49ers game, and some sad-commentary-on-the-state-of-our-youth-festival called LoveFest - boy is that an oxymoron!).Parking is about $36 per night which is slightly lower than a lot of other places I called when booking. Free in and out privileges, which you likely won't need if you're staying local. The staff was pleasant and helpful, from the valets to housekeeping. I think my only minor complaints would be the old television, limited channels, and lack of free internet in the rooms. I think we've all crossed the threshold into free wifi... come on, if Days Inn can do it, so can you Handlery.The Union Square area is more of a New York vibe - the good and the bad sides. But there are some great restaurants and bars in the area and tons of shopping if you're into the major chain stores and malls. Many live theatres in the area, too. The Glide Methodist Church down the street is a standard tourist stop and has an amazing choir. It should be noted that the Handlery Hotel is very convenient to the mass transit system, too.	
Oct 1 2009 	Excellent location	Stayed in one of their better Club rooms which was nice and large with a good wardrobe area and nice bathroom. We had breakfast in the attached bar/restaurant and the food was very good.Perfect location right on Union Square and only a few minutes walk to Chinatown which has some very good restaurants, hotel also has a nice indoor swimming pool which unfortunately we never had the time to use.Very helpful staff on reception although for some reason one particular concierge was almost snooty, totally without a smile on his face and you felt like he was doing you a favour just helping you with information.Would stay here again.	
Sep 26 2009 	Convenient location and nice rooms	We stayed at The Handlery last week as we wrapped up a great week of vacation in Northern California. We liked the convenient location of The Handlery and the walk to/from the BART station was easy. Also nice to be near the cable car route since that was on our list of things to do.The room was nice. Comfortable bed. Having the mini fridge was also convenient. Even having a full size tub was a pleasant surprise. Herme was GREAT! There is a reason that he was employee of the year. After the front desk accommodated our early check-in, he helped us with getting our luggage to the room, back down the next morning to their storage area, and did it all with a smile and great attitude. He also provided some great suggestions/advice as to how to get around town. Priceless as we wouldn't have even known on our own.We didn't have as great of an experience in working with the concierge though. While he wasn't rude, he didn't seem to match the friendly and personable attitude that the rest of the staff seemed to have. Certainly an area we saw as an improvement.	
Sep 24 2009 	Don't look anywhere but the Handlery ...	We first stayed at the Handlery in December 2008. Our visit in September 2009 was like a homecoming - made so enjoyable by the friendly welcome from the staff. Hermie, as before, is a star and it was lovely to see him again.Our room was large, comfortable and spotlessly clean, likewise the bathroom which also had plenty of quality towels. Location is wonderful too - at the far corner of Union Square there was someone playing some hauntingly lovely trumpet music; nearer to hand there was a jazz quartet warming up - and all this free of charge!We are looking forward to our next trip to San Francisco and hope that, again, there will be a room for us at the Handlery.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location	This hotel was recommended by friends and was as they said in a great location right in the heart of Union Square with a tram stop right at the end of the road which takes you straight down to Fishermans Wharf. Super shops all around the hotel and easy to get to all the main sights. Rooms spacious and comfy, we asked for a quiet rooms after reading all the reviews of noise and we worth doing as the street is very busy however our view was certainly not great but at least we got a quiet room and some sleep. The restaurant is also open to the public and breakfast is good however I have never been to a hotel where there bar closes at 10pm in the evening ! the only other complaint was the parking which is so very expensive at $38 PLUS tax per day and again open to the pulic and their charge is only $2 per day more than if you stay at the hotel which I think is a bit of a cheek as normally if you stay at a hotel you get a reduction better than just $2. Otherwise the hotel is ideal especially as you are hardly ever in the hotel and the location is perfect. Fishermans Wharf is great to visit but I much prefered staying in Union Square.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good location	We stayed here 10 years ago and were very impressed. It is now beginning to look a little shabby and dated. The rooms however are clean and comfortable. The reception staff were pleasant and helpful when approached but did not volunteer any information and tips as was offered on our last visit.It is excellently situated and I would still recommend it as a central and convenient location in the city.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great location and very helpful staff	My wife and I recently visited San Francisco for our wedding anniversary. This hotel is in a great location. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that is wanting to take in the sights. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. We even were greeted by Mr. Handlery when we checked in and a complimentary gift basket with wine was delivered to our room in celebration for our anniversary. The room was just right. Plenty of room and the bed was very comfortable. We had a Club King which overlooked the pool area. Very nice touch. Thanks Handlery for a great visit!	
Sep 14 2009 	Great value great staff!	Our stay in the Handlery was memorable for all the right reasons! Firstly, they were very accommodating to our family. We are 2 adults and 3 kids, aged 14,11 and 8. They provided a rollaway bed for the youngest (for a small fee) so that we could all stay together and avoid the expense of 2 rooms. Our first night was in a room overlooking the street and was just too noisy for us rural folk! The switch was achieved with no fuss and after a day sightseeing, the staff had moved all of our bags to our new room. The next room overlooked the pool, on the fourth floor and was really quiet. The kids enjoyed the small yet adequate open air pool, and we appreciated the efficiency of room service. The night reception staff in particular were really helpful on where to visit. Matt was a gem! A really lovely hotel in a stunning city.	
Sep 12 2009 	Great location	We booked The Handlery based on the reviews on TripAdvisor, and the fact that Mr Handlery replies to all the reviews - that shows a real interest in his customer base.We stayed on the 5th floor of the Club Section, and the room was excellent. Bigger than we'd expected, and the hotel supplied us with a rollaway bed for the 10 year old free of charge. Nice little &quot;walk-in dressing room&quot; bit that leads to the bathroom.Excellent location - close to everything, the cable car, good restaurants, shopping.The only disappointments:- we were given a late checkout time of 2:30pm (our flight didn't leave till 9:00pm), but when we arrived back at the hotel at 1:30pm, our room card didn't work - &quot;it stops automatically after 12pm&quot;. I walked down to reception to get a replacement, but that didn't work either. Finally the bellman was sent up, and I'm sure he's seen many many guests who just can't work the card properly, but he did treat us as though we were idiots to start with .... when his own card didn't work he changed his tune, and he had to use his master card.- no elevator that goes from the main hotel part to the Club Section. We used the wheelchair elevator to get our bags down when we left.- the noise from O'Farrell Street - the first night we thought we must have left the sliding door open, but no! But I do understand it's a hotel in the middle of the city, so our earplugs came in handy.	
Sep 9 2009 	brilliant short break	we stayed here for 4 nights before travelling on to vegas. we went for a honeymoon and it couldn't have been more perfect. very friendly staff on arrival. Ice bucket with champagne in our room. very comfortable room, very clean. The hotel was in an excellent location right in the centre of union square so you will never get bored! The hotel swimming pool is a nice area although we didnt really get to use it because of the weather! The hotel restaurant &quot;the daily grill&quot; was excellent food and very good value for money! Reception staff were very friendly and helpful!All in all a wonderful trip and I would definitely stop at this hotel if I went back to San Francisco	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel	Spent 4 nights at this hotel and it was great. The location is superb (dont stay in Fishermans Wharf it is a bit tacky and is really quiet at night) you are on the doorstep of so many things - the Hop on/Hop off bus tour pick up is a 2min walk away (outside Macy's) the F train stop (takes you to Alcatraz pier and Fishermans Wharf) is 10mins walk, shops and shopping centre 5-10min walk. Cable car stop round the corner.We were celebrating a wedding anniversary while on holiday and the hotel had a note of this so when we checked in the General Manager came to meet us and wise us a good trip. When we got to our room we had a bottle of Champagne and a snack basket waiting for us, it was just such a nice touch, that was totally unexpected.The room was spacious and very clean. The only drawback was our room was at the from of the hotel so was very noisy at night.We never used the pool and only found it on our last night but it looked very nice.I would definately recommend this hotel to singles, couples (of all ages) and families and if going back to SF again this hotel would be top of my list.	
Sep 3 2009 	great service..noisy but	We stayed for three nights in mid sept. amenities and staff were excellent. street noise was dis concerting..but locality made up for any shortfalls,	
Sep 2 2009 	A remarkable value !!!!	My friend, being my adult daughter, decided that she wanted to go into the City from Santa Cruz where we live for a birthday dinner. It just made more sense to get a hotel than to drive back home that same night. We were amazed to find such a great hotel at the last minute with such an affordable price tag in such a fantastic location. After returning from a wonderful dinner late in the evening, we were able to walk around Union Square and enjoy the summer evening. The next morning we walked to breakfast and shopped, all the while leaving our car parked at the hotel since we had 24 hours from the time we had checked in which was about 4 the previous afternoon. My granddaughter's birthday is coming up and we have decided to come up there once more and hopefully be able to stay at the Handlery. The entire staff was very nice and the hotel itself was just fantastic !!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Comfortable but requiring renovation	Spent 4 nights on level 3, very squeaky floorboards, single glazed window and a view of a brick wall. The room in all fairness was spacious and the bathroom was clean and also spacious. Good location for shopping and food establishments, the hotel in our opinion just needs a good facelift as it's a bit tired and run down.	
Aug 30 2009 	20th Anniversary	My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Handlery Union Square as the last part of a multi city break to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary and couldn't have been happier with it. The hotel has a very unique charm that fits perfectly into San Francisco, and the staff are very warm and friendly. When we arrived we were greated like friends , checking in very quickly, congratulated on our anniversary and given a very large room on thr 7th floor ( 715 ) this was right at the front of the hotel with a large bay window and 2nd single sash overlooking the street, and also a 3rd sash window on the side of the room looking right out over Union Square. The room was perfectly clean and well equipped with everything we might need including a fridge and coffee maker. We freshened up that 1st day and went out for a walk down to the Whalf and on our return found a bottle of wine and hamper had been placed in the room as a congratulations. This was very unexpected and touching. I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling and staying in San Francisco, as it is in the perfect location right on Union Square, the staff are 2nd to none, rooms charming and there is also a very nice clean heated pool if you can find the time for a swim in such a busy exciting city. If I am ever lucky enough to return to San Francisco I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Aug 30 2009 	Nice people good location but a bit cramped.	As others have said, this is a decent hotel in a great location but the rooms are too small. We had booked a customised 'package' with a holiday company who had chosen this hotel for us. We (married couple with teenage son) had a double double in the 'historic' part of the hotel. We had been to the States many years before and remembered the large beds - we assumed these would be 'queen' beds but in fact they were really quite narrow and slightly cambered making sleep for the jet-lagged couple really quite difficult. We managed to upgrade after two nights to a bigger room with a king bed plus pull-out sofa bed but the teenager found this a bit lumpy and struggled to have a comfy sleep himself. The upgrade cost $20 per person per night. The bathrooms are also small with a light switch that we struggled to find at first glance.However, the staff were accomodating and really quite kind when our son was ill on the day we were due to check out, extending the time by an hour and a half to let him catch up on his sleep. Overall, my advice would be, unless you are on your own or are people who can sleep anywhere, check in advance what size bed(s) you will get and be prepared to spend more for bigger.	
Aug 29 2009 	Very Pleasant Stay...	We spent three nights at the Handlery, as the start of our trip driving down the west coast from San Francisco to LA. We found the staff to be pleasant and very helpful. Our room was very clean and spacious. The pool was never crowded and we parked our car for free in the parking underneath the hotel. It's a great location from which to explore the city. The attached restaurant is quite expensive, and there are other places to eat that offer a wider variety for a better price. We'd definately go back.	
Aug 28 2009 	Good Location - Less than adequate rooms	The location is great for exploring San Francisco but the parking is expensive if you have a car. The rooms (we stayed in the Historic rooms) are shabby and seiously need redecoration. There are stains on the carpet and soft furnishings. Our bathroom was small and the lock on the door did not work. The view from our room was a wall. We requested an upgrade to a room in the Club section but were told there were none available. If I were travelling to San Francisco again I wouldn't choose to stay here.	
Aug 27 2009 	Comfort in San Francisco	Have stayed here many times during the past 15 - 20 years and have always enjoyed the stays. The rooms are usually very clean and comfortable. The location is also very convenient. The bellmen and front desk are extremely helpful. They will try to accomodate you in most circumstances. Ask for Hermie, since he's always cheerful and willing to help.	
Aug 24 2009 	Adequate	Decent hotel if nothing special. Tiny bathroom but otherwise the room was OK. Friendly and helpful staff. A handy base for exploring the city - use the trams rather than cable cars which are merely a tourist attraction and have long queues.	
Aug 24 2009 	Choose your room with care	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in August. The front of house staff member was unsmiling but efficient at check in.Our two rooms were &quot;Club &quot; rooms and overlooked onto the street which had a pub virtually opposite. Unfortunately the noise from the pub was loud and meant most nights we were disturbed. Maybe triple glazing would help.The hotel has a room in the lobby area with computer terminals available for use at $5 for 20mins, ideal when travelling with teens. The rooms themselves were large with comfortable beds and co-ordinated soft furnishing.  There was adequate tea and coffee making facilities and each room had a small fridge for milk if you did not want to use the powder milk provided. The bathrooms were provided with toiletries and bathrobes, towels appearred to be changed daily irrespective of wether used ones had been hung up. The pool area had loungers and chairs but no pool towels available. Unfortunately this also appearred to be the area that was used by smokers resident in the hotel. This hotel is very well placed for shopping and sightseeing and the concierge was extremely helpful with maps, and advice. I would stay at this hotel again, but I would ask for a pool view room next time.	
Aug 21 2009 	Good hotel and better location	We stayed here on the first part of our trip to San Fran, Vegas and LA. We arrived from Heathrow to San Fran around 5pm and got to the hotel by taxi which cost $45. Check in was fine but did have to leave a deposit of $200 for incidentals even though the room had been paid for and we did not want phone, or anything charged to room. Hotel room was fine with 2 double beds for 3 of us with a bathroom. All the room and bathroom were clean and an ok size the beds were very comfortable! I do think the furnishings need a bit of an update though. The location of the hotel is great right on Union Square, with a cable car and bus tours a two minute walk away. Shopping here is great and there is a Macys with a cheesecake factory across the road and other shops like Saks, Tiffany, Gucci, Dior etc in Union Square. There is also a Mall just down the road with a good selection of shops. Overall had a lovely stay here and if I was go back to San Francisco I would stay here again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Location location price	Having read previous reviews that were a little mixed I was looking out to make sure our two room, 6 person visit was not spoiled by service and quality issues. Shouldn't have worried!First the location is just about perfect for anything you could wish for to enjoy SF. 1 1/2 blocks to the F Line (Do that!) Two blocks to the Powell cable car turnaround, Four easy blocks to Chinatown. Almost literally on Union Square. Probably 40 quality restaurants with a range of prices and fares within a 10 minute walk, and on and on.And the price - Under $200 all inclusive at the height of the tourist season. No shorting on amenities either - in-room coffee, safe, heated pool, informed concierge, friendly staff, large, clean, quite room, fridge and an in-hotel parking garage. I did not talk to one person in the hotel who was not willing to help even to the point of going out of his/her way. You could pay $150 or more for the same convenience and not measurably improve on the quality. Unless you are really into ornate lobbies.Free Internet would have made this perfect.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Handlery 2 years ago and liked it so much I returned this time to finish out a 15 day tour. It was good to see some of the old staff there, Hermie and Dale. They are both so great to deal with. The desk staff were very good also. I requested a room in the back part of the building, not on the Geary Street side. Although the room was not as nice as the last one I had near the pool; it was VERY quiet (which is what I wanted); clean; thick towels - lots of them; and the beds were comfortable. I like the Handlery because of the pleasant staff, and the proximity to so much around Union Square. Thank you, Hermie and Dale for your helpfulness and directions to get around.	
Aug 17 2009 	Hotel just off Union Square	My husband, two sons (21 and 17) and I stayed here for a week from 19th July. The hotel is just off Union Square. Round the corner is where the Powell &amp; Market tram turns to head back to Fishermans Wharf. A couple of minutes walk and you are in Union Square where the City Bus Tours start, where you can pick up various buses to get around the sites on your own and where you will find Macys plus loads of other shops. Out of Union Square at the far corner is the enterance to China Town. Great location. The hotel rooms were large enough for two people. They were nicely decorated and furnished, they had queen sized comfortable, clean beds. The rooms were cleaned daily with new bed linen and towels. Not that it was watched very much - usually for an update on the weather - but the TVs in both our rooms were old and ours didn't work too well. There was tea/coffee making facilities in the room but no milk or coffeemate? and sad as I am, but I really have to say it - the windows were dirty!! in a lovely hotel like this with lovely drapes and blinds - why didn't they clean them? We used the restaurant attached to the hotel called The Daily Grill for breakfast every morning, they had a good selection, the food was good and the staff were friendly. We had lunch and dinner on one occasion and the food and service could not be faulted. If you plan to have dinner best to book a table just to be on the safe side.The hotel has an outdoor heated pool and a sauna - but we did not use it. The reception and lobby were nicely decorated and there was an internet &quot;room&quot;. It is a lovely hotel in a great location and I would recommend it.	
Aug 17 2009 	Mystery Stains but Great Location	Let's face it. This is a 1-1/2 star hotel with a friendly staff in a great location with a nice-looking lobby. As soon as I walked into the hotel, I looked to my right and saw a sign warning about asbestos. The customer service agent was friendly though and checked me in quickly. I went up to the room and my mouth dropped. The room looked like a 1920s college dormitory room. There were unidentifiable stains on the side of the mattress of one of the beds and unidentifiable stains on the chairs in the room. I went and requested a new room. The new room was a little better. The windows were dirty, there were stains on the chairs (I declined to sit in them during my stay), the bathroom was tiny, and at least the mattress had a cover on it in this room so i hope there were no stains on it. When I took my first shower, there was hair on the shower wall. The TV was small and looked like it was from the 80s. The wireless didn't work. They also do not have a gym. It is beyond me why this hotel has not invested in some clean, new furniture. I have stayed in low-level, cheaper chain hotels with better accommodations than this. The good things about the hotel, however, are that the staff was friendly, they brought a nice gift basket to the room, and it is in a great location--right in the middle of Union Square with nearly everything you want in walking distance.	
Aug 12 2009	I am a travel agent and seen many hotels this is one of my favourites in the USA!!!	Excellent hotel, great location and lovely friendly staff. This is a more boutique style hotel in Union Square and i loved it. I would definitley stay here again. There was noise at night, but staying in Union Square you cant really get away from that unless you spend money on a fancy hotel staying on the higher floors. They also have a great courtyard/pool area, cannot fault the hotel in any way.I am planning to go back to this hotel again next year.	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Location Great Service Great Value	Our family has stayed at the Handlery on at least 6 occasions. The location is incredibly convenient for many activities in San Francisco that are within easy walking distance - shopping, movies, theatre, restaurants, museums etc. This is particularly useful for families with teenagers as everyone can do their own thing and meet up at the hotel without having to worry about public transport. You cannot fault the friendly service, particularly Hermie who goes out of his way to assist in any way he can. The rooms are comfortable and we understand that they will be upgraded next year..... can't wait!	
Aug 9 2009 	Good hotel but some road noise at front	This is a good hotel in an excellent location. However there was a lot of noise from the street - including delivery noise in the night. Having said that when we asked if we could change rooms we were given a quiet room in a different part of the hotel.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great location very busy and noisy rooms	Didn't start well - club room I had booked in March had been sold so we were shunted into standard room for first two nights. Standard room was so noisy - every footstep, hairdryer, loo flushing could be heard from above. Although rate was reduced by $100 per night this did not compensate for two sleepness nights. Last two nights in club room which far less noisy. Daily Grill (attached) was pretty good. Advice - only stay in club and take care you don't get bounced!	
Aug 6 2009 	Poor Customer Service and Facilities	The wireless didn't work. The TV didn't work. Access to rooms on the 2nd floor or higher is not easy. You need to carry your luggage up a flight of stairs to gain access to the 2nd level, from there you need to cross a courtyard to get to the elevator to any rooms on the 3rd floor or above. The hallway is very narrow and does not accommodate more than one person with luggage.	
Aug 4 2009 	Very conveniently located	We recently stayed at the Handlery for 4 nights on the last leg of our US holiday. We were greeted by the friendly young bell boy who took care of our bags while we checked in. Our travel agent had booked a club room for us and we were given a room on the pool deck, which was convenient. The room was clean and the bed very comfortable. As seems to be the norm with US hotels a coffee maker was supplied in the room but we enjoy a cup of tea rather than coffee and when the bell boy delivered our bags my husband asked if there was some way of boiling water and he returned with a plug in kettle. This hotel is convenient to everything, we used the muni buses to get around, they were cheap and easy to access and negotiate. The conceirge was very helpful with directions and questions we asked him. Our room was very quiet at night but there was a lot of pool noise from children starting at 8am which didn't worry us as we were up and ready to go by then but if you are looking to sleep late it might be a consideration. There were a lot of homeless people in the vicinity of the hotel but we didn't feel threated or frightened. We found the meal sizes in America to be about twice the size we required so we were able to get the rest boxed to go and we didn't have to go far before someone asked us for it - and it was better than the food getting thrown away. San Francisco was a lovely city to visit and the Handlery is right at the heart of it and we would definitely stay there again. Just one word of warning - it was the middle of summer when we visited and we didn't come prepared for the cold weather, we had to buy jackets and warm jumpers (sweaters) because it was freezing.	
Aug 4 2009 	Nice	I just wanted to let everyone know that the Handlery Union Square is a very nice hotel in a fairly decent area of San Francisco. There seems to be a serious problem with homeless people and beggars in San Franciso, but there were not any on Geary, I think because of the harsh wind that whips up that particular street.The hotel was exactly as it represented itself, except for one of the front desk people. She was very stern and less than friendly. Actually just a little too stern, and bordering on the verge of rude. I was actually reprimanded by her on checkout to stand away from the desk until others before me were finished checking out. She made me feel like a small child who had done something wrong. Not quite the proper handling of guests as far as I am concerned. Even the couple waiting behind me commented on her behavior towards me. There was no smiling at all from her when she checked us in or when she checked us out.Beyond that, the only thing that I was surprised about was that the hotel does not at this time have a microwave oven available to guests except in the employee lunch area. I find that when I travel, restaurants always serve too much food, and so I bring it back to my room with me. Most hotels have a microwave available for guests to use. Maybe that is just a temporary situation, but my pasta would not have been very good cold and I didn't feel comfortable intruding on the employees to warm my food.The bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. I liked the location and appreciated the fact that there were no homeless people hanging around outside the hotel, as they seem to cover every block of the entire city. I personally think the city should do something about the constant harassment for money by them. It really gets to be quite overwhelming and tiresome after a couple of days.	
Aug 2 2009 	4 nights at the Handlery	I am writing this a week after our return from California after having to go straight back to work and recovering from the jet lag!!!! Anway, The Handlery was our first hotel during our holiday in the USA, which also included Luxor at Las Vegas and Hyatt Regency, Long Beach LA. [ See seperate reviews ] We travelled from the airport to the Handlery via taxi which cost $40 inclusive of tip and took about 25 mins. Upon arriving at the entrance the bell boy was quickly at hand to help with our suitcases whilst we went to the reception desk to check in. This was completed efficiently by a nice receptionist and we were allocated a room on the 5th floor. The room was at the front of the hotel overlooking the main road. It was clean, comfortable, well furnished, free safety deposit box in your room and with a fantastically comfortable large bed.  After a short walk around outside and due to our travelling we were a bit tired that first evening, so we decided to go to bed a little early. Now being a Saturday night it was quite lively outside and with being at the front of the hotel it was quite noisy. With single glazed sash windows this didn't help but they are in keeping with character of the building. However, after that first night we settled in better and got used to the sounds and noises to be expected in the middle of a busy city. Which brings me on to my next comment... It's location. We found this to be perfect for exploring all you have to see in San Fran. The busy shops are very close at hand and include all major names. The famous trams are on your doorstep and make it easy to visit the piers and Fisherman's Wharf [ Single journey $5 ] We did not eat in the restaurant attached to the hotel but do recommend Macey's for fab food at a reasonable price. Breakfast was mainly taken at Loui's 50s style diner around the corner which was always good. Another tip is to get a pass for the hop on hop off double decker bus. Ours was for 48hrs which enables you to see all the major sites and is regular and easy. [ Pick up outside Macey's, 2 mins away ] All in all the Handlery proved to be a great choice........ Excellent location, good amenities, very clean, nice staff and if we were ever to return to San Fran we would have no hesitation in stopping at the HandleryNEXT my reviews of the Luxor and Hyatt Regency	
Aug 2 2009 	Wonderful Experience	Stayed in a Club Section King room 28/7 to 31/7/09. Room overlooked the pool and was very quiet.Check In staff were extremely friendly and helpfull - allowed us to check in early. Room was huge compared to some we have stayed in. It was spotlessly clean and was maintained that way during our 3 night stay. Room has king size bed, couch, table, fridge, safe, dressing area and well equipped bathroom. All furniture etc was in excellent condition.Concierge was also very polite and helpful and always ready to assist.Hotel is very close to cable cars, restaurants, shops etc.Would recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a clean, very comfortable hotel which in a great location. We will definately stay there again on our next visit to USA.C &amp; L Mills, Auckland, New Zealand	
Jul 27 2009 	Location!	I stayed at the Handlery on 07/25 for a run in San Francisco. The location just off Union Square was fantastic. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. I would and probably will be staying here again.	
Jul 27 2009 	An Horrendous experience	They allocated an internal facing room - no window ! well it did but with a brick wall outside it. Had to pay $40 per night to update to a Club. That room was equally bad. Tired deco, musty smelling and in desparate need to refurbishment. The whole place smelt unclean. My daughter is convinced is is Hanunted (clearly not). Dark and dsimal and VERY overpriced, we paid less per night at the Mirage in Vegas the previous week. Luckily we were only staying 3 nights, any longer and I would have found alternative accommodation. We stayed out for 12 - 13 hours a day as we could not stand to be there. On a positive, the hotel is in the best location just off Union Squre with great access to the cable cars, trams and the F line.If you want a nice hotel to enjoy after seeing the many sights of San Fran, please DONT book this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Perfect.....	Stayed in the Handlery with friends in June 2009 and have to say, it was fantastic. Clean, stylish, friendly staff and ideal location, couldn't ask for better. Best of all was the peace and serenity at night. No outside noise or party revellers (apart from us). Lovely restaurant attached too. Fab.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location Great staff	Stayed at the Handlery for the first stop on my Honeymoon. I good basic hotel in a great location, right by Union Square and near all the main roads to get to other areas of the city. Can be a little noisy but I enjoyed this as it felt like you were within the hustle and bustle of San Fran. I would recommend this place for a weekend break.	
Jul 11 2009 	great place to stay	we arrived after an exhausting 10 hour plus 4 hour delayed flight from london. the hotel staff were very welcoming, our room and bathroom excellent, location was right near union sq.and cable cars. We tried the restaurant breakfast , it was ok but expensive compared with others nearby. All in all a hotel to be recommended and we would stay there again.	
Jul 11 2009 	Room Needed A Good Cleaning	I usually book a room based on Tripadvisor reviews and this was the first time I was let down. I stayed here June 26 for 4 nights to attend a conference in the city. I reserved a Club room 4 months in advance through the hotels website. I selected a Club room based on other reviews that said the Club rooms are nicer and in the newer building. When I arrived I was told the hotel was full and they gave me a room in the old building. I had a copy of my online reservation that showed I booked, and paid more for, a Club room. The man at the desk went into a room and then came back and said they could give me a Club room facing the pool. I had room 381, which seemed to be in a section of the hotel that was in between the old and the new. It was two stories tall and surrounded two sides of the pool. It had the look of an old motor court motel with outside hallways to get to your room. I could see across the pool to the new 8 story Club section, which is where I thought I would get a room. Once I opened the door to room 381, I saw a HUGE dark stain on the carpet. There were also multiple stains on the small couch. I could tell the hotel was calling this a &quot;club&quot; room since it had bathrobes and the electric shoe polisher. I noticed the shoe polisher was unplugged due to the lower half of the electircal outlet was cracked off and missing. There was just a hole, which seemed dangerous. There was also a crack in the light switch in the bathroom. The surfaces of furniture looked clean, but any ledges on the sides were full of dust. Also, the door frame in the bathroom had a filthy layer of some nasty gunk stuck to the frame. There was a small stool that pulled out in front of the mirror to sit on when you dress. It was also stained. I booked this room for $188 a night. There are so many other small hotels in the area, I'm sure you could find a cleaner one. The main positive to the hotel is its location on Union Square-- cable cars stop right on the corner and you can walk to Chinatown. Also, there is a heated pool, which is hard to find in San Francisco. However it was cold outside and we asked if they could turn on the patio heaters scattered around the pool deck, but we were told they were broken. The linens on the bed were also in good condition. Maybe I just got a clunker of a room. I have seen the general manager respond to posts here. I would invite him to take a look at room 381 with his head of housekeeping and a staff member who could fix the electrical outlets.	
Jul 9 2009 	I guess that I am an insider:	My immigrant Irish dad was a custodian at hotels in Santa Barbara and San Franciso.Between ages eleven and eighteen, my summers were with him at the Miramar, Motecito CA. Later, as a college grad, I visited the Presidential Suite at theSt Francis, when it was vacant.Recently, I returned to the Handlery Union Square, with its perfect location, reasonable rates, good service, and fine restaurant.I liked the personal attention and courtesy that I found at the desk and during our dinner.Usually I say, &quot;You get what you pay for.&quot; With this hotel, that sound bite applies, as well as being a place with a nice staff.Bob Geary. Portland OR	
Jul 8 2009 	Beautiful Hotel great location but a bit pricey	This is a beautiful hotel in a fantastic location in San Francisco. It is very much a business hotel and I have no criticism other than the fact that when you check in they make you swipe a credit card for $75. This is not usually a problem but it took us 2 weeks to get it back, which was not the fault of the hotel, just something the bear in mind. Our room was beautiful and becasue we booked early I emailed and asked for a cheek upgrade which was given with compliments upon arrival. I wish tht we could afford to eat in the grill as the food looked stunning. I would definately reccomend this hotel. Plus you get a free newspaper every day :) x	
Jul 8 2009 	Fantastic hotel do not hesitate!	I satyed here for 6 nights in early June with my partner and two of our friends at the beginning of a tour of the California coast. We couldn't have asked for a better start: the hotel is in the heart of the city, right beside all the shops, and by tram line (Castro and Haight/Ashbury areas about $10-15 taxi ride); the staff were friendly and helpful; the hotel is beautiful, with a great internet service; and the rooms were spacious, spotless and incredibly quiet. We had a very relaxing stay. We stayed in the historic quarter, and didn't make use of the pool area, though it looked fab. The street itself has lots of great diners for breakfast. We ate in the hotel restaurant one night, which went fine up to the point I was served salmon that was completely raw in the middle: the lack of interest from the waitress, and being served the same salmon heated up (which still didn't look completely cooked) ensured we didn't go back! There are plenty of fab restaurants in the area to explore anyway (Cheesecake Factory and Foley's Irish bar being two). I would definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Place to stay and great location	A great hotel to stay in, a home away from home , Stayed for a week and the saff were realy helpfall Rooms were large and clean,Rooms made up each day early by lunch time,Asked for late check out and this wasn't a problem.Good location walking distance to all shopping and transport.Stephen &amp; Rosie	
Jun 27 2009 	just ok hotel but great location	Asked for a view-didn't get one. Chairs need to be replaced-very old and stained. Beds were great.	
Jun 15 2009 	Wonderful Stay	We recently returned to this wonderful hotel after 2 previous visits some time ago and it was great to see it's &quot;old world&quot; charm was still there. Our room (or suite) was very comfortable as was the bed. it was nice and quiet and relaxing. The reception area was very welcoming. The staff were very hospitable and eager to help you. The hotel is situated it a very central location with great resturants nearby. Our family of 2 teenage boys and my wife and myself look forward to the next time we can visit.	
Jun 12 2009 	fabulous hotel in a perfect postion	Stayed at this wonderful hotel for two nights, wished we had the time to have stopped longer. Rooms were large and spotless, beds very comfortable, bathroom was beautiful and vanity area was a lovely bonus. Couldnt fault the hotel in any way there was a lovely clean pool, computers were available for a small charge, the adjoining restaurant was great. Union square and all the fantastic shops like Macys and H &amp; M were within minutes walking distance and China Town wasnt too far a walk away either. THe old fasioned street trams and buses could be caught from outside the hotel. All the staff were very freindley and helpful. Would definitely recommend.Nicky PItts, West MIdlands	
Jun 10 2009 	Comfortable and Unique	We stayed at the Handlery Union Square hotel for a Friday and Saturday night. For our first trip to San Francisco, this was so unique and great to stay right downtown. We did not realize how close we were to subway system and to the steetcars, which made it very easy to get around the city. We found the hotel staff to be very helpful and friendly, and the room was very clean. But the best part, after walking around, was to come back to such a comfortable bed. There was some street noise, but what does a person expect when you are in a city of &quot;fun&quot;. Having a good nights sleep and a great shower is what hotel staying is about.	
Jun 9 2009 	Good Enough	We had one night to spend in SF while on our way back from Sonoma, CA and I chose the Handlery because of a great deal for $99/night. Parking was $40/night (to be expected). The room was a little on the older side, and didn't reflect what the lobby suggested. The doormen wouldn't let us use the luggage carts by ourselves which was annoying because then we felt like we had to tip the bell men. The hotel should make some carts available for the guests to use. Overall it was night, in a busy touristy part of town, close to the action. The floor was creaky and reminded me at first of being in my grandma's house, but it was nice overall.I would recommend this to a friend if they were in a similar situation where they needed to save some cash, stay close downtown and weren't staying very long. Like the title says...good enough.	
Jun 2 2009 	Will stay here next time.	We had a great time staying in theis hotel. We stayed here for a week in Oct 2008, we were in one of the rooms in the older area but didn't find it small. We were actually surprised by how big the bed was cause when we checked in they asked if we wanted to upgrade to a king, so we were expecting it to be very small. The room was fine considering we were there for sightseeing we didn't spend much time there. The location is the best you are right beside the cable car, the mall, all the high end shopping boutiques, there is a bookstore down the street, chinatown is right around the corner, and there is a starbucks down the street. There is alot of noise coming from the street we were on the second floor right in front of the building but you look out the window and watch all the psople coming and going. Next we go to San Francisco we will most definatly stay here and recomend it to everyone.	
May 26 2009 	Wonderful family hotel - visitor from San Diego	We took our first family trip with our 4 year old son to San Francisco. We stayed 3 nights and were very happy we chose this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful, attentive and friendly. The front desk manager greeted me by name the second day of our stay. There was a refrigerator in our room so our son could have milk at bedtime. The hotel made a special arrangement so we could swim at the pool of a hotel close by since The Handlery pool was being finished for a repair. The hotel is close to all in Union Square, especially the cable cars.	
May 25 2009 	Very nice!	We stayed 2 nights and wanted a balcony with outdoor seating, so chose the King Club room. It was very nice, lots of extra touches such as a shoe shining machine, an extending double sided mirror in the bathroom, and a makeup mirror with different lighting settings and a plush bench at the vanity.We had a choice of street view or pool view from our balcony. Although we knew it would be noisier, we thought the street view would be more interesting. It was both! The sliding glass door was not up to blocking out the street noise, which I think is probably not possible. However, being city dwellers anyway, street noise is normal for us and was not a problem. If you want quiet, though, request a pool view!As far as the other comments about the two parts of the hotel: it is strange, but not horrible. There are definitely ways to avoid problems.If you are driving your own car, stay in the new section. There is an elevator directly from the garage to your section. If you are not driving, stay in the original section or ask a bellman to take your luggage to the new section for you. You do have to walk a fair ways, including stairs. We mostly entered through the garage entrance (which is on the block behind, O'Farrell) even when we had been out on foot since it was more direct.There is a wheel chair lift to get to the new section from the old if you are not able to drive around to the back and enter through the garage. I think I read one review that said it was a scary elevator due to the low, exposed side walls. It is a standard interior wheel chair lift, not an elevator. They are not designed to be closed in.The location was very convenient to shopping, eating, and the theaters. We had a great time walking around the area. We had a special anniversary dinner at Morton's. It was expensive, but the food and service could not have been better. They had decorated the table and had a special keepsake menu for our anniversary.We enjoyed ourselves very much!	
May 24 2009 	for the price you can't beat it!	For 169 a night, you can not beat the Handlery Union Square! The hotel is right in middle of a great shopping district and safe area of San Francisco. It is also walking district to the convention center (about 10-15 minutes) and a short 3-5 minute walk to the Powell line trolley and Market street Muni and Bart stations. Very convenient.The room is typically very small - I stayed in the older section of the hotel. No view other than another person's room and a brick wall. Small bathroom with sink not in the bathroom but across the room (odd). TV only got 13 stations as well, but the room was comfortable enough and the bed was great. Maid service was fantastic as the room and hotel were spotless. Concierge and front desk people all very helpful as well. Internet costs 9.99 a day but I did not get good reception in my interior room, perhaps other rooms had better luck.Overall, very nice hotel for the price, perfect location!	
May 19 2009 	Perfect location	After checking the other reviews I booked a club section room at the Handlery. This did not disappoint being spacious with a balcony overlooking the pool and had all the amenities you would expect from a large city centre hotel. We could see into some vacant old section rooms and they looked a lot smaller then ours. The difference in price was not much (booked using Hotels.com) about £15 per night so well worth it if you are staying for a few days.The location is perfect! With easy access to transport and sights/shopping just a few steps away.A few small things disappointed.....there is very little city information in the room, even regarding hotel facilities...you have to contact the concierge. Unfortunately I found him to be abrupt and rude, both times while speaking to him he ignored me to chat with someone else in the lobby! The front desk staff and bellmen however were great, friendly and very helpful. We also left our room at around 1.30pm one day but when we returned in the evening our room had not been serviced. Pretty poor considering I had stayed in much cheaper motels on the same trip and those rooms were always serviced even when leaving the room at 4pm. Wifi was available but at a charge - something I expect for free when paying over $100 per night.	
May 15 2009 	Great Central Hotel for the price.	Hotel was clean and comfortable, in Geary St, very near Union Square. I had a room facing Geary Street, which was noisy, however it was great to sit in the armchair and look down at the action on the street. We were pretty busy during our stay of four nights, but we had no problems with the staff when needed. Very friendly and helpful	
Apr 30 2009 	Excellent location clean and comfortable	I was afraid of staying on this hotel because of some of the reviews. I was a grat hotel, clean and the bed was so comfortable. The restaurant was really good and the people who work there were very nice. I strongly recomend it.	
Apr 24 2009 	A wonderful experience at the Handlery Union Square Hotel	My wife and I made our first visit to San Francisco at the end of March 2009, we had the very good fortunate to stay at the Handlery Union Square Hotel for one week, which proved to be an excellent choice on all counts. Given our visit was for leisure and sightseeing, the hotels location adjacent to Union Square was perfect, it was vary easy to walk around Union Square (with it's artist's displays) and to the adjacent shops - Westfields Mall was some 300 yards away and the Powell / Market Street Cable car terminus was only 250 yards away. But back to the hotel itself - our room in the Historic Quarter of the Hotel was spacious, with a King Size bed and the decor was spotless. There was an adequate size bathroom which was kept well stocked. The facilities at the Hotel were also very good, although we did not use the Gym or the pool, we did (due to the wonderful weather during our stay) sit around around the pool to relax on some afternoons. The Daily Grill provided an excellent breakfast, although we did not eat there during the evening, (preferring to sample the various cuisines within the city) but the menu looked most inviting. Finally, the hotel staff - from our check in to our check out - all the staff without exception were most helpful and extremely courteous and the concierge was a mine of information on good restaurants, site seeing trips and places of interest - he even booked our Alcatraz Tickets for us. All in all, the Handlery on Union Square was a excellent place to stay.  A few general comments on our stay - on Market Street itself (300 yards from the hotel)one could catch trams which (Senior Citizens note that for a flat rate $1.5 per person)) went all the way to Fisherman's Wharf and the Cannery building. Prior to our visit we also pre booked (by the Internet) a City Tours and a Wine Country tour, both through a company called http://www.bitours.com/ - although the tours themselves were provided by the Great Pacific Tour Company. Both tours were very well organised (we were picked up from / returned to out hotel) and the guides were very knowledgeable and courteous. All in all, a wonderful first visit to San Francisco and a big thank you to the Handlery Hotel for helping to make it a visit to remember - one day, we will return.	
Apr 18 2009 	Fantastic location excellent staff... highly recommended..	The Handlery is perfectly located for Union Square, Shopping is a heartbeat from the door, the cable cars at the end of the road trundle past, there are lots of fantastic places to eat close by, including the Daily Grill located in the hotel. The staff were very informative, helping out with any queries we had and booking trips for us to Yosemite, and Wine Country. We were greeted by the owner, which made the trip more special. The hotel has a lovely swimming pool in a courtyard setting, perfect for afternoon rest taking you away from the city, before heading out in the evening. The room we had was perfect for us, very clean and comfortable. Highly recommend for location it is a great place to base yourself if exploring San Francisco.	
Apr 16 2009 	Needs new windows! Never again.	I stayed the Handlery 2 nights over spring break with my husband and 3 and 5 year old kids. Some web sites have this hotel as 4 stars. It is not! It’s barley a 3 star. The hotel is clean and centrally located. Those are the only pluses.At check-in we were given a deluxe room in the “newer” part of the hotel. It was a long room with small balcony overlooking the pool. The furniture was tattered and gross. I called down to ask for a for a room change. The helpful front desk changed our room to a suite in the main building. I asked if that meant that the suite was in worse shape, since it was in the older original part of the hotel. She said that it was a better room. Since it was overlooking Union Square. And those rooms do not get as much use. I should have suspected something at that point. But the suite was really charming. Big living room for the kids to run around with lots of light beaming in through the windows. Off to explore the city we went. That evening we came back to find that music from Union Square was louder in our room than it was outside on our way back to the hotel. The kids could not get sleep from how loud the noise was bouncing off the building across the street in into our suite. I called down and the same person that had help us earlier apologized and said that the band playing was doing so illegally and they are supposed to stop by 10 pm! We had the option to call the SFPD to complain. They had no control over the noise. Though she could switch us to a quieter room. Luckily we had not unpacked. I was checking out our 3rd suite with a walk-in closet. When I heard my son say “look mom we are really up high”. His head was sticking out of our 8th floor window that had been left wide open. I closed it immediately and found that the lock did not work. There was not a single safety lock on any of the 5 windows in the room. Exhausted we just went to bed. Not before finding that water pressure in this part of the hotel was abysmal. We were determined to have a good time and not spend our time switching rooms. Instead, we should have switched hotels.The problems with this hotel are far beyond the control of the staff. The problem is with those in charge who are not closing it down to make much-needed upgrades. Or even just install new double-paned windows with safety latches to keep the noise out and children safe in their rooms. The staff is doing the best they can with what they’ve got. In our case, they gave us a discounted rate and comped our parking to compensate for the hotels shortcomings. But it is was not enough.	
Apr 6 2009 	Centrally located home away from home in San Francisco	This hotel is great as it is an easy 5 minute walk from a BART station and just along the road from Macy's in Union Square.The room was reasonably sized, although the bed wasn't perfectly comfortable. The bathroom was large for an older hotel.The location made up for any shortcomings, with the helpful concierge giving directions on how to use cable cars, street cars and generally get around this delightful city.	
Mar 27 2009 	average hotel in excellent location	First I'll list the not so good:we stayed two nights at the handlery in July of 08. at that time they were doing some construction in the hotel, which meant that to walk to the lobby from the parking garage one had to go up and down some strange staircases and plywood areas, which was awkward.i'm not a picky person, but i found the staff at the handlery to be overall not very helpful and SUPER snooty. i travel a lot and have stayed at hotels running the gamut from hostels all the way up to 5 stars, and would not have expected such snobby and reluctantly helpful staff at a hotel of this supposed caliber.Also, the room was tiny and had a somewhat awkward setup.The above said, the hotel has an amazing location and the pool area is beautiful. The lobby area is also quite nice, and it was fabulous to be able to explore the union square and Chinatown areas by foot with our &quot;home base&quot; so close! We got our reservations through Priceline and I would say that it would be worth it to stay at the Handlery again, based solely on its location. However, for the full price I'm sure you could do better.	
Mar 24 2009 	Good location average rooms	We stayed at the Handlery for two nights. The hotel is located in the Union Square area and was very easy to walk to and from public transportation. The hotel staff was very nice and gave us good suggestions on places to go and dine. They were very helpful on giving me directions on how to get to the hotel from the BART.We had a club level queen room. They gave us a choice of a quiet room or one with a street view. I took the quiet room. It was located in the back of the hotel. The view was that of a college dorm. I think it was one of the dorms for the Academy of Art University. It was spring break and although some of the students were staying at the dorm the activity was not disturbing to us. The room was small and out dated but it was clean. The mattress was OK. The only thing I didn't like was the walk from the lobby to our room. We had to go through several doors, up some stairs, outside by the pool to take an elevator to our room. I would not recommend this to anyone who had mobility issues.The staff was very nice and helpful and made this a pleasant stay. I saw several other hotels I will try the next time I am in San Francisco. This was pricey for a very average stay.	
Mar 16 2009 	Simply Outstanding - Can't Speak Highly Enough!	My wife and I stayed at this wonderful hotel as part of our honeymoon. On arrival we were greeted by the owner of the hotel personally after being asked to wait a moment. He then escoted us to our room, congratulated us on our marriage and gave us information about the hotel. Shortly after getting settled in we received a basket containing fruit, nuts, snacks and wine from him. I can't speak highly of this place enough, the staff were exceptional, the rooms were clean, functional and comfortable. If I ever go to San Francisco again, this is where I will stay as this is one establishment that stands out from the crowd thanks to exceptional service. Well done and keep it up.	
Mar 12 2009 	There's good and bad in everything	Our family of three stayed at the Handlery Hotel for five nights in February 2009. My assessment of the hotel is that, as with most things, it has good and bad points, but mostly good ones. The good—the location is very convenient for shopping and transportation, the beds were perfect, and the sheet/comforter arrangement was a new concept to me, one I liked a lot (instead of a bedspread or comforter cover—which never seems clean—the comforter was sandwiched between two sheets with a small throw on top [ignored as probably not clean—see above] so we all felt great about lying on the bed to relax, which, of course, you have to do, since there are only two chairs). The toiletries provided were generous and smelled wonderful. Most of the staff seemed competent, friendly and helpful, the attached restaurant is good (not great—some things were very good, others mediocre—I’d stay away from the cheeseburger, which is way too big and pretty blah), and the staff there were all extremely pleasant.The bad—our room could have been cleaner. It wasn’t horrible, but there were coffee spots on the tray under the coffeepot that were there when we arrived and still there when we left. The floor seemed pretty clean, and the major horizontal surfaces had been dusted, but all the minor horizontal surface (for example, the top of the hairdryer, the top edges of the light switches, the smaller shelves) were quite dusty. The pipe that provided water to the toilet leaked every time we flushed, and made a puddle on the floor. We reported this at the desk when we went out for the day, and the leak seemed to be a little less when we came back, but it wasn’t fixed and we continued to have a wet bath mat on the floor. This exacerbated the damp bathroom problem—there’s no exhaust fan, so the room stays pretty humid, which is probably why there’s mildew in the grout of the shower. Our room number was 660, in the club section of the hotel. This room is immediately adjacent to the elevators, and, while they were not so noisy that they kept us awake, we could hear them quite clearly, so people who are sensitive to noises should probably ask for a different room. The other thing about this room is that it doesn’t have a little balcony, like the rest of the corridor—the sliding glass doors open, and there’s a metal railing to keep you from jumping or falling, but there’s nowhere to go but down. It was pouring most of our trip, so we didn’t miss having a balcony, but in the summer I think I would have. The base of the sliding doors—the metal frame—was quite rusted, and that further undermined my faith in the stability of the metal railing—I was afraid it would give way if my son leaned on it.We wanted to stay in and watch a movie one night, but the television couldn’t download the movie from the mother ship, or something, so we weren’t able to. The staff couldn’t fix it that night, but they did take the $12.99 off our bill (actually, they said they would, but they didn’t—if we hadn’t caught it, we would have been billed, but they were cheerful about removing it when we pointed it out).One last thing--don’t let the words “heated pool” fool you into thinking you’ll be able to swim in February, you won’t—heating keeps the temperature barely tepid, but since it’s outdoors, only a masochist would jump in. There’s a sauna, but since our key cards never worked on the door, we didn’t get a chance to see it. I see I’ve spent a lot more time talking about the bad things, and I want to make it clear that we weren’t unhappy there—they were very nice and we were comfortable, overall—but a little more attention to housekeeping, maintenance and the physical plant would move them up to another level.	
Mar 6 2009 	Best location..room quite small	Stayed back in October 2008. We arrived at 11 and was given a room straight away. After flying 15 hours from Sydney this was a nice gesture.. We booked a room one up from Petite..Queen i think? and it was very small. We rang the front desk to check if we were in the right room and they said it was. Didnt bother complaining as we just wanted to settle in.View was of a lovely cement wall. If i pressed my face against the window, I could manage to see the street. We were all the day down the back of the hotel..and the corridors did have a funny smell to it. Couldnt quite place what it was though..Beds were comfy but it seemed like it was just a double. Really old TV compared to most hotels these days.. We had to shower with the bathroom doors closed because the steam started the smoke alarm once! so its good to see that they work..We ate at the Daily Grill every morning.. Friendly service and good prices. Cant top the location.. right near the cable car and all the shops.. We just caught the BART in from the airport and walk straight up to the hotel..Staff friendly with directions and bus numbers to catch...Would stay again and reccomend to friends for the price.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great service... especially Hermie!	After some confusion about the room, which was cleared up immediately, our stay was very pleasurable, and made even more so by the amazing service we received from our bell hop, Hermie. He helped us from the moment we got to the hotel, through a room change, getting us robes, and just being on call for anything we needed. He definitely went above and beyond to make our stay fun and comfortable.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great Location and very nice hotel staff 	I came to the city with my daughter and mother for my mothers 80th birthday to have a nice dinner and see a show. I picked this hotel because it was a block away from the theater and a block away from the restaurant. My mom has arthritis so she did not want to do a lot of walking.  When checking into the hotel i met the owners daughter or grandaughter she shook my hand and said to please not hesitate to let them know if there is anything that they could help us with. I told the front desk that it was my mothers 80th birthday so they sent up to our room a very nice goodie basket with bottles of water, cookies, nuts and pretzels. I am sure if i were to get that out of a mini bar that would have been very expensive. I called a couple of days before we checked in asked them for an upgrade and they upgraded us to the newer section of the hotel for free. The room was very nice but the problem was getting there, u either need to take many stairs or an elevator for the handicap that was a little scary (not your normal elevator). I would not recomend staying in the nicer section of the hotel if u or someone in your group has a problem getting around. The location of this hotel is awesome for everthing, shopping, theater , restaurants and bars.  My daughter and i went out after we got back from the theater to a Irish pub right across the street from the back side of the hotel on O'Farrel st.. The bar was a lot of fun they had dueling pianos. I am usualy pretty whimpy about going out at nite in the city, but since the bar was right across the street i felt pretty safe.FYI they lock the hotel door at nite at the back of the hotel on O'Farrel but u can use your room key to get in. That made me feel very safe too.  I would deffinatly stay here again but just probably not with mom.	
Feb 25 2009 	Good stay not great	First of all, it really is hard to beat the location. So close to the BART, the MUNI, the cable cars, as well as all of that lovely shopping at Union Square. And if you like theater, you're in the right district.There were a couple problems. First of all there was construction going on in the hotel, and as we upgraded to the newer section before they had a lift installed, we ended up having to drag our forty pound bags up a flight of stairs when we arrived. We weren't offered a bellman that day. I'm sure that the lift is now operational so that would no longer be a problem, but it was a bit annoying. Also, the room that we were in faced a VERY sketchy building that made us uncomfortable. It almost seemed like a flop house of some kind.Secondly, our first night there we asked the concierge to call a taxi for us and he refused saying that the taxi wouldn't come. We were then told to walk to the taxi stand at the Westin and to catch one there. It's not that the Westin is far (only 1/2 a block), but I've never had a hotel refuse to call me a cab before, not even 1 - 2 star motels. But what really caused some consternation was that our bathroom wasn't cleaned the entire five days we were there. With the price that we paid, and the level of hotel that it claimed to be, that shocked us. We waited to see how many days they would go without cleaning it rather than saying anything and were surprised that it didn't happen once while we were there. The towels were gathered, but that was it. I certainly hope it was cleaned before the next guests checked in.That being said, I would probably stay there again. I'd just keep a closer eye on the cleaning and mention it when it didn't seem that things were being taken care of.	
Feb 21 2009 	Only Good if you Upgrade	The Handlrey is basically two hotels in one. Before arrival we thought &quot;wow&quot; we have run of the house in the Historic Section. After travelling the UK with prestigious historic hotels we thought this should be great. Not so. The older section of the hotel is just that, basic bed and shower affair. Upon viewing the suites in the new section it was like being in a different hotel, at a cost of course. That said, once we moved into the suites they were excellent. Plenty of space, good fittings (although new flat screen TV's would improve them even more). We had two suites for our party of 5 (Grandma, Mum, Dad and 2 kids) and had no complaints with level of service, housekeeping etc. The hotel is right next to Union Square and getting on the cable cars to Fisherman’s Wharf is a breeze. California has extremely liberal laws and beggars are a blight on San Francisco. Our younger children were often left feeling quite scared by their aggressive nature. No fault of the hotel, but if you have young children consider staying at a hotel near Fisherman’s Wharf as they don't seem to be as abundant there. Other than the high cost of internet access (US$5 per 20 mins) we had no complaints about the hotel or the staff. Special mention has to be made of the bellhops, job well done.	
Jan 28 2009 	HoneyMoon January 2009	We went to the Handlery for our Honeymoon during January 2009 where we stayed for four nights. The Hotel itself is in a great location, 30 seconds from Union Square. When we got there, we upgraded, at a cost of $40 a night, where we stayed in a suite overlooing O'Farrell Street at the back. The suite was great, and rooms very clean. During our stay, staff were friendle, and i would recommend eating at the &quot;Daily Grill&quot; which is attached to the Hotel. A bit on the expensive side, but the appertisers are a meal in themselves, so it maybe that if you are a light eater, these may suffice for an evening meal!!!! Beer was cheap, and Happy Hour is 4pm to 6:30pm each weekday evening. We also stayed the last night at the hotel, for $99, and the standard room was just as good as the suite, a bit smaller, but just as good. This hotel is a must place stay, when going to San Fran!!!!!	
Jan 22 2009 	Great location very central	We are a family of 5 from Australia and were in the States for the first time on holidays. We arrived in San Francisco on Black Friday (28th November 2008) sale day. The streets were teaming with people and cars, so we were very happy to arrive at the Handlery after driving all day from Pismo Beach.The hotel was older but situated in a great spot very central to all shopping centres, cable car stops, buses and trains. We had booked a family room and because the hotel was older in style I had no idea what to expect. I have since found out there is a newer section of the hotel but we stayed in the older section of the hotel.Our rooms contained one quite smallish room with a double bed and had a interconnecting door into another room that was very large and contained 2 single beds and a fold out sofa. Our kids had heaps of room to move around which was great as we have a 13, 11 and 8 year old.The views out of the windows over looked roof tops of other buildings as our rooms were in the back corner of the Handlery on the left handside of the building. But we weren't in San Francisco for the views, we just wanted to stay somewhere central as we didn't spend much time in our rooms as there is too much to see and do in the city.The rooms in general were clean and the location was fantastic.	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel!	The Handlery is a great hotel in the perfect location for exploring San Francisco - Union Square!We had an early check in and the Staff were very friendly and helpful and there was a bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us in our room!The rooms are nicely decorated and very clean. The only problem during our stay was the noise from the street below which woke us up quite early in the morning.Overall I highly recommend staying at the Handlery as it's within walking distance to everything, the staff are pleasant and accommodating, and the hotel is charming.	
Jan 15 2009 	Good location average room	We arrived early (11am) and were able to check-in straight away which we appreciated. However, the room was a far cry from the pictures we saw on the website when we booked it. We find this a bit annoying especially as we were here for four nights over new year. Internet access was at a fee. The location was great.	
Jan 12 2009 	HATED IT	ROOM 625: the worst stay of my life! The room smelled like dog and dirt, I had no view at all and a fan just out of my bedroom window kept running all night long. The blinders are so old, it's like full daylight in the morning. No water came out of the shower and that little water even changed temperatue by itslelf! The tab was clogged and the beds unconfortable. It was cold in the bedroom, but the heater is so noisy and loud I couldn't even sleep! Do not stay here! Yes, it is close to everything in UNION SQUARE, but it's not the only hotel there!	
Jan 5 2009 	Loved the Handlery!	I surprised my girlfriend on Christmas with a trip to San Francisco for New Year's Eve. Once I booked my flight, I found a great deal online to stay at the Handlery.Before I arrived to San Francisco, I emailed the hotel's manager, Jon Handlery, and told him this was a surprise for my girlfriend and I really wanted her to enjoy her stay there. Not only did he upgrade us to a deluxe King room, but he provided us with snacks and a bottle of wine too. Not only was Jon a great guy, but his staff was great too, especially Hermie. He was so helpful and polite.The location is the best part of the hotel. Union Square is right around the corner, as are all the major department stores. The MUNI, Cable Car and BART stops are all within walking distance. Nothing beats being in the heart of the city, and this location is it!The room itself was very spacious. The beds were comfortable and the cleaning staff were courteous and prompt in cleaning rooms. I wish the washroom was a little bigger, but it wasn't a huge problem at all.I would definitely stay here again. For the price, you won't find a better hotel at this location. For sheer value, it's tough to find a better deal than the Handlery.	
Jan 3 2009	Great location OK room	Just to reiterate what others have said: this hotel is made up of two buildings. The older (&quot;historic&quot;) building, where the &quot;petite&quot; rooms are, is definitely an older style -- smaller, darker, a little musty. I didn't stay in the newer, poolside building, but it looked much larger and more modern. Make sure you know which part of the hotel you're booked into.That said, my &quot;petite&quot; room was clean and the staff was pleasant. The bed was a little small and the pillows were way too thick, but some hotels just seem to think that's a good idea. The mini-fridge was a bonus. And the location is hard to beat for tourism -- smack dab in the center of the city, just two blocks from the Powell St. BART and MUNI station. I'd stay here again if I got a good deal. San Francisco has a lot of fleabag hotels (especially further west on Geary), but this isn't one of them.	
Dec 31 2008 	Just what we needed	We stayed for three nights en-route to see family and friends in Sunnyvale for Christmas.We needed somewhere central where we could get over jet-lag, do some last minute Christmas shopping and be near places to eat and drink without having to venture far.The hotel was very clean and the staff friendly. The maid came round at around 3pm each day (we were at the end of the corridor and presumably the end of her rounds). The room had two double beds and faced a wall, but was away from traffic noise. We got a good internet rate direct with the hotel.Location was perfect - a hundred yards from Union Square and all the shops (Macy's, Saks 5th Avenue, Williams Sonoma, Tiffany's etc). There was a great diner (Max's) across the street, Lori's diner round the corner, the Daily Grill next door, a nearby &quot;pub&quot;, a sushi bar (excellent), etc etc. Next time we're in San Francisco we'll definitely stay here again.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Location  Stylish Hotel	We loved the history of the Handlery and its right smack bang in the best place in San Francisco Union Square . The room we had 361 overlooked a large open area ovelooking the pool . We felt we were a million miles away from the noise and people in Union Sq and it reminded us of Hotels in Spain that have similar areas .Room 361 was large with a outside balcony , the King sized bed was VERY comfortable and was one of the many highlights of our stay at the Handlery . To get to our room was a bit of a mission but well worth the walk .The check in staff and Bell Boys were very helpful particulary as we tried to get a cab at 5.30pm on Sat the 13th of December and it was freezing cold and beldam outside with everone trying to do there Xmas shopping .We paid $300 for 2 nights including taxes and we felt we got a bargain compared to staying at the bigger name hotels . The Handlery doesnt have all the frills of the St Regis or the Drake but the rooms were superb and met our needs to a tee.Its only a short 5 minute walk to the Bart station at Powell St ($5.35 to SFO Intl Airport) and 20 seconds to Union Sq . Lots of bars in Geary St and Farrell St to go to along with shoppping in Union Sq and the Cable Car .Highly recommend the Handlery for a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of Union Sq and located close to all the amenities San Fran has to offer .	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Location	Family of four including two older teens. Great location basically at Union Square; great shopping in every direction you walk. Check-in was prompt and front desk was helpful with restaurant recommendation and hailing a cab for us. Room was clean and updated - just a bit noisy from street traffic, but no big deal. Starbucks directly across the street. Based on other hotels that I checked out, The Handlery is a bargain.	
Nov 30 2008 	Okay but not as advertised and don't rely on the internet	The hotel is in a great location and our room was clean. However, we booked online and got a great rate, but it turned out that for this rate we were put in a small room with views of the previously mentioned brick wall with no breakfast.Also, the advertised wifi is totally unreliable. We stayed the night before an important meeting and so internet access was a priority. Wifi access costs $10 per computer per day and is provided by a company &quot;globalsuitewireless&quot; that the hotel claim to have nothing to do with. We were only able to connect to the wifi from one corner of our room (at the head of our bed, not from the desk) and even when connected the connection was painfully slow. When we mentioned this at reception they said we had to phone the globalsuitewireless customer service centre and sort it out ourselves. We mentioned it again in the morning and the manager was slightly more understanding, however we were glad that we were only staying for one night.	
Nov 27 2008 	Loved Handlery Hotel!	The Handlery Union Square Hotel offers great rooms in the centre of San Francisco for a very nice price! Excellent value for money. Friendly personnel and top location! Highly recommended!	
Nov 24 2008 	Great value and location	Did not have high expectations after booking based on price on Expedia, but I was thoroughly pleased with The Handlery. Located around the corner from everything in Union Square. The rooms were clean, the beds were very comfortable, and the staff was friendly and attentive. I would stay here again and recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 23 2008 	Lovely 3 Star Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Handlery with our 4 year old son for 7 nights during November 08. I booked via Expedia because of a fantastic rate offered at the time.The room I selected was the Club double queen room which are supposedly bigger and newer than the traditional rooms. Check-in was smooth and professional, and given we arrived a couple of hours early, they offered us a room immediately however it would be facing the city. We also had the option of waiting a few hours for the quieter rooms facing the pool.Since we were so tired after our flight from Sydney, we took the city facing room however upon entering the room, realised it would be way too noisy and the room seemed dark, musty and uninviting, although I must point out that it was a very cloudy and rainy day.We called reception to arrange to have our room changed to the quieter ones, which was arranged without any fuss. We just had to wait a few hours so we popped out to grab some lunch.The rooms facing the pools seemed nicer and a little larger than the room we saw first. Both were Club rooms. In the second room we were given, there is an extra vanity area between the bathroom and wardrobe that makes a good dressing area. Although the room was still a bit dark due to the gloomy day, and not quite as new as they seem on the website photos, the room was definitely to our satisfaction. Our room was facing the pool area however we were on the 6th floor so you could only see the pool if you stepped out onto the balcony. It was considerably quieter.Beds were very comfy and sheets and linen were clean, crisp and sparkling white. Rooms were a reasonable size, clean and well maintained. Staff were all friendly and the restaurant next door (Daily Grill) was fantastic - the steaks were succulent and the crab cakes were delicious!The best point of the hotel is the location...you are right on Union Square and next to everything. If you're looking for a lovely charming 3 star hotel, you can't go wrong with the Handlery. I would definitely stay there again when visiting San Fran.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great Location Very Good Hotel	We chose this hotel because of its location, the price and the good reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed.We used the BART to and from the airport - a couple blocks walk from the Powell station to the hotel. Lots of great restaurants, theatre (live), and MUNI stations very close. The location is great.The price was very reasonable. We were given a room on the &quot;historic&quot; side of the hotel - the older side. Our room had one double bed and it almost filled the room - that was fine with us as we don't need a lot of space. We actually don't spend much time in the room anyway - other than sleeping. The room was very clean, the bathroom was very clean and it had a good shower, good lighting, hot water and lots of water pressure. The bed was comfortable. Our window looked out to an inner courtyard, but mostly we could just see hotel walls and windows around the courtyard - not a good view, but that is not what we were after. The staff were all very helpful and courteous. We used the adjacent Daily Grill for our breakfasts and it was very good - food and service. We would definitely book here again and would readily recommend the hotel to others.	
Nov 21 2008 	Location: Great. Room: Not so great	We stayed at the Handlery last weekend, Nov. 14, 2008. We booked straight from their website and got a great rate. We had a standard King room. The room was TINY. Our view was a dirty alley with a brick wall. The cleanliness in the room was not the greatest, but the bed was very comfortable. Not too many channels on the tv either, and we had a 19&quot; tv. The pool area was great. If you stay at this hotel, you MUST get a poolside room as they looked the nicest. We didn't spend much time in the room, so it turned out okay. I was very disappointed. Our room looked nothing like the pics on the website. There was definitely a stuffy/old smell in our room. The water pressure in the shower was not too bad. I would not recommend the &quot;historic&quot; or &quot;standard&quot; rooms in this hotel, but I would happily stay there again, but in an upgraded or poolside room. The staff was friendly, as was the concierge. The location was the BEST part of this hotel. Great food and shops within blocks. We took the BART from the airport and had to walk only two blocks to this hotel.	
Nov 21 2008	Great surprise!	It is always a problem booking a hotel when you have no idea what they will really turn out to be like. Pot luck! I had read some reviews on this hotel, and on a few others in the area. We were looking for somewhere quite central, rather than Fishermans Wharf area. Well this turned out to be very central and close to the 'end of line' cable car stop, which is also situated next to the BART station, on Powell St.We did have a pleasant surprise when we arrived at the hotel, as we had not thought it was going to be so big, and we had not realised that there was also a pool sitated in the centre of it!We had booked a standard double room, as most reviews which we had read, stated that the rooms were quite small. Our room was spacious, very comfortable and clean. It was very nicely decorated and well presented. The only prblem I had with the room, was that I could not open the window. It did get quite stuffy, as there was a heatwave whilst we were staying there, and the A/C was not the most powerful!The staff were pleasant enough. We stayed 7 nights at this hotel, and we have to say, that it was a pleasure. I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone. Great value for money!	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Location!!!	We just got back from our trip! This was a great location! Right in Union Square, this was our first time to San Fran and we were quite impressed with the closeness to all amenities. The room had a kind of a stuffy smell but we opened the windows and it was fine. We had two queens and the room had a wall that kinda blocked the second bed so that was good when one of us wanted to read and the other wanted to go to bed, you didn't get too bothered. The beds were supercomfy! The staff were great. Lefty O Douls next door was yummy, we had supper and breakfast there a couple times-they serve starbucks coffee....not quite as good as Tim Hortons but it'll due :) jj This was a great location and hotel for the value.	
Nov 14 2008 	Good location average room	A well-located hotel with a great bar / breakfast room. The rooms available via Expedia are good value but worse than what you'd get by booking directly. (Our view looked straight onto a brick wall.) The overall quality of the hotel is sound, with a nice lobby, and I guess you'd get a nice room by paying more. Don't expect wonders. The best bit is the Daily Grill with excellent breakfasts and a nice place for drinks in the evening.	
Nov 4 2008 	Great location and price	Great location - close to union square and shops .. is important that you stay in good area in SF as some of the streets further away are not very safe - lots of street people ..very small room and small double bed not queens nice decor., but very comfy old style with coffee maker and all the stuff you need , bathroom good, was quiet and warm ..great location nd price make this a winner. check in was quick but staff not that friendly. we opted for the petite room it was fine .. i wouldnt pay too much as is older style ..also note this place is popular with Aussie tourists - which we are so not that impressed to be with so many fellow Australian !! would stay here again. please be careful what area you stay in .next door great Lefty o'dowds diner and 2 min walk to great shops including bar with $2.95 Irish coffee a must when it gets windy	
Oct 23 2008	Great Family Hotel	Our family of 5 really loved this hotel.We booked a family room that turned out to be very spacious and had 2 single beds,a double bed and a Queen sofa in 2 separate rooms.The location itself cannot be beat,close to Union Square,with great shopping and restaurants and the Cable Car basically at your door.John the Concierge is very helpful with directions and tips and although parking is a bit pricey,although typical for San Francisco,it is very convenient.We loved our stay in San Francisco made better by choosing to stay at The Handlery Union Square.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Hotel	I loved this Hotel. It's location downtown San Francisco is superb. I loved the open air pool, the room alongside, and the excellent facilities. The staff were particularly pleasant, attentive and helpful. The service was very effecient. The restaurant attached was also superb. I have no hesitation in reccommending The Handlery.	
Oct 21 2008 	The best value for the location	A great ten day stay. Super location for shopping, sightseeing, and dining. Very impressed with the staff who addressed us by name from the first day. Our room was spacious and had a balcony facing toward Market Street. The rates were extremely reasonable. I would recommend this hotel to friends (couples) and we will stay here again on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Oct 14 2008 	Loved the location	The location of The Handlery is perfect for seeing San Francisco. Friends we were travelling with stayed at The Omni and The Mark Hopkins which were beautiful hotels and much more expensive, but we always ended up meeting at The Handlery as it was so central. It was my first visit to the States and wasn’t sure what to expect, but the staff especially the Concierge were very friendly and helpful. The room was excellent we stayed in the historic section which from other reviews I was expecting to be very small, however this was not the case, it was large and very comfortable even having two TV's not that we needed them as San Francisco is amazing. The only problem was the very strange musty smell that hit you immediately on leaving the lift and also in the room. The weirdest thing was that after five minutes you didn't notice it anymore! I did mention it at reception but was not given an answer as to where it came from, although the corridor windows were always open after that. Apart from that I had a fantastic time and would definitely return.	
Oct 12 2008 	A good base right on Union Square	Check in was quick and efficient after dropping off the car at the valet parking – we had no problem walking through the parts that were being renovated or with the lifts. The room, at the time of check in was adequate and spacious for what we needed, and looked out on to Union Square. This changed at night as it was far too noisy with general street noise, music from the band on the street, etc and we could not sleep at all – I called down to reception at 2am to ask for a room change and was told this could be done first thing the next morning. We were promptly moved to another room on the other side of the hotel (no view, but who cares – at least we could sleep!) with no problems/questions so cannot fault the efficiency of the staff – we noted that there were three other complaints about street noise from that side of the hotel, so I would take this in to consideration.Location wise, the hotel is great for access to Union Square and Market Street, etc and we even walked it to Fisherman’s Wharf (approx. 30 mins) and to AT&amp;T Park (approx. 20 mins) which we found manageable.Hotel restaurant was great – we had great food and drink here and seemed reasonably priced.Great little bar around the corner called the Gold Dust Lounge.Parking was the most expensive of our trip, but cannot be helped as there, as we could see, was no alternative. In conclusion, good location for Union Square and other places are a good walk without using transport.	
Oct 9 2008 	Loved This Place	Me and my Girlfriend stayed here for 5 nights at the end of Sept 08. Upon arriving (which was very late, we didn't get there till about 12midnight) the reception staff were very nice, and very helpful. We asked for an upgrade to a big room (we had just come from a huge suite in Vegas, and though we'd treat ourselves here!). The guy was more than helpful and arranged everything within minutes.We got a huge room with what was essentially a separate sitting room. It was an &quot;executive suite&quot; of some sort, but well worth the extra 30dollars a night on top of what we had already paid.The bed in the room was big and comfortable, the room and bathroom were both clean and the hotel staff kept them tidy.The best part about the hotel was the location. It was just perfect. within minutes of all the shops you could want. One of the main Cable Cars stops is just around the corner and brings you right over to Fishermans Warf, and Chinatown is only a 5 min walk away. The concierge was very helpful in recommending various places to eat.If going to San Fran, you would be mad not to consider this hotel!	
Oct 5 2008	San Francisco Holiday	We stayed at the Handlery Hotel near Union Square. We had stayed there before and been extremely happy with the service we received. However on this occasion it was not quite the same. We asked for a room overlooking the front of the hotel, 'fine' said the front desk, and put us in room 505 which is overlooking an internal courtyard. Admitedly we could have complained, but after a 10 hour flight and a queue at immigration and another at the baggage carousel - it just didn't seem worth the effort. So come on Handlery your standards are slipping, other problems with the hotel were one of the lifts not working, so for a very busy big..ish hotel, one very tiny small lift was definitely not adequate when the service staff obviously didn't like us using their lift.The rest of the stay was fine, plenty of attractions, although don't go in the buffet pizza place at pier 39, it was dirty and the food was not nice.Don't think we will stay at the Handlery again. I know we could have upgraded to a club room, but at $30 per person per night, we felt this was a bit steep - I'm sure it wasn't that much in the holiday brochure.	
Oct 5 2008 	Perfect location for exploring the city	We stayed the last three nights of our three-week west coast voyage this autumn at the Hanlery Union Square. It really is almost on the square, where there was always something going on - concerts and street performances for example. All kinds of shops and restaurants are close by, and the cable car, metro, BART and bus stations in all directions are only a few paces away.The hotel itself has friendly service, a newly renovated lobby, and is genrally very orderly. The restaurant next door (daily grill) has a great breakfast (not included in price, will come to 10-25$ per person), which we enjoyed. Our room was a bit small (it was one with a single queen bed) and had a window to an inner court, but that didn't really matter. It was sufficiently clean and had the amenities we needed. For the location, it was surprisingly quiet. All in all, I would say the hotel offered great value (we paid about 85 EUR/night) for the location.	
Oct 4 2008 	Fantastic hotel!	We stayed at the Handlery Union Square Hotel for 5 nights in September/October. We had a nice room with 2 small double beds. The room was clean and in very good condition. There was a small fridge and a coffee maker. The hotel is in a great location, close to cable car and there are lots of great places to eat nearby. We went to Lori's more than once for breakfast. Didn't try the Daily Grill which is next door but it was always busy. The staff were all super friendly and very helpful with directions and suggestions. If you are driving in and returning your car, Hertz rental car has an office just around the corner. There is a coin operated laundrymat about a 5 minute walk away. We would definately recommend this hotel, we had a great time there.	
Oct 2 2008 	Nice touch!	Upon learning that our week long trip incorporated our wedding anniversary, the Handlery hotel very kindly upgraded our room to a club kings size room and provided a complimentry bottle of champagne.It was a nice touch and greatly appreciate.The hotel location was first class as was the room.Highly recommended!	
Sep 29 2008 	The best trip.	Stayed there for one week, club room was very large overlooking the swimming pool. Hotel is very comfortable and very well located. The contained Daily Grill restaurant is very good, but the hotel is very close to many other restautants. The main shopping district is right next door to the hotel. We walked to most of the attactions, but the cable car and plenty of easy to use busses are right outside. For the days when we could not manage a whole breakfast or lunch, there are several starbucks right outside.We took the Super Shuttle to and from the airport, as convienent as a taxi, but not as costly.	
Sep 27 2008 	Fabulous	We stayed at the Handlery for three nights and could not have been happier. We arrived in the afternoon only to find that our travel agent had booked us at the Handlery San Diego. The clerk called and canceled the room there and got us a room here. It could not have be handled more professionally. The room was fine, a/c, tv and a very comfortable bed. The location is very very good. We walked most places. The Daily Grill is very good, service excellent, portions huge. We ate breakfast there everyday. We would stay there again in a heartbeat. Thanks to all the staff for making a great weekend for us.	
Sep 17 2008 	Excellent service/hotel	The hotel, location and customer service were excellent. If you are planning a trip to San Francisco my husband an would highly recommend you stay at the Handlery. We planned a trip from England to see San Francisco and after lots of research thought that the Handlery seemed to be in a good location and we were not disapointed..perfect for all transportation, trolley cars round the corner and tour buses.I was unsure as we were travelling a long way about 'which' hotel to pick so I decided to e.mail Jon Handlery, I had a reply within 24hrs that was personal, and answered my questions, We booked and we were so glad we choose the Handlery.From the minute we arrived the staff were welcoming, friendly and informative. After the long flights, I expected to feel overwhelmed, however the staff and effeciency of the hotel made us feel at home almost straight away.The room we were allocated was fantastic, quiet, beautiful decor, very comfortable bed, plenty of space and we were thrilled that we had a complimentary bottle of champagne and goodies...I had mentioned beforehand that it was our 25th wedding anniversary!!! hahaMake sure that you dine and have evening drinks in hotel 'eatery/bar'. We had breakfast and evening meals and what great service, food and drink. We wandered round San Francisco in the evening, trying many bars and visiting other hotels but I can honestly say that the Handerly was in our opinion the best, with a great atmosphere and we will definately recommend it to family and friends and hopefully return soon!!!Thanyou Jon Handlery and all staff for making our trip so memorable. Sue and Ray Gardner. Blackpool England	
Sep 14 2008 	Loved the Handlery	We booked through Expedia. This was a great location, near all transportation lines (bart, cable car, etc). All the shopping you could ask for within walking distance. The hotel staff was very helpful, informative and pleasant at all times. Rooms were a nice size and clean. We would definitely book this hotel again, without a doubt.	
Sep 12 2008 	Excellent Hotel!!	This hotel has a fantastic location. It is located within steps of Union Square where there are shops (Macys,Saks etc) aswell as restaurants. There are fast food places nearby aswell as the famous Cheescake Factory (located at the top of Macys).We opted for a petite room, which was just that.... small. However it was all that we needed... a bathroom and a bed. There so much to do there that doubt much time will be spent in the room!The hotel has a bar and a restaurant, although we didnt eat there, its proces are reasonable.There is a pool which is free and has sunbeds around it.At the rear of the hotel, there is an Irish pub... annot recall the name, however their foor is excellent.The cable car line stops by union suqare on Powell Street, 2 minute walk, which takes you to the Marina.We paid £340 on Expedia for 5 nights at the end of August and the location of this hotel was spot on.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great Location	Got a Taxi from SFO ($30) as after a 10 hour flight could not face the Bart but it is only five mins walk away. Great location and nice Hotel. Room a little dim as facing the back of another building but clean comfortable and we were upgraded to a family suite ... the kids got thier own room ( joining ours) with a big TV and Nintendo!! Ask for a pool view room when booking as they all had little balconies and looked over the pool we just did not have time to use!.Take a left out of the Hotel and a left at the next block to Lori's Diner for a the best breakfast and Strawberry milkshake ever!! Only two mins walk from the powel and hyde cable and a shoppers dream location.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great hotel perfect location	We stayed at the Handlery Union Square for 3 nights at the end of our trip to California. We had booked two adjoining rooms but were given inter-connecting rooms 400 and 401 which were perfect for us and our 2 children. We had loads of room. The staff were all extremely helpful, especially the conciege who recommend two lovely restaurants. We didn't have time to use the pool which was one of the reasons we booked the hotel but it looked lovely.The Handlery is in a perfect location, ideal for exploring San Francisco. The only downside was that the rooms we had were overlooking the main road and a little noisy but what can you expect with such a central location.Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Love the Location	This was our third stay at this Excellent family owned Hotel, in the fantastic city of San Francisco.All the staff are polite, friendly and helpful. Rooms are well furnished and serviced daily to a very high standard. We have never used the restaurant, but only because we love the local diners.The Hotel is in &quot;the middle of all the action&quot; being well situated on Union Square. Access to buses, cable cars, china town and Macy`s store is on the doorstep.Our second visit to this hotel was to celebrate our ruby wedding anniversary and we were treated like royalty with a wonderful room, champagne and freash fruit, and an apology from John Handlery because he could not greet us personally, we did however receive a phone call from him later.This is a hotel we are very pleased to recommend. Mr. &amp; Mrs. Lea	
Aug 17 2008 	Central location	My wife and I stayed at The Handlery for two nights on route to Hawaii. The hotel's location was very convenient for sight seeing around San Francisco, close to numerous places to eat and drink, a cable car ride and many major department stores were all within walking distance. The purpose of our holiday was to celebrate our 30th wedding anniversary and on arrival we were greeted by John Handlery (Vice Pres) and a bottle of champagne and a basket of friut etc, were bought to our room. We found the overall experience very enjoyable and would recommend this hotel to others.One small complaint. Our room had no wardrobe space, although this may had been different had we been staying longer.	
Aug 15 2008	Excellent service when hotel was overbooked	The hotel clerk knew our room wasn't available and immediately called Ms. Handlery, one of the managers to assist us. She graciously offered a most generous compensation for our trouble and a delightful room at a neighboring hotel for one night. When we returned to the Handlery for the balance of our stay, we found the service continued to be excellent and both of our rooms very clean &amp; comfortable. The manager's wine and snack basket in our room was another welcome gift for the very minimal trouble. There really is a family named Handlery behind this hotel and they truly care about customer service.	
Aug 15 2008 	Well placed and improving	We liked the Handley even though it was under going refurb. Most of the staff were good and once we had worked our way through the chaos of being given the wrong rooms, more of a surprise for the current occupants, we had a very pleasent stay. The thing that really sells the Handley is its position, just off Union Sqare, yes its noisy, but hey its a city break.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great Location Don't Expect Luxury	My family had a small reunion at the Handlery Hotel for three days in late July. I had been staying at another hotel for a conference and switched over to the Handlery because the first hotel did not have rooms available for the three nights we needed. I had done research on Tripadvisor and decided that the Handlery sounded like a good choice. I was not disappointed. As stated in previous reviews, the furnishings and decorations in the rooms were pretty old --very 70's. However, the rooms and the hallways were clean and there was upgrading in progress during our stay. We did not get to use the pool although it looked lovely. A young girl was swimming and the temperature of the water seemed warm enough. Our room faced the street, and it was not at all noisy. The best asset of this hotel is its great proximity to everything. There are wonderful restaurants within walking distance and the muni line is just a couple of blocks away. The rooms were affordable, the staff polite, and the location was excellent. It may not be the place to go if you are loking for luxury, but if you are prepared to have a pleasant, bare-bones experience, this hotel is the answer.	
Aug 11 2008 	Absolutely fabulous	I can't fault this hotel at all. It's extremely clean and comfortable. The staff are very friendly, welcoming and helpful. The concierge has a great knowledge of the city and is only too willing to help you in any way.This hotel even has it's own pool, which is something of a bonus in the centre of the city. I doubt if you could get a better location, being in the heart of Union Square you've got everything you need on the doorstep and very easy access to Fishermans Wharf. All in all we had a fantastic stay at the Handlery, and San Francisco is a beautiful city. I would not hesitate to use this hotel again and again.	
Aug 10 2008 	Good central choice	My family and I started our californian holiday in San Francisco at this hotel and we weren't disappointed. Our room was spacious, and easily accomodated us (2 Adults and an 11 and 14 year old). It was clean and close to the pool in what was referred to as a club room. The hotel is very well placed to discover San Francisco. No more than a blocks walk to trams, trolley buses and all the big name shops. Breafast at Lefty's 2 doors down was excellent and open by 7am which is an advantage when you are trying to adjust from uk time! We were lucky and had 3 days of clear weather, with temperatures in the 70's - the pool therefore was a welcome relaxation at the end of a days sightseeing although I'm not sure we would have used it for longer than an hour or so as it is in a fully enclosed courtyard. The concierge was really helpful and provided maps etc. We picked up our hire car from Alamo 2 blocks away as we left San Francisco as a car is definately not needed in the ctiy and why pay for parking etc.? But a word of warning - even at 8am on a Sunday we waited an hour and a half in line to collect our car - we heard that this normal and that we should normally expect to wait at least 2 hours!	
Aug 7 2008 	Great value city centre location	Ideally and centrally located close to the tube/subway that travels from the aiport for a few dollars each and beats the traffic queues a taxi/cab might encounter.Rooms spacious and well decorated with clean tidy facilities and beds.We stayed in rear inner room and never heard any city noise.Swim pool a rare added bonus in city centre.Staff very helpful.Highly recommended.Ideal if SF tourist.We are family of 4.	
Aug 4 2008 	Handlery has the best staff as well as location.	This was our second trip to San Francisco and our second stay at the Handlery. The location cannot be beat! Right in the middle of Union Square and walking distance to cable car stop. Also you are very close, (within a block) of a Starbucks, Lefty O'Douls, and the Curran Theatre. The adjoining Daily Grill has a great 1/2 price happy hour and some of the best food ever!But what really makes this place special for us is the care of the staff. From the time we checked in, everyone was friendly and helpful. Many international travelers stay there and seem to be quite happy. Hermie the bellman went beyond the call of duty to make sure all our needs were met. The housekeeping staff were friendly and always said, &quot;hello, is there anything we can get you&quot;? That doesn't happen much these days at other hotels. The rooms are very clean, but a little tiny. The front desk lady did some checking to get us a room earlier than check-in time, so we could get situated.For the price, location and friendliness, this hotel cannot be beat. We will return next year during the summer, when it is 65 degrees in San Francisco and 110 degrees in Dallas(our home town).One other note: They are upgrading and there is construction going on in the corridor that connects the building, but we never heard and noise from it.	
Aug 3 2008 	beautiful but had a small problem	This was booked for our 25th wedding aniversary on july 27th unfortunately we did not know what size of room we were going to get and just like the previous comment we too ended up with a petite double... beautiful but small enough for one person only. I havn't slept in a bed that small in a long time and my husband ended up on the floor a few times . It was for one night so we put up with it.We were however next to the elevators which went up and down all night and we did not get much sleep as it seemed like there was always some one at our room door.when we were ready to check out I asked to see the manager who was apologetic and offered us a free night stay , which we coul not take him up on as we were touring california, so instead her offered us a breakfast on the house,which was lovely. Would not have been cheap if we had to pay.would recommend this hotel but if booking through hotwire be sure you get the type of room and bed size you reuire, otherwise you can be in for n uncomfortable night. location of room is also important.	
Aug 1 2008 	Mixed bag at the Handlery	We (middle-aged couple!) booked for 8 nights.Summary of stay goes as follows:Fabulous location.Hotel very clean.Staff very helpful.BUTWe were booked into Room 610. It was tiny / miniscule. There are several similarly sized rooms on each floor, according to the fire drill plan. Beware!Ice-making machine and drinks vending machine were located directly outside the door of the room. They sounded like a plane on constant take-off mode. We asked for a change of room and the staff were very understanding. We were given one immediately. It was reasonably sized but was away from the dreaded drinks and ice machines. However, it had a faulty air conditioning unit that constantly hummed even when turned off. We asked that their electrician have a look at it. He did - but nothing changed! We just got used to it.This report sounds very negative. We had our issues but the staff and location more than made up for the small room, the noise and the faulty air conditioning.Oh, I forgot! When we arrived, one lift was out of action while the second had intermittent faults. However, this only happened on the first day.	
Aug 1 2008 	Great location	When we arrived in San Francisco downtown our GPS went crazy! Fortunately, the hotel was in Geary Street, so close to Union Square, so we didn't have any difficulties to find it.A very nice hotel, staff and reception desk very nice, perfect positioning.The room was clean, big, very comfortable, and due to the fact we were in honeymoon, we found some amenities as welcome!	
Jul 29 2008 	Old and sparse but great location	This review is for the &quot;historic&quot; (older) section of the property. We had reserved a king bed, but were given two queens. When we asked to switch, the only room available was handicapped accessible, which I would not recommend for anyone with or without a disability. The room was small, so to accommodate a wheelchair, the TV was mounted near the ceiling (so the wheelchair could pass under the TV), and was impossible to watch for very long from anywhere in the room without getting a crick in the neck.The bathroom was large but instead of a regular door had a &quot;slider&quot; which took considerable effort to open and close, even for someone without a disability. The room and especially bathroom temperature could not be regulated, and it was uncomfortably cold to take a shower or bath, or even briefly use the facilities. The carpet was worn and the window looked onto the wall of another building, and overall the room seemed old and sad.We found out during our stay that the sauna is not available to guests staying in the historic section. The club section has sauna privileges, and may be better in other ways too.The location adjacent to Union Square was great and the restaurant/bar on the ground floor are good, but we wished we had split an entree because the food was very rich and the quantity excessive.	
Jul 20 2008 	Great place	We stayed for four nights at the Handlery Hotel in San Francisco. The location was wonderful and the hotel was very nice. The art deco room felt like San Francisco. Clean and comfortable room with good view. Very nice.	
Jul 15 2008 	Nothing great...	Went up to San Francisco recently for a business trip. Our travel coordinator booked me at the Handlery. When I walked into my room I noted how small my room was, then I saw my co-workers room which was about half the size of mine. The room was clean, so no problems there. Bed was ok, but not too comfortable. The tv was very small and you got a limited number handful of channels. For internet you had to pay 9.95 a day. The staff was friendly enough but not very helpful. Location was great since it was in Union Square but that was about it.	
Jul 12 2008 	Great location small rooms	We booked a petite room, and we regret. The bed was so small we had problems sleeping the two first nights.The rooms were ok. Clean and service at hotel was good. The biggest pro on this hotel was it's location, which was great!	
Jul 1 2008 	A Preview of Alcatraz!	Well, upon arrival you are told you'll be paying $38/day for car parking, and when you check out an additional $10 &quot;tax&quot; is added. $86 bucks for less than 48hrs of car parking on top of being a GUEST.Ok, so now you've parked your car, English as Second Language guy tells you to &quot;go through there&quot; and so you sorta fumble your way along, ( porter did ask if he could help, but after $86 parking you're in fear what a porter will expect as a tip) So you bang your suitcase along until you reach a wooden temporary staircase wide enough for one at a time. You now have to carry your bags down a flight of stairs. Then take an elevator back up to street level. Now I wouldn't have known this except for another guest seeing my troubles and escorting us to the lobby. So we shuffle our way down the hall, and hang out for the front desk, all is well here. I give them a pass at first for the decor and construction, I say to myself, &quot;self, well at least they are showing a good faith effort at improvements&quot; The elevators are vintage but never got stuck, I however am not one for riding in &quot;vintage&quot; elevators. So we go to our room. Next door to a service elevator, and the window looks out to other guest rooms and walls about 10 feet away. So much for a view, I bite my tongue and check out the rest. The doors and fixtures are about 30 years old, and the interior decorator obviously wasn't a S.F. Local, as I thought the locals are known for interior design and decorations....Looked like I was staying in my Auntie Ann's spare room. Pink and Frilly--- Muy no es Bueno for this gringo. So again, figure I'm tired and no bother.... Get my tour book out and sit down at the desk, notice these burn marks on the desk, and a sign above that says &quot;no smoking&quot; so I figure, well looks like someone left thier crack pipe on High and charred the desk.... So now out in the halls I notice all the exposed plumbing and pipes, and electrical conduit. THis is not due to construction but normal &quot;decor&quot; for the Handlery. Next day I'm over at Alcatraz and notice that &quot;THEY TOO have the same decorations!&quot; Pretty much the room furniture looks like it was bought at a hotel surplus auction, and mish mashed together. So if your crackpipe is glowing, and your ho's don't mind a small bed well worn in, this is the place for you!	
Jun 25 2008 	Disappointed in the Handlery Union Square	Stayed there end June 2008.This hotel did not live up to my expectations based on all the positive reviews I read on the internet. We chose an older hotel for the historic value and ambiance knowing it would probably not have up to date technology or ammenities but this was really disappointing. The 6th floor room (hotel has 7 floors) was incredibly hot and stuffy for 3 of the 4 days we were there. As luck would have it San Fran was in the middle of a heat wave and the sorry excuse for an air conditioner was inadequate. Fortunately we could open the windows for air - but the view was a lovely blank wall of the building next door that I could probably touch if I could overcome my fear of heights and lean out the window - which I did not. Do NOT attempt to use the TV/Internet. Go to the 2nd floor business office and use the computers there. The room was tiny for 4 adult sized people and 2 double beds. The furnishings were pitiful - not enough storage space or chairs. The closet was equally tiny. The bathroom had only a shower stall that &quot;spit&quot; water at you, only one shelf for personal items. One of the two bed lamps was not functional. Housekeeping kept leaving glasses, mugs and coffee for 2 despite the fact that there were 4 of us staying there. Room was dingy and uninviting.On the bright side, we LOVED the staff...especially the concierge's Dale and John. They were awesome! Good location if you want to be in the heart of the city, close to mass transit and shopping. The rooms in the newer &quot;club&quot; section near the pool seem to be a better deal for the extra money. Overall I hated the room but loved the staff and location. If you go here, make sure you spend the extra bucks for a room in the newer club section.	
Jun 22 2008 	3 Chicks from North Carolina	Great location.....great room BUT most important wonderful staff....especially front desk, concierge (or as I like to call them ---Connie C. Urges---my lame humor)......the best of the best was Hermie and Ed.....they made our every turn an expected one with excellent directions along with a lot, lot, lot of patience....thanks to you both for being so wonderful to 3 &quot;southern North Carolina&quot; girls. Our vacation was the Best and you guys certainly help make it that way......our especial best to Hermie and Adore.....what a couple&gt;&gt;&gt;!!!!! love you both......	
Jun 20 2008 	Great position especially if you like noise!	We had 4 nights at the Handlery Union Square towards the end of May. The hotel was recommended by our travle agent as being a family hotel. I had wanted to book one street back from Union Square but she talked me into this one. The hotel itself was clean enough but very cramped from the reception area to the rooms. The very worst part was that each night at around 9pm just as I was trying to settle my 10 &amp; 7 yr olds off to sleep a band started playing on the street not 100 metres away. The band varied from just drums to a full rock band &amp; played amplified music for at least 2 hours every night! It was torture! The position of the hotel is great but the downside was the street noise and my retrospectoscope tells me that I wouldn't stay there again nor recommend it to families who want their children asleep before midnight!	
Jun 10 2008 	Great Location	We (my husband and I and our 5 year old and 1 year old) stayed at the Handlery for 7 nights at the end of April. It was my second visit to SFO but the first for everyone else. With 2 small children we wanted to stay somewhere central with easy access to transport. We were not disappointed from that respect with the Handlery. Shops galore and the cable car practically at the door step.We were in a club room so after checking in, the easiest access from and to our room was from the O'Farrell St entrance. There were renovations being undertaken at the time we stayed but we were unaffected aside from the fact we had to walk through the basement to get from the lobby to our room on the other side of the hotel.Check in was easy and staff very friendly. Our room was comfortable. Even though there were 4 of us and we had a lot of luggage given we were travelling with 2 small children, we did not feel too cramped and it was useful having a small dressing table just outside the bathroom. Our room looked over O'Farrell St and we did get a bit of street noise, including music and singing from the buskers until about 11pm to 12am but it did not really bother us and our children were able to sleep through it. Our room was just outside the lift though and they were noisy. But again we were not too bothered by it but be aware of it if you a light sleeper and noise sensitive. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom small but adequate.Our coffee maker was not working but was replaced very promptly with a new one. Our room missed being serviced on one day we stayed but clean towels were delivered to us quickly once we called for them. We also got a letter of apology from John Handlery regarding this in response to a feedback form we completed. With our 1 year old we needed to get boiled water and to be able to heat up food from time to time and the staff were very accommodating about that. We were able to access the staffroom to use the microwave.We did not find the concierge very friendly or approachable but the bell hops were very helpful and accommodating.We intended to, but did not get around to trying out the Daily Grill but there are lots of cafes and restaurants close by to try and many at reasonable prices. For breakfast Loris Diner is a good choice (we went back a few times) as is Cafe Mason. Both are just around the corner from the hotel. We had breakfast at Lefty O'Doulls one day but would not back. Food was below average compared to what else was nearby and service was not great. We tried to get into Dotties True Blue Cafe on Jones St given great reviews it got on TripAdvisor but there was a long line outside so we did not wait as we had to 2 children who were very hungry at that stage.We did a lot of walking and our 5 year old managed to keep up pretty well. If you are travelling with kids, Zeum and the Exploratorium are a must. Zeum is in walking distance (about 15 mins) and the Exploratorium accessible by bus. We went to the Aquarium which was good but not really that big and to be honest, if you have been to Kelly Tarlton's in Auckland, the Sydney Aquarium or the Aquarium in Vancouver, you won't really miss anything by giving the Pier 39 Aquarium a miss. You may want to go in any event though if you have kids as they do have some touching pools where you can touch starfish and some fish.We bought the 7 day City Pass which was very handy, and definitely worthwhile if you intend to hop on and off the cable car as otherwise the one ride or daily passes are relatively expensive.The cable car turning area at Powell and Market Streets always seemed to be busy with long lines. It seemed less of a wait at the cable car turning area at the end of the Powell Hyde line.Catch the cable car to the top of Lombard St - it stops literally right at the top where pretty gardens are - rather than approach from the bottom as walking down is definitely easier than walking up! It's easy to catch the cable car back to the city from the bottom of the street.Book your Alcatraz tickets at least a couple of days in advance even in the low season. It was not peak season when we went but we still had to wait for a couple of days before there were available spaces.We did a Wok Wizz walking tour of Chinatown - our guide was very informative and gave us lots of good tips of places to go for people wanting to purchase or see particular things. The tour included a stop at the fortune cookie factory on Ross Street (I think) where we could see how the cookies were made, sample them and of course buy. It was USD5 for a big bag. Very yummy. If you are heading to Chinatown and looking for the more authentic stores, ie the ones where the locals buy their fresh fruit and vegetables and groceries etc, head to Stockton St and Jackson St. Grant St, the street with the Chinatown gate is more for tourists. Cheap T-shirts galore - about USD2 or 3 each. Ghiradelli Square and Hyde St Pier is a good place to spend a relaxing morning or afternoon, especially if you are interested in historic ships and maritime matters. It is also where the Ghiradelli chocolate factory and shops are. Although we had 7 days in SFO, we took things reasonably slowly since we were travelling with kids, but we could probably have easily spent another few days, or even a week, to see some of the other things we didn't get to!One other thing to be aware of is that it is pretty cool in SFO, apparently at any time of the year. Even though it was mid Spring when we went, we found it at times cooler than it was back in Auckland (where it was mid Autumn). Layers are definitely recommended and I would make sure you have a fleece or similar, especially for the kids if you are going to be down near hthe pier/wharf areas. Having said that, if you forget to pack them, there are plenty of places to buy them at relatively cheap prices.For non-Americans and people who have not been to the States before, it might be useful to know that pharmacies like Walgreens, which can be found all over central city, sell almost anything that you would want from a supermarket at reasonable prices so a good place to go to stock up on bottled water, snacks and the like.	
Jun 8 2008 	In the middle of San Francisco	Enjoyed staying at this hotel. Excellent location for walking, cable cars, etc. Rooms clean and hotel quaint. I liked the layout of the hotel and arrangements of the hallways and rooms. Resturant and staff excellent. Workout room in process of being remodeled but was able to use adjacent hotel's amenities(yes legally)	
Jun 7 2008 	Great overall hotel	This hotel is a classy older property taken very good care of and very clean. I stayed one night and didn't use all the amenities but was very pleased with the room and the service. I left my watch in the room and called the next day after I got home. They had found my watch, marked and stored it and are sending it to me in the mail! I think that is great service.The parking is secure and convienient but expensive. The location is just a few doors down from the cool union square seemed to be very busy and safe and an easy walk to lots of great sites.Don't hesitate to stay here, it's a great value.	
Jun 6 2008 	Met all our expectiations	The lobby was a little shabby - worn carpet and furniture but our room was obviously recently renovated with modern bathroom (no mouldy tiling), comfortable bed, clean carpet and reasonably spacious accommodation. I think they are gradually updating the hotel.I had read in some of the reviews that the rooms could be very noisy, but without any request on our part we were relieved to discover that our room was very quiet, apart from a bit of noise from early risers in the room next door - not a problem really. Our window looked out on a stone wall but we werent concerned about the lack of view - rather have the peace and quiet. The location is great, virtually on Union Square and a short walk to the Powell Street Cable Car turnaround. If you are staying 3 days, buy the 3 day pass which is valid for cable car and bus and underground. We used it for 2 days only and found it very convenient and also avoided the nuisance of having to find the right cash for the fares.My opinion of the stafff is neutral - checkin staff very pleasant, concierge could have been a bit more informative with his answer to my questions - on the whole they were unobtrusive.Overall we werent expecting too much so were pleasantly surprised.	
Jun 1 2008 	Great value and location	I needed a centrally located hotel to stay over for one night in San Francisco. My usual was booked so I decided to try the Handlery. Some of the reviewers on the site were mixed about it but I decided to try it given it was a good price for such a great location. I was very happy. Friendly, helpful staff. Room size was good (and they had an iron and ironing board). Huge walk in wardrobe too. Yes they are renovating so there is some noise but I was only there for one night and could live with it given I was a minute from Union Square. They also have secure parking. I would go back.	
May 27 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	We stayed at The Handlery for 6nights for our Honeymoon. The staff were great and so accommodating. We weren't happy with our first room but within 5 minutes they had moved us to a lovely room and had all our luggage moved. The concierge was so helpful and approachable. Although the hotel was under going some construction, there was absolutely no impact on us as guests at all...We would recommend this hotel to anyone planning on going to San Francisco	
May 25 2008 	Perfect location!	Stayed at the Handlery for 5 nights and have nothing negative to say. The staff was friendly, the room was clean. The location is absolutely perfect. You got the cable car practically on your doorstep, you can see Union Square from the front door. All shops (Levis, Westfield, Gap, UO, AE and more), best diners (3 Lori's diners within 5 minutes walk from the hotel), all transport (cable, streetcar and bus on market st) are within very short walking distance) Because of the ideal location, I was able to walk around in the evening feeling safe. If I was lucky enough to go back to SF for a 3rd time, I would definitely book in the Handlery again.	
May 16 2008 	what a nightmare	After having a fab week in Hawaii and 3 nights in las vegas, i could not wait to see what san francisco had to offer.Arrived at the Handley at around 10.30 in the evening, and the first thing that hit us was the smell of the drainage in the hotel, had our key for the room could not believe the room it didnt look anything like in the book. The window was cracked from top to bottom and they had put tape over it , none of the windows locked properley and ontop of all that it looked like something out of the film Walking with zombies, as the only people who was walking the street was the homeless.M y husband and myself were followed and pesterd by them when we tried to go for something to eat but failed as we didnt feel safe.When going back to our room we got into bed, could not sleep from the smell of urine in the bed, up wegot and complained we were then moved to a room at the back of the hotel,not much better, but we survived the night. Had a meeting next morning with our Virgin holiday rep and she was marvelous arranged for us to be moved down to the fishermans warf in the holiday inn. Cant fault this hotel clean, loveley beds , nice area to go out in the evening.I advice anyone going to sanfrancisco dont go anywhere near the H andley as it just might spoil your hols.	
May 13 2008 	Good hotel in great location	I stayed at the Handlery Hotel with my husband at the end of April of this year. It's in a great location - right next to Union Square enabling us enjoy all the great shopping in the locality and take in some of the sites.Located just round the corner is the pick up station for the local Tram service too adding to attraction of this great little hotel.The rooms are clean and tidy and offer an en suite bathroom that is better than most. Don't expect a great view from some of the windows - but you're not there for the view from the room! The staff are friendly and helpful too.Tagged onto the hotel is a nice restaurant where you can pick up a great breakfast, although beware - it is not included as part of your hotel fee and it can be quite expensive. But the food is good though.I woud definately recommend this hotel for short stays that require central locations!	
May 12 2008 	Ticked all the boxes	Couldn't find any faults with the Handlery.Great location, 2 seconds walk from Union Square, 5 minutes from where you pick up the tram line and with very easy access to all other parts of the city.The hotel itself is very nice, our room was large and clean although it overlooked the air conditioning units, but this didn't bother us. The hotel also has a restaurant attached to it for breakfast/lunch/dinner but this is separately owned and quite expensive. For breakfast you'd be better off coming out of the hotel turning left and walking for 30 seconds to a cafe on the corner.Other than that, I would definitely stay here again.	
May 3 2008 	disappointment	Noise/very bad smell in the room/old furniture/stinking carpets/dirty curtains and windows/small ,smelly bathroomsAvoid 'rooms with the view' - very noisy!FORGOT MONEY AND SHOES IN THE HOTEL ROOM AFTER CHECK OUT, CALLED HOTEL NEXT MORNING AND WAS INFORMED NO MONEY HAD BEEN FOUND?????(GUESS WHAT?THEY DID FOUND THE PAIR OF SHOES)Would like to wish the hotel staff who stole the money good luck!VERY DISAPPOINTING STAY....	
May 2 2008 	Really loved it here perfect location	I stayed here for a week at the end of april '08 with my boyfriend. We had booked a petite double room, and when we arrived we had been upgraded as it was my birthday! We were delighted. The room was a great size, the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, it was so big and comfy I had to climb up on to it! There was a separate sitting room area, and the room had 2 TVs which was more than enough. We used the pool twice out of the whole week, it was lovely and heated. I think we were the only people that used it while we were there. The staff are ALL very friendly, polite and helpful. Information on restaurants, tours, directions, even flagging down cabs for us. We didn't hear any street noise apart from maybe one or two sirens which we would hear at home anyway. Also the renovations at the moment caused absolutely no problem to our stay whatsoever, there was no noise, dust, etc...The only thing was a short detour to the pool, which probably only took an extra 2 minutes! The location was brilliant, it is an absolute haven for any shopoholic. Although neither myself or my boyfriend are big shoppers, we found the location perfect. It was so close to transport and in walking distance to most attractions.Overall a great stay in San Francisco!	
Apr 20 2008	A huge disappointment	We had read some reviews about the hotel and thought we had made a good choice. From the moment we checked in it was a huge disappointment. Our hotel room was so loud that we had a hard time sleeping. First our room was directly next to the elevator, elevator shaft and everytime the elevator moved it shook our room. Secondly, our room was on the 4th floor on the street side and the windows were so thin you could hear everything from the street below. Unfortunately, we didn't realize the extent of the noise until midway through the night or we would have been asked to move (although I can't imagine any other room much better) We also ordered room service the first night after exploring the city and the food was terrible. Even my 12 year old son who will eat anything could not finish his chicken nuggets and fries they were so bad.We could have forgiven and forgotten if we had gotten any sort of apology from management when reported our issues but they were totally unconcerned.I have never written a review before but didn't want anyone to have the same negative experience we did.	
Apr 18 2008 	Did they tell you about ongoing Construction?	hotel is ok - great location for a trip. However there is ongoing construction in the hotel. Its very noisy during the daytime until 5 or 6pm - i can hear the drilling (very loud - can't be drowned out by loud TV) as I sit in my room. My stay (and erhm...my honeymoon) ends tomorrow - suffice to say the room was not exactly useful. Manager was less then helpful although he did offer another room....which was not much point really because you can hear the construction from anywhere in the hotel. i would avoid this hotel for the rest of 2008, or until the elevator is installed......not kidding thats the reason - so it aint going to be solved quick....	
Apr 16 2008	Shopping Food Sights	Four in our party. Pleasant welcome when we arrived after 10pm. Rooms fine for our needs. Very competant, informative friendly staff. We stayed 3 nights and didn't want to leave. Next time we shall try the swimming pool in the central courtyard. Great location for returning in between shopping trips to deposit our goodies. Definitely left my heart there.	
Apr 14 2008 	A very good option in San Fran	We were very happy with the location of this hotel especially considering the price ($189/nt.). It is less than a block from Powell St. and convenient for catching a cable car to get around town. Our Club room overlooked the city on the sixth floor where we did hear traffic and sirens at night.The hotel is undergoing some renovation that made for a short walk thru the parking garage from the hotel lobby, but this was not a problem.We had two adults and three teens in a room with two queens and a rollaway. There was plenty of space for all of us. It was clean and tastefully decorated.Overall, the hotel itself was nothing extraordinary. The reason why I gave it an above average mark is for the excellent location and reasonable value. I would definitely consider staying at the Handlery again.	
Apr 13 2008 	NIce Hotel but Construction Issues right now	Just came back from a four day business trip and stayed at the Handlery. Based on other folk's comments, I booked a room on the club floor through Orbitz at $200 a night. Upon arrival I needed to be escorted through the basement work area to get to the other side of the hotel because of construction that is ongoing. There are elevators on either side of the building and my room required that I enter on the O'farrell street side of the building. I heard no construction noise at all during my stay but it was a real hassle if I needed to get to the lobby. You need to take an elevator to the basment and walk through the kitchen area and then take another elevator back up to the lobby. Only one of the two elevators was working. The location is great, right near Union Squire but it is an older hotel with a very small lobby with really no place to sit to wait for someone who might be meeting you. When I arrived during the middle of the day there were plenty of bell people who wanted to wheel my luggage a few feet for me but when I made my way to the lobby on Friday night to ask a question about an airport shuttle, there were only the two ladies at the desk and I needed to wait about 20 minutes to ask my question, I guess everyone else was escorting guests to the other side of the hotel.The club room was nicely furnished and comfortable but with a very old 14 inch TV but the terry robes and bathroom magnifying mirrors were a nice touch as were the above average soaps and shampoo.I had dinner one night at the Daily Grill restaurant that is attached to the hotel. The food was fantastic and the wine list was superb, plus it has a very nice atmosphere. I would recommend the restaurant even if you are staying at another hotel. Prix fix dinner of soup, main fish course and desert at $24.95 was a great deal for this part of town. I had breakfast one morning at a little cafe just a few doors away on O'farrell street, I believe it was called Sunshine cafe. The dry eggs on an English muffin and a cup of coffee for $11.00 were a rip off.Overall, there are much nicer hotels in the area but if the price is right, this is a nice enough once the construction is complete.	
Mar 27 2008 	Best Location in San Francisco	LOCATION!!! Great location - on Union Square, walking distance to everything... It is located in the heart of San Francisco's Union Square &amp; I mean it!World Class Shops: Nieman Marcus, Saks, Macy's, Gucci, Hermes, Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Dior, Chanel, YSL, OK... so enough, you know what I mean... Have $ to burn, here is your chance ;-)4 blocks to the Moscone Center, and 2 blocks to the Powell Street cable car line.Clubs &amp; Bars: Vessel is a block &amp; half away; Slide &amp; Ruby Skye is 1 block away, Redwood Room @ the Cliff is 1 block away; &amp; tons of bars down the street.Restaurants: Micheal Mina is cross the street &amp; countless of restaurants casual restaurants around the area.All rooms feature wireless Internet access, mini refrigerators, and in-room safes. The hotel features on site valet parking ($44/night) , an outdoor heated pool, sauna, and room service.This is such a great place to stay in City when you party ;-) So girls night out, I got a suite for really good deal.... Comes with 2 conjoint rooms, 1 with a queen bed, TV, closet; the other room comes with 2 twin beds, a sofa bed, TV, chairs, table, walk in closet, a refridgerator, &amp; coffee maker.It's a bit older hotel but very well-kept &amp; clean. The bed is quite comfortable &amp; the water in the shower has great pressure! There's 2 doors from both room to the bathroom.... There's 2 doors to the suite, so it's really convenient...With this room, we were able to sleep of 4 girls &amp; 1 lucky guy... LOL... It's such a great place to crash when you party! &amp; get up the next day for shopping with your girls! A great place for tourists, &amp; for those who love to shop, this is a place to stay if you travels with a group. NOTE: Since it's right where all the action. Don't choose room with street views because you will not be able to sleep, unless you are a New Yorker :-)PROS: Location, service, &amp; the rate.CONS: the valet/garage is on the other building, so a long walk for you.The hotel is 3 STARS itself, so why 4 STARS for me = VALUE of the $ I paid!!! Definitely I got more compare to other hotels around the area.	
Mar 19 2008	Average hotel	We just stayed at the Handlery a few days ago for 3 nights and were a bit disappointed. There were two families of four each and when we arrived to check in at 1:30 the told us to come back at 3:30 and our rooms would be ready. When we arrived back at 3:30, they told us the people before had a late check out and our rooms would not be ready for several hours. They then tried to locate 2 other rooms near each other but we still had to wait until 6:00 p.m. to get into our rooms. Each of our families had 2 children and waiting around was not easy. We had a club room right next to the pool and heard constant people traffic at all hours of the night. Our friends across from us got a view of a residential center with human fecies on the ground outside their window. We paid more for the Club rooms and were very disappointed. The Club rooms were big, but just average. On the flip side, the staff was very friendly and the concierge helped us frequently. We expected more and were a bit disappointed. We'll definitely stay at another hotel next time.	
Mar 15 2008 	Awesome! Excellent Location! Look no further!	Me and my boyfriend stayed at The Handlery in Feb 2008 for 4 nights. We had an absolutely fantastic time. This hotel is in the best location for shopping, eating and public transport to Fishermans Wharf etc. We would highly recommend staying at this hotel and when we return to San Francisco we will. We stayed in a club room which were spacious and very clean and comfortable. Lori's Diner is a must for breakfast located just around the corner. If staying in San Fran for 3 or more days get a Muni pass which enables you to get unlimited transportation on cable cars, buses and trams for $18 (one way journey is $5) so pass is definitely worth the money. Pick up city guides in hotel for discounts on attractions, dining and purchases.	
Mar 8 2008 	Nice view - Helpful staff	Me and some friends stayed a week here in February, we were a little upset when we arrived to find out check in wasn't until 3pm, but the room and the rest of the week definately made up for it. We had a room with a city view, which was very nice! The only con about having a city view was the noise of the downstairs traffic and the ocassional homeless person singing or just yelling... I'm a sound sleeper so I had no problems, and my friend bought some ear plugs and those seemed to help a lot. We didn't order room service, because the prices were really high.. But there were TONS of nice places to eat right around the hotel, so food was definately not a problem!	
Mar 7 2008 	Good Enough	This hotel was very pleasant. The building is rather old, but the location is really great. It's about half a block from Union Square and a lot of excellent shopping. The rooms are clean but there are a few cons: the room service isn't cheap at all and our room had a nice view of the wall nextdoor....we didn't spend much time in the room anyways.The staff was really good, the concierge really knew his stuff, recommended some nice restaurants and things to see. Gave us a good bus route out to the Cliff House. We found that cabs are a little difficult to come by at times (especially away from downtown), so if possible have the doorman hail one for you, it'll save you time. I would possibly stay here again, but I'm leaning towards checking out some other hotels in the area. For the price, this hotel was fine and I dont have any complaints.	
Mar 4 2008 	Loved this hotel great location nice room beautiful view!	My husband, my best friend and I just stayed here Feb 22nd-29th, 2008. We were in town for Wonder-Con as well as a vacation. We arrived at the hotel at 2:55pm, check in was at 3pm. Our room was not ready but the hotel staff checked our luggage while we went to eat at a local restaurant across the street, Max's. I had one of the best corn beef &amp; pastrami sandwiches by the way! We went back to the hotel around 3:45 and our room was ready and the bellman brought our luggage up about 5 minutes later. It was worth the wait though! We got an amazing view of the city from our 8th floor room in the club wing. If you have a choice, definitely stay in a club room, they are nicer, roomier and have better views. We only paid $189.99 per night for 2 queen beds. We did have a fridge, 19 inch TV (but who goes to San Fran to watch TV anyway?), a nice bathroom, large closet, desk and a super nice vanity area for me to do my makeup (came with a 3 way lighted mirror as well). The toiletries provided were of moderate value including shampoo, conditioner, lotion, a shower cap and 2 soaps (per day). Towels were ample in the bathroom as well, we were provided 4 large towels, 4 hand towels and 2 face towels. The most surprising part was the bed and that it was actually comfortable. I very rarely have slept in a hotel bed that didn’t have springs popping up, lumpy parts and sunken middle areas. I slept fairly well, even with the street noise, which wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be. Our window looking down onto the street had a sliding door, which made the room more comfortable with fresh air. The hotel is located on the edge of Union Square and in walking distance to the trolley stop at Union Square, which is about 2 blocks away. The Moscone Convention Center is about 4-5 blocks away and very easy to get to. Take the trolley to Fisherman’s Wharf, Chinatown and Pier 39. I am definitely staying at the Handlery the next time we come to SF. You can’t beat a 2 Queen room for under 200.00 in the city. Even the Motel 6 in the Tenderloin district was 125.00 a night. The concierge was very helpful as was the hotel staff. We always had a taxi waiting and they even provided us a shipping box to ship all of our souvenir’s back.We didn’t try the restaurant at the hotel but I can recommend an amazing breakfast/brunch place. Dottie’s True Blue café is about 4 blocks away on Jones, in between Geary &amp; O’Farrell. It’s a tiny café with room for about 20 people, including the counter. We went around 10am on a Monday morning and waited for about 30 minutes to get a table, but it was completely worth it! I had the chorizo, cheddar &amp; egg scramble with fresh salsa and tortilla’s and their famous ginger-cinnamon pancakes (which they are known for). I was not unhappy with 1 bite of food. We went again on Friday morning around 8am and we only had to wait for 5 minutes for a table. So definitely check this place out because I can’t wait to go back!We had a great time in San Francisco and hopefully will be back next year for Wonder-Con 2009!	
Mar 2 2008	Nice place great location	As said in other reviews, this place is in a great location. Just one block off Union Square. I was there with a conference but used to live in San Francisco, so I had mixed feelings. The other meeting participants LOVED the location and enjoyed the shoping and all the rest there is to do there. However, in a few blocks, you are really in the heart of the tenderloin, so it's necessary to be a little cautious and be aware of your surroundings. The hotel itself was nice. I stayed in the &quot;club&quot; rooms. A bit priceier but much bigger than the other rooms. A few other people in the group did not stay in this suite of rooms and complained about the small rooms. I haven't stayed in Union Square before, so I thought this was a nice place with a good meeting room.	
Feb 29 2008	Good location solid hotel	I've stayed at this hotel a few times when I was in San Francisco on business. The first time I stayed, I was on a lower floor, the room was very small, and my window opened in to a brick wall. The next time, I had a high floor, with a full wall of bay windows, and the room was much larger. There was actually a great little seating area that extended out over the street, and I had great views of Union Square. I'm not sure how you know which kind of room you're getting but I would have given the first one 3 stars, and the second one 5 stars.The hotel's location is great. Its right near Union Square, close to the subway, and a direct train ride to the airport. I ate at the attached restaurant (the Daily Grill) for dinner, and it was quite good. My only complaint is that I had to get up early for work, so I ordered the room service breakfast. I waited around, but 20 minutes after it was scheduled to arrive, it had still never been delivered. I tried again on my next trip, and they never even picked up my request form off the door. I'm not sure who runs the breakfast service, but it needs to be improved.Other than that, though, its a very nice hotel.	
Feb 26 2008 	Never again	The room was an adequate size, but we told it had been refurbished, not sure which century! Actually believe they had not got the the sixth floor yet.the windows had all paint falling off and would not shut and wooden blinds, do not really block out the light, curtains would have been nice, due to no double glazing and over looking the roof of another business and being so centrally located, you can start the imagine the noise levels, with the rubbish being collected during the night. if you wanted an early start, say 0600am you would have been ok, because by 0800am there was no hot water, three days on the trot!so if you want sleepness nights and a cold shower, this is the place to go.if you are on your hols stay down at pier 39 area, you are only a tram ride away from the city, where you are constantly pestered by the homeless	
Feb 18 2008 	Did not disappoint again	Got a great rate on orbitz of $159/night in the club portion of the hotel. Staff was very helpful. We arrived before check in time so they held our luggage so we could go out and explore the city. The concierge helped us a couple of times. The pool was open this time around but we didn't swim, too busy doing other things. The best thing about this place is the location. It is only a half a block from union square and is very moderately priced for this location. The bathroom is very small but the rest of the room made up for it, especially the balcony view. Ask for a room overlooking the street, not the pool and the club section is the new portion of the hotel. We will stay here when we go back.	
Feb 11 2008	Great Experience	Wonderful staff. Great experience.	
Feb 6 2008 	Great Stay Perfect Location!	This hotel was in a perfect location to experience San Francisco. Close to great shopping, eating, walking distance to China Town or even the Wharf. The staff was very personable, and accomodating. Clean, spacious room. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 6 2008	Awesom Handlery	This Hotel is just great. We stayed at the Handlery in Dec 2007 for 3Days which was not long enough. This hotel has everything at it's front door. Great shopping,trams and buses to take you everywhere.Knowlegeable staff to tell you everything which you need if you have not been to this city before. The room was great we had a family room,it was clean and comfortable. This is a wonderful city and if you can you should go and see it. I would stay at the Handlery again if I get the chance to go again. It is nice to stay somewhere when the staff and people around you are friendly.Thank you Handlery for making our trip a great one.From the Carter Family (Lower Hutt New Zealand)	
Feb 5 2008	Blessed by The Handlery	The American Cancer Society booked our room for us. We were visiting San Francisco to seek a second opinion of my husband's cancer diagnosis. During a time of fear and uncertainty, The Handlery was a home away from home that offered peace and tranquility. It was a mile from UCSF and we were able to walk to the medical visits (the bus line goes right down Geary to UCSF also). Not only was it convenient, but it was a great location to take-in the city; 2-3 doors off of Union Square, close to shopping and the cable cars. We took in a play a block down. We found a great neighborhood restaurant next door with great food and prices. Our suite was beautiful, clean, and spacious. The staff was professional, welcoming and helpful. Thanks to Jon Handlery for his standard of excellence and compassionate heart!	
Jan 29 2008 	Shocked by parking fee	We only stayed at the Handlery one night, and we weren't actually in the hotel much. Our room was small, but it was adequate for our needs. We didn't have a view, but the hotel had character and a certain charm. We had problems finding the hotel parking garage, and were rushed out of our car so the valet could park it. We were shocked the next morning when we discovered that our parking fee (with taxes) was $43. We had only been parked there for about 16 hours. While we were waiting for our car to be brought down, we saw the sign we had missed the day before that listed the parking charge. What we thought was a good value on a room suddenly didn't seem so good.	
Jan 22 2008 	Needs a little TLC	Check in took a while as it seemed as though there was a language barrier between all the english speakers but was happy to get room and retire to double/double room with view of brick walls however I was not worred about this. We found someone elses body hairs in the bathroom so the room was not cleaned properlyDuring the night, it rained and the noise was terrible. My family and I could not sleep at all so I approached the manager stating the issue and after hearing some feable comments where he contracticted himself a few times and I noted the classic phrase from him when I stated &quot;I choose a hotel on being able to get a good nights sleep&quot; to which he replied, &quot;not everyone chooses a hotel to sleep in&quot;???? So if you want a nigth listening to rain, this is your hotel.We were moved to another room which did not have the problem but still was not cleaned properly. I will make arrangements to stay elsewhere in future but maybe I was a one off judging by other opinions.	
Jan 15 2008 	ticking all the right boxes	the hotel itself was in a great location right next to the square. The hotel was gorgeous, although the room was small but in San Francisco it really doesnt matter. Most importantly the staff were excellent. will be staying there again soon hopefully	
Dec 29 2007 	The Handlery and Herme were great	My mom, sister, sister-in-law and I stayed at the Handlery for our yearly Xmas shopping trip. We've stayed at the Handlery now about 10 years. It has always been a great stay, but this year it was exceptional. When we went to check in, the room we usually stay in was being rennovated. Matthew (I think) at the front desk gave another room at a discount that was out of this world. We plan on staying in this one from now on. Also, Herme who works there is totally exceptional - he always brings our luggage to our room and give us all sorts of tips, shopping, restaurants, etc. Wouldn't stay anywhere else but here!!	
Dec 17 2007	Nice Hotel and Great Restaurant	We stayed with a tour bus group of about 60 people this past weekend at the Handlery Hotel. The location was great, about a half block from Union Square. The price was quite reasonable, since we were on a tour. We had a nice room in the historic section, with 2 queen beds and it was decorated nicely and spacious. The other two couples in our group were also quite pleased. We arrived about 11:30am, and two out of three of our rooms were ready, which was a nice surprise. It was a busy weekend in San Francisco, but the staff were all very courteous. The third room was ready at 3pm. We ate at their restaurant, The Daily Grill, and it is highly recommended. The prices were reasonable and the food delicious. It is really a typical old San Francisco restaurant and Bar and the atmosphere was great. We usually stay at the St. Francis, but as this was a group tour, we tried out the Handlery. We would go back in a minute and were quite pleased with it.  We did walk through the St. Francis as it is Christmas time and they usually outdo themselves. Unfortunately, we were very, very disappointed. Their lobby was dark and shabby looking, including the worn and stained chairs in the lobby. It has recently been sold by the Westin Corportation, so maybe that's why it was so disappointing.	
Dec 10 2007 	Phenomenal	The word phenomenal is not always a good thing and in this case it is absolutely true. This place should win numerous awards for the worst possible views in the rooms. When you request a quiet room you get a room with a window that overlooks a side of a building or maybe some roofing or even piping. If you ask for a view room, you end up getting a room that is just noisy and overlooks a beautifully crowded street. I had a &quot;Executive King&quot; room, which was spacious however had the decor you might find on the Titanic, well it seems that was the last time it was renovated, and I was moved to a Club room which overlooked their pool. And a wonderful sight it was. Especially standing out on the front balcony and smelling the cigarette smell come up my way. I can tell everyone now after one night and three room moves I left and went across the street to the Westing St. Francis and for an extra 50 bucks or so I HIGHLY recommend anyone who is reading this to do the same. It is just as close to Union Square and worth the price, sorry to say Handlery is not worth 50 bucks a night. A Motel 6 is in much better condition	
Dec 9 2007 	Clean and Cozy	Great Union Square location. Had a smaller &quot;historic&quot; section room -- quite clean, cozy beds but with 2 younger children, the room was a tight squeeze. We had a great view at the front of Handlery but we also had the noise. Should've requested a quieter room. Staff were all helpful. We did arrive early and our luggage and vehicle were stored until 3:00 check-in time and that was a plus. Overall, a pleasant stay.	
Nov 25 2007	Hated it	Yes, the location is great, but the service is sub-par. The hotel doesn't have it's own gym, they make you go to some gym a block away and pay 10 Dollars for a day-pass. For a hotel that has rather upscale ambitions that's completely unacceptable. Valet is overpriced. When I arrived there in my car, nobody from the hotel would be outside to tell people how you can get to the parking garage. Generally a very tired place. Will absolutely never go back.	
Nov 15 2007 	Great Stay at the Handlery	My wife and I just returned from a terrific 4 night stay at the Handlery to celebrate her 50th birthday. I had notified the hotel of this special occasion and, upon arrival, we were delighted to find a bottle of wine and basket of snacks. Great touch!! We loved the Handlery. We stayed in a lCub Room and it was large, comfortable and well appointed. Great bathroom and bath products; coffee maker in room; plush bathrobes,; great showers, bed; etc etc. I have seen complaints here about street noise, but I can honestly state that we did not hear a peep!! I particularly wouold like to commend the Concierge staff. THey are extremely knowledgeable and couteous---recommended a good and reasonably priced Chinese restaurant; arranged for a wine country tour and airport transport all without a hitch. This hotel is run in the tradition of a family run operation, not an impersonal chain. And above all, the Union Square location is unbeatable. You are steps from Macys and a ton of other stores.We purchased 1/2 price theatre tickets at a booth down the block. We chose not to rent a car and didn't need one. We took BART from the airport, and used the cable cars and MUNI busses to get around just fine. WE also had an excellent dinner at the Daily Grill Restaurant which is adjacentto/built into the Handlery. Good food, large portions suitable for sharing and fair prices. I commend General Manager Jon Handlery and his staff for their professionalism and hospitality and give the Handlery Union Square my highest recommendation.	
Nov 13 2007	Great Location Above Average Hotel!	You really can't beat the location, right in the heart of union square with tons of shops and restaurants to explore. For being an old hotel, I was impressed with the room size and amenities. The only odd thing was how to get to the room--down the hall, through the doors, upstairs, down another hall, to the elevator, to the room...it was kinda confusing! The best thing was the large bathroom vanity area with nice large vanity miorrs, great bath products (the soap is WONDERFUL!), a coffee maker, and 2 robes hanging in the closet. The bed was very large and comfy with lots of pillows. My room also came with a couch and seating area which was very nice. I didn't interact much with the staff, but they all seemed to be nice. You get the San Fran paper delivered to your room in the morning. Also, if you are going to shop at the next door Macy's, they have a coupon at the front desk for 11% off (I used it!!).	
Nov 12 2007 	Smelly Handerly	We stayed at the Handerly Union Square, an OK hotel, I remember it being a wee bit smelly and the pool was out of action at that time. Breakfast not included but a great place next door did a great breakfast. Good Location as 1 minute walk to Union Square.	
Oct 31 2007 	Good central location	Good location but hotel nothing special, a bit tired generally.Rooms a bit small and not very inspiring.Car-parking very expensive at the hotel.Convenient for all the shops and trams so quite a good choice for convenience for tourists.	
Oct 26 2007 	friendly and cosy hotel	We stayed at the Handlery in early march 2007 having just spent a week in Las Vegas at the Luxor. both hotels we enjoyed in different ways. what i like about the Handlery was the friendly atmosphire. the staff we friendly and efficient. The room was very comfortable with all ememities. Our travel agent had obviously informed the hotel that we were on out honeymoon as when we arrived we were greated to a hamper and bottle of Champagne. I prefer smaller hotels so this was absolutely ideal for me and central . Yes, there was a some road noise, but what do you expect in the middle of a large city. it cerainly did not interrupt my sleeping. the restuarant /bar was very good, as were the local Irish vars nearby. i would certainly stay at the hotel again and have receommended it to friends. all staff were great in particular the doorman, (his name escapes me i'm sorry) but he's been there for decades). This review should have been wriiten months ago but finally got round to doing it. Liz and Mike from Wales	
Oct 24 2007 	nice hotel	This was our first trip to San Francisco. We stayed at the Handlery for 4 nights in the Club section. The room was very clean and spacious. We had a room with a balcony overlooking the pool which we were told was a lot more quiet than the ones facing the street. The only downside of the hotel to us is that it's not close to the tourist attractions. We didn't go to SF to do any shopping so we were always taking the cable cars down to the wharf. Next time we'd stay down by the wharf. The cable car turnaround was only a few blocks from the hotel and it came in handy buying the 3 day pass ($16 for unlimited rides) because if not, it's $5 a ride one way! We ate at Lefty's several times and it was excellent. Overall we had a great trip and the only reason I wouldn't stay at the Handlery again is because of the location.	
Oct 22 2007 	Good but noisey location.	If you’re looking for somewhere to rest your head after a long day of sight seeing this hotel was and is fine. If you are so tired you'd sleep through a tornado then its ok.Jeffery on check in was great and we could not ask for more.Rooms are small, but ok. Hotel staff are good. The outdoor heated pool is a bonus. The food was ok as well. And there is loads of good food within moments walking distance from the hotel as well.The only things I can moan about are the noise from local nightclubs and street bands jamming out side the hotel.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great Spot!	A few friends and I stayed at the Handlery Hotel to shop and site see. Talk about location! I was amazed how close it was to the big Macy's and the square area, and there is a large shopping mall with a Nordstrom and Bloomingdales nearby also. We also took the trolley around the area, which was close too.The staff was very friendly, the rooms were very clean and comfortable, and even had a small fridge which was a nice touch. One tip. I stayed in a standard room and my friends stayed in a club room--BIG difference. My friends' room was MUCH bigger and even had a balcony. My room was a bit on the small side, but at least it was really quiet since it didn't face the street, but it did face another part of the building.We got a great rate online--we'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 15 2007 	Disappointed	We came from las vegas to san francisco and stayed in the handlery for 4 nights.Upon checking in the receptionist offered us a room upgrade for $60 a night.This i was unwilling to pay.When we got to our room i could not beleve the size of it ?!?! it was tiny and old with a close up veiw of a wall outside.I am not a moaner as you can see from my other reveiws but the room in need of a make-over it looked like something from 'the waltons' the room came with a fridge which did not work, i rang in a wake up call for 9am which never happened {this call could easily have been to catch a flight }.I was waiting for the lift one day and noticed the fire escape floorplan/map on the wall you could see the size of all the rooms on this ,their was our room 419 the smallest on the floor.Not a great hotel at all.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great hotel great location	My son and I have just returned from a week at the Handlery Hotel in San Francisco. Booked through a travel agent at my request after I had done lots of reading on Trip Advisor. We stayed in one of the club rooms which was a great size - two queen beds, fridge, coffee and tea making facilities, efficient elevators, great pool etc. The location is excellent - just a few minutes from Union Square and public transport. We caught the trolley/tram to Fisherman's Wharf one day which was great and another day we got a taxi down and back which was under $10 each way - cheaper than public transport. The staff at the Handlery were obliging and friendly - we had breakfast there on two occasions which was very nice but other days we went out and about in the neighbourhood. Just a few minutes walk to Chinatown and the other great shopping areas. The club rooms seem to be the best so remember to book one of those which are the newer part of the hotel. There is an entry door from O'Farrell Street which provides access to the club rooms as well which was useful.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great Location Iffy service	For my first trip to San Francisco, my boyfriend and I booked the Handlery in Union Square. The location really could not have been better. We were located on somewhat of a sidestreet so it wasn't too noisy, but we were near a ton of restaurants (some good/some bad) and a LOT of shopping. Our room was on the 7th floor and our view faced onto another part of the building. We had NO view of beautiful San Fran. The carpet and couch in the room were completely stained, which was a real problem for me. The TV got about 20 channels and the bathroom was alright. The bed was very comfortable, we were offered toiletries and were also able to pay for wireless internet. The location and mediocre room ended up being fine, but the cleanliness of the room irked me. I would recommend this hotel for location and overall characteristics, but it was not really luxurious.	
Sep 23 2007	Not bad....	Not a bad place to stay for the price and in a great location. Staff were more then friendly and accomodating. Rooms are reasonably small and bathroom is tiny. Only problem was the double charge per room per night used as a bond....which I found strange. Then it took 7 days for the money to be refunded onto our credit card, so for future travellers, make yourself aware of this if you're not a regular.	
Sep 15 2007	Didn't like this hotel	We stayed in this hotel over the Labour Day weekend. It's in a great location right beside Union Square and very handy for the trams and public transport.Our room was in the old part of the building, the room was about the size you would expect in such a location. The rooms' furniture had loads of stains on it, the carpet had stains where someone had spilled coffee or something like this and it was never cleaned up. The bed was the most uncomfortable i've ever slept in. Generally speaking I found the room to be in need of some attention and some steam cleaning. The windows were drafty and thus there was loads of outside noise. I'm not expecting the Ritz when I stay and 3 star hotels but I do expect some degree of cleanliness. Great location but that's about - i wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 13 2007 	great stay fab location	Stayed in the Handlery for 4 nights as part of our Honeymoon. the rooms were a great size, we got upgraded to a bigger room with a champange fruit basket waiting for us. The staff were brilliant, very helpful and pointing us in the right direction of were to go in the city. The hotel is old but thats just part of the experiance. the hotel was spotless, the location was out of this world, right next to Union Sq. Would recommend to every one	
Sep 12 2007	Nice touch!	My husband,myself and our two (adult) daughters stayed in the Handlery Union Square for four days 8th-12th Aug 2007 on our first leg of our trip which was also incorporating Las Vegas and Los Angeles. The hotel is in a very central position and good for travel to most areas of interest.The staff were very helpful and polite, the room was very much the norm for the US, twin queen beds very nice room.clean and spacious. A lovely personal gesture was the management send my husband and me a bottle of &quot;champagne&quot; and a gift basket for our 25th wedding anniversary (how did they know!)The Daily Grill restaurant within the hotel was great food reasonably priced, Lefty O' Douell's was good for breakfast as was a place on Washinton Square (through Chinatown) called Mama's is THE place for breakfast, be prepared to queue outside for a seat! Dont go to Max's Diner opposite the Handlery, up the block a bit, expensive and horrible! Also if you read this review before you visit San Fransisco and you want to go to Alcatraz book before you go, we couldnt get tickets! Go to Coit tower, Lombard Street, Fishermans Wharf and ride the Cable Car, enjoy yourselves ,. We did!	
Sep 9 2007 	Run like hell!!!!!!	Was visiting friends for 4 days and as they only have a 1 Bedroom Apartment i decided to book a hotel and settled on the Handlery after a travel agent recommended it having stayed there herself. When i got there Supershuttle dropped me at the back of the hotel so i had to walk through the parking garage and next thing i know i'm walking through a hotel corridor with rooms, Strange i think but continue on to pool area. Once at pool area i see a bellhop who tells me to leave Suitcase by stairs as they have no lift from there to Lobby. I go to lobby and check in, She tells me i have a Club room and as i'd booked a Historic Section room i think &quot;Great i've been upgraded!&quot; So i go to find room, 10 minutes of wandering corridors i still can't find room and housekeeping is giving me funny looks, So i go back to reception and they and bellman tell me room is around there, Long story short and another 20 mins later they finally tell me &quot;Oh you should be going up elevator next to lobby!&quot; Which by the way they had previously told me not to do!Get to Room 358 and it is filthy!!!!! Even the cupboards look dirty and there is no bathroom door!!!!! It looks like they've pulled it out! I go to close blinds and blinds rip and fall into my hands!!!!! As i'm jetlagged and considering how incompetant they took to issue my first room i figure whats the point asking for room change and settle in. besides the bed looks cleanI go down to see Concierge and he lazily hands me phone for Alcatraz tour i want to book and acts like my asking him to do some work is a huge imposition! Next few days consist of this;- I find Pin on floor in my room, Notify housekeeping and get no apology and they seem very nonchalant about the whole thing despite the fact it could be a legal liability!- Everytime i see Concierge he's rude and abrupt despite my acting friendly towards him- Pool area is clean but has a cheap motel look to it (Super 8 perhaps?)- As i checkout i'm issued with statement of another gentleman from the UK! As i'm in hurry running late for my flight to hawaii i don't discover this until i'm halfway across the pacific. When i ring hotel from hawaii to let them know this i speak to Front Desk manager and he starts yelling at me (Even though i was calm and friendly to him) telling me to destroy the statement, Interestingly enough he never did ask whose statement it was and when i tell him i only used internet he says something about a movie charge! i was in shock at how rude he was! Still waiting on my visa bill to make sure they haven't incorrectly billed me and a little bit concerned on how secure guests personal details are with them.The Handlery's claim to &quot;Treat Guests like family&quot; well i'd sure hate to be an enemy if this is how they treat family! This is a shoddy establishment and made Hotel Britton look like the Four Seasons (See previous review)	
Sep 5 2007 	midget-beds!	The main reason to stay in the Handlery is, of course, the location. Couldn't be more perfect. But there are a lot of other hotels on the same block, so...The rooms (we had three) were the smallest we 've had during our whole trip, but that's not that bad. Much worse were the beds.Frankly, I'm at loss for words to describe these tiny little beds in these tiny little rooms. It is impssible for two adults to sleep in it. Don't even try, I did, it does not work. Service of the staff was ok, but nothing special. Have had cleaner rooms too. (hairs in the bathroom).I was invited, so I don't know the price, but I suspect that it's barely worth the money, if at all....Next time in San Fransisco, I'm certainly going to try to find another hotel.	
Sep 2 2007 	Good hotel on Union Square	We stayed for 4 nights in May as part of a business/vacation trip. The location is hard to beat since it is within a few blocks of most everything in central SF. For the location the price really hard to beat. We have stayed several times in SF and this hotel is not bad at all when looking at the overall price, quality and location factors. One of the problems in SF is they know the rooms will be booked so unless you want to jump a up a level or two in price class, most hotel rooms look somewhat outdated. The room was clean but since a remodel is due there was a slight shabbiness to certain aspects such the rug. The stafff was helpful yet watch out the night staff who really do not want to be there.... The concierges were great at all times and really worth talking to if you are looking for a tip for the evening. The pool was clean and neat. We did not use the pool but we would have had jumping in for dip after a long day of shopping. It is outdoors (unusual) and protected from the wind and street noise. Quite well done in our opinion. We would stay here again as when we are in SF we are generally looking for a great location and clean rooms which the Handlery had.	
Aug 30 2007 	Location the only great thing	I stayed at the Handlery in August of this year, and was really looking forward to staying there, as it is one of the preferred hotels that the company i work for sells. We are always provided with info on the hotel, which is great, and are shown the pics too of the rooms... they never show however, the rooms not yet renovated... which happened to beone of the rooms i stayed in.I had booked for a twin room ( 2 beds ) as i was staying with my brother, and even reminded the lady at checkin too, when she gave us our room number and key, and we opened the door to our room there was a small looking room, with 1 queen bed in it... After fixing up the mess, we were given another room with 2 dbl beds, which was the most important thing to us.I hope that the renovated part of the hotel looks great, cause the rest of the hotel is nothing to write home about. The location is great though, right across the road from Union Square... that's where the hop on hop off bus goes from, and also macy's and a few other department stores are right across the road too.Other than the mix up with the room, and the state of the bathroom, we had a somewhat pleasant stay at the Handlery..If i were to go again, i would call to make my reservation and make sure that i get one of the new rooms that are pictured on the website..	
Aug 27 2007 	Not as advertised	The Handerly is old. It can be smelly. The &quot;rooftop suite&quot; is isolationist and has no view. When they say &quot;rooftop suite&quot; it's because you will be looking at the rooftop only.The location is very convenient, but I would look around at other hotels in the area before booking here. In hindsight, I would haev possibly chosen a more modern hotel.The lobby was small. One of the concierges was a bit of a brat to us. We did book the &quot;rooftop suite&quot; over the hotel's internet site. It was not anything like what we had expected. We asked for a different room, and they tried to pass off a queen-sized bed for a king-sized bed. You can obviously tell the difference. I just felt like they were trying to pull the wool over our eyes.The new room had two tvs. One in the sitting area, one in the bedroom area. If you used the tv remote on one tv, it would also control the other tv. So at some point, we had two tvs on, when we only wanted one. Very weird.	
Aug 25 2007	hated	right when we stepped foot into room 200, it was haunted...we knew it because a ghost took our things. and they magically reappeared...to scared to repeat full story.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Hotel 	Great location for shops &amp; bars. We stayed 3 nights on our honeymoon and it was perfect. The hotel is lovely &amp; clean, no issues at all with noise, we were at the back but I believe the front rooms can be quite noisy. The hotel is attached to the restraunt &quot;Daily Grill&quot;, great bar &amp; food. If you want somthing really central and good value for money this is a great choice.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Location Decent Hotel	The Handlery is located in Union Square which is a great location to be in. We were able to walk to many interesting places or hop on a bus within a few blocks of the hotel.We were in SF for a convention. We stayed in a standard room. The rooms are very small. However, we weren't in the room that much, so it wasn't a big deal. The furnishings are old. They definitely could be replaced. We were very happy that the room included a fridge. We used it for bottled water and soda. We wished the Handlery had free Wi-Fi. It only has the pay Wi-Fi access. There are many hotels around the area that offer free Wi-Fi, so we will probably stay in one of them the next time if the Handlery hasn't changed.The concierge was very helpful and the whole staff was very friendly. In summary, a decent place in a great location, but needs new furnishings and a few more amenities for our taste.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Hotel in a great location!	We stayed at the hotel while seeing the sights of San Francisco this summer and the location is perfect as sightseeing base.It is a 2 minutes walk from the shops of Union Square and about 5 minutes from the Tram stop which takes you to Fisherman’s Wharf.The hotel was clean and room was a good size.Only downside was poor quality information from the concierge on two occasions. Information related to baseball tickets and the location of outlet malls turned out to be incorrect which meant we missed a couple of opportunities to see / do.	
Aug 18 2007 	Good location needs renovated	The website inaccurately reported the hotel had been renovated. Carpets were worn, common areas not clean and the furnishings dated. Staff was friendly and the location is convenient to shopping and restaurants. Exterior of building looks shabby and spalling is evident. The hotel is not being maintained.	
Aug 18 2007 	Would Never Visit Again!	Where to start?? There were so many things that we weren't happy with. San Fran was our last stop after going to Bangkok, Sydney and New Zealand and we were really looking forward to it.........what a disappointment.The room was so tiny, we couldn't walk around it without bumping into each other or a piece of furniture. It looked shabby, dated and dirty with stains all over the carpet. Also, a very odd smell, sort of musty.There was no view at all - we looked out onto a brick wall so it was also very dark.The bathroom was even smaller and the shower was just an insipid dribble (we had use of more powerful showers at the camper-van sites all around NZ).The cleaning staff weren't that good - thick dust on top of door frames, on top of mirror, hairs in shower cubicle in bathroom etc.All other hotels we went to had a mini bar - this one was completely empty. The coffee provided tasted so awful I couldn't drink it.I know we only had one of the standard rooms, but it really wasn't up to a good standard at all. The whole place needs a complete face-lift.On a positive note, the pool area looked quite nice but we never had time to use it.Would defintely not visit this hotel again.	
Aug 14 2007	A great reasonable choice.	When my husband said that I wouldn't be able to find a reasonable hotel in San Francisco, I said, &quot;Watch me!&quot; The Handlery proved to be a delightful hotel in the center of town. The room's decoration was really lovely with updated furniture, a large closet, and a comfortable couch. My son and I had twin beds and the only negative was that they were quite boingy and a little on the small side. However, they were comfortable and the air-conditioning was good. The only negative about the room was that all the windows faced a wall with other windows, so we just kept the blinds closed and it was fine. The bathroom only had a shower, which was fine for us, but might be a problem for families with small children. The hotel has a restaurant in the lobby called, The Daily Grill, that serves breakfast, but we found the prices quite high unless you order judiciously. The other places in the area also had ridiculously expensive breakfasts. There is a Starbucks nearby, which is always a safe choice. We ate dinner at The Daily Grill our first night, and for the price, I found it a little below average. There are many better choices in the neighborhood, but if you're as tired as we were, it's just fine.	
Aug 10 2007 	The Helpful Handlery	We really enjoyed the location of the hotel and Hermie gave us excellent directions every day. We will come again.	
Aug 7 2007 	good location	this hotel has a good location virtually on union sq although in the taxi from the airport we passed some not very nice areas. The hotel was as you would expect from a city centre hotel very busy the foyer always seemed to be packed our check in was quick and easy we were offered a room at the front or the back we took the back because the receptionist said the front could be very noisy .The room was a triple as we had our 16 year old daughter with us we had 2 double beds and a very small bathroom you wont be swinging any cats in there. We also had a good view of the brick wall. We noticed that there were rooms with balconys overlooking the swimming pool.The hotel has a bar and restaurant attached also open to the public which got busy in the evenings but it had a good atmosphere and nice food.All in all the hotel was clean and efficient a good base for the few days at the start of our holiday.	
Aug 2 2007 	Location locationlocation	Location is key. This is near or accessible to everything. My husband and I enjoyed this hotel. Our queen room was on the small side but clean &amp; quaint. The staff was friendly. The attached Grill restaurant was a little pricey but delicious. There was no view from our room but that was okay. We could walk to so many shops &amp; restaurants. The hotel pool is small but nice. It has an international clientele and the lobby is always crowded. Trolleys, cabs, the square, entertainment are at your front door. I would stay here again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Handlery in San Francisco; great service price and location	My friend and I chose this hotel after many hours on the internet and reading the various reviews from other travelers...many of the reviews we read indicated that the staff was friendly and helpful; this was an understatement! Everyone was extremely friendly and did whatever they could to help us enjoy our stay to the fullest. Most especially, the doorman, Hermie and the Conceirge Dale went above and beyond the call of duty; they were fabulous!!!!!!The hotel was centrally located, it was clean, the room size was adequate (2 adults fit in the room comfortably with 2 double beds), and the price was great! We really enjoyed our stay in San Francisco and believe that the staff at the Handlery helped ensure we made the most of our stay.Be sure to eat at their restaurant; the Daily Grill (right next door) the food is out of this world and the portions are huge. In fact, if you decide to split a meal, tell the waitstaff and they will do it for you at no extra charge! Each of you will receive your ow plate complete with presentation....also, don't forget to save room for the homemade sourdough bread that is served shortly after you are seated.......I recommend this hotel/restaurant to anyone and plan to revisit them again!	
Jul 29 2007 	Central Hotel but a bit tired...	It's a very central Hotel being just off Union Sq. We had 2 rooms during our California trip in this hotel. Both were a bit tired looking but clean. Both rooms had terrible views out the window as they were at the back but at least they were quite. The beds were comfortable. Room safe and TV were ok and functional.Staff were all very friendly and helpful but there was no hotel bar other than the next door resturant! Very easy to get a Taxi as there was 2 stands very near by.Would I stay there again? As a tourist, probably not as I might want to be nearer Fisherman's Wharf.	
Jul 25 2007 	not the best	good location, but that's about all that can be said in it's favour. We booked 2 rooms, both on first floor, one at front of hotel and VERY noisy from street and traffic, with only single glazing not keeping out much noise, other room above function/dining room, noisy until 1am then more noise when staff started work at 6am, got one moved to 7th floor but rooms were drab and bathrooms very small.Won't be back, ever.	
Jul 25 2007 	Nice Hotel fair price	The hotel is located right next to union square, so very central for the downtown area. The room was average, had a TV, hairdryer, toiletries, coffee making facilities, a safe, access to the internet via the TV, fridge.The hotel has its own bar/restaurant next door but didnt use it, but looked pleasant, there is also another bar next door where you can get drinks and food. At the back of the hotel is an Irish bar. There are a few restaurants around this area, but it is mainly shopping.The powell-mason street cable car stop is just round the corner, this takes you all the way to Pier 39. You can walk it in about 30 minutes (be prepared for a couple of steep streets!).At pier 39 there are much more restaurants and a some bars/pubs etc, so if you are looking for evening entertainment you may be better staying in this area. However we did go to Pier 39 on a couple of evenings and it is easy to get the cable car back or there is a direct bus (route 31).Hotel pool small but very quiet and nice. Staff average.We paid $987 for seven nights (not a club room and no balcony), but apparently an upgrade from a basic room. booked direct with the hotel.	
Jul 24 2007	Sktechy Experience at the Handlery	This may be a fluke, but I had a very strange stay at the Handlery in July of 2007. When I arrived in my room, it wasn't clean, and the door was actually propped open. There were used towels and washcloths on the floor and it didn't look completely cleaned.After informing the front desk I took a walk, and returned to find my door propped open (now with my luggage in the room) and the towels picked up, but trash on the nightstand, the previous occupant's VISA bill.The phone didn't work, and neither did the wireless network.Normally hotels in SF or NYC often have quirks like this and you're lucky not to take a second mortgage to pay for it, but I still didn't have a great room experience.The staff is incredibly friendly and professional and so the room experience may just be an abberation.	
Jul 20 2007 	The Handlery Union Square club room was s-o-o comfortable	We stayed at the Handlery Union Square Hotel club room 6 nights. It was the most restful stay that I have ever had in a hotel room. It was pricey but well worth the money.It is within walking distance to transportation and close to the Powell Mason cable car line. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the room, the amenities and the friendliness of the staff.	
Jul 15 2007 	Delightful	We returned last night from a 4 night stay and were delighted with the hotel, its location and staff. We had a club room with balcony, overlooking the courtyard. The room was large, well furnished and quiet. The cleaning staff had our room made up whilst we had breakfast, did a good job and were very polite and pleasant. Same for the front desk, concierge and doormen. It is a way to the club rooms, no big deal, one can take the elevator to L level, and be right on O'Farrell street, without having to go through the hall and lobby. We were amazed at the price and value for a quality hotel on Geary St, we have payed more than double for a smaller room, in a less desirable location. Will absolutely return to this superb establishment.	
Jul 6 2007 	Ideally located hotel	We, a family of three, stayed at the Handlery for six nights at the end of June. The hotel is ideally situated half a block from Union Square, near the main shops and transport areas. As per the previous review, many people stay near Fishermans Wharf, and that's where we were orginally going to stay but the Union Square area is definitely a better option.The room was very generously sized, clean and there was a fridge, which was a bonus. We were in the older part of the hotel but that was fine as it was quite quiet.The staff were friendly and helpful - we requested a bathroom with a bathtub, which we got; the concierge helped me book a wine (and champagne) tasting tour - definitely worth doing; and gave us information about transport back to the airport.	
Jul 5 2007 	Loved the Handlery but would stay in Fishermans Wharf next time	We stayed at the Handlery as part of a Californian round trip. The hotel is situated right off Union Square which is boarded by loads of shops of the chain store variiety. The hotel itself, from the outside, is nothing to look at. However, inside, the check-in staff and the concierge are very helpful and efficent. The hotel is built in a square with only 3 floors and the pool is in the centre of the hotel. The rooms are large and very well appointed, with balconies overlooking the pool. Large super kingsize beds, tv, minibar etc - fairly standard American rooms but very well appointed and very clean. Its only a short walk to Chinatown but a good walk from Fishermans Wharf. As a hotel I would recommend but some distance from the touristy bit of San Francisco.	
Jul 4 2007 	With Aloha!! 	Aloha-Just returned home to Maui after staying at the SF Union Square Handlery for 5 fabulous, fun nights. Our suite was clean, spacious and quiet ( probably except for us!!!) Everyone employed are gracious and go beyond the call to help out in any way possible. Especially Hermie, Rhoda and their security Manny!This was my 4th stay at the Handlery and I will definitly stay again.Thank you guys for the best service and location....With Aloha,leslie	
Jul 3 2007 	Great Value for Money	I stayed at the Handlery for 3 nights at the end of April. It was our first tim to San Francisco. The location was perfect, many people tend to stay in Fisherman's Wharf rather than the Union Sq area, but I can honestly say, the you are better off staying in Union Sq. This is where all the bars, restaurant &amp; theatres are located. Perfect for spending the day around Fisherman's Wharf before it closes. I had a very large Club room over looking the pub opposite on a main road. It was a bit noisy at night, but we are in the middle of a city, so what do you expect? The room very very clean &amp; the bed extrealy comfortable. The service from the staff also very good. I would deffintly stay here again.Oh, &amp; be sure to visit Leftie O'Dools pub/restuarant next door. Very good value for money &amp; excellent free entertainment.	
Jul 2 2007	Good Hotel Great Location	As everyone has already said, the location is top notch for this hotel. It is right on Union Square, great for bars, restaurants and particularly shopping. The hotel itself is really good. We paid extra for the club room and it is well worth it. A really good sized room right next to the pool. The pool is worth staying here alone - an absolute oasis after a hard days shopping. On the downside, the reception staff were inefficient and normally failed with whatever task you gave them and there is no hotel bar ( but the irish bar two doors down is ok) but if you're up late you'll probably be in one of the livelier areas such as north beach or castro, so it isn;t a great problem.Overall a hearty recommendation	
Jul 1 2007 	Loved the Handlery	We have just spent 4 nights at the Handlery hotel in the Club section overlooking the pool. The king room was a good size for the two of us and the bed was comfortable and pillows soft. The bathroom was clean I always like to see really clean towels which they were. A small downside was that our room (316) was a little too near the elevator and although there was no noise from the elevator itself there was from guests coming and going at early/late hours. Staff made us feel at ease and answered all our enquiries and requests quickly and were very helpful. We ate both breakfast and dinner in the attached Daily Grill and were not disappointed by either the prices or the quality of food served. The pool area is a lovely sun spot and the pool was warm to swim in. Altogether a very nice hotel (Club Section) with helpful and willing staff. Would stay again if visiting the Union Square area again.	
Jun 29 2007 	Not worth the price!	The location of this hotel is excellent but the rooms were rather dated and smelt musty (as did the corridors). We were initially given an inner room on the second floor which overlooked a bunch of pipes and the airconditioning unit was incredibly noisy. I complained and they agreed to move us to a room with a view on the third floor. We were then given a room overlooking the street (not a great choice as the noise at night was incredible). After 2 nights I complained again and was told that the hotel was full due to a medical conference. However we returned later and were moved to the fifth floor. We managed to get some sleep on this level but for the price we had pre-paid I was incredibly disappointed .	
Jun 26 2007 	Great little hotel	My wife and I Stayed at the Handlery Union Square for 4 nights from 6th June 07.We where delighted with the location,upgraded room and staff, especially belllman Hermie, great advert for the Hotel.When we go back to san Francisco we woill not consider anywhere else.	
Jun 5 2007	Wouldn't choose again	We found our room to be way too small. Our window faced another part of the building so we had no view. The room/hallways, etc were very clean and I thought the staff was nice/helpful. It was convenient to the convention center, Chinatown, shopping but I would choose something else next time.	
Jun 4 2007 	KUDOS!!!	I really enjoyed staying at the Handlery. I got an excellent price compared to other hotel rates in the union square area. The rooms were modern and average size. I found the beds to be very comfortable. Nice and cushy. Those who prefer hard beds may not like them, but I was in heaven. Staff was very accomodating and helpful. I was greeted every morning along with a smile. They also had a pool which was a pretty decent size. The pool is a great ammenity since not too many hotels in the area offer one.I would highly reccomend the handlery!	
May 21 2007 	Wonderful hotel;wonderful people!	We have just returned from a five day stay at The Handlery, and we could not have asked for a better experience! We were treated like special guests the entire time we were there ( we had never stayed there before). Our entire family was in San Francisco for a wedding, and we all stayed at The Handlery. When our son and daughter-in-law checked in with our little granddaughter, they made very special accomodations so that they would feel as comfortable as possible. We all hated to leave!We would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Francisco, and we will definitely make it our hotel of choice!	
May 14 2007 	Lovely hotel accomodating staff.	I LOVED this hotel. The Room was really comfortable and we were up high so we had a great view. The guy at the check-in desk was so accomodating too. When we got to our room I realised it wasn't a smoking room, which I think was my own fault, I think I forgot to specify when I booked. I called the front desk and although the hotel was very busy, the guy managed to sort something out and got us a smoking room. Considering we were paying the absolute cheapest flat rate, I thought that was very obliging.The Hotel is lovely. It has an outdoor pool on a veranda - courtyard type thing in the middle - looks really cool, but we were there in October so didn't use it!! Apparently is is heated all year round though!The only negative I would have is just my own personal preference. I'm not a big fan of the Union square area. It's just not as nice as other parts of the city. I much prefer Chinatown/North Beach and the Wharf (although the Wharf is sooooooooo touristy, so probably not the best place to stay unless you're into that sort of thing). Also, you have to be careful around the Union Square area. Where this hotel is is perfectly safe, but once you go a few blocks from union sq you're into dodgey areas. There are alot of homeless in this area too - which is not a major problem and I hate to be uncompassionate, but when you're in a bar in the area and EVERY time you go out for a cigarette you get approached by pan handlers, it does get a bit tiresome! (again, I hate to be uncompassionate, but I'm just being honest)	
May 13 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	We just returned from the Handlery spending Mother's Day's weekend in this wonderful hotel. The staff went out of their way to be friendly, accommodating and efficient. We got the Romance Package and it was GREAT. Includes breakfast, champange &amp; chocolates and valet parking. Get the % off your bill for the # of years you've been married. What a fabulous deal we got! Check it out...We have stayed at many hotels in S.F. and found this hotel to be head and shoulders above the mid &amp; high end hotels. We will return to the Handlery again based on the quality of the room (king club size), cleanliness, friendly staff, and excellent service. We also took the Cable Car from Fisherman's Wharf &amp; Pier 39 to within 1/2 block of the Handlery. How convenient! We recommend this hotel with 5+ stars!	
May 1 2007 	hotel set in the 60's	Just returned form our five day stay at this hotel; First of all the location, right in the middle of union square, was perfect.. San Francisco was lovely and the people everywhere were very friendly, possibly a little too much!! However, the hotel is in desperate need of a make over and looks absolutly awful from the outside. Our room was street facing which subsequently meant that we got absolutly no sleep for the week that we were there. Unless you enjoy the constant horn pressing, the bizarre bin emptying at 3am and the odd screaming match between taxi drivers, who have cut each other up. You, too will end up sleep deprived. Each room appears to be different however and other rooms in our party appeared to be quite sweet. Despite this please be very careful with the electrics...Blue sparks were quite common. For the ( uk) women don't even bother taking your hair dryer, cos it won't work, the voltage difference is extremely noticable. Use the one in the bathroom, which despite looking 100 years old, does actually work. Hair straighteners do work...Eventually but you do have to be patient ie plug them in 20mins before you intend to use them and it will take a lot longer. The staff appeared to be very pleasant with us, however if you are a day under 40, take your passport with you everywhere, cos they won't believe that you are old enough to drink! Quite flattering at first but then gets annoying! I would certainly recommend the location of the hotel to everyone, as we had a fantastic time in San Francisco but I'm sure that you could get a nicer hotel for the same price. It really is in desperate need of modernising and double glazing wouldn't go a miss!!!	
Apr 29 2007 	Great Hotel ... wonderful staff ... perfect location in a brilliant city!	Fabulous, quaint hotel with lots of charm. The staff were great, friendly and most accommodating. Hermie (Bellman) was fun and helpful. The Lady Concierge (there are several different ones that work there I know) but the lady who helped us many times (sorry I didn't get her name) was most obliging, a wealth of information and just a gem! Loved San Francisco ... the best overseas city I've been to in a while and would definitely go back there ... and would definitely stay at the Handlery again! Best part of our 3 week trip to the States!	
Apr 24 2007 	Awful Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights - the staff were rude, the hotel was dirty and the whole place stunk like someone had died in it..... we asked for a twin room and it was tiny, 2 tiny single beds that were like a saggy lilo. Overall a horrible hotel and I won't be returning. San fran was amazing tho..	
Apr 24 2007 	Cute quant hotel in a great location	After reading some of earlier reviews of this hotel, I steeled myself for the worst and was pleasantly surprised. It was charming and old-fashioned with lots of atmosphere. The price was fantastic for the location. Handlery is located 1/2 a block from Union Square in a touristy but charming neighborhood. Walking into the bustling lobby was like hopping into a time machine. Check in was easy, I have no complaints about the service. I ended up extending my stay and my key card was accidentally turned off but the front desk fixed the problem promptly. I did notice that sometimes there would only be 1 or 2 harried staff at the front desk during off-peak hours which meant waiting for a couple minutes while they juggled phone calls. My one complaint was that although they offer room service for breakfast, the menu wasn't easy to find and the housekeeper kept forgetting to leave it in my room. As for my room, it was smaller than a typical chain, but larger than most similarly priced European hotels (that Handlery claims to emulate). Unlike many large chains where two queen sized beds are the norm, it seemed like at Handlery you get what you pay for. I asked for a room for one person, and it was plenty roomy for me but I wouldn't have wanted to fit more than two people in there. The bed was a smallish double with very nice linens. The closet strangely, was enormous-larger than the bathroom (which was comfy for one but on the small side for two). There was a small desk and chair in the corner but I just worked on the bed. I can understand the complaints from couples and families. If extra space is important you might want to check when you make a reservations and see if there are larger rooms. Ditto for business traveler who really need a full sized desk. For one person it was fantastic-the privacy of a big hotel with the character of a historical inn.	
Apr 21 2007	Absolutley Loved It	San Francisco is, next to sydney, my favourite city in the whole entire world. Bursting with life and character, one of the most beautiful, fun and intriguing places i have ever been. Seriously there is absolutley nothing better. I just feel so at home there and the Handlery is NO exception. This hotel has everything. It's not five star and ive stayed at my fair share of five star but its definitley my favourite hotel ive ever stayed at. This is because of the homely feel it gives off. It's just so nice to come back to something so comfortable. The rooms are beautiful and have good views of just the life of San Francisco. The service is good and on time and they are very grateful when complimented. The in room dining is very good (room service) and i just cannot stress how homely the whole hotel is. The beds are plump and comfortable beyond belief. So relaxing after such a bussling day. The hotel has a very old school appeal, no flashy hallways but just nicely carpeted hall ways with nice wooden doors. The rooms are that way aswell. The staff are nice beyond belief and the whole hotel is very classic. The food is nothing to get extremley excited over but it is definitley nice and completley relevant. This hotel has not one flaw and is hugely recommended. Family orientated and perfect for the joy that is San Francisco.	
Apr 4 2007 	Wish we could have stayed longer	We just spent 4 nights at the Handlery while we were visiting SF to participate in a friend's wedding. From the moment we walked into the lobby the staff was pleasant and helpful. We paid a little more per night to stay on the Club level and we thought it was a great investment. Large room, great balcony, quiet and clean. We had drinkswith friends in the Grill Restaurant located just off the lobby and had a great time.Several other members of the wedding party stayed 2 blocks away at the &quot;swanky&quot; Clift Hotel and we couldn't have been happier that we weren't staying there. The Handlery was not luxurious, but provided a clean, pleasant atmosphere in the heart of Union Square. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Mar 23 2007	Happy until we were charged twice months later	Staying here for a few days was good enough except for the overly-soft bed that killed my back which I felt when I returned home later.The worst thing of all was that 2 months later, the hotel charged us again from our credit card. We telephoned &amp; was told there was no record of payment &amp; they thought we left without paying. How is it even possible to believe that when we handed back the keys, received our receipt, etc? Eventually, our original payment was located &amp; we received a refund &amp; whilst we weren't upset about the error happening, the fact they didn't bother to contact us BEFORE deducting our credit card willy-nilly did. They could have telephoned or emailed (they had been emailing advertising with no problems) to enquire but didn't bother so we had to call them at our expense (international). The lady who sorted out the problem was apologetic &amp; handled it all quickly &amp; efficiently &amp; offered to refund any difference with the exchange if it went against us. We did lose out with the exchange rate plus the telephone calls but we couldn't be bothered pursuing this further &amp; just wanted it ended.	
Mar 23 2007 	Handlery Hotel Valet parking scracthed my car!!!	The Handlery Hotel's valet-only cement garage parking scratched my car door, they requested me to fill out a claim form, then request re-fax because they said they could not read it. Now I received a letter saying I didn't report the damage before I left their garage so they are denying the claim. So why didn't they say this upfront instead of requesting claim form, re-send, etc.? Handlery Management did not even have the courtesy to call me and talk to me about it. Not an acceptable reply from the Handlery Hotel operation. Also the 1st room they gave us was next to a noisy Ice Machine, got them to move us to another room but the Ceiling Duct Ventilation Air Fan ran all night keeping me awake, they fixed the next night after I complained but gave no credit for the miserable night in their malfunctioning room AND damaged my car! I was happy to leave and arrive at my own quiet home to finally get a good nights sleep. I noticed the damage when I got out in my own driveway and promptly called them, approximately an hour and half after departing theri gloomy cement garage. Shame on them for neglect and damage to my car that I trusted to their possession. More to come.	
Mar 22 2007	Terrible staff but club room is great	Our family stayed in a club room for 2 nights in February. We didn't see ANY employees smile during the three days except the waiters in the hotel restaurant. We felt that they didn't care if we stay or not. Their location is great and the rate is reasonable, so they are not worried about losing unhappy customers.It is not easy to go to the club rooms from the lobby. You need to go out of the building and enter another one in the back, not to mention there are twentyish stairs you need to take. It would be difficult for the guests who have lots of luggages. We didn't see any signs directing us to the club rooms. The direction was only provided verbally by the front desk staff and it was not clear enough to the first time visitors. I think a hotel map should be showed to club room guests when the direction is given. One of the front desk employees was very inexperienced of dealing with complains and was rude. The room itself is great except the noise at night from the street. I was waken by the siren both nights. Our room was facing O'Farrell street and the view was good. That was why we didn't request room change. The other option is to have a room facing courtyard/pool. We just didn't like it.I don't want to stay in this hotel ever again.	
Mar 14 2007	Hovel Musty Smell Poky Bathroom	Lobby was Shabby- Upholstery in Bedroom filthy, Musty smelling bedroom and could not swing a cat in the bathroom. General cleanliness was disgusting- would not recommend at all. Only great thing was the location- that's where it ended!	
Mar 13 2007	Good location but dissapointing hotel	My wife and I booked the Handlery on a recommendation made by a friend for the San Francisco part of our California roadtrip down route 1. As other reviews say, the location is good for the downtown shopping, getting to galleries and other spots (some may find the location too 'urban', with lots of homeless milling around, but we're from London so we're used to it!). However, we found the hotel to be only dissapointment amongst anumber of good hotels (at varying price levels) that we stayed in on our trip. Really it comes down to variable service and the hotel being in need of modernisation face lift.When we first checked in, we had polite but hardly friendly service. The initial room they showed us was dark (with only small window onto a dark courtyard) and next to the escalators so we asked to have another room. The next room, which we ended up taking, was small, with not much space beyond the bed, had a low ceiling and faced out onto the street. But it was clean so we took it. However, when we went down later to get the door key changed to the new room we found the man on the front desk very rude and treated us very suspiciously before changing things over.Checking out was hardly better. We decided to leave a night early (despite having paid in advanced for all nights of our stay via expedia) and to head up to Marin County to stay a night with friends up there (which seemed a much better proposition). Again cool service on the front desk and they tried to charge us an extra day for the extortionate $42 for parking. Finally they then lost our bags for 20 minutes when got to the garage to pick up the car.Anyway, as other reviews alude, the Handlery has some period character, and that may be true, but its desperately in need of modernising inside the rooms and in the public areas. We also found the corridors on our floor to be very dark and dare I say a bit smelly. However, on the upside, the price was good, hence why the rating isn't the pits.Ultimately we won't be going back.	
Mar 12 2007 	Average Handlery very average!	Stayed 5-12th February. Had stayed some 15 years ago at the hotel (not that I remember much about it then!)Arrived early after a very long flight hoping to get into room early, wasnt available but promised it by 3 which was ok.Conceige awful, unfriendly and no help at all. No bellhop available to take care of bags at checkin, and as room wasnt ready wanted to leave bags at hotel! Conceige rather unhappily agreed to help.Room was in moderate condition, quite dark during the day but fittings fine as well as decor.No real issues with the place, it served it's purpose - but staff were overly rude or even worse, simply uninterested!Probably a good hotel for families or those on a short stay, we stayed for a full week and the long distance between the club wing and the main hotel got to be a bit of pain after a while, especially when carrying huge amounts of shopping (our own fault I suppose!).Quite old-fashioned in a way - particularly the hair salon which seemed like it had been transplanted from another century! Still amusing to walk past every day.Wouldnt stay here again	
Mar 12 2007 	Great Little Hotel	For our first trip to SF we picked the Handlery out of the list provided by Orbitz. We weren't disappointed. Although we don't use many hotel services, those we did require were excellent. All staff we had contact with were very friendly and anxious to be of service. The room was quite nice and certainly worth the price. The only negative was the fact that we found the restaurant pricey, but there were many other choices with in two blocks. All is all, we highly recommend this little jewel.	
Mar 10 2007	Older-Style Union Square Hotel With Charm	Nice hotel older-style San Francisco hotel in great location just steps from the tourist shopping mecca of Union Square. Smaller rooms typical to older SF hotels, the Handlery is clean and well appointed. Rooms are small, but again, typical to the hotels of this area and era. If you like character, a location is a must, but can hamdle a smaller your the Handlery willbe great. If you need ammenities, space, a 4-star plus try some of the higher priced options. If not, enjoy...	
Mar 5 2007	Great Introduction to San Francisco	My husband and I stayed at the Handlery March 2-3-4. We loved it ! The price was competitive, our room was small but very clean and the staff couldn't have been nicer!From the minute we walked in we were greeted with big smiles and friendliness and when we left we were encouraged to come back soon. Desk staff Erica and Manny were great and John, the concierge was wonderful. he gave us good tips and directions that were flawless.Saturday night we asked if we could change rooms because we had the neighbors from Hell and the change was made quickly and kindly. No questions asked.We ate our meals at The Daily Grill and found the menu to be varied and everything we had was delicious. Again, everyone was very friendly and helpful.We would go back again in a minute.	
Mar 3 2007	Fanstatic location loved the hotel brilliant concierge.	Stayed at this Hotel 15, 16th of Feb. What a fantastic location. The trams run within 30 yards of the door, Union square and Macy's are the same distance away. The rooms are very clean and comfortable there is more than enough space for a family of 4 as we are.I have to compliment the concierge, in particular a guy called Hermy, he could not do enough to make our stay a good one.He arranged everthing we needed to get back to the airport, all we needed to do was turn up on time. Fantatsic guy, give him a good tip !!	
Feb 26 2007 	Great Location - slightly dated	Great Location. Having stayed in San Francisco a few years back we chose this hotel due to its location and the reviews posted here. Upon arrival we were told that there was no double-rooms left and they would upgrade us to a suite by the pool. That sounded nice, however beware - some of the suite rooms are directly off the pool area which might be noisy in peak times, also this was an adjoining room and in previous hotels we've had issues with noise from the adjoining doors. The rooms were ok, if a little dated. We were ok for noise though as the pool was closed for renovation and our view was simply some orange plastic tape (ok for two nights, but might have complained if we were there for longer!). Staff pleasant. The attached restaurant and bar are good locations to chill out.	
Jan 24 2007	Gave me faith in America	I spent a month in America and Canada over new years and into january with my fiance. Our last stop was the Handlery and boy what a relief! I really enjoyed this hotel. Had an terrible time in most of the U.S, and before i stayed there i had given up. But was very pleasently surprised. Our room was more comfortable than the Banff springs hotel in Canada. Even though i much prefer Canada to the U.S i did enjoy sanfrancisco, and this hotel had a lot to do with it. The bell boys were fantastic, special mention to Hermie who went out of his way to make our stay as good as possible. We had a great view over the city streets , my only slight grievence was the noise, but hay , this is Sanfrancisco.Congratulations Handlery, if i ever return to the U.S this little aussie will be visiting you again. I intend to explore your San Diego resort also thanks to what Hermie told us about it.	
Jan 17 2007 	Good location but old and smelly	Stayed here for 2 nights between Christmas and New Year. The hotel is in a great location ,but we had requested non-smoking and were given a smoking room. Had to be moved. No view and dark room (stained carpet) with an odd smell about the entire hotel, I guess this is because it is old. Room size okay but bathroom small. Staff not overly helpful. Uncomfortable pillows but quite clean. The hotel Grill and bar was quite good. Would look for somewhere else next time.	
Jan 15 2007 	Nice hotel great location.	My new hubby and I stayed her in August 2006 at the end of our honeymoon. This is a nice hotel - its not cheap, but you pay for the location really. Its just off Union Square and the tram stops at the corner. The restaurant in the hotel is a little pricey and so I'd suggest going out for food. There is a nice little cafe on the square with tables outside so you can people watch - and enjoy the atmosphere.The rooms are clean, the staff are very good and the concierge's were excellent.Top tips: There is an Irish Bar (O'Riely's) on the street behind, which has live music and does good food - definitely go there.Go on a trip called Shopping and Sipping - run by a nice guy and you get to do a Winery as well as a outlet mall - brilliant!	
Dec 20 2006 	Fantastic Location	We stayed here for two nights as part of a work holiday. The location is fantastic, within a 1 minute walk you are in the heart of Union Square with numerous shops and restaurants to choose from. We chose not to eat from the hotel's restaurant and instead walked around the corner to an Irish Pub which served cheap breakfasts, lunches and dinners.Rooms were of a good size with 2x Queen Size beds, large TV enclosure and reasonable size bathroom. Rooms looked out across to their other accommodation block, but the amount of time we spent in the room it honestly didnt matter. Everything was clean and tidy. Rooms were serviced daily with clean towels :-)	
Nov 21 2006 	Great place and location	Excellent stay for 5 nights. Have stayed in the sister hotel in San Diego and this is the same high standard. brilliant location right on union square. A large room with all of the usual stuff you expect in the USA. Great standard of hotel for a great price . The only warning is if you want a quiet night the rooms at the front are a little noisy from the traffic on the street, but hey get out and enjoy it and you will be too tierd to care. ! Check out the Gold Rush bar around the corner , a fab little place. Its all in the location baby !	
Nov 17 2006 	Helpful staff good location	We stayed three nights at the Handlery and all contact with staff showed them to be very pleasant and helpful. We stayed in a club room which was larger than the standard - a real bonus when travelling with a number of suitcases. The location is good being adjacant to Union Square and close to shopping, restaurants and the cable car.	
Nov 6 2006 	Lovely hotel	Got their late at night after an exhausting delayed flight, Dont travel TED (UA). Hotel quickly booked us in and brought up our bags, there was a botel of bubbly waiting in ice which had melted, due to us being late. Staff and housekeeping where polite and friendly, room service was great.What did it for me about this hotel was the location, a stones throw from union square, around the corner from china town. Loads of designer stores and shopping malls. A 5min taxi ride to the piers. I would reccommend taking a helicopter ride of the city.	
Nov 4 2006 	poor front of house staff	we just completed a 2 week holiday to LA and San Francisco staying in 4 hotels. The Handlery was the only one we werent happy with because they didn't seem to care whether we were there or not , much less if we were enjoying our 4 day stay. The worst offender was probably the concierge who seemed to think we were honoured to have him sell us our MUNI passes. The bellboys were friendly and efficient. Shame about the rest though, cos with good front of house staff it could have been much nicer. The location was great, the beggars intimidating for the elderly member of our party and unpleasant for the rest of us.	
Nov 1 2006 	Can't beat the location	Location, location, location - need I say more. This hotel is in the centre of the CBD, close to the trolley cars, buses and BART station. As a family of five travelling from Australia, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Handlery. We had a corner 'family suite' in the front older part of the hotel which had plenty of room for us and all of our luggage. The smaller room held a double (or queen?) bed while the adjoining room for the kids was huge with two twin beds and a fold out double sofa bed. With the sofa away, we had a large lounge area with coffee table - perfect for lolling around in after a day on the streets of San Franciso.This kids also enjoyed the pool - which was outdoors but heated. Nearby there are plenty of family friendly options for food, including a Walgreens around the corner where we were able to buy breakfast supplies (there was a fridge in the kids room). The Irish pub next door has a fantastic dinner buffet, and the bar around the corner has a champagne happy hour and live music (for Mum &amp; Dad's time out).My tip for family's is to use the BART to travel back to the airport. We easily wheeled 7 suitcases between us (yes 7) to the station as it is all downhill and caught a fast and clean BART train to the airport terminal for a fraction of the cost of an airport bus. More money to spend in the wonderful shops in Chinatown!	
Oct 27 2006 	Terrific hotel in a great location	We travelled with another couple for our anniversary celebration and San Francisco was our last stop in California. We had booked 2 nights at the Handlery and wish we could have stayed a few days longer. The hotel was attractive &amp; clean, the staff professional and because it had been noted that it was our anniversary, Mr. Handlery came out to welcome us and our club rooms had a beautiful basket of fruit &amp; champagne when we arrived. This was all a very thoughtful &amp; nice touch. The rooms were clean and had comfortable king sized beds and very nice bathrooms with plush bath towels &amp; bathrobes and a nice little balcony overlooking the courtyard w/pool and all the amenities you would expect. We were in the newer section and everything was just fine and we would stay at this hotel again in the future.The location is central to all &amp; San Francisco is a great city. We're from NYC &amp; this city reminded us somewhat of a smaller NY &amp; it's neighborhoods of some of the boros. We walked all over (be sure to bring sneakers or good walking shoes cause some of the streets are unbelievably hilly) &amp; when we weren't walking we took the cable cars (get the day passes, much less expensive).	
Oct 24 2006 	Brilliant location!	This is a great base for exploring San Fran - right in the heart of Union Square next to Macy's, good restuarants, Chinatown and the Tram! It was the end of our holiday and we spent 3 nights here after staying in 4/5* hotels. At first i was a little disappointed with the room. A little small, no view and a little noisy but the bed was comfortable, hotel very clean, staff lovely and we used the hotel as a base for our tours and to shop! I used to book this all the time when i was a travel agent so glad i got to stay here. Friends who stayed in Westin St Francis opposite preferred our hotel - definite recommondation from me if you want a clean comfortable base!	
Oct 22 2006 	Overpriced.	Although eventually we were happy with our room, we did have to ask to be moved from the original one allocated. We had booked a king size room also requesting a quiet location (after reading reviews on Trip Advisor). We got a good sized room, but everything seemed a little tired.Pleased with the front desk for not hesitating to change our room. Well located hotel and helpful conciege recommended a good Thai restuarant for us to try. We ended up eating there twice.	
Oct 21 2006 	Where to start? Just really really disappointing	As I said, where to start? My husband and I spent a month travelling around California in September and early October. San Francisco was one of our early stops. Supposedly it was to be the highlight at the end of a relaxing 10 day trip up the PCH before we headed off to Lake Tahoe and then Yosemite and Death Valley. Figuring we'd be exhausted after moving on every 2 days we booked the Handlery for 4 days. I've visited San Francisco twice before - but the most recent time was 7 yrs ago. And BOY has the city changed! When booking a hotel I avoided Fishermans Wharf area because it was a real dive the last time I was in the city. Instead, I remembered how central and relatively nice Union Sq was. I read trip advisor reviews and the Handlery seemed to be a good option at the time - plus I managed to get a park and pay deal, which when parking is around $40 a day is a big saving across 4 days.Clearly 7 years is a very very long time. I found the city reversed! Sure Fishermans Wharf is now a not very authentic tourist area but compared to Unions Sq it seemed slightly more pleasant - and generally the hotels were a good deal cheaper. Unions Sq was wall to wall beggars - literally one every 10 feet on the sidewalks and had an overriding stench of urine. I work in London, UK so I'm not exactly immune to city life but this has to be the worst case of vagrancy in any city I have ever visited - and the San Francisco I knew 7-10 yrs ago was nothing like this. Now, I have no idea if this is a real problem, although some guide books advised that the beggars ship themselves in from the suburbs and this is their job. I have no idea but the city needs to do something - both to clear up the city and to help those in need.Anyway, as for the Handlery. Well, the staff were mostly nice although not very helpful - except the guy who worked on the front door, i think he was called a &quot;loss prevention officer&quot;! He was really great - the only employee in the hotel with an ounce of initiative. He seemed to continually keep an eye out for people who were needing attention and then just help them even though it was clearly not his job. For example, one day the bellhops desk was completely unattended yet he came over, asked us the problem - which was just that we wanted to drop off some laundry (another rant by the way - $4.50 for a pair of underwear? I don't think so!) and off he went with our laundry and came back a minute later with the receipt. I really wish I remembered his name because somebody should give the guy a raise. The concierge on the other hand should be given a talking to - useless and rude.The first room we were given on the 7th floor was tiny, dark and right by the lift shaft - a bit like a cell. I immediately went to the front desk and to their credit they did find us another room on the 10th floor which was nicer - although still a disappointment. I don't know why but the rooms just don't live up to their pictures. It's really weird - we just got our photos back and my husband and I have been showing them to people and they're like what's wrong with it - it looks nice. I agree, it does in the pictures but in the flesh - No. The inch of dust on the skirting board didn't help. The bath towels are the size of what in the UK we call hand towels! Also, I'm sorry but someone needs to tell the hotel that they are based in a city - not having drapes or blackout blinds is insane. The only window covering was a wood slat venetian blind which hung away from the window so people across the way - or indeed the workmen working on the exterior of the building could see inside - not great when you want to get dressed. Plus at night the light streaming in is quite disturbing. Oddly, the noise other people have complained about didn't bother me at all - probably because on the 10th floor we were far removed from it.I definitely won't be going back to this hotel and I would actively recommend against it. Frankly, I'm not sure I'll be heading back to San Francisco any time soon either. Who knows, maybe in 7 yrs it'll be back to the charming city I got to know before.	
Oct 16 2006 	excellent location.	It was our 2nd stay at this hotel, again we were happy with our stay. When we checked in we requested a quite room, we were allocated over- looking the pool, it was very quite. (our previous trip we were on the front of the hotel and it was very noisy)Nice clean room and i would grade it at a 3*.The hotel has an excellent location just off Union square.	
Oct 14 2006 	Great Location	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights on our way back to the UK. Plus points - The hotel is in a great location on Union Square and the inside of the hotel looked very nice. Trolley Bus stop was on the corner.Minus points - Room was noisy and one of the concierge staff was unhelpful.Overall though I did like this hotel and would stay here again.	
Oct 12 2006 	CITY CENTRE WITH KIDS	We stayed at the Handlery for 4 days whilst touring in California with Friends - we had 4 children of ages 17;16;12;12 between us. For a City Centre hotel it was very spacious - we booked the Club rooms which obverlooked the pool and were pleasantly surprised. The hotel was friendly with all staff very helpful. The pool was an added extra which very few City Centre hotels had - the younger kids loved it albeit it wasn't heated and despite really nice, and warm weather it was freezing. The location is very central and easy to get around the whole city - which is very compact - buses, trams, taxis are all very handy. We went on a guided tour of the city shortly after we arrived and it really gave us our bearings and let us know where to head off to explore further. We were very surprised to note that despite us having to cancel the first night of our booked stay at virtually no notice being given to the hotel, due to being delayed overnight in Chicago Airport, we were not charged for the rooms - we fully expected that we would have been. We were advised in advance not to hire a car in SF and this was good advise with car parking being in the region of $30 per day.	
Oct 12 2006	Loved it! Recommended! (mostly)	We had a wonderful week in San Francisco and really enjoyed the Handlery. I can't imagine a more perfect location and it's really a nice place. We had a club room and had hoped to get a balcony but they weren't available when we got there. However, our room did have a giant sliding glass door that we really enjoyed. We appreciated the coffee maker and little fridge, too--we bought fruit at the Ferry Building farmer's market and we kept it cooled. We didn't use the robes or the shoeshine machine but they were a nice touch. Also, they had a scale in the bathroom--guess it's to keep us honest with all the wonderful food in the city. As I said, there were just a couple things that keep me from giving the Handlery a 5. We had a few issues with the staff--all of whom were very friendly but generally, not that helpful. First, I had done a lot of research planning our trip and emailing different hotels to see about getting a smoking room. The Handlery was one of the few places that indicated that it was likely--no promises--but likely. As suggested, we emailed a day ahead reminding them of the request. When we arrived we asked again and the clerk said, nope, none available. It hadn't been promised but it sure didn't seem like they made any attempt either. We were there a little early and I’d have felt better if he had at least been willing to check to see if a smoking room might be cleaned and readied later—anything—if he’d just acted like he cared at all, but it was just “no”. We might well have ended up choosing the Handlery anyway but a lot of the decision was made because they indicated we could probably get the smoking room and after being there I’m guessing that they have very few available. *Note--on the positive side, smoking was allowed at the pool area, which was just a level down and very near our room so my brother didn't have to go out and huddle in the hotel doorway like so many other people we saw at many of the non-smoking properties. The other issue was with the internet connection. We didn't go to SF to surf the net or to work but we both had a couple loose ends to take care of for work. My brother travels for a living so has to connect from hotels wherever he is, so he knew that the problem was not just his computer or his settings like they implied. Long-story-short, they ran us around for several days before a bellman finally admitted that most people had to take their laptops elsewhere and advised us that there was free wi-fi at nearby Union Square. We never found out if it was a temporary problem or they just don't actually have internet available but if they had been honest from the start we could have made other arrangements. Once again, the staff was extremely pleasant but their lack of honestly caused both a lot of frustration and a few problems. *Tip: For the club rooms, the hotel garage entry on O’Farrell is actually much handier than the hotel’s front door. Just a doorway down from there is a little print shop called Cyber Copy where they have internet access available. The guy has a bunch of computers already set up and online so no bothering with special logins or passwords to get connected. He just scribbles your time on a scrap of paper and you bring it back when you’re done and you can even get pages printed if you need. And he’s cheap, too—I think it was $8 an hour broken down every 15 mins. For people who just need to check their emails occasionally it’s probably a better deal than paying for internet in your room—even if you can get it to work.A note about the noise: I'd seen complaints in this forum about noise at the Handlery and many other hotels night. I thought these must be sensitive folks from quiet towns or 'burbs not used to city sounds. After being there, I got it! It is NOISY at night. A couple evenings, after midnight someone started playing music on the street corner below. Another night a fight broke out and went on and on until the cops showed up with sirens blasting. Complaints about the garbage collections are legit too. I thought people posting that were just nit-picking, but this is one loud-mother operation! For us it usually started around 1AM and went on for about an hour while city workers pick up trash cans left out on the sidewalks--with the perpetual safety-beepers blaring, clanging-banging, and noisy mechanical lifts jamming it into the trucks, working their way block by block. We survived. I was able to tune it out reasonably easily after the first night. Maybe the trick was all the walking we did and climbing up &amp; down those near-vertical streets so we were dead tired by bedtime. But I'd advise anyone who is sound sensitive to pick up a white-noise machine or even just run a loud fan to help tune down the decibels. We were on the 3rd floor but I think it was loud enough that even the higher floors might get their share of the noise. Once again, this isn't an issue with the Handlery any more than any of the other hotels in the area. It's the trade-off to be in a such a great location. Overall, despite the few issues with the staff, we really did enjoy staying at the Handlery and our entire trip. We would definitely stay there again. It would be a great choice for most people unless you are a smoker and you absolutely object to stepping out to smoke or you need to use your computer in the room. Bottom line was that it was very clean and so comfortable after being out exploring the city all day. Not luxury—but it more than met our needs. One last suggestion: Skip the Daily Grill attached to the hotel and eat at the Irish bar next door--forgot the name now. It's not fancy at all but they've got very good comfort food, meat &amp; potatoes, and more. They serve late and are very reasonably priced. We give it a big &quot;thumbs up&quot;!	
Oct 11 2006 	Not Bad But There Are Better Options	About me: 24 years old. Female. American. Traveling with fiance to a convention. From Connecticut, USA.The good stuff:What a great location; right in the center of the city and super close to fabulous shopping.Really comfortable pillows! Oh my gosh! I forgot to look to see what they are, but they were fantastic.NO BAD ARTWORK on the walls! (This is probably a bigger deal to me than most people...) The room decor was really great.Heated outdoor pool! The bad stuff:I noticed that several of our friends, staying within a few blocks of us, had similar hotel rooms for a lot less money and got a lot of nice little service perks with their stay; free breakfast, a complimentary wine reception.Long, dark hallways (which could be bad or a &quot;whatever&quot;).Room service didn't make our bed all the way one day. The pillows were left on the floor.Kind of noisy where we were on the third floor facing Geary Street.4:30 am on our last day, someone pulled the fire alarm (false alarm)r. We rushed to the lobby thinking it was a fire, and left our room key. After getting clearance to return to our rooms, we asked for another copy by saying &quot;Room #&quot; and were given one without anyone checking to see if we really belonged to that room. What a great way to scam your way into someone's hotel room!Two traveling business men told us to &quot;lock up our valuables&quot; because they were robbed.Summary:Not terrible, but there are better places to stay, and we won't be here again.	
Oct 7 2006 	Spotty Service Great Location	Front Desk service atrocious. Very aloof, lost luggage in hotel! Stayed for 4 days, rooms comfortable but noisy-even club area. LOCATION and tour groups is what saves this hotel.	
Oct 4 2006 	Not Great and very noisy	Stayed 23 to 25 Sept inclusive.Arrived 10am - Check in fairly quick. Bags stored until room ready after 3.30pm.Room on 7th Floor - Very noisy due to street noise (OK it is in a busy shopping district) A/C was noisier than street noise and essential if you were to breath as bedroom window was sealed and temps were in the 70's. A/c was too noisy!.Hotel is central so good for shopping and close to the Powell/Mason Cable car. Tip go the stand at Powell at busy times for a reasonable chance to get on. Breakfast at Lefty O'Douls four doors down from hotel is better value than Daily Grille.Go to Powell and take the F street car to Fishermans Wharf, very scenic and a lot less crowded than Cable Cars. Lots of panhandlers on the streets.Choose another hotel if you can this one is not great value.	
Oct 4 2006 	A Must Stay	My boyfriend and I stayed one night at The Handlery Union Square and my only complaint is it was for just the one night. The hotel facade is reminiscent of Manhattan hotels, the staff is very warm and personable, and the rooms are very well appointed. The bed was so comfortable we didn't want to leave it. Another nice feature was the heated pool (pools are hard to come by in S.F.). We had a club room on the 8th floor with a balcony. The view of the Square was to die for! I am a hotel booking agent in San Diego and I will highly recommend The Handlery Union Square to anyone heading for Frisco.	
Oct 2 2006 	Return guests	We stayed here during the last week of Sept , at the tail end of our trip to the US. We had stayed before but having read some more recent reviews of the property (particularly that of other NZ travellers) we were a little apprehensive. Our apprehension was short lived. We arrived early evening and our room was ready and bed turned down. Check in was a little slow as only one person was on the desk - but as more travellers arrived another person came to assist. We stayed in the club room overlooking the pool as having stayed before we knew our room would be nice and quiet and a little more spacious. The room was very clean throughout our stay. Coffee/tea were replenished daily. We had an ample supply of towels and liked the soft robes. We had a lovely meal in the daily grill one evening and were able to make a reservation for this - having learned from the previous night when there was a very long wait.Whilst the male conceirge was rather aloof - he did make dinner reservations at a restaurant for us, advised us on which half day trip to take and also organised the airport shuttle. A word of warning allow yourself adequate time for uplift of bags if they have been stored for the day as the bell is often away on errands. Same advise regarding the conceirge - we needed to wait almost half an hour for him to return from his break as no one at the front desk was able to help - despite the sign suggesting ask at the desk if the conceirge was not available.Definitely a good location and value for money - we make this comparison based on the accomodation and facilities we had in San Diego on the first part of our trip. The Handlery is in our mind worth a stay if you are prepared to deal with the slightly tempramental elevators - but then again you can always take the stairs.	
Oct 1 2006 	Great stay at the Union Sq. Handlery Hotel	My husband, myself, my sister in law and her 2 grown daughters all stayed 3 nights here September 27-30, 2006.We were in club room #763 and the 3 girls were in #445. We were checked in right away, the bell person was VERY professional &amp; prompt and their whole check in process was just fine &amp; quick.Our room was just exactly as the web site pictures depict. Bed was VERY comfortable, maid service very good, plenty of towels, supplies, etc. We had a balcony room overlooking the pool which was nice.The concierge seemd to be quite busy every time we went into the lobby, we did not have occasion to use them, but they definitely were being used by other patrons. The bell people were quick to help with anything, really tried hard to get a cab for you, give directions, etc----always with a smile!The restaurant seemed nice, we only had 1 breakfast there &amp; one time we had cocktails &amp; an appetizer--all were good and the service very nice &amp; friendly.This is a fabulous location for shopping, sight seeing, theaters, Chinatown, restaurants and really centrally located for almost everything in San Francisco.We would definitely stay here again and highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great hotel great location.	Stayed at the Handlery for a week at the beginning of September and could not fault the place. Room was to the front of the hotel and we could see Union Square from the windows, the room itself was nicely decorated and was cleaned thoroughly every day. The staff were all very friendly and the Concierge very helpful with everything from tickets to reserving a table at a restaurant. The location is probably the best thing about the hotel with Union Square right on the doorstep. The Daily Grill restaurant next door is a must for a great steak.All in all my wife and I had a superb time in San Francisco before moving on to Las Vegas.	
Sep 28 2006 	Great Hotel in a great location	My family of 4 (2 Adults and 13 &amp; 9 sons)stayed at the Handlery SFO in September 2006 for 4 nights and we all loved it. The hotel is very well set up for children, we had one of the family rooms in the older part of the hotel and it was excellent with the kids having a seperate bedroom without the expense of a seperate room, the lounge area was another bonus. It was my second stay at the Handlery and I have enjoyed it each time.	
Sep 18 2006 	We loved the Handlery - Staffordshire England	We stayed at the Handlery August 14th to 19th and thought it was great. We had booked a club room and asked for a high floor if we faced the street (to keep the noise down). We arrived at 12.30am and the receptionist was very helpful and had our bags sent up to our room. The room was large, clean quiet and on the 6th floor. All of the staff were very pleasant and always said hi when they met you. The female concierge was very helpful and gave some great restaurant recommendations - particularly the Mexican across the road. I cannot praise the hotel enough. I thought it was great value and the location is ideal. The negative reviews on this site do not reflect the hotel that we stayed in and should we travel to San Francisco again I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel. The bar next door in the Grill Room was good (the best Cosmopolitan in San Francisco!)	
Sep 12 2006 	Excellent Stay at the Handleray	We spent 2 nights at the Handleray en route to Hawaii - the first stop on our honeymoon.When we arrived, our room was instantly upgraded, and complimentary Champagne and a welcome basket was waiting for us in our room.We were told that the Hotel Owner wanted to greet us personally, but unfortunately, he wasn't available!The room was first class - spacious, comfortable and very clean.Just minutes away from Union Square, restaurants, theatres trolley buses and cable cars.The staff were friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. Would certainly recommend.	
Sep 9 2006 	An absolute gem	Knowing that the hotel was rated highly in advance we were not disappointed. Efficient staff and fantastic location are key reasons to it's success.Excellent size room and very quiet after dark. We bought breakfast in advance and ate at the connected restaurant in the Hotel which was very good although not that cheap.For 2 days however we went to Lefty O'Driscoll's 3 doors down the road and had a fantastic breakfast much cheaper and with more atmosphere. (If the local cops go there it must be good !)Glad we didn't stay in Fisherman's Wharf which was great fun during the day but not so sure about the evening.Location in Union Square is perfect for the shops and with the bus outside you can get to all the major sites very easily.No doubt we will be back in the next 12 months	
Sep 9 2006 	Very disappointed	This was the worst hotel we stayed in, in the States - and the most expensive. Our room and bathroom were &quot;tiny&quot;, the window looked at a concrete wall with rubbish and cigarette butts everywhere. we ended up closing the blind so as not to see it. The fridge was most awkward to get at, with a broken door in front of it. The decor was fine, but it was a most uncomfortable room to stay in. After 2 days we decided to complain, (first time ever) and were finally given a room for the disabled, that was very nice, lots of sun and a big bathroom. Reading the reviews, it appears that there are lots of larger rooms in this hotel, and seeing we had booked several months in advance, I would have thought we may have been given a better room. The staff had trouble understanding us, even though we are New Zealanders and the concierge staff were the worst we have met. They had no pamphlets on display, and had to go to a filing cabinet if you requested tours etc. When asked what there was to do, the answer was, &quot;well it all depends what you want to do&quot;. Most unhelpful. I said that we had been on a City Tour and the woman replied &quot;well you've seen everything&quot;. We ended up going to the hotel over the road to get their pamphlets to see what else to do. We spoke to other guests and found that they had also requested another room. We would NEVER advise people to stay at this hotel, and there appeared to be a lot of other hotels in the vicinity that would be well worth considering. So, even though we had a lovely trip to the States, we would have been better to go to San Francisco first, leaving the best till last!	
Sep 5 2006 	Location is the only thing going for this hotel.	I recently spent one night at this hotel. I travel a lot and usually get what I expect from a hotel due to my extensive research. I was very disappointed with my stay here. A previous poster stated the slow inattentive staff. I had the same experience. I showed up at 3:30. Check in is at 3:00. There were 3 staff members at the desk attending to things on the desk, not attending to guests. I stood there for minutes with a line forming behind me. No one at the desk looked up and even acknowledged us. I finally said &quot;hello?&quot; and the man in front of me looked up then and asked if I needed something. Unbelievable. It took more time to find out if my room was ready...it was after their posted check in time. I booked a club level room with the expectation of receiving a nicer than standard room accommodation. The room was horrible. The carpeting was covered with dirty stains throughout, windows were dirty, filthy marks on the leather covered chest of drawers. A floor lamp tilting like it was about to fall over at any moment, glaring bare bulbs over the bed with little shades above them that did nothing to cover the bulb. I had to laugh at the makeup lighted mirror on the vanity. They must have found it at some flea market 30 years prior. The room was so noisy from the bar across the street that we couldn't get to sleep until 2:30 am...after the bar closed! The windows on this side of the hotel should definately be double paned. I rarely write uncomplimentary comments on hotel comment cards but this time I let them know about all of this rooms problems. I am pretty tolerant of wear and tear etc. but this was a club level room and I expected it to at least be clean. There are many many hotels in this location so even though this hotel is in a great spot there are too many other nice hotels to choose from to ever make me book here again. I give this hotel 1-2 stars.	
Aug 31 2006 	The location makes this hotel.	The location of this property is second to none. The rooms were spacious and clean but to us the hotel did not have the WOW! factor as so many other people report. The front desk staff were not at all friendly, not a smile in sight and they were very slow. Most of the time there was only one person on the desk although there were other front desk staff hanging around the back of desk but not dealing with guests. Rather than just explain they were dealing with admin and we wouldn't be kept waiting for long they totally ignored us and this I thought came across as very rude. The pool was OK - not that warm and there were dirty ashtrays and empty drink bottles left on tables. If I was staying in San Fran again I would probably be able to ignore the fact that they have unattentive staff along with the pool issues purely because of the fact that the location is excellent and the rooms are clean and spacious.	
Aug 27 2006	The Handlery Hotel full of great people	We just returned from a week in San Francisco. On the recommendation of a friend we stayed at the Handlery Hotel. It is very convienently located just off Union Square. Could not have been handier to the cable cars, shops, restaurants, and (my husband's favourite) a liquor store. A huge thank you to Rhonda in the gift shop. With the concierge so busy and the line long I went the Rhonda for suggestions on what to see and do. Because she was born and raised in San Fran and obviously has a love of the city, she was a wealth of information. Thanks, Rhonda!!! The rooms are well appointed and huge. The cleaning staff was very efficient and the rooms were made up promptly every day. The only complaint I have is the late check-in. We arrived from out of town at ~1100 and could not get into our room until 1500. They did store our luggage for us, but it would have been nice to freshen up before hitting the streets.I also loved Dale at the concierge desk. He was delightful and very helpful when we had a question.	
Aug 26 2006 	Great location	We were upgraded to Mini Suite in the Club Rooms - Newer part of the hotel. Room was great. We also asked for a quiet room to avoid Union Sq noise.Hotel is an ideal base for Union Square &amp; access to the local transport systems including the Cable Cars.We have 2, 12 year olds so the fact the hotel had a pool was ideal when returning to the hotel from a day seeing the sights.I also arranged various activities with the hotel concierge prior to &amp; during our visit - great service &amp; offered great advice.Breakfast is served at the Daily Grill next door (access from the hotel lobby). Food is great at Breakfast &amp; Dinner.If we return to SF would certainly book the Handlery again.	
Aug 25 2006	Location Location Location	The Handlery was an exceptional Hotel. Right on the edge of Union Square in the middle of Downtown. Couldn't ask for a better location. the Hotel staff was friendly and always helpful. Our room was always keep clean and neat. We stayed in the older section of the Hotel in a small but comfortable room. It has been well maintained for its age. Your within walking distance to many attractions including Chinatown, the cable cars and Union Square itself. Dozens of restaurants are also within walking distance. Yes, there were plenty of panhandlers around. But that is true for the entire City. None of them bothered us. If your used to the City this hotel would suit you just fine.	
Aug 21 2006 	The best!	Surprising! I've never been to San Francisco, and I was hoping to be in a tourist-y spot in the middle of the hustle and bustle- and that's what I got! I didn't need to rent a car at all - and if I wanted to, the rent-a-car places were half a block away. The big stores were right in front of the hotel, and if something wasn't within walking distance, I took the bus or cable car everywhere else.Very helpful concierge and staff and the room we got was small but very, very comfy .. especially the bed! Outside noise did not bother me at all.If you're looking to be in the middle of everything, this is the best location!!	
Aug 19 2006 	Very good hotel excellent location	Within 100 yards of Union Sqare, the hotel is right in the middle of it. Cable Car, Chinatown - it is all there. Drawback is that you might feel a bit uncomfortable on the street in the evening (there is a lot of homeless folks around) and parking. To leave you car in the underground garage costs you 40$ per night. They must be very proud of their parking garage. We actually returned the rental car earlier and explored S.F. without it. There were no problems with the hotel whatsoever. The rooms are small, but there is all you need and everything is clean and tidy and the staff was very friendly. There was no breakfast included in the room rate, but around Union Square are plenty of places to get a morning coffee.Though it is not a 5-star place, you get the impression to be in a proper hotel with concierge and so on, and this for ~150 bugs a night in the holiday season. Pretty good, eh?	
Aug 17 2006 	Nice hotel	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. Very friendly and helpful staff, had bubbly and mini hamper sent to our room as we were honeymooners and a personal greeting from the owner. Room was comfortable and the hotel was well located. Only down side was the amount of homeless/beggars around the area. a bit daunting at first but learnt to ignore their presence.	
Aug 16 2006	Very nice hotel	We stayed at this hotel from 21 July 2006 for 4 nights. We had booked two twin beds in a non-smoking room 7 months prior, however on arrival from London UK, we were told the hotel was way overbooked and they put us on the 8th floor which is a smoking floor/rooms in to the tiniest room you have ever seen. We could hardly move. My son has asthma and was very wheezy all night and we could not stand the smell. The next morning they moved us to the 2nd floor, what an improvement - a huge room atleast double the size. It overlooked a brick wall so that wasnt so good, but was very roomy. Hotel staff were very helpful. Hotel Pool was nice but a bit small and having to use your room towels and then phone housekeeping for more was a bit of a pain. We were surprised at how many homeless people there were in San Fran, and people begging for money. We were even approached for money while sitting at a street cafe having a coffee and felt most uncomfortable. We loved San Fran inspite of this. Hiring bikes and cycling over Golden Gate Bridge was our highlight. The weather was great too - 97f!	
Aug 12 2006	Well located and comfortable	We had a pleasant stay at the Handlery Hotel. Management were friendly and helpful. The room was comfortable and the hotel was well-located close to Union Square. Only downside - it was a long way from reception to the the rooms.	
Aug 12 2006 	Great place to stay	The Handlery is truly a great place to stay. Just spent 6 nights there with my family - wife and two teenage boys - and we enjoyed the hotel, the room, the balcony, the great view from our balcony on the 8th floor (facing O'Farrell Street) and the pool, of course. But we were disappointed when we arrived - we had booked a double queen Club Room 4 months in advance - but the hotel was not able to give us the wanted room &quot;Because the hotel is fully booked&quot;, we were told ... so we had to put up with one double bed and two extra beds which meant that we had almost no free floor space in the room. The next day we could have had another room, but decided to stay in the smaller room because by then we had already unpacked and were busy exploring this truly great and hospitable city. Moreover it was disappointing that we ended paying the same amount for this smaller and not so comfortable room - but this is something I intend to take up with the hotel after our return to our home. Another disappointment was the hotel's outrageous rate for Internet access ... we had expected that a hotel like this as the most natural thing in the world would provide free Internet access to their guests, but no such luck. But aside from this we had a great stay - and nothing beats the Handlery's location right next to Union Square with easy access to the downtown section, Chinatown and easy transportation opportunities to all other parts of the city.	
Aug 10 2006	Super location	Spent two nights in the Handlery. This is an older hotel but you wouldn't know it from the interior. Very nicely remodeled. The hotel was excellent---great service, very clean and quiet, and right in the middle of all the shops in San Francisco. Plenty of great places to eat nearby. The trolley to Fisherman's Wharf and other locations was a few steps away. I got the Internet package that included parking. Parking is at a premium in SF and is very expensive. Driving around SF is not a pleasant experience so park the car and leave it. Also, be prepared to tip. The hotel has a bellman, valet parking, a concierge, etc. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 2 2006 	Fabulous location and very comfy beds	Myself and some coworkers stayed at the Handlery during the Builders Convention and just loved the location. It was a few block walk to the convention center but, as long as it was not super hot, the walk was great. Unfortunately while we were there a heat wave hit the city and it was very hot and humid, but our rooms did have a/c.I had a standard room and the decorating was newer and nice. The rooms are great, I had 2 double beds in mine and they were very comfy. I had no problem sleeping except for the family next door with the screaming baby at all hours of night and day. But other than the screaming baby I could not hear talking or tv from other rooms aside or above/below. The room had a fridge to use, a coffe maker, nice tv with remote, plenty of lighting. I even had this nifty bench/chest of drawers in addition to the tv armoir. The closet was huge, almost a walk in size. It had a safe, lots of hangers, iron and ironing board, extra blankets and pillows, etc. The bathroom was roomy and nice. The faucets were Grohe and regulated the temperature of the shower nicely when someone flushed the toilet in another room. The flow was good and strong enough to wash conditioner out of your hair. The Bathroom also had plenty of lighting and mirrors.We did eat lunch our first day in the pub inside the hotel and the food was very good. I would recommend it. A tad pricey but well worth it. I also had room service the first morning and the eggs benedict left something to be desired and the potatos were cold but I was hungry so it didn't matter.The location is perfect, you are right at Union Square. Shopping is a stones throw away. The club Ruby Skye is 1/2 block up and over. You are just in the middle of everything. Parking is at the hotel and our rate was about $20 or $18 per day since we were staying there.The only thing I was dissapointed in was the front desk staff. I know we were there during a convention but some of the front desk staff were either not adequately trained, or were just not good at multitasking and working with group bookings. Some staff were excellent and all requests and issues were handled very well and quickly. Other staff, were bewildered looking and very slow.I would definitely stay here again - the rate and location is too good to beat!	
Jul 30 2006 	Great location	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Handlery. Staff very accomodating, and Jeff on front desk especially helpful. Great central location, within walking distance of great shops and restaurants. We stayed in a club class room - enormous! (see photos). Good size fridge in room. Lots of places to eat breakfast locally at a much more reasonable price than in the hotel's own restaurant located off the lobby. Good value for money. Also, close to the main hire car companies on Union Sqaure.	
Jul 24 2006	Great Hotel Awesome service!	Handlery Hotel is all about service! From the time I pulled in my car was taken by valet, my luggage to my room and our front desk women was the best, SHIRLEY we love you! She gave us a wonderful room, corner room, with a view out both windows. She also sent us a fruit basket, which my son and I loved. Our Club room was a very good size and a very nice look, I booked this room under family plan which works great for this single mom on a budget, free parking, free one day transportation pass, free ice cream sundaes. I recommend this hotel highly to families and anyone. It has a great location, super clean rooms and wonderful service, like you are staying in someone's home! Macy's is just next storl, with The Cheesecake Factory Restaurant on top floor. Other great restaurants all around, the sales at Macy's and Old Navy were awesome. Wonderful shopping all around, union square just across the street, 3 starbucks in a few steps distance. It was &quot;Spare the Air Day&quot; both days we were there, so busses, cable cars free, but a bit crowded. I will stay here again and again, can't wait to go back, did not want to leave.	
Jul 19 2006	Great Hotel and Location - Good Value	Stayed at the Handlery following reviews on Tripadvisor. Great location in Union Square, and recommend stayimg in the Club rooms, as had a room on the 8th floor with a balcony overlooking the pool, and views of the city skyline. Room was large, well appointed and clean. The hotel has an excellent restaurant/diner attached 'The Daily Grill', which has a good menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Really friendly, efficient service and steaks! Overall a great place to stay in Union Square in the centre of SF.	
Jul 16 2006	Excellent hotel	Stayed here for 5 nights for our 25th wedding anniversary. Ron at reception greeted us very well and offered his congratulations. Gave us a lovely room with balcony overlooking the city. Nice big room with fridge. Weather was lovely and warm when we were there so the pool was great to come back to. We have stayed here before in the &quot;standard&quot; rooms but the club rooms were well worth upgrading to. Hotel is also in an excellent location. Would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone coming to San Francisco.	
Jun 29 2006	Great value great deal	My wife and I recently stayed in this hotel for one night following a trip to the Wine country. I did a lot of research on hotels in San Fran because the budget and tourist venues can be very uneven and we have been disappointed. I read thru all of these reviews and can recommend the following; Stay in the &quot;Club&quot; tower of this hotel. We paid 135 a nght (plus tax) and parked down the street in the public Union Square parking lot. (31 a night verses the hotel's 43) The club room was as good as any room I have stayed in including the Grand Hyatt, Pan Pacific, Francis Drake and much better than your typical boutique tourist hotels which have tiny rooms and a cramped feeling. I asked for a balcony room overloking the pool and got a high up seventh floor room with a view of the courtyard. I don't know if an outer room has any better view, but we wanted quiet and were pleased with this option. You won't see much other than the rooftops of other hotels and will get some noise if you are out on the balcony bur inside it is peaceful. I was handled by Shirley, who was totally professional, cheerful and supplied everything I asked for. When there was a delay with our luggage that we had to bring in, an assistant GM actualy hauled our stuff inside and got us in the room in less than five minutes. If you have a lot of luggage just let the bell staff handle it and tip them a few bucks. No worries. I would rate this hotel five stars but that is for a Ritz-Carlton or Bel-Air Hotel type of experience and this is not the same experience (or cost) However the club rooms are quite excellent, a cut above anything I've experienced in the same price range, a dynamite location and well worth the twenty or so more dollars than the older rooms which sound typical. Spend a few dollars more and relax, it's a great place. Did get the daily paper and robes in the new bathroom. Frankly, don't know how anyone could complain about the Club rooms, I would dismiss those comments as curmudgeonly	
Jun 11 2006	Good Tourist Hotel	This was my second stay in the Handlery and it was just as I had expected it to be.. My only complaint was the double bed was a little on the small side otherwise this is a good hotel in a good location.	
Jun 4 2006	Great Value Great Hotel	First off I must say the hotel staff are very helpful and assist very often without the need to be asked. The room was very clean and well layed out making best use of the space. The real plus being that this is one of the few hotels I stayed at in the USA that had a fridge that was usable so you could go to the local store and buy water and milk and anythnig else you wanted. All in All this was a great hotel.	
May 15 2006	Will definitely stay at the Handlery again.	My daughter and I stayed at the Handlery Union Square on a week-end in May. Our room was giant! Two beds, a desk and chair, a large sofa with a table and a cushioned bench with shelf space underneath were all in our room. We also had a walk-in closet big enough to change in as well as a large bathroom. The location was excellent, close to the cable car stop, art galleries, shops and Union Square. The staff was friendly and courteous and even let us check in two hours early. The hotel itself was charming and clean. All this for only $99 on a special rate from TravelZoo.	
May 8 2006	It's not the Ritz... But.......	If you are looking for accomodations like the Ritz, forget it. However, you cannot beat the Handlery for location and value. I stayed six nights and found it very clean and comfortable, along with an excellent staff. Arrived early and was given an early check-in with no hassle. The person at the front desk was very friendly and accomodating. Room was small but more than adequate for this single traveler. Bed very comfortable! The room could not have been cleaner, and it was serviced right on time every day with plenty of fresh towels and toiletries. The concierge was extremely helpful. Most of all I found the Handlery affordable and the location is superb, close to everything, and the cable car is right around the corner. Try the wonderful restaurant attached to the hotel (Daily Grill). You won't be disappointed!I would definitely stay at the Handlery again.	
May 1 2006	Good Location average hotel expensive parking	We stayed 3 nites in the Historic rooms at the back of the hotel. The rooms were average and clean. We had a rental car as we were going to explore Muir woods etc, however we found the parking at the hotel was over $35per nite which was more then the rental car !. The great thing about the hotel was the location. Right on Union Sq with all the shops and eating places. Great Breakfast just 2 doors from the hotel at a reasonable price.	
Apr 29 2006	Handlery Comfort	We were &quot;bounced&quot; from a confirmed reservation at the Monticello to the Handlery. Of course, we were a bit upset, but the staff at the Handlery got us settled on a very busy afternoon. For $30 we upgraded to a premium room, which overlooked the outdoor pool (yes, a lovely pool in the heart of San Francisco!). Our room was spacious, comfortable, and sparkling. With good restaurants next door and around the corner, and the cable car just steps away, you can't beat the Handlery.	
Apr 25 2006	We've had better	We recently booked two weekend nights at the Handlery Union Square through another site. While the rate was fair enough for a weekend, we have stayed at other comparably priced hotels in the city with much better rooms, cheaper parking, and no &quot;issues.&quot; It cost us over $70 to park for two nights, while a (quite charming) hotel we had stayed at before about a block away overlooking Union Square had only charged $25 per night. (The only reason we did not go back to the other one is because it had no availability.)The room was fairly small, which is average for San Francisco. The pillows were reminiscent of bubble pack mailers covered with a pillow case -- rather thin. But the thing that annoyed me the most is that the &quot;designer&quot; comforter had a stain on the underneath when we pulled it back to go to sleep. With no way of knowing whether it had been laundered, and being late at night, we just removed the comforter altogether.The next day I specifically left a note on top of the stain asking housekeeping to take care of it. Yet, when we went to bed that night, there it was. They had ignored the request! Again, it was late in the evening, so we just tossed it aside. Sorry, but we don't want to sleep with somebody else's DNA if we can help it, but we're not so cranky to complain to the desk clerk at midnight!When I checked out I notified the front desk and got a rather weak &quot;sorry about that; they shouldn't have done that&quot; with no explanation or offer of any consideration. I think that they could have offered to credit us with a portion of our parking or even a minor (10%?) discount on the room. At the very least, they should have notified the general manager and asked him/her to extend an apology.I don't think we would go there again based on that lack of customer service. Maybe if we had arrived in a Jaguar we might have been treated differently.	
Apr 1 2006	We enjoyed our long weekend at the Handlery ...	My husband and I stayed here last weekend for 3 days. We have both been to SF many times, and wanted a moderately priced hotel in a good location. I think the Handlery was a perfect choice!Like all the other reviewers mentioned... Location is KEY. Right smack in the middle of union square. It was very convienent to everything; lots of shopping and restaraunts in walking distance. It's definitely a bustling area.When I first saw the candid reviewers photos on here it made me nervous. But our room was one of the newer club rooms. I took several pictures to show everyone that the new club rooms are much nicer and cleaner. Much more modern than some of the other pictures show. So when you book try to ask for a Club Room. Also our room was located thru a different area of the hotel where you had to walk thru a hallway and go up some stairs, then you walk pass the pool area and to an elevator which takes you up to your room. It is not as far as it sounds, but something to consider if you have alot of luggage. Use a bellhop :-)One weird thing about the room was there was no art on any of the walls? Very simple and classic. The room was average size, the bed faced the window/balcony which is a little unusual. But at night you can see the city lights so that was kind of nice too.They do provide a fridge in room which was great, we filled it with bottled water and sodas for the duration of our trip. The balcony was small (but plenty of room for 2 adults) but my husband would go get coffee and a newspaper ever morning and bring it back to the room, sit outside and enjoy!We used the Wi-Fi internet ($10 day). They had an automatic shoe polisher that my husband tried to use but they did not provide any shoe polish in the room. Maybe you have to call downstairs and ask for that? They have a vanity area which is nice for the ladies to get ready in the mornings or before going out.My only complaint would be when the heater/air came on the noise was LOUD. I am not sure if it's because its an older building? Usually we would just run the air or heat until we were happy with the temperature and just shut it off. If you are a light sleeper, I think you may have some problems.I would give the Handlery 5 stars for location, and 3.5 stars for our overall experience.	
Mar 30 2006	Great location otherwise just OK	No argument - the Handlery's got a prime location literally steps from the corner of Powell and Geary, just opposite Union Square. And the hotel is, overall, a very nice, clean, well-maintained, modern place. I'd return (mostly for the prime location), but I'd skip the extra $ for a Club room; ours was average size and its window was directly opposite the window in a building about six feet across an alley, which appeared to be a waiting room or something, so we hardly ever opened the drapes. We didn't get the promised daily newspaper - one of the two &quot;enhanced amenities&quot; I was most interested in receiving. And on the first day of our stay, our room had still not been cleaned by 3:00 p.m. Also, it's important to know that the Club-level rooms are actually in a separate building that faces O'Farrell, linked to the main hotel by a stairway and the pool deck. If you have heavy luggage, as I did, you're either at the mercy of the very, very, very persistent bellhops (I despise bellhops) OR you have to carry your suitcase up three short flights of stairs. (I have no idea how they accommodate somebody in a wheelchair who wants a Club room, although since the bellhops are probably not carrying all that luggage up the steps, there must be a SECRET elevator somewhere that only the staff is permitted to use.) This is SO bogus! SO, yes, stay at the Handlery, but don't go for the Club room upgrade. It is simply more trouble than it's worth. (PS the plaza at Union Square is a free wireless hotspot - skip the Handlery's $10/day in-room wireless charge and enjoy the California sunshine for free!)	
Mar 28 2006	This location is tops	This location is tops, close to everything, excellent value for money, friendly and helpful staff we had a comfortable bed and could not have wished for more.	
Mar 25 2006	Great place to stay	In the last week of August I took my two teenage sons on a week-long trip to San Francisco. As always, I did a lot of research about the city, the attractions, places to eat and stay. I decided on Handlery primary because it fit my budget, the location seemed great, and photos on the website were pretty nice. We were not disappointed at all. Our room, the Club style, was large, clean and very comfortable. It was on the 7th floor in the newer building, facing towards Market Street and the bottom of Powell Cable Car Station (in a distance). It was a little noisy by early morning, but we really did not care about it, as beds were oh, so comfy. The room was always cleaned-up by the time we were back, the bathroom was also re-filled with soaps, shampoos, etc. For breakfast we would go to Lefty's (next door), and the wait time never exceeded 5 minutes, even though the place was always busy, even at 08:00 am. Service was also pretty good. One of the days we went for breakfast to Dotty's Blue Cafe (recommended in few books and on few websites), about 20 min walk. The wait was about 35 min, but sure it was worth every second. Also close to the hotel, and another great place to eat (dinner this time) was Sears restaurant, located just up the Powell St. Overall Handlery with its location was an excellent choice, and I would definatly recommend it.	
Mar 19 2006	quirky yet great	Initially thrown off by our small room, with mis-matched 1970's furniture/decor, and a view of a vent. Remembered we’d only paid $109 per night and realized the room was big enough (had a king bed, chair, ottomon, table, closet, good-sized bathroom and still some space). Was very clean and all decor/furniture was in excellent condition. Bathroom was very nice, bed comfortable, location excellent, facilities (business center/concierge) excellent, outdoor pool area lovely (if cold). Can pay $40 more to get a “club room” (little larger and more modern), but we loved our quirky room. Didn’t dine there, went to Chinatown/Russian Hill…	
Mar 6 2006	Clean Clean Clean	After much research and reviews on TripAdvisor, myself and 2 friends decided to stay here. We were not disappointed. We stayed in Room # 769, which is at the end of the hall. The room had 2 queen-size beds and overlooked the pool. It was very clean -- and that says alot coming from the &quot;hotel snob&quot; as my family and friends so sweetly refer to me. The beds were very comfortable, the room was quiet, and the refrigerator came in handy for sodas and water. We had no complaints whatsoever. Besides the room being so clean, what we appreciated was the massive vanity that is outside the bathroom area. For 3 women sharing a room and trying to get ready for the day at the same time, this was a wonderful surprise! There was a bench to set on and a makeup mirror on the vanity along with the wall mirror that was the length of the vanity. Towels were clean and the soaps/shampoos were nice too. Although the weather was too cool to use the pool, it certainly looked inviting. As was suggested on previous reviews, we chose to eat breakfast next door at Lefty's. The food was good and service was fast. We caught a cable car on Powell Street, which is less than 1 block away. And it was only a short walk to where we could purchase the cable car tickets. If you don't have much luggage, I would suggest taking the BART from the airport to Powell Street (cost for 1 way to Powell Street is $5.15) instead of a taxi ride which is $40 one way! You can get off the BART (about a 25 minute ride from the airport) at the Powell Street exit which is inside the mall. Walk out the front door of the mall and you are on Powell Street facing the site where you purchase tickets for the cable cars. From there it is only a few blocks walk to the hotel. Would probably be inconvenient to take the BART from the airport if you had more than one piece of luggage to pull, but certainly beats the price of a cab. Overall the hotel was exactly what we needed and most importantly to us it was clean and comfortable. I will definitely stay here again (and will ask for this room if it is available) during my next trip to San Francisco.	
Feb 24 2006	Fantastic Hotel	My fiance and i got engaged on our SF trip when we stayed at the handlery. The hotel was very friendly and the room we had was magnificent. This is a typical old SF style building that has been renovated and provides a great experience. I hope more people stay here!	
Feb 23 2006	Great location average hotel	We stayed at the Handlery for three nights as the first stop on an extended vacation late last year. It was booked by our travel agent in New Zealand as he recommended it as the hotel he always used on visits to San Francisco.The location on this hotel cannot be bettered, right om Union Square. The hotel is old but seemed to be well maintained. We had a regular room which was adequate, if we stay there again we would upgrade to a Club room. The staff were courteous rather than friendly. We did not eat there so cannot comment about the bar or restaurant.ON our final night the fire alarm went off at 3.00am, it was no false alarm as we could smell the smoke as we trooped down the stairs. The evacuation proceeded smoothly although no staff were in evidence. After some milling about in the street next do we were allowed to move into the function room fo the Four seasons opposite. As it happened the fire was in the hotel next door but it was two hours before we were let back into our rooms. The hotel did put on free beakfast for every one which was a nice thought. Moral of the story MAKE SURE YOU KNOW WHERE THE FIRE EXITS AREOverall I would say that this hotel has a great location, average facilities and is value for money	
Feb 20 2006	Great romantic stay	My husband and I stayed a night at this hotel Saturday, Feb 18th. We purchased their romance package which included Champagne and chocolates at check-in, breakfast in bed and a late checkout. We could have checked out as late as 2pm. The front desk was great for check-in, quickly answering all questions and the valet service was very quick upon entering and exiting. The room was clean and roomy, king size bed with sofa, chair and coffee table. We enjoyed the little extras in the club room: robes, lighted vanity mirror, in room tea and coffee, and shoe buffer (even a scale in the bathroom, but I avoided it). Our only complaint about the room was the lumpy pillows. The loud bachelorette party coming through the hall at 2:30 didn't even bother me because a year and a half ago I was the bride at one of those loud bachelorette parties staying in a suite at the Handlery.The location of this hotel is great. Very close to shopping, one block from Union Square. We walked most places or caught a cab right out front. Enjoy your stay.	
Feb 8 2006	Best Spot and deal on Union Square	I spent my birthday night at this hotel and was amazed at the room size and value here. We had 5 rooms total in the &quot;historical&quot; building only one of those rooms were average in size! All the rest were quite large with excellent amenities. I was totally surprised by the silence in the hallways. Usually older hotels are noiser than more modern cement hotels. But you truly did not hear a sound coming from other rooms. Room service was quick and efficient! The place even has an outdoor pool. There is also a &quot;New&quot; tower for those of you that want the more modern Chain hotel feeling! I highly recommend it!!	
Jan 10 2006	Great hotel - why are people complaining??!!	We have just returned form an 8 night stay at the Handlery - and cant believe people are moaning about this hotel! We did stay in a club room - and they are of a very good size and i think the regualr rooms are quite a bit smaller - but this is the norm for San Francisco!!! Plus in the Club you get bath robes, extra bathroom amenities, fridge - prob not very important things but it adds to the stay. The rooms are nicely decorated too, and clean! Cant really rememeber any staff been rude (apart from one of the Valet guys so all we did was give a tip to the nice polite valet instead!)- but in all honesty its not something i really take into consideration when booking a hotel - I think far more important is location and considering this hotel is a stones throw from Union Square, is it really that important that the staff arent kissing your preverbial??!!!  Next time I visit I know exactly where I will be staying!!	
Dec 8 2005	Great Location - Nice Boutique Hotel	My family - 2 adults and 3 kids (aged 11, 8 and 7) just spent 4 nights at the Handlery Hotel - we had a family suite which consisted of 2 rooms (1 double and 1 queen sofa and 2 single beds connected by a bathroom). Plenty of room and great central location. San Francisco is a very busy city and we visited during the thanksgiving long weekend - right during the start of the pre christmas sales so the city was very busy.We found the hotel to be very well located and so long as you tipped the staff (front office, bellman and concierge you rec'd good service). But that is the case in all the hotels we stayed in during our 24 night trip to the California/Hawaii).This hotel is very handy to shops, like Macy's etc and transportation (many options).Don't eat at Lefty O'Douls next door - the wait staff are really rude!!	
Dec 5 2005	Take the Good with the Bad......	My husband and I just got back yesterday from spending 4 nights at the Handlery Hotel. I had read the TripAdvisor reviews before booking through my travel agent, and we hummed and hawed about staying at one of the pricier hotels, (since my husband is all about the 5 stars), but I finally convinced him to try this one since I knew we knew we wouldn't be spending much time in the room, and the extra $$ would be better spent on nice dinner's and shopping. First of all, if you are going to stay there, pay the extra (which isn't that much) and stay in a Club Section Room. Ask for the quiet section overlooking the pool. Our room was 767, and quite frankly we were very comfortable in it. Don't book a room at the Handlery if you want a Luxury Hotel. It is not like that, so if you're going with comfort and functionality in mind, you will not be disappointed. The bed was comfortable and the in-room amenities were useful (bathrobes, fridge, and vanity area). Overall the staff were helpful, although one person in particular, Shirley, went above and beyond to provide great service to us. The location is amazing, and you are a stone's throw from the cable cars, restaurants, and amazing shopping. The Daily Grill has a great lunch menu and Lefty's was our favourite for breakfast, and if your nice to any one of the Handlery staff they will give you tickets for juice with breakfast. The dinner possibiliites are endless around that area, but try to make reservations earlier in the day, or the day before you want to go.If we were to visit San Francisco again, we would probably stay somewhere else, but only because we like to try different things, not because the Handlery wasn't a good hotel.P.S. If you are going to visit Alcatraz, book your tickets online, ahead of time. You may not get on if you wait until the day of. (Here is the site we found extremely helpful when planning our trip)[--]	
Dec 1 2005	Very average hotel in superb location	Stayed 4 nights at the beginning of November after 3 nights in Las Vegas. Arrived at hotel and requested non smoking quiet room, we were given a tiny double room at top of building which stunk of smoke, went back to reception and he then moved us to another double room on 3rd floor which was slightly larger, smoke free but not enough room to turn in the bathroom and really dark and old fashioned. Again we went back to reception and asked about Club Rooms which I had read about on web site, he let us have a look at one and we took it. It was a lot better than the others, the room itself was big with a very comfortable bed and overlooked the swimming pool. The bathroom again left a lot to be desired and was very small but we had a small dressing area outside it so overcame that problem.The common areas of the hotel away from reception look pretty worn and tatty. The concierge was the most unhelpful person I know he did not seem to know what was going on anywhere or be able to advise on anything we wanted to know.  The restaurant next door called Daily Grill serves some good food and not too pricey and always busy with good atmosphere. If you want a real American blow out breakfast suggest you go to Mama's by Washington Square. Overall the location is excellent you are right by all the transport and shops but the hotel is very average and not what we expected from an American hotel.	
Nov 30 2005	Rude and Unhelpful Staff	I have just finished a 3 night stay at the Handlery...Being an Aussie I have heard alot of how wonderful the service is in USA.... Not the case here!! I should state that at checkout I met a front desk staff member named Shirley who was so lovely... she deserves a promotion.. ALL other staff were unfriendly, rude and unhelpful... Housekeeping was quite poor, the same piece of cardboard remained on my sink for entire stay....	
Nov 26 2005	Fantastic Location	Just returned from a week in San Francisco, staying at the Handlery Hotel.Fantastic location, being very close to Union Square, China Town, all of the major shops, the Underground (BART) and the cable car to Fishermans Wharf. You can take a train from the airport, to Powell Street station for $4.95 (then walk up 2 blocks to the hotel), saving a huge amount on cab fares! As the weather was so pleasant, we frequently walked all the way back to the hotel from Fishermans Wharf, taking in all of the sights along the way.When we first arrived, we were given a small room overlooking Geary Street, which proved to be extremely noisy (street performers, dust carts, sirens etc. etc.) So after a sleepless night we asked if we could move, which was no problem at all. The very helpfull staff at reception moved us to a much larger room overlooking the pool area, which we found to be excellent (considering what we paid and the fact that the hotel is only a 3*).In terms of eating, there are some fantastic 'diner' type places all within 5mins walk of the hotel or you can wander into China Town or even through to Little Italy where you will find some excellent restaurants.Overall, we loved San Francisco and thought that the hotel was very good, considering the price and location. We would stay at the Handlery again.	
Nov 23 2005	Old 	We have just returned from a 2 week trip to USA - very disappointed in Handlery Hotel in San Francisco. It was most expensive hotel we stayed in in USA &amp; the worst.The room was nothing like we had been quoted when booked online then they upgraded us to a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room which consisted of 2 x QS beds, very tired furniture, very noisy old air conditioner, very small bathroom &amp; 1 window which looked at a brick wall !! The staff were all foreigners &amp; we had great difficulty understanding each other. Only good point is the close proximity to Union Square	
Nov 21 2005	Club Room a Must!	Our group had 3 rooms at this hotel - one standard room and 2 club rooms. We got a great deal at Travelzoo for the rooms which was why we decided to stay here. The club room was large and clean and had a balcony with chairs and a table overlooking the street. Street noise was not a problem when the balcony doors were closed. However, maintenance seemed to be a problem - the shoe polishing machine in our room did not work and the coffee machine took 45 minutes to brew. In my friend's club room, she stepped on a carpet nail that was poking up and hurt her foot. Our friend in the standard room hated it - her room was cramped and dark.To get to reception from the valet parking was a journey involving an elevator and multiple stairs. Be prepared for that if you've got luggage or mobility issues. And watch out for the hotel parking charges - $35 a night!!The service at the front desk was indifferent, but not rude. The location is great to access the theater district, the aquarium, union square shopping and China Town. Basically, it was an ok hotel for the price I paid (about $120/night). If I had paid more for it I would have been quite disappointed.	
Nov 12 2005 	Hot and cold!	We were on a five night stay at the Handlery whilst attending a conference. The location was nice and central which was great for my husband as he was left to his own devices for a few days, and he loved roaming the city on foot, and also took in a couple of tours.Check-in was efficent and we were given a nice sized clean room, however, we were right on Geary Street and couldn't sleep the first two nights because of the noise. They were unable to move us until the third day because they were full, but as soon as a room became available, we checked into another room which was slightly bigger and alot quieter. (I was also with a colleague who complained his room was unbelievably small!).Housekeeping was friendly, the lady that ran the gift shop was rude and uninterested, and for the main part this was also true for most of the staff at reception. Upon checkout I waited 10 minutes whilst two ladies were dealing with two people in front of me, and then they both totally ignored me and meandered on through the door behind reception - I was just left standing there! My husband said I had my invisible cloak on! Waited another couple of minutes and just walked out. I think enough said about the service of this hotel! Consider yourself warned if service is important to you - the attitude of the staff sucks!	
Nov 10 2005 	Family owned with bad employee attitudes...so bad!	The rooms are okay. For the amount of money asked, the rooms are not up to par with other hotels around. The front desk employees attitudes are very unprofessional and downright rude. We are talking 3 different employees. When talking to GM Jon Handlery about the problem. He passed it off to lesser manager. The next day same bad attitude. Not what you should deal with from a small family run hotel. Find another hotel. I did after checking out early.	
Nov 1 2005	Over rated!!	My husband and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights with our 2 year old son, having seen a review of it on the Holiday Programme (BBC TV) and can only say what a complete disappointment it was. The rooms were extremely small, dark and not at all sound proofed - again street entertainers kept us awake. Really not worth the rates and would not recommend it to anyone. The staff were quite unhelpful and although we changed rooms immediately after squeezing into the first room the second one we were given was really no better!The only positive to this experience was the excellent restaurant downstairs.	
Nov 1 2005	Everything wonderful -- except the ability to sleep!	Everything about this property is wonderful. It's a location close to a lot, the room as updated and well appointed, the beds are very comforable....Well, everything expect the ability to sleep. At 5:00 am construction began on the street below the hotel. It was so LOUD it made sleeping impossible. Now I know there's nothing the hotel can do about construction equiptment and a jack hammer outside the building....but please, an actual jackhammer right outside makes sleeping impossible.	
Oct 29 2005	Great location Great Service Great Stay	We had an excellent 2 night stay at the Handlery last week. We found the staff to be polite and efficient. We stayed in the club section (room 462 right by the elevator). The room was clean and large. We had the parking package and found that this was quite convenient. We would definately stay there again!	
Oct 28 2005	Bit disappointed	First of all, the staff at this hotel were excellent and helpful/friendly, and could not be faulted- bell boys can offer vouchers for Leftys and Macys. We were on honeymoon and the hotel left us some nice wine and munchies on our arrival, which was nice after a long haul flight. Hotel is excellent location if you like the hustle/bustle and shops.What let it down was the room- although it had all the facilities, we were in the historic bit facing Geary St and we found the decor a bit dreary and the noise annoying- expecially from street performers at night - it didn't really feel special given we were on honeymoon. Apparently the club rooms are better, so if you can afford this it may be a lot better/quieter.San Francisco is beautiful- especially by Fisherman's Wharf- if we went again we would stay in this area as it has a much more relaxed/holiday feel to it. We went on the Gray line trolley bus tour of the city for 28 dollars, and this was excellent- Presidio and Fort Point are lovely with good views of the Golden Gate bridge. Also had a tour of Muir woods and Sausalito, which was brilliant. Buy a 3 day trolley pass from the concierge.Foodwise- the Cheesecake Factory at the top of Macys is a must- it is always busy but they have a pager system meaning you only have to wait 10/15 mins for a table. Also had an excellent Chinese banquet for 12 dollars at Chef Hung's in Chinatown- go through the gate and it's about 1/2 mile in on a road to the left. The Rainforest cafe at Fisherman's Wharf was good fun for the experience and had huge portions- as does everywhere in the US.Shopping wise we found Chinatown and the Wharf to be cheapest- shops around Union Sq are quite expensive, although we loved Macys- especially the Xmas shop- wow. Overall we had a great time and would definitely visit San Francisco again.	
Oct 26 2005	Great Price Great Location A Little Musty!	I searched high and low for a budget-friendly hotel in Union Square and ultimately decided on the Handlery based on the TripAdvisor reviews. For $139, the location can't be beat! It is less than a block from Union Square and surrounded by restaurants, shopping, and entertainment. There is a booth in Union Square where you can buy discounted theatre tickets and multi-day passes for the public transit. We bought a 3-day pass and it was well worth it. We were just a few blocks away from hopping on a cable car or bus when we didn't feel like walking the hills. For being such a large city, this area was incredibly clean and everyone we came in contact wth was friendly and helpful. There are street performers and homeless people everywhere, but they aren't agressive. If you want to be in the heart of the city, but don't want to blow your entire travel budget on a hotel, the Handlery is a great choice. Our biggest complaint was an old, musty smell in the hallways and in our room when we first arrived. We picked up some Febreze and a 99 cent candle at the Walgreen's up the street and it didn't bother us again. There's nothing special about this hotel, but I rated it a 4 because of the great location and the great price.	
Oct 24 2005	Beware of mascurading hotels!	We were booked into this hotel in October, it appears not to be the same hotel in the other reviews. The staff of the hotel that we stayed in were surly and unhelpful The &quot;non smoking room&quot; of the hotel that we stayed in was in fact a smoking room (hiding the ashtray in a drawer does not make a smoking room &quot;non&quot;) The &quot;clean room&quot; of the hotel that we stayed in was dirty, contained suspicious stains and was very smelly. We lasted half an hour before we checked out. Do yourself a favour - spend an extra $20.00 and stay in the Sir Francis Drake, which is just around the corner and has an excellent restaurant. Better still give San Francisco a miss -very overrated- and stay in Boston instead!	
Oct 21 2005	First but hopefully not the last	Stayed here for four nights as part of a 25th wedding anniversary tour of the west coast of USA, the location is perfect for shopping and is on the main cable car route down to the pier areas,we purchased a multi pass for the cars and could have spent all four days riding them,the entertainment value of the drivers and brakemen was worth the price alone, we ate breakfast in Lefty's which is two doors down, see one of the bellmen for free juice tickets (his wife works there)great entertainment in Lefty's every evening also, if you like beer, it works out a lot cheaper if you buy a pitcher rather than a pint,we had a walk around every evening and found the surrounding area safe, we got the occasional homeless person approach us but they never caused us any concern, on the Saturday night we were there almost all the street corners had musicians playing all sorts of music, all in all a fabulous four days and if we are lucky enough to return we will be staying at the Handlery for sure	
Oct 20 2005	Great location and would recommend it	Stayed at the Handlery in Sept 05 and couldn't fault it.The room was clean and a fair size.The hotel desk staff were obliging and polite and the porter provided helpful hints and advice as we were walking out for the day.The Hotel is located just meters from Union square and the cable car.Breakfast at Lefty o'Doulls is a must.....even the hotel porter recommended it ahead of the hotel's dining room!It is located next to the hotel and has the best valued breafast around.My kids ate all and that's saying something.For example a stack of 3 large pancakes for $4.00.We ate breakfast there every morning.We would definitley stay at the Handlery again.	
Oct 17 2005	A great find!	We stayed at this hotel during Fleet Week Oct 8th. 2005 and it was a last minute booking via an online website. The rate was excellent considering it was 3 days before our arrival. I loved the location steps from Union Square, the quality of the furnishings, the helpful staff. Our room was on the 2nd. floor facing the hotel's air conditioning vents which meant we had to close the blinds all the time. No matter, the room itself was tastefully furnished, clean and the in-room fridge, iron &amp; coffee-maker very convenient. Ate breakfast at Lefty O'Douls twice. Also ate their great hand-carved roast beef sandwiches for lunch. Would not hesistate to stay there again.	
Oct 10 2005	Good hotel in a good location	This hotel is located just off Union Square and is a perfect base to discover San Francisco. Our room was on the 6th floor and it was absolutely fine. Two double beds, plenty of space, a safe, proper closet, tv, etc, etc. The room was clean and we had no problems whatsoever on that front. The staff were all very friendly.There is a restaurant joined to the hotel, which we didn't eat at so I can't tell you about that. We had breakfast at an Irish pub called Lefty O'Doul's just two doors down from the hotel which was convenient. You can also have evening meals and drinks there. We had a couple of drinks at the bar round the corner, where there is live music every evening.I would definitely recommend this to people looking for a good, clean and budget-friendly place to stay in the heart of San Francisco.	
Sep 30 2005	Great Comfort in heart of the city	This is the second time I have stayed at the Handlery and it never fails to delight. Rooms are on the small side but beautifully decorated, furnished, comfortable and very clean. The staff are friendly and helpful, and you are just a few steps away from Union Square and some great shopping. Bearing in mind all of this, prices are excellent value. So many hotels in San Francisco are disappointing, noisy and smelly (in my experience) this is great, wouldnt hesitate to recommend it!	
Sep 28 2005	Enjoyed our stay at the Handlery	Just returned from a 5 day stay. The rooms were spacious, hot water was plentiful, the beds were comfortable, sheets were changed daily (without our asking), all in all a very enjoyable stay. The reason I don't give them an Excellent is due to items mentioned in previous reviews, namely the noise. We were in Club rooms on the 2nd floor, and while the street noise was present it wasn't horrible to the point wear we needed to change rooms. Although my wife tells me that somewhere nearby they were collecting garbage at 5:30am. If you are looking for a quiet stay request a view of the pool. As others have mentioned, we ate at Lefty O'Douls and we were not disappointed. Cheap and delicious breakfast, and we received free juice coupons from a member of the bellstaff. The inroom fridge came in handy for storing drinks purchased from the nearby grocery store and Walgreen's.If you are looking to tour the city I would highly recommend Great Pacific Tour Company. www.greatpacifictour.com Our tour guide Doug was so knowledgeable of the city that I was shocked when he said he had only lived their for only 14 years.	
Sep 26 2005	Great location and value	Just spent one night at the Handlery near Union Square. We were in the old part of the hotel but it was fine and a good value. In-room coffee and frig is a plus for us. Room was super clean and not too noisy. I think any older hotel in this location will have some noise as it's right near a very busy area. The proximity to Union Square is great. We ate at Lefty's for both breakfast and dinner are were very happy. Nothing fancy but great food. Parking is available at the rear of the hotel and they allow in-and-out for no charge for hotel guests and their rate was one of the lowest in the area. My only complaint would be that sometimes there is a bit of a wait at the bell desk to check or collect your bags. Once someone shows up they are usually quick to their task.	
Sep 8 2005	Great family package with free parking	This hotel was recommended for family travel and there were lots of families with young kids. We were one of them. I'm not saying that this wouldn't be an ideal location for a honeymoon or romantic weekend, but there is a lot that this hotel offers to families and I was thrilled to have read this on a website. It's a great hotel for everyone. We requested the family package on the club floor. Our room was huge!!! Quite a surprise from all the other hotels that I've stayed in in S.F. We drove from Colorado to S.F., and the package included FREE valet parking with in and out service. Quite a deal! Have you seen the cost of parking in S.F.?Our mission was to Shop and sightsee. My husband had a seminar at the Mark Hopkins and the Union Square location was perfect for all of us. We had a great time going to ALL the retail stores and had an easy time walking to China Town and heading down to the wharf on the Cable car. We chose not to go with the breakfast package with all the reviews about the restaurant and instead went to Lefty's. The concierge even gave us some coupons for Free orange juice. Everyone at the hotel was pleasant and professional. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. We had a room that faced the pool (we requested one before our arrival after all the noise complaints we read...and even confirmed our request) and NEVER heard any street noise or pool action. We did have to walk quite far to get to the room...but we just considered it part of the journey. We took taxis a couple of times and it was never a huge expense to get to parts of town that we didn't want to walk to. We always felt safe and never had a problem with any of the locals. It was an amazing experience and the Handlery Union Square made it very easy for us!	
Sep 1 2005	Lovely hotel great location	Stayed here for 3 nights in August.Great hotel in a good location. Had Club rooms which were worth the extra. Very large. clean with good bathrooms. Did get noise from the street but it is hard to believe that you wouldn't get noise where ever you stay in the city centre.Great eating places close as everybody says Leftys is the best value for breakfast.Very handy for the shops and getting round the city.Loved SF can't wait to come back, hopefully without the fog and will stay at the Handlery	
Aug 28 2005	Excellent hotel and location	Stayed here with my wife for 5 nights in early August. Had stayed here last year and was very happy with it. Got a complimentary upgrade this year to one of the lounge section rooms. Huge room overlooking O'Farrell Street. Not much noise from street. Breakfasts next door at Daily Grill were great. Hotel is in a fantastic location next to Union Square. Overall, we loved the Handlery.	
Aug 28 2005	Good but	This hotel is good but, is really just a place to rest your weary siteseeing head! Essential you ask for a Club Room. the pool is nice but the weather doesn't really make you want to dive in for a swim. Breakfast a bit of a nightmare unless you have it in your room because the wait is so long. Suggest you go two doors down to Lefty O'Doulls. Reception a bit brusque but OK.	
Aug 27 2005	Nice Place	Right what can i say this hotel is right near union square. We stopped in the club section which was good the noise did not bother us and we stayed on the 8th floor with balcony view. The staff were good and very helpful and did not mind us bringing food back to our room. The room itself was a good size with 2 queen beds which were very comfy and the bathroom was not a bad size either and very clean. The 1st night we got there the TV remote did not work 2 mins latter someone was at our door and change the handset no problems.The places i went for breakfast were Lefties which is next door to the daily grill only 2 doors down from hotel and 2 blocks back up Geary St a cafe called the Olympic Cafe which has big portions and is very cheap. There is a grocery store up from the hotel on the corner which is run by some guys who are italian and love to talk about about Football in the UK and dont mind you watching live matches (which they have on Sky TV) in the store and for places to eat in the evening just go to Jack In The Box up from the hotel which is cheap and 2 or 3 doors up from that there is a Pizza place where they do 16 inch Pizza's which was well worth the money. See Ya James	
Aug 20 2005	If you love being there	If you love being there, right in the middle of it, and still feel that you have a retreat and you want all of this at reasonable rates, then this is the SF hotel for you. We - 2 adults, one kid - stayed for four nights in a room on fourth floor not facing the street. The room was not very large but very comfortable, clean and in good taste. I loved the style of the hotel - it harks back to the 1930s maybe and is cozy with thick carpets. All of it is very clean and looks new.And when you step out of the hotel you're really in the middle of it, just off Union Square, with everything within walking distance or easy reach using public transport. Cafes, Restaurants and Bars abound, and even Chinatown is just a few blocks away.Being in the middle of it of course means that you do hear the occasional police car wailing by at night, but that never really bothered us. We felt safe an comfortable there, cared for by helpful staff. We really loved the style!	
Aug 11 2005	Disappointed	Booked this hotel for 5 nights following reviews on Trip Advisor. My wife and I arrived late evening and was greeted by a non too pleasant gentleman on reception. Said very little with no real welcome given. Allocated room No. 262 in the Club section. Bit of a walk to get to room but it was nice and spacious, clean and tidy. However, we got very little sleep as room directly on O'Farrell Street at rear of hotel. Busy throughout night and refuse collected, noisily, during the night.In the morning we requested a room change and aided by a helpful receptionist we were reallocated to a room overlooking the pool - noise level greatly reduced.We would recommend that you avoid rooms overlooking O'Farrell Street i.e. rooms ending 60, 62, 64, 66 and 68 on each floor. The quiet rooms overlook the Pool.Incidentally we were not the only people to request a room change - we heard of a few requests during our stay.We arranged a room with breakfast package but found on arrival that it was restricted in value - this was not pointed out on our confirmation. We found the Daily Grill very inconsistant on quality and service and after 3 days gave up and looked elsewhere. Didn't have far to look - found an excellent &quot;diner&quot; round the corner on Mason Street called Cafe Mason - food excellent and staff friendly and helpful. Max's across Geary Street also good.Location of hotel is ideal if you want to concentrate on shopping, but if its sightseeing you want, suggest you locate nearer Fishermans Wharf where all the tourist action is. Hotel close to cable car line and turnaround but large lines waiting to get on throughout the day.If you want to do Alcatraz, suggest you prebook on the internet as this trip is very popular and books up very quickly. We had to line up for tickets at 7.30am for any cancellations as next available tour was a week in advance. Fortunately we were successful and the trip was great. The city tour by sightseeing tours (gray line) was excellent.Lots of beggars around the Union Square area. Concierge and bell staff helpful.Overall we were disappointed with the quality and felt it necessary to submit this review which hopefully will assist any future travellers to San Francisco.	
Aug 10 2005	Great Hotel - Great Service at any price	To make a long story short, I have always stayed at four and five star hotels. Recently I had a terrible experience at a major upscale hotel paying $500/night. I decided to stay here based on the reviews/price and was not disappointed.There was a mix up with my room type when I arrived. They handled it ASAP and made me feel as if they really cared. None of that indifferent snobby stuff. They were very professional and responsive. I checked out but couldn't get a flight out; called Handlery to extend my stay. They were booked solid but somehow accommodated me.. I requested some personal items because my bags were on the plane home. The items were in my room before I got there. Again great service. Manny at the front desk was AWESOME! Everything I read that was positive was true. I stayed in the Club area. The room facing the street was perfect for me. The view was great. But yes it is noisy so if you are a light sleeper, choose the pool view instead. I had a choice of getting a room with a balcony, but choose to stay in the room with the sliding glass doors that brought the outside directly into the sitting room area. The decor in the club area was better than the candid photos shown. It had gold/tan tones and much bigger. The bathroom had neutral marble tile and could compete with hotels with higher ratings.Lefty's is the best place to get breakfast in the area. Better food and atmosphere for half the price, don't make the mistake I did. Try Lefty's first. Daily Grill has great steaks.Stay here you will not be disappointed.	
Aug 5 2005	First Class Hotel	Stayed at The Handlery with my wife and two teenage kids for 5 nights. We asked for and got interconnecting rooms, one with a double bed the other twin beds. Both rooms were large and well equipped. The bathrooms were of a reasonable size.The hotel was very clean and well decorated throughout. We made good use of the swimming pool and sauna during our visit.The hotel Grill Bar was great for a well earned drink after a long days sightseeing and the restuarant provided an excellent evening meal.The staff were always helpful and the conceirge provided excellent advice as to other good places to eat and visit. We had breakfast in 'Lefties' right next door, excellent food at a good price.The Handlery is very well situated in the Theatre District just yards from Union Square, giving good access to shops and the Cable Cars.Only negative was the price of parking - $36 overnight - but I learnt there were other much cheaper alternatives very close by.During our vacation we stayed at 5 different hotels on the West and East Coast and this was the best all round Hotel. An excellent Hotel which I would not hestitate to visit again or recommend to others.	
Jul 28 2005	Nice Place	Clean room, clean bathroom nicley furnished. Older hotel but nice and clean. Nice staff. Did not use pool as it was too cold, but it looked nice as well. View not that great (back of sign) but wasn't a big necessity for us.	
Jul 25 2005	Fine location- alright for the money	This hotel is in a great location, perfect for the cable car and shopping in Union Square. The hotel front desk has had a big queue each time I have been in reception so check in took a bit of time, then we were told there were no king rooms but after waiting patiently that was dealt with and a room was found.We had a standard room, clean, fairly small but comfortable. Rooms have clearly been renovated, I felt the decor was a bit mismatched but I think that may just be my taste. Swimming pool is a nice addition. Housekeeping do a good job of making the extremely comfortable bed up. However the remote control went missing inexplicably after the bed has been made and it took an hour for someone to replace it which I think is bad service.We opted for the wireless internet service for our stay... connection is terrible, I wouldn't recommend it. Hotel parking is 36 dollars a day.In terms of location though, its very good and not too expensive we paid 139 dollars a night with Hotels.com.	
Jul 20 2005	great hotel - go there	stayed for 4 nights in july 2005 with family (9&amp;12 yrs old) at handlery hotel.rate was 189 USD a night including parking.this hotel is just perfect.we had a nice room (club section) on upper floor with a view on the outdoor pool.the room is in perfect shape. decent size. very comfortable beds and pillows. no problem with the noise we all slept like babies.the outdoor heated pool is a great plus for san francisco. the pool is quite large and we all enjoyed it a lot.the hotel is very nicely located, one block away from the cable car terminal and any other public transportation.i would not hesitate a minute to come back.for breakfast, i would recommend that you go to lefty o`douls restaurant located two houses next to the hotel. the breakfast there is just great at a very decent price.Montrealer2	
Jul 17 2005	The Handlery - the best location at the best rate!	Very warmful welcome at our arrival.We were four people in a very spacious room. Ask for a quiet Club room. I would not recommend to take a room directly on Geary street.I'll certainly stay again at the Handlery when I return at San Francisco.Also many good restaurants around there and very near the cable car station and bus stop.	
Jul 17 2005	Great Location	Stayed at the Handlery Union 29th June 2005 because of the reviews on this website and it was exactly as the reviews had suggested. It was in a great location. Handy for the shops, cable car, restaurants and theatres. Staff at reception were great and the conciege were very helpful giving us tips on where to eat, info on the cable cars and giving us maps to get to places and back to the hotel by car. Didn't use the hotel parking as we found the public car parks in O'farrell Street were cheaper and very close.Had breakfast at Lefty's every morning which was great with a good atmosphere.My sons 18 and 20 used the hotel pool at the end of the day which was great after a busy day sightseeing. We were given a quiet room as requested at the back of the hotel which was a club room and had plenty of room for 4 adults staying. The bathroom was very small, that was my only complaint but the room was very well decorated and the beds were very comfortable. All in all it lived up to its reputation as a small family run hotel in the heart of downtown San Francisco.	
Jul 14 2005	Great Location in Union Square	I have no complaints about this hotel!! First and foremost, it's in a GREAT location in Union Square. It's close to everything. Shopping, restaurants, bus stops, cable car stops. This is great for those of you who don't have a car! The price is right too! I highly recommond getting a CLUB room, especially if you have more than 2 in your party. The regular rooms are really small and older. Club rooms are much bigger and have new amenities. Both rooms have mini-refrigerators, TV's, blow-dryers, and coffee makers. Overall, this was a great, clean, place to stay, in a great location and moderatly priced. Beware wherever you go of the homeless. They are on practically every corner in Union Square begging for change!	
Jun 27 2005	Excellent place to stay	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights. The room, almost a suite, was excellent value considering the very central location of this hotel. The attached restaurant served a good choice of meals at affordable prices. The sevice was first class. Very useful info provided by John Wood, the concierge. Will certainly stay here again when if SF.	
Jun 19 2005	Can't get better	Can't get better for location, hotel and cost. Very clean rooms, stayed in a club room overlooking the pool area, very quiet and comfortable. The pool is excellent and is a sun trap, about 10 degrees warmer than outside the hotel and the heated pool is great. Daily Grill accessible through the hotel is a very good place to eat and drink.	
Jun 18 2005	Wonderful Stay	I have been reading the hotel reviews for about 6 months now and felt that I needed to contribute my experiences as it may help others as it has helped me.We stayed at the Handlery June 8-June 14. Trying to get to know San Francisco as my daughter will be going to college there. We live in Massachusetts so I can't tell you how much research I did before we got there and as you can imagine, very nervous as this is the place my daughter will live for the next 4 years &amp; 3000 miles away! My goal was to find a small hotel with excellent service where I can come when I visit her for the next four years! I had 3 other hotels on my list and after speaking to Christine, the general manager on the phone before I made my reservation, I knew this was the place for us. As we did not spend much time in our room getting to know the city, EVERYONE there made us feel right at home. I even got to meet Mr. Handlery himself and he made us feel very welcome. Dale at the conceirge desk was so gracious to us and answered every question I had no matter how stupid it may have been. Our room was very clean and was very quiet. We faced the pool area. I think there was some kind of convention in town and on one night, there was some loudness by the pool at 11 pm. But it only went on for a few minutes before someone from the hotel put a stop to it. We were impressed. We will be returning in August for the emotional dorm move-in with my daughter and The Handlery is were we will be returning and returning again.	
Jun 7 2005	Excellent Deal	We stayed there for our Honeymoon in the Club Area - Got a package deal (on their website) which included free parking. In my opinion this was the best way to go because parking is not cheap in San Fran! We loved our room. Comfortable big bed, clean, lovely decor! This was a four star hotel for the price of a two star! I think a gem. The &quot;social butterfly&quot; conceirege was very friendly. This hotel is very central and makes it easy to get to many neat places by foot. Our room was facing the pool courtyard and was very quiet. The only thing they forgot was to give us our honeymoon package (wine, chocolate, etc...) but was rectified by the professional desk staff.	
Jun 4 2005	Our fabourite city hotel on our honeymoon	Having spent the honeymoon in several 5 star hotels, we personally preferred this one out of all of them, even though it was only mentioned as a 3 star plus.The room was the biggest we had been given. (In the 5 stars we had the executive suites). There were 2 large closets for clothes and a respectable bathroom. Because it was an old building it had real character with sash windows and white fire escapes running down the building exterior.The bed was firm yet soft and comfortable. There was a lot of noise from the street not helped by the single-glazed sash windows, but I only ever woke once briefly to the sound of a fire engine.The staff were helpful and genuine. In the Daily Grill the meals were big enough for 2 people.We only stayed 2 nights here but it wasn't enough to see San Fransisco so we will have to return and the Handlery will be where we will stay.	
May 30 2005	Hits all the right buttons	Arrived to find we had been upgraded to the Club section, a very pleasent surprise. The room was large and airy, with a very good bathroom/dressing section, extremely comfortable king bed, and comprehensively appointed. There was a small sitting area with sofa and chairs next to a balcony - and this was the only downside. Other reviews of the Handlery have mentioned street noise - and our room overlooked O'Farrell Street. Take heed - it is noisy, but sleep is easy with earplugs, and this small problem should not put anyone off this excellent hotel. You can bet all the other hotels which are as convenient as this suffer the same problem! We were only there for three days, but found the Daily Grill filled all our needs, and those of a lot of locals, always a good sign. Friendly and courteous staff made for a great break - would return here any time.	
May 7 2005 	nice comfy not-very-exciting	friendly, helpful, unobtrusive staffclean, reasonable-sized roomsdecent on-site restaurantnot many amenities, but well situated near bus lines, cable carwalking distance to many restaurants, theaters, Moscone Ctrwe stayed for a week, had no problems	
May 1 2005	Excellent service	We stayed here for 4 nights in March 2005 and knew absolutely nothing about the hotel,having booked it through an agent. We did ask in advance for a quiet room as we had heard that Union Square could be noisy. On booking in we were told that the Chairman of the hotel wished to meet us who had been informed it was my husband's birthday trip and had even arranged for a bottle of champagne for our room. The staff were wonderful and while we did eat in Lefty's one morning, the service and atmosphere was so good in the Daily Grill, we stuck with it. The food was very good both for breakfast and dinner but for us &quot;Brits&quot;,one meal shared was sufficient. The Concierge helped us in any way she could and gave us some good tips on where to go.Altogether an excellent hotel we would recommend to anyone and would certainly stay in again (preferably when it stops raining and we can use the pool!!)	
Apr 20 2005 	Great except the noise	Just stayed here for 4 nights for a convention. Stayed in the newer club rooms, which were very nice. Had plenty of room, good beds, etc. Only problem was very loud street noise, it was the loudest hotel I have ever stayed in! I had not known to ask for a room facing the pool. We asked housekeeping about a fan or something to drown out the noise, but they had nothing. Other than that, staff was friendly and helpful, especially about public transportation. It is a short easy walk from the BART station, as well as cable car and bus stops, the convention center. The restaurant they recommended in Chinatown, Great Eastern, was below average though. After the first night, we bought earplugs, which helped alot, though you could still hear some street noise. If you ask for a quiet room, this hotel should be great.	
Apr 19 2005	Fun Quick Trip	My husband and I along with another couple friend of ours made a one night quick get away to San Francisco and chose The Handlery for the price and location. I had stayed here before and once again, they met my expectations. The staff here is really nice and helpful, it's in an excellent area and the rooms are nice and cozy. After a long night of partying, we slept wonderfully in our very comfortable beds! Can't wait to go back!	
Apr 18 2005	Great Family Stay	Last week we stayed with my family of 4 in one of the rooms in the new section of the hotel. We'd done enough research and had stayed once before that we knew we wanted an inside room so we didn't have to deal with street traffic. We got a good rate online and were even able to book a room just one day in advance via the internet that the hotel staff when we called them directly weren't able to book. Odd but...we were very happy. We had a room with two queen beds and LOTS of space in the bathroom area. This was a CLUB QUEEN QUEEN room. Their regular room that we had last year with just two full sized beds was nicely furnished but much smaller.This isn't the nicest hotel in town but it was perfect for us with our two kids -- 7 &amp; 9 -- to walk VERY easily to Union Square and take the cable car across town. It's such a central location we'll definitely keep staying here. It's one of the only hotels in the area with a pool in this price range which is also a big plus for us with kids who love to swim.	
Apr 12 2005	Enjoyed my stay	Very clean and comfortable for a reasonable price, and with excellent staff... very helpful, warm, friendly atmosphere.	
Apr 9 2005	Loved this hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights. I would definitely recommend the Club Rooms. I didn't find it noisy, but then we were facing the pool. Actually the people in the pool were really noisy, but then we were in bed by 8pm with jetlag! But other than that, the noise levels were fine. Friendly, helpful staff. I'd recommend Lefty's (just turn right out of the hotel, and it's next door) for breakfast - half the price of the Daily Grill - although the Daily Grill was rather good. Excellent spot for shopping and the cable cars. Definitely recommend this place.	
Mar 25 2005	hidden gem	Right off the bat, I'd like to say that I am a very fussy traveller. After numerous diappointing trips in travel agent recommended hotels, I booked the Handlery on the basis of the majority of comments posted by other travellers to your site. The reviews were bang on. The location of the hotel is second to none, directly at Union Square, in the midst of some fabulous shopping. The staff was very nice and accomdating, the concierge even going so far to purchase a little easter bunny for my 7 year old daughter, who accompanied us. The pool area was a welcome relaxtion point after a long day of touring. We purchased the &quot;bed and Breakfast plan&quot; directly off the Hanlery's site, and were treated to a gargantuan breakfast daily. Our room was large, and very well appointed, having nice fluffy robes. The ONLY downside to the hotel was the noise levele from OUTSIDE the property. After a restless first night, my husband and I wore ear plaugs, and were treated to successive peaceful nights sleep. Take it from this fusspot, this is a good hotel at a remarkable price.	
Mar 17 2005	Noise control needed	The Handlery is a good hotel as long as you wear earplugs! It is in desparate need of double gazing especially if you have a lower room facing Greary Street.The rooms are nicely fitted out, the staff good and the location the best but far too noisy.	
Mar 13 2005	Very central to all you need	The handlery offered us a great rate for our stay of 4 nights - it was a clean - basic well serviced hotel - reception/valet staff could probably do with a little customer service training!! but at the deals they offer you cant complain. Very centrally located beside most main shopping areas and a taxi ride from the pier 39	
Feb 11 2005	Honeymoon bliss	I chose this hotel based on information I found on this site, so I thought I would return the favor by positively reviewing the establishment.  Once we chose San Fran as our destination, planning the honeymoon was easy. But the hotel part was a bit of a challenge. I finally chose the Handlery based on: price, reviews from this site, and the cordial phone exchange I had when I called inquiring about rates. The other hotels (no names mentioned, but they were all in Union Square and were considerably more expensive) were curt and not particularly accommodating on the phone. But the woman I spoke with at the Handlery was straight-shooting, gave me her direct line if I had any questions, and offered a remarkable rate + a room upgrade since were honeymooners.  For first-time visitors like my wife and I, the ride from the airport to the hotel was a bit of an eye opener. You go through some rather decrepit areas. But the block where the hotel is (on Geary) is beautiful. Once we found our room (complete with champagne--compliments of the hotel), we were delighted. It wasn't huge, but it was more than enough, plus it had a little balcony and a small changing room adjacent to the bathroom. The bed was large and comfy and the place was SPOTLESS. I was quite relieved, having only seen a handful of lo-res pictures on some website.   The concierge was superb, and advised us (after seeing us hailing cabs the first few days) to use San Fran's excellent public transportation. Coming from Philadelphia, we were skeptical (SEPTA, for those who live in or near Philadelphia, is the most expensive public transport in the country). We found the San Fran system to be excellent and very cheap. The concierge also recommended some great (and affordable) restaurants in the area. Lefty O'Doul's was fun, cafeteria-style dining and it's literally right nextdoor to the hotel. We were able to see many sites (Golden Gate bridge, SBC Park, Chinatown, Haight-Ashbury) via a short bus ride from the hotel. The location was very convenient.   Room service was prompt and the food was always delicious. The staff was friendly and helpful. By and large, our stay was near perfect.   I have to mention the two things, just to be fair, that kept me from giving it the full five stars:  1. There was what I like to call &quot;the kiddie&quot; factor. I don't like screaming kids, sorry. In fact, I'm lukewarm on kids period. But this place, being a reasonably priced hotel in a neighborhood pretty much devoid of reasonably priced hotels, caters (from what I could see) to families. Literally every night (and early in the morning when these dreadful small creatures arise), we had some kids screaming or stomping in the hallway. This is not really the hotel's fault, but it bears mentioning for those who want a truly quiet getaway.  2. Don't let San Fran natives soft-sell you on the homeless person factor. MANY San Francisco residents scolded me for even being concerned. Well, let me tell you, these people hound you constantly and you can't walk 1/2 block without being asked for change. And some of them get downright belligerent. I realize this is a terribly insensitive thing to say, but it wasn't something we wanted to see on our honeymoon. If we wanted to see (and be able to help) homeless people, we would have gone on some kind of Christian retreat. It really put a damper on what was otherwise a stellar visit.  As long as you realize going in that it is URBAN, it is the city, you'll be okay. I think the shock of it made it hard for my wife and I. This is not a criticism of the hotel, just a warning to those unfamiliar with the area. Otherwise, this was a great visit and I would definitely recommend the Handlery--especially to honeymooners. 	
Jan 22 2005	Great getaway for an overnight	My wife and I just BARTed in from the East Bay for a night away from the kids. This hotel was very close to the Powell St. station, just a couple of block towards Union Sq. We found the location to be excellent, the service (although not used much) was very nice and welcoming.We opted for the &quot;Bed and Breakfast&quot; package, which included a full breakfast at the Daily Grill located in the hotel. This sounds like sort of a diner type restaurant, but actually it was very nice. We chose to even come back there for dinner and weren't disappointed. We stayed in the clubs section in a king room with balcony. The view was of the city, and from tripadvisor we knew there would be some street noise, but only that of any big american city.The bathrooms are nicely appointed, the linens and decor are top notch.We loved it, and plan on going back for more shopping and fun in the near future.	
Jan 17 2005	Fantastic location great rooms	We stayed at the Handlery Union Square for 3 nights in early January 2005. Thanks to previous Trip Advisor reviews we knew exactly where to have breakfast - at Lefty O'Doul's which is 2 doors away (on your right as you walk out). Huge serving of delicious pancakes for around $4. They also do take out which we took back to our room for our kids who wouldn't get out of bed. We stayed in a family suite which comprised a large room with two double beds and a fold out sofa bed, one bathroom &amp; another small room with a double bed. Fortunately there were 2 TVs, a must when you have 3 children. The room was in the old section, but was beautifully refurbished &amp; rather quaint. We had a high floor, so noise from the street wasn't a problem. There was absolutely NO view, just overlooking other old buildings, so we kept the venetian blinds shut. The room has tea/coffee making facilities and a fridge. Location was fantastic, cable cars around the corner which take you all the way to Fisherman's Wharf. Shopping at Union Square is also great. We were right in the heart of one of the most beautiful cities in the world. Highly recommended.	
Dec 11 2004	A1 Handlery - top location	My Wife and I stayed here 17th to 22nd Nov 2004 during a 3 centre break down the west coast and had no problems at all. The only reason I've given the hotel 4 stars is because the wife says the view was not good enough. (Don't no what she expects from a San Franscisco hotel window?). Anyway the hotel reception is stylish the rooms spotless with nice decor. Would recommend the steak and eggs for breakfast at the grill that is joined on to the hotel. A tip would be to get a MUNI pass on your first day there, we paid $20 each for a 7 day one and it paid for itself a few times over the amount of times we used public transport - especially the cable cars. The Handlery is also very central - 50yds to union square and the shopping is A1. After a hard days sight seeing or shopping ' The Irish Bar ' at the back entrance to the hotel and the Boddingtons it served proved a perfect nightcap.	
Nov 16 2004	Great Place! Excellent Location!! Amazing!!	My wife and I honeymooned there in July 2004. The place was awesome. First of all, they upgraded us to a complimentary suite. They also sent champaign and chocolates to our room, twice!! It is also located in a prime spot. This was our first time to San Francisco, and it was very easy to get around from the hotel. The famous cable cars are very, very close. Chinatown is also nearby (about a ten minute walk). It is a fun place with great (and cheap) food. There are also other forms of public transportation that are located nearby (five minutes walking). The concierge desk is a tremendous help. We were clueless to many things, but they were able to get us through everything. One day, we decided to rent a car. So, we called the concierge and they arranged everything for us. We just walked around the block and picked up the car. The stay was great, and I would go back in a heartbeat.I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL!!	
Nov 9 2004	Wonderful family owned property	Just spent a weekend at the Handlery and was very pleased, once again.Our room was nicely decorated in shades of sage green. We had 2 full size beds, an armoire (with a tv, a small fridge and a coffee maker ), a low dresser that doubled as a bench to sit upon or place bags upon, two chairs and a couple night tables. There was a large walk-in closet (plenty of room to hang clothes and store luggage), and a bathroom with a tub/shower, sink and toilet. Wasn't a big bathroom, but it was big enough, and very, very clean. The room is on the smallish side, but it was fine for the 3 of us for a couple nights. A king room would be just fine for 2 for an extended trip.Keep in mind it is not a high end hotel (like the Ritz or the St Francis), but it is a good solid value with clean, comfortable rooms, a perfect location. It has more personality than a Holiday Inn or Ramada. The staff is wonderful and knowledgable about the city, and the location is PERFECT.	
Oct 20 2004	excellent	Just stayed five nights at this hotel and was well pleased. Good standard and well appointed.Room size fine for city centre hotel and requested quiet room was quiet. Excellent Daily Grill attached to hotel.Great value and would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 12 2004	Great location	Stayed here 29-30 September.Loved it. It was nice to stay in something a bit quirky and different.Asked for a quiet room (mindful of other complaints about street noise) and was given one which looked into a window shaft between buildings - and that was fine and it was quiet which was really important because lots of hotel workers were striking while we were in SF- chanting outside hotels from early till late. Handlerys staff were not stiking but staff across the road at another hotel were. So we smugly enjoyed our lack of view and the silence.Room not overly large, but well appointed.Location was great. We caught the BART in from the airport and were easily able to manage our bags up to the hotel. We also easily managed our bags to the big rental car gararge along the next street. Perfect spot.	
Oct 10 2004	Great hotel good size room .	Good hotel close to excellent shops and restuarants in Union Square. Large double room with good bathroom fascilities. Very clean. Easy walking distance to cable cars and trolleys stops. Staff were friendly and helpful. Apparently good resturant in hotel but did not have time to sample. Looked inviting though. Wolud certainly choose again as San Francisco great fun and Pier 39 and 41 fantastic fun and wodeful seafood.	
Sep 26 2004	Good time in San Fran	My wife and I stayed here for four nights in September and found it to be well located. Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful although a couple of the staff at the check in desk came over as a little arrogant, standing at the desk and being ignored is not nice. The room as with the hotel was clean and comfortable. San Francisco is a great city and would visit again. Over all I would recommend the Handlery	
Sep 24 2004	Fantastic location!	The Handlery is in the most perfect position to explore Union Square and beyond. It's right near the cable cars to take you to Fisherman's Wharf, we didn't need our car at all. $29 per night for parking is a bit steep though!!Also a perfect place to visit the many shops and restaurants around the city. The Concierge was very helpful giving us some great places to eat...Yum!! Lefty O'Douls (2 doors down) was a great spot for a cheap and fast breakfast.The Handlery was clean and spacious and our room was very quiet. Pool was heated and great for a relax after a day to Alcatraz!	
Sep 22 2004	Great location	We stayed here in August for 1 night for the last leg of our honeymoon. We were upgraded on arrival to a club room by the pool, and received a bottle of champers and a basket of fruit, nibbles etc. The room was clean, airy, quite spacious, and being at the inner part of the hotel, we didn't hear traffic noise. We were recommended to go a door down to Lefty O'Douls for breakfast and so glad we did. They do fantastic omelettes and pancakes and it has a real feel about the place. We also went to a groovy little diner just off Union Square which was done out similar to a Greece set!! Very quirky!!The pool seemed a bit in need of work, but apart form that everything else was fine. A fabulous base to see San Francisco, right smack bang on the doorstep of Union Square, and a tram stop within footsteps.	
Sep 17 2004	Fabulous!!	We stayed at The Handlery for 2 nights in August. The entire city had no hotel rooms - we were lucky to get a suite of any kind 3 days prior to arrival. Even so, we booked the Jr. Executive Suite for a special rate of $170/night. We expected an ok hotel, particularly because it was family run, but never did we expect it to be FABULOUS! The room was gorgeous - one of the best we've ever stayed in - the staff so much more than courteous (including the valets who helped us unload 2 weeks worth of baggage with our 2 kids!), and the location was perfect as it overlooks Union Sq. The only drawbacks are that it's a bit loud (the windows are original and you hear most of what's going on outside - not an issue if you're a city dweller) and the building layout is a bit confusing as it's in 2 buildings. The concierge booked us at a perfect French restaurant - exactly what we asked for - and the comments I left on their card solicited a personal reply from the owner. Is this customer service or what??!?Stay with no qualms! And ask about some of their special rooms - we were shocked at how inexpensive their suite was. Same room at our local Cincinnatian (a comparable great hotel) would have been $450. Can't say enough good about it!	
Aug 28 2004	Great hotel - shame about the noise!	Visited here in August as part of our honeymoon package. The location of this hotel is perfect, right in the heart of union square, a shoppers paradise!We were unfortunately allocated a 2 single bed room on our first night (and there were no other rooms available), the hotel rectified this the following day, with a fantastic room overlooking Union square. The one problem we found with rooms at the front is the noise. Trust me, the dustcarts at 4/5 am are the noisiest dustcarts I have ever heard in my entire life - take earplugs!I believe the rooms in the club section overlooking the pool are the best rooms to stop in.Great city though, loads of character and some wonderful skyscraper views in the Carnelian Restaurant - go at sunset - it is just beautiful as the sun sets over the Golden Gate Bridge.Do a city tour and book Alcatraz in advance (otherwise you will be disappointed). We also ventured to Muir Woods and Sausalito, both beautiful places.One final piece of advice - take a jumper or light coat for the evening, it does get chilly.	
Aug 25 2004	Good bargain/Get Club Room	Hey, I'm that friend from across the hall (see other review) and I really liked the Bill Murray guy in the Lefty O'Doul piano bar. Club rooms are a must if you have a family. We had 3 small kids and could fit a nice roll-a-way in the room. Definitely a good bargain... THe pool isn't big but not bad for San Fran, where it is hard to find pools, particulary in Union Square. Two Starbucks within walking distance. It was hard to get the room made up at a decent hour. Staff was great: in particular. Herme and Kevin rock!	
Aug 25 2004	Good Location	We stayed 4 nights at this hotel and found it excellent - lovely and clean, comfortable beds. The location was fantastic for us - just off Union Square and handy for shopping, the cable car etc.. The only downside was the room was cramped for the 4 or us (2 adults and 2 teenagers), but we did have one of the cheaper rooms - so not complaining.I had wondered whether to stay near Fishermans Wharf but glad we didn't as we found it a bit tacky.We didn't eat in the attached restaurant - but found some excellent diners just around the corner - good for breakfast. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Aug 25 2004	HONEYMOONERS BEWARE!	We chose this hotel out of many others because the brochure said they offered a good honeymoon package and we'd read before on this site that people had been upgraded. Unfortunately, the room we got was terrible. It over looked a brick wall and the hotels main air ventilation pipe which hummed all day and night non stop.The honeymoon package consisted of a cheap bottle of wine, 2 apples, 2 oranges and a bag of pretzels.We didn't feel special one bit in this place. The staff were unattentive. Anyone can easily walk in off the street and take themselves around the hotel and non of the staff would realise, as we proved when we met up with friends and took them up to our room unchallenged.And one last thing, whatever you do, don't use the phone in your room. 20 minutes to the UK cost $170 (£95). Shame on you Handerlery.	
Aug 22 2004 	Choose wisely!	What a find!! Spend a few dollars extra for the &quot;club&quot; room and ask for a pool view to insure relative quiet. Friends across the hall had a better city view but more noise. Our family of four (2+2) had plenty of room, the pool was well heated, and Lefty O'Douls Pub next door has a hilarious piano bar singer (think Bill Murray on SNL) and the best breakfast deal outside of Jack in the Box. The refrigerator worked great, the $10 parking special was a steal (with helpful attendants), the air conditioning seemed adequate, and the location was incredible. We will surely return on our next SF visit. The only problem was getting the room made up before 5:00.	
Aug 13 2004	Good Location but spartan accomodations	My two brothers and I were in town to see the Cubs. We got the $249 3 bed &quot;suite,&quot; which consisted of two small rooms with an adjoining bathroom (also small). The hallways were musty, the beds were short and narrow, and one of the TVs (the one facing the 2 beds and couch) was busted. The two window &quot;views&quot; were of perching and defecating pigeons, and the other to an alley.The bar next door had harmelssly smartalecky bartenders, which was fun. Limited interaction with front desk, but no problems either at checkin or checkout.It is a healthy walk to SBC Park, but right near Union Square.	
Jul 23 2004	Very impressed w/location employees 	Just returned from 5-night stay. Huge King Club room overlooked noisy O'Farrell St., but earlier reviews prompted us to bring ear plugs - after 1st night, didn't notice the noise. GREAT location &amp; helpful, accomodating employees. Nicely updated room had scales (ugh!), robes, regular fridge &amp; makeup mirror, too. 23 steps to main building. Liked the fact that we could take elevator to garage &amp; go straight out to O'Farrell. Breakfast package for Daily Grill was a good deal. Lots of shops &amp; eateries all around. Would stay there again (maybe even try pool side next time).	
Jun 29 2004	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in mid June 2004. Friends were also staying at the hotel, so we got to see 4 different rooms. All of which were fantastic. We were in a quad share room which had a lot of space. Nice clean bathrooms and hotel. Pool was nice to swim in after a hard day of sight seeing. Would stay here again.	
Jun 24 2004	Good Location Nice Room BUT	We stayed here New Year's Eve. We requested a room with a view of Union Square which we were told we'd have yet we did not get when we checked in. The rooms were nice and we did get a nice view of the other side. The staff however did not make a good impression, almost semmed as if they did not want to be there.	
Jun 3 2004	Great hotel.	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in May after reading good reports about it on this web site ,this hotel is great value with a great location the hotel is very clean with friendly helpful staff .The location is great with shops galore and the tram stop almost outside the hotel entrance .Only one bad point was the amount of beggars outside in the street asking for money but they were friendly enough, and did not stop us having a marvelous holiday in this great USA city.	
May 27 2004	great location but be aware of room sizes	We stayed 2 nights in april 2004. In the historic wing. The place was nice and clean, staff was friendly.Location was great...close to all the huge department stores all within walking distance. But remember not to stay in the rooms by the street as they are small in size and noisy...you can hear all the traffic and talking/screams at night by passer byes..it makes it difficult to sleep...the rooms further in are more spacious..we experienced both rooms as the toilet plumbing went bung!..and we were moved to the inner rooms away from the street noise...I can say that i would stay there again but room size and positioning are important..but location was fantastic.	
May 23 2004	Quaint and Enjoyable but....	The Handlery Union Square, San Francisco, CA is a quaint hotel in the heart of Union Square. The location is ideal seeing the sights of San Francisco via walking, public transportation, and personal auto. The hotel staff is quite helpful (e.g., the concierge service was very knowledgeable and friendly) with the only exception being one member of the front desk staff who seemed to being having a perpetual bad day each time I or a member of my family interacted with her. Not-a-problem, however, we simply &quot;infuriated her with kindness&quot; and sought out the concierge representatives.The room was nicely appointed with comfortable beds. The only complaint offered would be the miserable view of a back alley and roof top air-conditioning units. Speaking of air-conditioning, it is my assumption that the roof-top air-conditioning units were only for show as the temperature in the room seemed to never drop below 75 degrees and was not remedied even after contacting maintenance. This, however, was resolved by opening the windows at night with surprisingly little noise creeping in from the outside.While all rooms in San Francisco come at a rather hefty price, overall the Handlery offers nice mid-week packages for the holiday family traveler. Bring a fan and enjoy the accommodations of the Handlery. It's always more enjoyable to suffer a bit of heat in a quaint luxury hotel as compared to the factory hotel boxes occupying most cities.	
May 22 2004	Good.....but	We booked the Handlery Union Square for our first 3 nights (19-21 April 2004) of our honeymoon which began in San Francisco. We booked a room in the Club Section and the room was gorgeous. The hotel is in a fab location right round the corner from Union Square and all the great stores/restaurants etc. Fab location!Heres the but.......the room overlooked an Irish Pub....and at 2am every morning we were woken by the pub emptying. The first morning I couldn't even figure out where I was or what all the noise was about because it sounded like it was right outside our door. By the 2nd morning we were not impressed. We only had one more night and the hotel was fully booked so we lasted the full 3 nights. This hotel has a great location with lovely rooms but it seriously needs to invest in double-glazing!!!!!The check-in staff wore scowls constantly and when my husband rang down to ask a question was given 'No' as the reply and the phone went dead. The concierge was the most unhelpful man I've ever met and the restaurant staff were so slow and unfriendly I felt I should have been paid to eat there.We met a couple who stayed at the Westin St Francis and couldn't praise it enough so I think we'll be going there next time. It was in our short-list initially but a friend recommended the Handlery and we said we'd give it a try. Not the most restful 3 nights I've ever had though!	
May 20 2004	Handlery great but!!!	Myself and 4 Girlfriends stayed in The Handlery Hotel for 4 nights, we had booked a twin and triple room on arrival we were upgraded to the club section with interconnecting doors Fantastic location a lovely hotel, I would recommend to anyone except for one thing the staff are not very friendly in particular the bar staff. We found them very rude no way helpful and if they could avoid serving us they would. I would still stay there again as the location and hotel were first class. Probably avoid having a drink!!!	
Apr 12 2004	Location location location	This hotel has an excellent location, tucked between many of the finest hotels of the city, and is close to Union Square. Many of the hotels we tried to book were full, but we were able to get a good rate here, which included breakfast. Were I to stay there again, I would go for the rate which includes parking ($27 a day, going rate in the city). The decor is very handsome and the bed is one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, period. The pool is not of resort caliber, but it is well tended, heated and my two boys were happy to splash about after a day in the city. HOWEVER, there is a huge difference in the rooms overlooking the alley as opposed to those by the pool. The noise from the alley kept me awake all night. They were able to offer me a different room for the second night of our stay and it made all the difference in the world. The rooms on the &quot;pool side&quot; are larger and very quiet at night.	
Mar 30 2004	Wonderful honeymoon!	We stayed for 7 nights at the Handlery and were upgraded to a huge suite which was a wonderful surprise. We received a hamper of fruit and sparkling wine as it was our honeymoon. Service was excellent - whenever we had a query it was answered immediately. The pool was an asset as not many hotels in the city have one. The restaurant adjoining was excellent too. Would definitely go back!	
Mar 20 2004	A family run hotel and it shows.	My wife and I stayed five nights at the Handlery. Reception was friendly and efficient and despite having a junior suite, my wife was unhappy with the view. No problem, they changed our room and we stayed in the club section. All the staff were very helpful especially the concierge service and we would reccomend this family owned and run hotel over the inpersonable chains.	
Mar 4 2004	Fantastic position - fabulous stay	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights after I had stayed briefly on business several years ago. The room was out of this world - a one-bedroomed suite even though we had paid the basic rate. the position is unrivalled, as most guided tours depart from Union Square, just one block away. Also just one block away is the cablecar terminus and Macy's department store. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I left my jacket in the taxi from the airport and the concierge told me not to worry, he would make sure I got it back. He did too! Great to have a swimming pool in a city-centre hotel, and a brilliant restaurant serving breakfast and dinner. I would never stay anywhere else in San Francisco!!	
Feb 16 2004	Rooftop seclusion.	The late Grandma Handlery's rooftop apartment is a great escape from the city and includes a private patio. No view, but definitely Handlery's best-kept secret. A great old-San Francisco hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful, including those in the adjoining restaurant, The Daily Grill (which has great food). I've stayed here three times, and each time has been special thanks to the Handlery staff! The updated lobby decor adds to the metropolitan feel without distracting from the Old San Francisco feel.	
Feb 5 2004	Not bad...	Good points: MASSIVE room, truly was huuuuuge, but I think it was a corner room, so it was larger than normal, but we didn't pay any extra for it. Good location for the shops. The staff were friendly, especially Dale (don't know if he's still working there.)Bad points: The tramps outside dampened the atmosphere, and we felt we couldn't go out at night. Insultingly small swimming pool. The restaurant was shut when we were there (was in 2001, sure it's all renovated now!) so had to eat at Lefty O'Tooles (like a canteen) and a HIDEOUS diner, was like the diner on 'No Batteries Included'. Is also quite a way from the Wharf and Alcatraz, especially with all them hills.Would not go back to San Fran, not many things to do there!	
Jan 8 2004	good location	We stayed at the Handlery in August 2003, on our honeymoon. When we arrived, our room had been upgraded and we got champagne and fruit. The room was very clean and comfortable. The location is excellent for Union Sqaure and shopping. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We would definitly stay there again if ever in San Francisco.	
Oct 12 2003	Best bed on our trip	We stayed in the Club Section with a view of the pool.This was one of the best rooms we stayed in our our trip to America. The room was very nice, recently redone. The bed was the best part of it. It was soooo comfortable my husband and I did not want to get out of it.We found the staff at the reception desk very friendly and helpful. We were even upgraded to the Club Section.This place is close to everything, especially the shops. There is a great restuarant across the road. I can not remember the name of it but if you walk out the front of the hotel and look to the across the road to the left it is on the corner.Only con was the homeless people on the street, they scared me a few times but most of the time my husband was with me. I don't think it would matter where you stay in SF, you would still encounter this.We had a great time but remember to bring your winter cloths. We were there mid July and it was COLD.	
Oct 7 2003	Won't be going back..	Not one of my favourite US hotels. On the plus side the location couldn't be more ideal for the shopping, chinatown and public transport; the furnishings are great and it is one of the few hotels in SF that has a heated (small) pool - although the pool area doesn't get much in the way of sunshine because of the surrounding buildings. And the staff were very polite and helpful - aside from one lady on reception who thought it hilarious that our room key cards had been cancelled at 0200 one morning.The negatives predominated however - starting with my online reservation of a king balcony room - I didn't get a king bed and I didn't get a balcony room either.Their own website states &quot;each room equipped with wireless internet access&quot; - they aren't, so lugging a laptop six thousand miles did annoy me slightly as it was one of the deciding factors of my choice, almost as much as the next to useless webTV that is there. If this was a UK hotel I would be reporting them for fraud.As has been stated in other reviews, if you're not in the club section the rooms are tiny even by SF standards (my party had rooms in both sections). The twin non-club rooms we saw were too small to even store two people's luggage - bear that in mind if your planning a stay of any length.rThe air con in the club room was woefully inadequate - nothing but low speed - and what really irked me was that California was in the grip of a heatwave for the first few days of the visit and the hotel dealt with it by 'rationing' everyone's air conditioning by setting the minimum available temperature to 68 degrees from a central control - absolutely unbelievable!!Housekeeping in the club room was sporadic with beds and coffee forgotten on some days, but fine in the other room - aside from a few years worth of grime on the windows that somewhat clouds the view!All in all it was a place to sleep for a couple of weeks, but not one I will be returning to..	
Sep 29 2003	Not A Good End To A USA Trip!	I realise that hotel rooms are generally quite small in San Francisco but this was ridiculous! The room was small, dirty, and from the window all we could see was the building next door. There was some strange smell coming from the air conditioning vent, and the staff were EXTREMELY rude and impolite. After staying at various hotels throughout the US this was definately the worst! We will never ever stay here again! You would at least think the staff would be courteous... if you want nice people- go somewhere else!	
Sep 28 2003	Great deal lots of fun		
Aug 27 2003	Great location for everything!		
Aug 25 2003	Can Handle the Handlery		
Jul 25 2003	Great start to California trip		
Jul 22 2003	Great location and room; would stay here again		
Jul 1 2003	great staff		
May 6 2003	handlerys fine		
May 6 2003	Great Location Friendly Hotel		
Jan 29 2003	Nice rooms plenty of amenities		
Feb 17 2002	Hotel review		
Feb 17 2002	Non un gran che...ma in comoda posizione		
Feb 17 2002	Posizione ottima		
Oct 7 2009 	come posizione è il migliore		
Aug 27 2009 	Hotel très bien situé		
Aug 5 2009 	Vieillot		
Jun 8 2009 	Ottima posizione prezzo giusto		
Mar 31 2009	Basislager		
Nov 24 2008 	Vraiment bien		
Oct 27 2008 	Très moyen		
Oct 23 2008 	Super Lage Zimmer ok		
Oct 21 2008 	bella posizione		
Oct 13 2008 	Ottima posizione		
Oct 6 2008 	Posizione davvero ottima		
Sep 2 2008 	Bon séjour avec un peu de chance...		
Sep 1 2008 	Bon hotel super emplacement personnel super		
Aug 22 2008 	Très décevant et cher sur le parking		
Aug 7 2008 	Wir würden nicht wieder kommen		
May 27 2008 	Idéalement situé		
May 8 2008 	Ottimo		
Feb 22 2008 	Ottima posizione!!!!!!!!!		
Aug 28 2007	bon hotel bien situé		
Jul 11 2007 	Ottimo Hotel		
