	A great hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights with a a friend. It is incredible. The staff are amazing, the rooms beautiful, breakfast lovely and we got a special offer so it was quite reasonable cost wise. Like everywhere else in San Francisco, you have to climb uphill a bit to get to it, but it is in a really good location for the centre of the city.	
Nov 26 2009 	A Gem of a Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights and everything was perfect. The room was very spacious and the bed was really comfortable. Best of all was the bathroom - clean, well lighted and bright, and with all necessary amenities.Front desk staff were friendly and helpful and service was impeccable. I had a minor problem with the TV and the problem was sorted out within 15 minutes. Complimentary wireless internet worked flawlessly.Location is great - just a couple of blocks from Union Square with lots of eating places and shops.Will definitely stay here again on my next trip to San Francisco.	
Nov 24 2009 	Beautiful Eco Friendly Hotel	I can't say enough good things about The Orchard. Everything was beautiful. And they are green hotel located at the bottom of Nob Hill. Loved every minute there. Flawless service. Excellent restaurant and right near Chinatown. We are definitely going back.	
Nov 20 2009 	Very peaceful and clean hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at the Orchard Hotel when we visited San Francisco. We have stayed at numerous hotels in S.F. over the years and decided to try the Orchard Hotel because of the great reviews we read about it. The rooms were very clean and spacious, and the bed comfortable. Although the hotel is just two blocks from the heart of Union Square the hotel is a quiet respite away from the noise of honking of cars and cable car bells. This hotel is a great value and I look forward to staying there again.	
Nov 20 2009 	lived up to expectations	A charming eco-friendly hotel located in an excellent spot easily acessible to Nob Hill/China town/Financial District/Union sq with exceptionally comfortable rooms and services.	
Nov 20 2009	Meet our expectations - we'll be back!	The Orchard Hotel is great - clean, well-appointed, good location, friendly staff, and decent prices by comparison. This was our second visit (the first was about a year ago) and we'll definitely be back next year for our annual mother-daughter trip to SF. So the details in no particular order: - The hotel is 20 minute BART ride from the SF airport and then a quick 5 minute cab ride up Powell (and I do mean up...the hill near the hotel is much too steep for pulling on luggage). Don't make the mistake of taking the cable car up to the hotel because the line is too long and the ride is crowded, especially with luggage (but do ride the cable car at least once on your trip...it's fun).- It's a smallish hotel, so check-in was quick and easy.- Space is a premium in most of SF, so they provide two oversized twin (&quot;three-quarter&quot;) beds in the double rooms instead of two full- or queen-sized beds. We honestly didn't notice much difference because they were VERY comfortable and still quite roomy. - We were given one of the wheelchair accessible rooms again, which had its pros (better view of the city from a larger room in the corner) and one con (awkward hand-held shower with low water pressure). - Unlike our first visit, we had some difficulty setting up the free wi-fi this time around, but a somewhat lengthy and involved call to the help desk got us up and running. - We didn't order room service or eat at the lovely-looking restaurant, but there are decent enough restaurants within walking distance in Chinatown and the Financial District.-The hotel doesn't have a vending machine, but there is a slightly overpriced neighborhood convenience store about a half block away if you crave snacks (the minibar in the room was locked and we didin't request the key).- On our last night, some guest(s) starting smoking somewhere near our room (it's a non-smoking hotel), and the smell came into our room through the vent. I guess other guests also noticed this because when I called to complain, the front desk said they were aware of the problem and that security was working to catch whoever it was. It was definitely a mar to an otherwise nice stay, but the smell dissipated within about an hour and we were able to fall back asleep.- The doormen were super friendly and helpful, giving good restaurant recommendations, getting cabs for us, helping with luggage, etc.- Cabs sometimes confused The Orchard Hotel with The Orchard Garden Hotel, so be sure that you know the address or intersection. That's it. Happy Travels!	
Nov 19 2009 	Excellent value hotel at an excellent location.	We stayed at the Orchard Hotel for three nights. The hotel was clean, well-maintained, and in a very safe and convenient location. We stayed in a king deluxe room. For two light travelers, the room was spacious and included all necessary amenities. We could not ask for more. The hotel is well-managed and delivers a very balanced experience to its guests.	
Nov 14 2009 	Good location - nice rooms	We stayed at the Orchard Hotel for 3 nights in August (after reading the reviews on TA). We were not disappointed. Rooms are spacious with a great bathroom. We were staying in one of the top floors and there it was very windy/draughty on the hallway outside our room. Wind blowing sounds and very cold on this hallway!Location is very convenient, central but quiet. We always ate our breakfast in the place on the corner of Bush St. and Powell St. Doormen were all very friendly and reception staff too.	
Nov 10 2009 	Amazing Service	The hotel was lovely but I had to submit a review about the amazing service that the hotel staff provided. Davis and the others staff members were incredibly helpful and friendly. Davis, the doorman, went out of his way to give us directions that were easy to follow and saved us time. The entire staff displayed an amazing geniune concern for our needs that made us feel special and added to the wonderful experience of visiting SF.The hotel room exceeded all of our expectations. Quiet, clean, and comfy.The hotel location was perfect. Close to everything but not in a noisy or touristy locale. We were able to walk to absolutely everything.	
Nov 9 2009 	Quiet and Good Location	Quiet, Comfortable Beds, &amp; Very Clean. Within walking distance to Union Square and China Town or the trolley stops right out front. The shower does not have a good valve in the wall as the water would practically burn or freeze you. AM Room Service was slow and unorganized, so we chose not to have dinner in the restaurant. Overall we would stay again.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellant Hotel in a perfect location.	The Orchard Hotel on Bush St is a perfect hotel to stay in. The staff are friendly and helpful. My room, if typical, was a good size, with a very comfortable bed and pillows, most important for me. I could walk to the heart of the city in no time at all. A special mention for the concierge, all of them, who where most helpful and friendly. I would certainly stay in this hotel next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Nov 4 2009 	Great place and perfect location - Hotel Perfeito	When I booked this hotel, I couldn’t imagine how nice it was... Our stay there was perfect.The front desk guys are friendly and nice, the room was spacious, clear and pretty comfortable.The location is just perfect… few blocks from Chinatown, Central Square and Dow Hill. There are many restaurants around, but the neighborhood is pretty quiet, and at night we even heard any noise.I would go back.Hotel muito bom, com quarto amplo, limpo e arejado, pessoal de recepção atencioso e educado. A localização é singular, muito próximo dos principais pontos turísticos de São Francisco. Se voltar para lá, certamente ficarei hospedado neste hotel.	
Oct 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel in great location	The Orchard Hotel exceeded our expectations. We had a HUGE suite with a huge bathroom. The bed was so soft and comfy. The Cable Car runs right outside the building, so its very easy to take it for a scenic ride to the waterfront. It's also very close to the buisness/shopping district, Chinatown and North Beach (Little Italy).I didn't realize it until we left, but this was the hotel Kristin stay at when she visited Steven on Laguna Beach. A little cheese bit of trivia for you!There is no parking (as it's a city) but they will valet the car for $40/24 hours, and there are several parking garages right near by, so there is plenty to choose from.	
Oct 28 2009 	Would not stay ANYWHERE else in SF again	This was our second stay at the Orchard Hotel in Bush St and it did not disappoint this time, as it did not 2 years ago.The location is fantastic, walk 5 mins downhill to Union Square, 5 mins to Chinatown, a great walk (20 mins?) to Fisherman's Wharf.The hotel is small in number of rooms, but has all the ammenities that a traveller needs. The rooms were immaculate and generous in size.The king size bed was comfortable, and the staff friendly and helpful.We stayed 3 nights at one time, travelled north up the coast and then chose to return to the Orchard for our last night in San Francisco; it's location and price was great compared to other hotels we looked at for our last minute booking.We love San Francisco, and plan on returning a lot- honestly would not even consider staying elsewhere we've been so happy with the Orchard Hotel.	
Oct 24 2009 	Comfortable Friendly Stay in Pleasant Location	A lovely boutique-type hotel 3 mins from Chinatown, Nob Hill right next to the Hyde-Powell cable car stop. Was here for 3 days on business and got upgraded to a suite (room 301). Great space and a gargantuan bathroom. Hotel staff were wonderful, pleasant greeting from door staff through to the cleaners, really top notch. They couldn't have been more helpful.The hotel is very central and on my one day off, was a great starting place to walk through Chinatown to North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf. Room itself was clean, tidy, well decorated and the bed was fantastic, if I could've sneaked it out of the room and to my house, I would have. Would definitely come back again.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great small hotel; convenient location	We stayed at The Orchard Hotel for a week in early October and loved it. This was our second visit to this hotel and both times the staff were friendly and helpful; room and bed were comfortable and the location was convenient.The restaurant was also very nice-- the meatloaf was great! Didn't have time for breakfast most days but it looked nice enough.	
Oct 20 2009 	Experience of this hotel started off badly and then deteriorated	Booked a two day stay based on TA reviews. On arrival we were told that some guests had not booked out of their rooms and there was no availability for us, and as a result they had arranged for us to stay one night at the Club Quarters and they would refund us the cost of one night's stay in compensation for the inconvenience. There was not a lot that could be done about the situation although it was fairly annoying as we had chosen the Orchard for its proximity to Union Square and Club Quarters is in the Financial District. Upon checking in to the Club Quarters we were given a tiny room with a queen bed, - apparently CQ does not have rooms with two beds or so they claim. This was certainly the smallest hotel room I have stayed in and the bathroom was similarly minute. The following day around 2.30 pm we duly turned up at the Orchard to check in, to be told that rooms were still being made up. When eventually we got a room, the wireless internet did not work. After spending half an hour talking to the wireless service provider without any solution, I then found that the issue was due to our room being too far from the wireless node for a strong enough signal to be detected by the laptop. Some time later another network was set up which worked.On checking out of the hotel, I enquired as to how the refund for the first night's stay was going to be made as I had booked through a travel web site and pre-paid. I was then told that no refund would be forthcoming as I had booked online and that was that. Needless to say I was less than amused that they had reneged on their word. We also had a maid come barging in to our room despite there being a Do Not Disturb sign hung on the doorknob. She wanted to check the minibar fridge and when I said we had not used anything she then left, grumbling away in her dialect.Putting all those issues aside, I would say that the staff are not overly friendly, the service (what little we saw of it) was average, the room, furnishings, TV and bathroom were dated. I won't be bothering them again in the future.	
Oct 17 2009 	First class service elegantly appointed and maintained excellent dining.	The Orchard Hotel is a favorite in San Francisco. I've stayed at the Park 55, the Hyatt, the ANA, and others and have found this smaller property is a jewel that can stand up to any of the major hotels. The service is first class, the rooms elegantly maintained and larger than most SF properties. The bathrooms are spacious and beautifully done in marble with contemporary fixtures, etc.I frequently travel alone on business and the dining experience provides attentive service and excellent food. The friendly wait staff alleviate any awkwardness that a woman dining alone may feel. I'd recommend this property for business or pleasure. It has the connectivity you need for business, conveniently located near Union Square and within walking distance to the financial district, and it has all the comforts for a very relaxing vacation stay.	
Oct 17 2009 	Amazing Hotel Brilliant Location Very helpful and friendly service	Husband and I stayed for one week at the end of september/beginning of October. We booked based on the reviews here and we weren't disappointed. It was our first visit to San Fran and found it quite hard to get our bearings after catching the BART, but eventually got where we needed to be. The hotel is in an excellent location, just about 2 blocks from Union Square (Go to the cheesecake factory for lunch - in our opinion, the best value meals), and literally on the corner of the cable car stop. China town is 5 minutes walk away, and so too is the Westfield shopping centre.Our room was very big and had a very large bathroom. We couldn't fault anything. It was very clean and housekeeping did an excellent job. The bed was huge (compared to our standard double back home!) and was actually the comfiest bed I've ever slept in! We stayed on a room only basis so didn't get the breakfast option, however, we ate in Roxanne's (on the corner, next to the hotel) and in the Cable Car Cafe (on Powell street, almost opposite to the entrance to Roxanne's). The cable car cafe was very good value for money - Bagels, crepes and healthier options were very good.Reception staff were always very friendly and the concierges were brilliant - we asked for restaurant recommendations a couple of times and they were spot on. (For excellent Pizzas you have to visit Uncle Vitos, opposite corner of the intersection - it doesn't look too inviting, but is the best pizza we've ever tasted).Wireless internet is free and more than adequate for our needs. There's also a laptop in reception and you can print for a modest fee (handy if you want to check-in online and print your boarding passes).If you want to travel about a bit the cable car works well but can be very busy with tourists. We found it easy enough to use our 7 day muni pass and caught the buses and F-line wherever we wanted to go.We could sit here and sing the praises of this hotel all day, but that would make this review too long and boring! In short, if you want a great hotel, in a great location, with great staff then this should be your first choice. Overall, we found San Francisco quite an expensive place (maybe because Sterling just isn't as strong as it used to be) but there are gems worth paying for and this is one of them.	
Oct 10 2009 	Soooo comfortable and well appointed	I can't remember when I stayed in a nicer place. The staff was very pleasant, and the hotel is perfectly located for my purposes. My room was soooo comfortable, I wish I could stay for a few weeks.	
Oct 8 2009	Wonderful staff	We enjoyed the hotel and the staff were wonderful. Second trip to San Fran- this time to move my daughter into 560 Powell for grad school at Academy of Art. The hotel is right next door. The staff were helpful with everything especially the Bell staff.	
Oct 7 2009 	A lovely hotel well located	I chose The Orchard Hotel based on the reviews in tripadvisor. The hotel is everything good said about it previously. The room and bed was so comfortable and the front desk personnel pleasant.	
Oct 5 2009 	An excellent experience	First time stay in SF using The Orchard, it was excellent. Large rooms (for SF centre), comfortable bed, quiet (for SF centre) and with excellent in room facilities. Tastefully furnished, well maintained, excellent housekeeping staff etc.The only two negatives are parking is expensive (but reasonable for SF) and in a nearby garage (Valet is available) and the coffee in the room was of substandard quality.Other than that, a very highly recommended hotel, and we would very happily stay there again.	
Oct 5 2009 	A Good Hotel	We were in SF to visit aging relatives but we wanted to be downtown so we could savor a little San Francisco atmosphere. The Orchard had comfortable beds, a friendly and helpful staff and telepathic service. Its in a great location. We were able to squeeze in some shopping in Chinatown and Fisherman's Wharf because they were both nearby. The only problem we had was slow dinner service at the Daffodil Restaurant but they discounted the bill to make up for the wait and the food was good. My mother and sister stayed in a very comfortable suite and my wife and I were in a double which was small but adequate. Like all top-tier SF hotels, the price was breathtaking but no more than any comparable place. All in all I would recommend the Orchard and return there myself.	
Oct 5 2009 	Can hardly imagine a better hotel in the very heart of San Francisco	This hotel was simply the best we had in our 2 week trip. Best comfortable beds in a long time, very clean and spacious room for san francisco. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Location is perfect, cable car right on the corner. Next to a lot of good restaurant. Contrary to other reviews I saw here, our hotel room was very quiet and no out-of-the-odrinary noise for a downtown bugged me or my girlfriend.Highly recommend to anyone who wish to have a great place to start exploring san Francisco	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Place - Great Value	Very friendly staff. Excellent location. Very good value for the money.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Orchard for two nights in August. Check-in was freindly and efficient. Our room was spacious (for downtown San Francisco), well appointed (although it must be time to swap the CRT TV for a flat screen!) and comfortable. The bathroom was bright and pleasant, with a large shower stall but no tub. Our room was at the back of the hotel, so no view, but nice and quiet. The location is great, just a couple of blocks from Union Square and the neighbouhood seems perfectly safe. Although its not the cheapest hotel in this area, it certainly compared very favourably with others I have stayed at in this price bracket and I will certainly consider staying there again next time we visit this fantastic city.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Anniversary!	We stayed here based on your reviews. Once agan TA users don't dissapoint. The room was better than expected. A delightful stay!	
Sep 29 2009 	Good hotel in a great location	We stayed here as part of our honeymoon, and we were not disappointed. The hotel is in a fabulous location for exploring San Fran either in foot or by tram. Union Square and the waterfront are both within walking distance, as are a great selection of shops, bars, restaurants and convenience stores.The hotel is clean and well maintained. Our room was a good size, as was the bathroom. We had plenty of room to put away all of our belongings.We ate breakfast in the hotel as it was included in our rate. It was fairly basic, but good as a pit stop before heading out for the day. The hotel bar is in the same room used for breakfast, so it doesn’t really have much ambience of an evening, but it was good for a nightcap on the way back in. To be honest, with so many great bars and restaurants on your doorstep, you probably will want to go elsewhere anyway.The hotel offers a great DVD rental service, which is good for when you’re relaxing in your room after a long day exploring what the city has to offer. The staff are very helpful and welcoming.	
Sep 27 2009 	The best and most convenient choice in San Francisco	We found this hotel by TripAdvisor. Web rate was excellent as we paid in advance for a reservation to stay three months later. Staff is very very helpful and the hotel is located downtown, five minutes walking to Union Square and Market Street and close to a tram stop, very convenient. We would recommend to take breakfast in any restaurant by Powell Street better than in the hotel, although service is good as well. Rooms at the upper floors have good views of downtown buildings. Don't make your opinion for your first impression of the reception desk, rooms are large and very well-equipped. Very good choice in San Francisco.	
Sep 27 2009 	Disappointed with cleaning	The hotel is centrally located just a few blocks uphill from Union square, and with the cable car passing by just outside. Much because of this, parking is $40/night + tax per night, but there is a $25 alternative a few blocks down Bush St. The people in the reception/door were very friendly and accommodating. Overall we enjoyed our stay with Orchard, although it was a somewhat mixed pleasure. We had a 10th floor room which was a good size and pleasantly quiet for a busy city. However the room was not cleaned to the standard that we had expected. The fridge in the mini bar was filthy (apparently a separate company is responsible for this), the carpet was not hoovered, the wine glasses in the room were simply rinsed and put back, and the coffee was not replaced. When we notified the reception about this, they went to great efforts to correct it.We used the laundry service, who tumble dried a delicate top which ruined it.	
Sep 26 2009 	Would stay here again in a heart beat!	We were so pleased that we chose to stay at The Orchard Hotel. I accompanied my husband while he attended a meeting at the Marsconi Center. He was able to walk there daily and I was able to get around S.F. easily from the hotel's location. The bed was wonderful, the room quiet, the room clean, breakfast in the hotel reasonably priced and good. We felt fortunate that we had chosen the place in spite of being unfamiliar with it.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Hotel - Friendly Staff	We spent 6 nights at The Orchard as part of our honeymoon. I contacted the hotel beforehand to arrange for flowers and champagne to be in the room on arrival as a surprise for my wife and the concierge sorted it all out ready for us arriving. On checking in the hotel gave us a voucher for a discount to eat in their restaurant and there were chocolates and a bottle of wine from the hotel to accompany the flowers and champagne which was a nice gesture. We had a room on the top floor (10th) though there's no great view even from here. The room itself was fine, plenty of space, clean and with everything we needed. A well stocked mini bar which was even reasonably priced, there was a dvd player in the room and a selection of films to borrow from reception if you wanted to relax in the room. The bathroom was large, modern and a good range of toiletries provided. The only negative thing we found was that if taking a shower in the morning we had to leave it running for several minutes to get hot water though it was fine at other times of the day and we got hot water straight away at the sink.Reception, the concierge and housekeeping were all very friendly and helpful whenever we needed anything or when we just passed them going in and out. The hotel deliver a newspaper to every room each morning free of charge which proved to be helpful as we used that to see what events were going on in the city each day and found a couple of things to do that way that we otherwise probably wouldn't have known about. The location is great, just a couple of blocks walk down to Union Square , the cable car runs right past the hotel and it's not far to catch buses to anywhere else you might wat to go in the city. If you don't like hills though or you've over indulged at the Cheesecake Factory in Macy's the last block when walking up to the hotel from Union Square is short but very steep. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely go back to The Orchard if we ever make it back to San Francisco.	
Sep 23 2009	An excellent hotel providing a friendly high standard of service with a great location.	This hotel was great to stay in, the staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the standard of service provided was exceptionally good. Overall the hotel provided good value for money along with a great location. Highly reccomended.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We had a wonderful stay. Our room was a king suite on the 9th floor overlooking Bush Street, with great views. It was a very spacious suite with nice furnishings and a comfortable bed. There was very little street noise or noise from other rooms, which was a pleasant surprise considering we were in a busy part of town. The hotel staff was very accommodating and pleasant. The location is perfect - 2 blocks to Union Square, the Powell cable car right on the corner, and walking distance to many fine restaurants. We will definitely stay here again when we return.	
Sep 22 2009 	great hotel in great location in San francisco	I travelled from Ireland to San Francisco with my wife. We booked our first three nights accomodation in the Orchard hotel. Location is fantastic just up from Union Square and right on the cable car line. The hotel is boutique in style and has a friendly feel to it. Rooms are spacious and well equipped with free wireless broadband in every room.While the hotel offers breakfast we found that Roxannes just next door provided a much better offering with a great athmosphere.The orchard was so good that we stayed there again at the end of our trip to california.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great Experience	The Orchard is a great find in San Francisco. The rooms are comfortable and clean. The staff are all superb. The beds are the most comfortable we have found over many years of travel. The location is very central and safe at night. We highly recommend the Orchard.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice hotel in middle of downtown S.F.	Terrific service from front desk folks-they go above and beyond to make you happy. I am a light sleeper. Front of hotel you can hear the cable cars and back of hotel has early morning trash collection noise, but of course this is beyond the hotel's control. Otherwise it is fantastic eco-friendly, trendy, new hotel with beautiful clean large rooms and large bathrooms. You can easily walk to Union square and world-class shopping from hotel. Also not far to walk to Fisherman's wharf or the Ferry building if you don't mind walking hills. Otherwise take the street car. Comfy bed, free wireless. I was able to get an incredible special on the price, but even at full price, cost is extremely reasonable for downtown S.F. I am very picky about hotels and would definitely stay here again next time.	
Sep 17 2009	Great location big rooms particularly for San Francisco very clean and comfortable.	Four of us stayed for 4 nights, the location is great, close to Union sq, China town and the Powell St cable car (although everyone that went by was full so try walking down the hill a stop or two). The rooms are a good size, very comfortable bed with good quality linens. the staff are friendly the car valet was efficient, i cannot comment on the breakfast as we did not take that option. My daughter is working in San Francisco and we will definitely be happy to stay here on a future visit.	
Sep 15 2009 	Central location and good size rooms	The hotel is in a very central location in the financial/shopping/china town area as opposed to the beach area. In my view this is the better area as it is an area with more locals and non touristy restaurants. The hotel rooms and bathrooms are large and are tastefully decorated but not in a modern style way. The hotel staff are really friendly and helpful and there is 1 computer at reception you can use for internet, emails and to print boarding passes. There are loads of restaurants nearby - Scala at the Francis Drake hotel for a posh meal and Louis Dinner for breakfast which is on Powell Street just one block down. There is a nice coffee shop at the corner of Powell and California (Illy coffee) if you fancy a light breakfast. We got the BART to Powell Street and walked from there (less than 10 mins) Montogomery Bart is not quite as near but the area is a slightly nicer one to come out into.There is a steep walk whichever option you choose! Overall a good hotel for a central siteseeing location in a brilliant city.	
Sep 15 2009 	Perfect location and friendly staff	If you want to enjoy the best parts of San Francisco, there is no better home base than the Orchard Hotel. It's within walking distance of Chinatown and Union Square. The Powell cable car stops within 50 feet of the entrance, and takes you down to Fisherman's Wharf. The staff is very friendly, my room (King suite) was HUGE, clean, and quiet. The hotel is pricey, but well worth it. I will never stay anywhere else in San Francisco.	
Sep 13 2009 	Can't wait to come back	My husband and I just spent 6 glorious days in San Francisco and one of the reasons for such a wonderful time is the Orchard Hotel. We picked the Orchard Hotel based on the reviews that we read and this is one time when everyone got it right. From the moment that we checked in we knew we had made a great choice in the Orchard. The location was wonderful. The cable car stopped on the corner and Union Square was 3 blocks behind the hotel down the hill. You couldn't beat the location. The room was clean and spacious and had everything that we needed for a comfortable stay. There were robes hanging in the closet, a safe, good quality toiletries, nice soft towels and a very comfortable bed waiting on us. The refrigerator was stocked but if you used anything there was a charge. We just walked down the street to a liquor store and stocked up on soda, water, etc and put our stuff in the refrigerator.Each time that my husband and I went out or came back in we were greeted by the staff by our name which was nice. The staff made it a point to always ask if we were okay, if we needed anything or if we needed directions, suggestions for eating, tours, etc. The hotel has a restuarant, The Daffodil. I can't rate the restaurant since we didn't eat there but it was beautiful on the inside and there were always people eating there for breakfast, lunch and dinner.The price for this hotel was very competitive and we received a first timer's discount.I know that everyone has different experiences but I could never rate this hotel the way I did if I didn't have such a good experience here. I highly recommend The Orchard Hotel to anyone who is going to San Francisco! I started planning our next trip back to SF before we even left with the Orchard Hotel at the top of the list for our accomodations!	
Sep 9 2009 	Great and Comfortable Stay!	I previously stayed at the Orchard Hotel six years ago and was very pleased with my stay then, so I was hoping that the Orchard was able to maintain this level of excellence after all this time when I made my booking for my recent trip to San Francisco. I wasn't disappointed. The room rates were very reasonable (we opted against the breakfast because San Francisco is packed with wonderful places to eat), the rooms were clean, plush, spacious, and comfortable, and the location was perfect.Although we spent most of our stay in San Francisco away from our room, we were happy to return to our room every night for a restful sleep and wake up to receive the paper outside of our room door. The bathroom was equipped with all of the amenities, plenty of counter top space, and lots of space to move around and get ready in the morning. We also enjoyed watching DVDs at night before we turned in for the night.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They provided us directions to several places we were interested in eating at, gave us coupons to use while shopping around Union Square, and scheduled a car service for us on the morning of our departure.I highly recommend staying here and will be sure to reserve a room the next time I am in San Francisco! Thank you Orchard Hotel for a wonderful stay!	
Sep 2 2009 	Great location comfortable hotel	We were well looked after for 3 nights here and got a really great deal. Room was comfortable with large bed, coffee maker, good TV and pleasant, clean bathroom. Not masses of character here but a great location just off Union Square (albeit with a pretty big hill to get up - but where isn't there in SF?!)Internet access was free and useful and a copy of the Chronicle appeared every morning.A good stay.	
Aug 25 2009 	Four star accomodation at very reasonable rates	Though the lobby of this hotel is nothing to write home about, the room we were given was very tastefully appointed with a super comfortable bed and nice linens. The bathroom was also more than adequate. The location is great, within easy walking distance of Union Square. If you are looking for a comfortable, clean, upscale but not posh place, look no further.	
Aug 17 2009 	Would stay here again	It's GREEN ! energy-efficient building, Cleansers, bathroom products, food selectionsEasy access to the places we wanted to see during our first 3 day stay in SF. Staff WONDERFUL, Room GREAT,... I accidentally found out about it on Trip Advisor - had previously thought of 4 other places - was SO SO glad I stayed here.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great Hotel with a great location!	A small upscale hotel with a great location near downtown San Francisco. The service provided by ALL staff was friendly and excellent. The everything in my room were first rate and in excellent working condition.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great Location and clean rooms	Great Location. Easy access to everywhere. We only spent 3 days in SF and the location makes it easy to see the city. I requested for a high floor and was given a room on the top floor. Clean and spacious rooms. I would definitely stay here again on my next visit.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great room hotel location staff	Very much enjoyed the hotel and room. Great location close to shops, cable car stop, Chinatown. Nice area to walk in.	
Aug 13 2009 	Great experience all the way around	What a great find. Nice value, young woman during reservation did all she could to help me get a great deal as well as ask what we were doing while we were in SF. Perfect location, nice deal on breakfast, everything fresh. The staff were so friendly. Nice rooms. Loved it all.The fitness center was not really a fitness center with 3 machines and no weights but oh well	
Aug 13 2009 	Excellent hotel for great value	This place was near perfect and much cheaper than the other hotels in the area. Rooms were big and clean and the beds were super comfy. My favorite was the little touches like free internet and a computer down in the lobby to print out your boarding pass. Staff at the front desk were very nice and helpful. All in all a great experience and I would stay there again if in the area!	
Aug 13 2009 	Close to Union Square very clean free DVD rental	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights. It was a very comfortable stay. The room was huge and modern. The bathroom was very clean and new. The cleaning service was provided twice a day. The bed was very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and nice, not too tiresom. There was no big lobby. it was possible to borrow dvds for free from the reception and watch them in the room with good sound system. Free high speed internet (not so fast). I guess the only negative side was that it was not possible to open windows in the room. The air condition was silent and good though.	
Aug 10 2009 	Can't wait to go back.	We had a wonderful 6 day stay at the Orchard Hotel in July. It is perfectly located, with easy access to all the public transportation, great restaurants nearby, easy walking distance to galleries. museums (Modern Art and Asian), Chinatown and stores. The hotel itself is great with a pleasant and extremely helpful staff, rooms that are quiet and relaxing with beds that are fantastic after a long day taking in the City.	
Aug 8 2009 	Exceptional Service	My husband and I were traveling to San Francisco and staying at the Orchard Hotel to accompany my son and his wife. My son was scheduled for brain surgery again at UCSF. He postponed the surgery and although I had booked our rooms on the Orchard Hotel's website at a very special price, I called them to cancel our rooms. My son was still going to UCSF for a consultation, but we would not accompany him for that. The Manager, Jane, at the hotel, gave my husband and me a gift certificate in the amount that we had paid (9 days) for future use. She kept my son's reservations, but shortened it to 4 days and gave him the leftover funds to use at the hotel.....a credit of over $400 to use towards the restaurant, spa, etc. That, in my estimation, is the best possible service ever. We expect to use our gift certificate in the future and she was totally compassionate and understanding of the situation. The Orchard Hotel has made a fan of me!! I was pleasantly surprised at the attitude and caring of this hote's staff !! They have made a difficult situation so much easier for us!!	
Aug 7 2009 	Excellent Location Value and Comfort in Downtown San Francisco	My husband and I stayed here for a week in mid-June 2009 and we loved it. The price was extremely reasonable for the location. Our room was larger than most downtown city hotel rooms I've stayed in. The room was clean, comfortable and the bathroom was especially roomy. The complimentary in-room internet access was appreciated, as many city hotels like to charge extra for this convenience. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We never ate in the hotel restaurant because there were so many great options within a block or two of the hotel that were less expensive. We were on-the-go most of the time so we went to the Cable Car Cafe or Lori's Diner for a quick breakfast most mornings and then hopped on the cable car or Muni to explore the rest of the city. The hotel is centrally located and convenient to everything you could possibly want to do in San Francisco via walking or public transportation. With the streetcar located literally 10 seconds away from the hotel entrance you have easy access to the city. I would definitely stay here again. TIP: buy a Muni Passport for unlimited rides on public transportation and save A LOT of money on getting around the city. This includes unlimited rides on the cable cars (which cost $5 one-way otherwise) as well as unlimited rides on the Muni system. http://www.sfmta.com/cms/mfares/passports.htm	
Aug 4 2009 	Luxurious Boutique Hotel	Stayed at the Ochard for our honeymoon. Great location. You can walk to just about anywhere or take the Cable Car which stops right at the corner. Like most boutique hotels the rooms are small but charming. It has a great resturant and lougne.The staff was very helpful. We would love to re-visit and stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Great hotel great value wonderful service!	My wife and I had a very good experince staying at The Orchard. Probably the most impressive thing was the staff. While checking in, which went smoothly, I left my money clip laying on the counter and realised that I'd left it while on the way to our room. By the time we had got back to the desk, the doorman was already on his way to our room with the money clip. The staff's resturant recamendations were also helpful as was the shuttle service back to the airport. Overall a great experience with nice rooms and service!	
Aug 1 2009 	The Orchard Hotel was clean nice and conveniently located to all tourist areas.	A perfect place to stay in San Francisco. My only complaint would be their business center, or lack of, and very slow internet.	
Jul 31 2009 	Fabulous hotel and a great value	I can't wait to stay here again. The hotel is nestled in a great location, in walking distance to many things such as Union Square and China Town. The staff was friendly, the rooms clean and spacious, and you can't beat the price.	
Jul 27 2009 	Exceeded expectations	I booked at the Orchard after reading the reviews here and was not dissapointed, and the spring into summer rate was a great value compared with other hotels in the area. The king room was quite spacious with an extremely comfortable bed and I especially loved the fluffy towels and bath robes. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The location is perfect and the cable car practically stops at the door although sometimes they're full when they get there, but a quick walk down to Market Street and you can pick up a cable car at the turnaround or hop on the F-Line to get to Fishermans Wharf.If you bring a car the valet parking is quite expensive and there are cheaper garages in the area if you self park.	
Jul 25 2009 	Ok for a night	This hotel was just fine for a night if you have business in the financial district. It isn't exciting, but it offers everything the business traveler needs in a prime downtown location and not all that far from some good restaurants. This would not be my first choice as a tourist, but for business it was very convenient.	
Jul 24 2009 	Workers really are happy to be there.	When you enter the lobby to the Orchard, you will see trophies honoring the hotel for 'Being one of the best places to work in S.F.&quot; It must be true, because the staff, without fail, were happy to help, cooperate, and work through any problems, needs, etc. They acted as if one really did enjoy his or her job. The rooms are spotless. We were upgraded to a luxurious suite with all the amenities... even two TVs. Warning: The robe is so luxurious that your wife will want to buy it ($130 Us). The only drawback to the Orchard was the walk uphill from the BART. Going back, of course, is a breeze, but something to consider if you are not an intrepid traveler and in good shape. Lots of restaurants nearby, including China Town. Ask at the front desk for their favorites, but we found exceptional dining at the Boulevard and Oriental Pearl. Sears is a popular breakfast spot, but the food is common, and the service poor because of the crowds. Skip the trolley car ride and take the mural walk on 14th and Mission.	
Jul 23 2009 	Fantastic - spacious clean and friendly hotel	Our main objective for our hotel in San Francisco was for it to be centrally located for easy access to Union Square and the main sites. As we intended to spend most of our 3 days in SF out exploring we didn't want to spend a fortune on a hotel, but (especially as it was our honeymoon) we did want somewhere nice. The Orchard Hotel met this and so much more. The hotel lobby was a bit smaller than I had expected, but the front desk were very friendly and we were checked in quickly. Our (standard) room was very spacious and the bathroom brand new and huge for a city hotel room. We were on the 8th (9th?) floor, so were well above any traffic and didn't hear a thing from outside. They had matched an expedia offer I had seen for $135pn, which I thought was a bargain for this room. We dined in the restaurant one evening and not only was the food delicious, but that evening they had wine at 50% off so cue the $100 2005 Swanson!When we checked out we had to get back to the airport to pick up our hire car and the hotel quickly grabbed their chaffeur to drive us there in style, at a similar price to a cab ($40).A fantastic hotel for business or leisure, and at a great price!	
Jul 23 2009 	Efficient comfort	I stayed at the Orchard while attending a trade fair at the Moscone Center, which was just a ten minute walk away. The hotel was a model of efficiency, with one of the crispest check-ins and check-outs I have ever experienced. The room was spacious, and the bathroom big enough to swing a cat - and all immaculately clean, with nice linens. I had asked for a high floor in my reservation request, and was assigned the top. Overall a first class experience.	
Jul 19 2009 	Absolutely fantastic - don't stay anywhere else	We stayed three nights in a beautiful suite at the Orchard Hotel, and could not have been more pleased. The room was beautiful, with a huge bathroom. The hotel was very central, but quiet, and very reasonably priced. Best of all, they don't nickel and dime for the small stuff. Internet is free of charge. I made a xerox and sent a fax, and they didn't charge. There is a whole list of movies available for FREE at the front desk, to play on the DVD player in your room - a big hit with the kids. Best of all: the staff were terrific ... helpful, courteous, efficient, speedy, with good advice. This was true of EVERYBODY, including Bell desk, Front desk, maintenance and housekeeping. We'll be back! Highly recommended.	
Jul 19 2009 	Hotel trifecta! Excellent hotel great location AND incredible value!	We arrived a little early, yet our room was ready for us - not only did it match what I saw on the hotel's website, but it exceeded my overall expectations, in terms of size, comfort, cleanliness and style. All staff we encountered were very friendly and professional. We didn't require transportation arrangements or other concierge service, but the desk staff was prepared to assist with anything we needed - we were able to check our bags in the bell room after check out while we enjoyed a few more sights before leaving for the airport. The location can't be beat - Union Square, Chinatown and public transit are within very easy walking distance. There was nothing like coming back to a great room after a long day of sightseeing!	
Jul 19 2009 	Just ideal for exploring San Francisco	We stayed 4 nights here while exploring the city and were very pleased with our stay. The hotel is ideally located up the road from Union Sq and a few steps from a trolley car stop. It is an old building but full of charm and thick sound proof walls! The king bed was so comfortable and the bathroom huge. The price at €80 per night was really great value and we didn't mind the fact that breakfast wasn't included. Lori's diner just down the hill had a great breakfast in its 50's style diner.... full of atmosphere. The hotel does offer car parking at 46 dollars per day but as we were not picking up our hired car until the third day for our next stage of our holiday to Yosemite we had time to discover cheaper parking . It was just down the road from the hotel, Stockton Garage on Sutter Street. Though not on the same street as the hotel the entrance for parking is on the same street....... just drive past the hotel entrance and you can enter the garage on your right hand side a few hundred yards away. They charged 26 dollars for a 24 hr stay and only 15 dollars if you parked between 5pm and 8am the next morning! Other city garages also seemed to be charging 45 dollars per day too. This makes staying in the Orchard even better value.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice Hotel - Excellent Location	I booked The Orchard Hotel on their website, pre-paying and saved a TON of money for this great hotel steps from Chinatown and Union Square. The rooms are very spacious and nicely appointed. The bathrooms are huge! The only inconvienice is the fact that the free internet access is imited to one computer per room. We will definately stay here on our next trip to San Francisco!	
Jul 16 2009 	What a pleasant surprise!	I was embarking on my premier journey to San Francisco so wasn't sure what to look for. The Orchard was the best value for what seemed to be a good location and tolerable amenities. Upon arrival we were pleasantly surprised. The location was absolutely prime- a few blocks from Chintatown, a few blocks from the downtown shopping, and cable cars all around. Perfect for travelers going w/o a rental car like we were. The staff was friendly and prompt, they even supply each room with a DVD player a the front desk has an library to choose from. The room even came with robes and amenities (that smell AWESOME). The only complaint would be no mini fridge in the room and no continental breakfast, but for the value of the room cast, it's worth walking the 2 blacks to Starbucks for breakfast instead.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very comfortable hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and had a preferential rate. It was very comfortable and pleasant and it had small thoughtful touches I haven't seen in a lot of other hotels like for example DVD rentals for free. It's also right next to Union Square.	
Jul 15 2009 	Lovely boutique hotel great location very comfortable rooms.	The Orchard Hotel is a great place to stay, just 2-3 blocks from the action in Union Square. The perfect comfortable hotel, good staff. Excellent cocktails in the lovely bar/restaurant by DJ	
Jul 15 2009 	Nice Hotel close to Union Square	This is a nice smaler hotel just up from Union Square and a couple of blocks to Chinatown. Nothing fancy just a very nice room, great staff, and convenient to such a nice end of the town. Definitely will stay there again. Also, the price was right for the accomodations.	
Jul 15 2009 	A Wonderful Visit	My wife rated the Orchard as one of the best hotels she has ever stayed at. Bed was very comfortable. Room was quiet even though it faced the road. Never had to wait for an elevator. Great location-very close to Union Square without the crowds of Union Square. Try Uncle Vitos Italian at the corner !. Friendly staff. A very welcome alternative to chain hotels. Well run and comfortable. Do yourself a favor and stay at THE ORCHARD HOTEL.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fantastic fantastic fantastic!	The Orchard Hotel was the best experience I had during my recent 4 week stay in the U.S. in numerous cities. Conveniently located, super helpful &amp; friendly staff, beautiful room &amp; the MOST comfortable bed for which I was very grateful after a long haul flight prior to my arrival in San Fran. Highly recommended to all travelers for a fantastic stay in this fabulous city.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Hotel	Great Location, Great Price, Great Service.The beds/linens were especially plush comfortableA+	
Jul 14 2009 	Top place to stay	I stayed at the Orchard hotel with my wife and I can recommend it to anyone both for the size and style of the rooms and also the location close to the shopping on union square right next to the hotel is a stop for street car	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel	This is a brilliant hotel - great value for money.Stayed here on my recent trip to SF for five nights. It is in a brilliant location for exploring the city - really central and right in the middle of the main shopping district.Our room was spacious, incredibly clean and really luxurious. The staff were friendly, efficient and helpful.I can't fault the place - I will DEFINITELY be staying here on my next trip to SF.	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Value and Location	Large room, comfortable bed, large bathroom, clean, friendly and helpful staff. Will return here next trip.	
Jul 14 2009 	Best Value	We were pleasantly surprised at this boutique hotel. Friendly and helpful staff, and the location was close to everything, downtown, Chinatown, cable car to Fisherman's Wharf is at doorstep.	
Jul 14 2009 	Stay just for the bed!	Wonderful bed! Perfect location, could walk everywhere. Staff were freindly and helpful. Great value fo the price!	
Jul 14 2009 	Lovely Gem	We stayed at the Orchard Hotel for the beginning of our trip to celebrate our 25th Anniversary. It was a perfect way to begin. From the street, you have no idea that such a lovely hotel is behind the doors! When we checked in, to our surprise and delight, we were told we were upgraded to a suite. A gift awaited us to help us celebrate our anniversary. The room was lovely and, most importantly, comfortable! The bath was clean and roomy. Although we were on the front of the hotel, road noise was never an issue! We had a great view.We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast - try the scones - every day is different but NONE disappoint! We ordered a nice side of ham to accompany the meal and one was plenty for 2. The fruit was delicious - so fresh. It was a great way to start the day. We found the staff to be so friendly and accommodating. It was hard to leave for Napa! We had lovely stay and will definitely be back!	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location classic hotel	We just spent five nights at the Orchard. It's well away from the panhandlers and sex shows of Market Street but two blocks from Chinatown. Ferry terminal and Fishermans' wharf are walkable and buses are closeby. The staff was always responsive, houskeeping was great. Got a good deal from the Southwest Air site at less than $100/night. All in all a great place for families or couples.	
Jul 11 2009 	Terrible service	Well we spent two nights at this hotel, when we came the first night we where told that there where no king beds available. We made our reservation through expedia and it said king bed. That much said, we where on our honey moon and felt kinda wierd sleeping in two different beds. but ok for one night.. cause the receptions said that the next day we where going to get a king bed.. do you think we got one.. no! the next day, we where told that there where still no king beds available.. but that if we wanted we could move to a different hotel. that could offer us such a bed. that was just a hassel so we figured we could do one more night.. i asked for some kind of compensation, maybe breakfast.. all we got was a lousy coupon for a bagel and coffie, i had a glas of milk, and had to pay 3 dollars extra.. oh my god! i told the receptionist that we thought this was outrages. Then he said what i thought was the best! well we could expect what we ordred through expedia, cause they where a 3. partner... wow! enough said!	
Jul 10 2009 	Awesome	Though I only stayed here a night, this place was great! I've been traveling a lot this last month, and out of the many hotels I've stayed in, this one sticks out as the best. Easily. The hotel is beautiful and really clean. There's a really cool wall fountain when you walk in. The location is great. Close enough that it's a short walk to China Town and Union Square, and far enough away that you don't have the feeling your falling asleep in the subway because it's so loud, bright and in the middle of everything. The staff was awesome. You could tell they were happy, which always rubs off on me when an employee is legitimately happy working where they are, and not faking it. They greeting us coming and going every time, we were offered a taxi, asked how our stay was, and always with a smile. The rooms were great, the bathroom was HUGE! My hubby walked in and said &quot;Wow hon, the bathroom's a cave!&quot;Anyways, I loved this place and say you should go! It's a little bit of a walk from bart, but if you came to SFO, you knew you were going to walk anyways.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Location Great Value	I chose the hotel based on the trip advisor web site and booked directly with the hotal and received a very good rate. The location of the hotel is excellent with easy access to all public transport especially the cable cars. A short distance from Union square and the major shopping areas. The room was very comfortable and spacious, the front desk were incredibly friendly and efficient and the room was serviced very eficiently and to a very high standard.I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and relatives but I would advise them to get a room at a higher level and as far away from Powell Street as possible as the noise levels from the cable cars can be a bit of a problem.	
Jul 4 2009 	Central business friendly great service and excellent value	I last stayed at the Orchard 5 years ago and it was a blink of an eye to be back. The hotel is perched on a hilly location at the junction of Bush and Powell streets making it easily accessible from conference venues but just an arms length from the madding crowd. Surrounded by good shopping, a variety of restaurants and next to nice views of the city (take a walk to the Mark Hopkins and Fairmont), this hotel has an great location. Although they don't advertise this - the location makes it great for taking public transport around the city and further afield. You can start by hopping on the Powell Street cable car that passes just next to the hotel.The service was friendly and very professional. I left a file behind and unlike prior experiences of this sort, the staff too the trouble to search and managed to retrieve it. Internet and continental breakfast were included in the room charge - usually extras in other hotels of this class. I've stayed at the Hyatt Regency and some botique hotels like the Alexander before but the Orchard is my favorite.	
Jul 3 2009	Fabulous location great hotel.	My daughter and I recently spent four lovely days at The Orchard Hotel. We arrived late and were upgraded to a lovely suite without asking. Wasn't that a nice suprise! This was strictly a sight seeing trip and my 21 year old daughter's first visit to San Francisco. The location of The Orchard was perfect as it was very close to all the great public transportation that San Francisco offers--cable cars, trains, buses and the BART. We used them all moving around the city with comparative ease after the first day of getting oriented. Everyone at the hotel was great about directions and suggestions for good meals. I highly suggest Cafe Claude just a couple of blocks from the hotel. We enjoyed the jazz there on Saturday night. Everything about our room was just right--excellent bed, good shower and fairly quiet. We will definitely stay there if and when we return.	
Jul 2 2009 	Nice little hotel in a great location.	Stayed four nights in room 607. A large room with a street view with two windows. Very comfortable king bed with a large bathroom which had a granite counter top and large, glass enclosed shower. Fantastic location just steps a way from a Powell Street Cable Car stop. Roxanne's Cafe, literally just outside the front door, was a nice place for breakfast as was Lori's Diner and Sears, both just a block to a block and a half away, with Sears being the best. Uncle Vito's Pizza, diagonally across the street on the corner, may have served the best pizza I ever had. Front desk very accommodating and helpful.	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Hotel in a Great City	We checked into the Orchard on the 19th June for 4 nights after a very long journey from Australia. The reception staff were super friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 10th floor facing the street and was very spacious and well decorated. I have seen some of the posts complaining about the beds but it was fine. There is a coffee maker and coffee in the room which was much appreciated. The only downsides were that the shower would often turn cold and housekeeping staff were forever (it seemed) knocking on the door wanting to check the minibar, turn down the bed etc etc. Besides that it was an excellent stay and would recommend the hotel to friends.	
Jun 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel terrible bed :-((	I stayed at the Orchard for 8 nights. When I booked this hotel I was very excited, because of its Trip Advisor ranking. I prepaid 100% and got a great rate (directly at the hotel website). Once I got there everything seemed perfect. Fast check in, all my special requests taken care of (high floor, room at the facade), big room, king size bed, lots of pillows, beautiful bathroom, soft towels, spotless bed sheets, TV with more than 50 channels, even a CD with music to smoothly fall asleep. BUT I did not enjoy sleeping there, because the bed matress was so soft, that made me wake up 2-3 times every night in pain. It was a torture. I am not a nagging person and I was really surprised, because I can't remember having ever complained about beds in hotels. I was surprised to learn that the matresses were all replaced last year. Other than that... Breakfast: you can choose between menu and buffet. There is also an express breakfast ($6 for a coffee and a muffin / pastry). The buffet ($14) offers a rather poor selection, only cold stuff and no ham or cheese except for Philadelphia. Breakfast room music was beautiful, however some mornings it was &quot;covered&quot; by TV over the bar, turned on by the staff. Free internet was greatly appreciated, although the wireless did not work. Room service was fast, food was OK and reasonably priced.Location is very convenient, but if you walk, it is a bit steep (can't imagine climbing up Powell street carrying luggage). Check out took 10 minutes, and luggage was properly stored for late departure. Mariliza at the reception desk is a sweetheart, great asset to the hotel!!I would think twice to return, because of the beds. I am really sorry for that, because otherwise, I really loved the hotel and the staff was polite and helpful. I would recommend it, for anyone not minding the soft bed.I would	
Jun 28 2009 	Great value in a city hotel	Based on all of the good TripAdvisor reviews, I booked three nights at The Orchard Hotel as part of a &quot;girls' trip&quot; to California with my sister. The good reviews are absolutely deserved. We had a clean, comfortable, attractive, and decent-sized room that also was a great value for a big city hotel. And, we thoroughly enjoyed the location, near Union Square, Chinatown, and Nob Hill--and right around the corner from a cable car stop.	
Jun 28 2009 	Good business hotel	We stayed here when in SF to see the Frida Kahlo exhibit at SF MOMA. The rooms were clean and large, but ours had no hint of a view. The valet took a long time to retrieve our car. In fact, the doorman finally went to go get it himself after about 30 minutes of waiting. Breakfast was disappointing. Location is good, not far from Union Square, but not as convenient as some. The hotel was rather expensive at the time we stayed compared to the competition, but we booked here based on favorable Tripadvisor ratings. I would stay here again, but this hotel is much better suited for the businessman than the tourist. An average stay.	
Jun 25 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel in the heart of San Francisco.	Immaculate rooms, very inviting lobby with friendly doorman, desk staff, etc.Our room was quite large compared to other older hotels in downtown San Francisco.We loved the fact that the hotel is right on the cable car line and within walking distance to a Walgreens, lots of stores and restaurants. This hotel has FREE WiFi internet, which is quite unusual in downtown San Francisco. We could print anything we needed from the computer at the front desk without charge. The beds were to die for comfortable.The room was very reasonable (we bought it on the Expedia website.)The only downside for those of you with cars (we used all public transportation) is the $40 per night parking fee.We would definitely recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Jun 24 2009 	Consistent reliable comfortable	We've stayed at the Orchard Hotel on numerous occasions, the most recent being June of 2009. The hotel is well located--near the cable car line and Union Square shopping and restaurants. It's an easy walk to Chinatown. The staff is consistently responsive and efficient. The beds are always comfortable, the rooms immaculate and very nicely appointed. We love the free use of the DVD library and the free internet access. The rooms and bathrooms are large -- quite unusual for a hotel in this price range in San Francisco. When we drive, we park in the public lot about a block away--much less expensive than the hotel parking fee. We have stayed in this hotel about 6 times. Each time has been a good experience. We've recommended it to family and friends on many occasions. We'll be back!	
Jun 24 2009 	Very good stay	Very convenient, well located in the city center, efficient and friendly staff. Rooms are large and very clean. Nice to be able to borrow DVDs at the front desk.	
Jun 24 2009 	A hotel with class	it's difficult to choose a hotel when you're thousands of miles away but this one lived up to expectations. Run by a front desk which radiates both efficiency and charm, the hotel is a very nice place to stay. Any local queries were dealt with helpfully, eg returning our hire car - the best route? - and we were greeted EVERY time we entered the lobby. The Orchard is also ideally situated to get to all the must see attractions but it is not as noisy as some of the Unino Square properties.Finally I must say that the cleaning staff deserve a mention. Our room was always immaculate whatever time we returned and towels and toiletries were renewed.	
Jun 24 2009 	Good Stay	Stayed here for a night. Location was great! Hotel was good. Staff was very friendly. Breakfast that came with the package was disappointing.	
Jun 22 2009 	Clean excellent hospitality great location!	My husband and I recently spent one night at the Orchard Hotel and had a great experience. Prior to our visit, one of the staff members responded to my email inquiry regarding a nearby car rental location, and sure enough, Hertz was an easy walk (downhill) from the hotel. The staff were extremely courteous, the room and bathroom were spacious and clean, and there was a large collection of DVDs to borrow (free) at the front desk. We especially liked the location of the hotel -- a $40 cab ride from SFO, right at a cable car stop, and close to restaurants and shopping without being too close.	
Jun 21 2009 	Best stay yet in this City	I have been to the city a few times now. Spending a night here and there. Stayed Friday night before flight at the Orchard Hotel on Bush. Very nice staff very friendily. Even the cleaning staff greeted you. While at breakfast Cornell the valet brought our car down and loaded it for us. The bed and bedding were wonderful. Great location just two blocks off Union Square. I will definitely return.	
Jun 20 2009 	First Class Hotel Location Rooms and Staff	We had selected the Orchard based on the majority of positive reviews and we were not disappointed and cannot find one word of fault in relation to the hotel, the location, the rooms, service or the staff. In terms of value for money this hotel delivered on the price that was paid.We were celebrating our 30th Wedding anniversary in a trip across the USA and were very fortunate to have been upgraded to a suite and what can I say but WOW the room was fantastic, exceptionally clean and one of the most comfortable beds we have ever slept in during many hotel stays. The bathroom was as big as the room we stayed in Manhattan. We stayed bed and breakfast and would say that the breakfast offered was fair for the price we paid and saved the trouble of having to find somewhere else, service was good.From arrival to departure the staff were attentive and any request was not too much trouble. A warm welcome from Quinn on reception who was very efficient, and informative and Bob and David the concierges both of whom were very helpful and any request was not too much trouble. First impressions are important and we were very impressed. The use of the laptop at reception to check flight details and print boarding cards was extremely valuable.Room cleaning was to a high standard as was the general room cleanliness and decor.The location next to the cable car stop meant that to get to most of the tourist spots was easily achieved, the hotel is also a very short walk downhill to the main shopping area. We did not suffer any noise despite being at the front corner of the hotel at the junction of the roads and the cable car stop.Ignore the negative reviews you will never please some people.We would recommend the hotel to any of our friends and relatives. We will return and will not look for anywhere else to stay, why should we?	
Jun 19 2009 	Very nice well situated hotel.	We started our honeymoon at the Orchard Hotel after researching on this site. It lived up to our expectations and the staff were very friendly and helpful and the location is great for just about everything you would want to see in San Francisco. We had requested a room on a high floor as advised to cut down on noise and the hotel accommodated. They did know it was the first day of our honeymoon and a cheap bottle of something or a bowl of fruit in the room would have been nice but maybe I am expecting too much. The bedroom and bathroom were very clean, and the bed very comfortable but the decor is a bit dated and did not have a wow factor. They do have a laptop in reception which is free to use and was very handy to check mails etc on the way out. We would certainly stay again if we visit San Francisco again.	
Jun 19 2009 	Great hotel	Location was close enough to Union Square but up a short steep hill so maybe no good for people with walking difficulties. There was a cable car stop right on the corner of the street which was very handy in getting to Fisherman's Wharf. Concierge Bob was great and very helpful.Free internet at reception with unlimited use - very handy when booking day trips / car hire.Didn't try the food but restaurant looked good.Staff were friendly and happy to help at all times.Took advantage of the complimentary DVD's which were really recent releases.Room was lovely, bathroom clean and spacious. Would stay again!	
Jun 17 2009 	Class and warmth	While this hotel is wonderfully located, it's the warmth of the whole place that sets it apart. The staff make you feel like you're staying at a small bed and breakfast...very sincere and VERY personable service. Loved the robes. Very clean. Beautiful. Fantastic value. I would recommend this to anyone and hope to visit again!	
Jun 11 2009 	Great location value and staff	In town for a business meeting and pleasure trip. The hotel is located on the Powell cable car line but central location is easy walk to Union Square, Market Street, SoMa, Chinatown and the financial district. The room was nicely furnished. I can't say enough about the staff. Everyone was very friendly and helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations. Also DVD player in room with a nice collection of DVDs available to guests. This is the best San Francisco hotel I have stayed in - much prefer it to the major hotel chains in town.	
Jun 10 2009 	Helpful friendly staff in a very nice room at a fine value	Very good value for the price. The doorman, Cornell, was knowledgeable and helpful. The hotel's location cannot be beat for proximity to many sites of interest. I will stay here again. Could have used a business center or lounge to do work while my child was asleep in the room	
Jun 10 2009 	Good Spot close to the downtown core	Very convenient, but a little expensive. Food is nice. If you have a rental car, u may wanna live away from downtown core - the density of buidlings is .... so u can actually see what happended next door and vise versa.	
Jun 10 2009 	Wish there were more of these hotels in other cities!	Great location. Great rates. Very clean and internet was free. We also took advantage of the free movie rentals which was an added bonus. The bed was not the best for me, but to each his own. It was quiet and not a very busy place like some chain hotels can be. The front desk was always eager to help and did so with a smile. I always read the reviews on tripadvisor, but have yet to contribute. Well, now I feel that I have to. This was such a great hotel and I would have never found it without this site. By the way if you like Chinese food check out R&amp;G. Not fancy on the outside, but it is on the inside. Great food and service also.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great place to stay in San Francisco	Took Bart from the airport to the hotel and it was a breeze- just a few minutes walk, albeit uphillThe staff on the desk were very friendly and helpful when we checked in, offering us a choice of roomThe room was very big, very clean and, as we chose a high floor, very quietThe bed was big and comfortableEveryone was very friendly and helpful in the hotel. Couldn't have asked for moreJust a couple of blocks from Union Square and Chinatown and the cable car stops almost outside the hotel, which is so usefulHad intended staying at the Mark Hopkins, but the reviews here persuaded me and I'm thankful I listened. I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else in San FranciscoHad breakfast in the hotel a couple of days and that was fine. Many other travellers have recommended Roxanne's nearby for breakfast, but we found the service a trifle slow, rather expensive for what it is and it serves the worst coffee I have had in the US. Sear's is only a short walk away for a better breakfast. Can get very busy there thoughThe Gold Dust bar on Union Square is very reasonably priced, with great atmosphere. They may not serve the best margaritas I've ever had, but as good as the Top of the Mark and 1/3 of the price	
Jun 6 2009 	Bad beds bad service how can this be so high up the list?	The beds are so uncomfortable. We couldn't sleep and left the next day. We booked something through the concierge and when we turned up, they had forgotten to book it. Rooms are spacious, but decorated like something out of the 1970s.	
Jun 5 2009 	excellent value clean boutique hotel	great location friendly efficient staff and super clean hotel just a couple blocks from chinatown and a block from union square with several stores nearby to purchase food items toiletries. rooms and beds very comfortable.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent hotel location and staff. Highly recommended!	The Orchard Hotel is located near Union Square, Knobb Hill and China Town in downtown San Francisco. You can't beat the location. It is near the cable cars, dining, shopping, MUNI and more. From the outside, you don't know what to expect, but the inside was fabulous! The rooms were large (unique for San Francisco) and the linens were very comfortable. The bed was plush, lots of bath toiletries, and a wonderful staff. I requested an extra blanket and it was immediately brought to my room. The staff gave us directions and ideas for sight seeing. The staff also booked our shuttle back to the airport for us. They were fantastic. I felt like I was at an intimate Bed and Breakfast. Overall, the experience was very satisfying, and I would recommend this hotel. The rooms were large, well decorated and quiet. We had no problems with noise during our stay. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The location was excellent, as well as our overall experience.	
Jun 5 2009 	clean convenient great price good internet	Very clean and recently renovated. Good customer service. Good internet (both wired and wireless) which is very important for me. Convenient locations. Nothing bad to say.Check out the hotel's website for discounts - I ended up getting a much better price there than from the discount travel sites.Note: The Orchard Hotel and The Orchard Garden Hotel are different hotels, but run by the same people. They are 2 blocks apart on the same street, so this can be very confusing. Very similar logo, website and prices, so I am guessing they are very similar experiences. The Orchard Garden is slightly closer to downtown.	
Jun 5 2009 	Uncomfortable beds poor customer service	Unfortunately, our stay at this hotel was far from satisfactory. The bed was so uncomfortable, we changed hotel after just one night. We asked for the hotel to make a booking at a great restaurant for the saturday evening and they failed to make the booking for us despite saying it had been done. Lousy service.	
Jun 4 2009 	Really comfortable central location nice staff.	We stayed here for 3 nights. The room was really spacious, the bed was soooo comfortable, the bathroom was nice, we didn't want to leave. The closet is big enough to store your suitcases, propped up on the stands. The desk was the perfect place to sit on your laptop and work. I had problems getting my computer to connect to the wireless connection, so they brought me something called a &quot;bridge&quot; and that helped. The room is big enough to spread out and make yourself comfortable. No street noise. No noise from rooms next door, so it was very easy to sleep at night. It was a joy to come back to the room after a day of walking around the city. It's located on a steep hill, so if you're walking with suitcases, be prepared. The Powell St. street car line is right on the corner. We had breakfast right next door at Roxanne's every day, not cheap but lots of options and good caffe latte. I would definitely stay here again if the price remains reasonable. I got the best deal through their website, I assume the economy is the reason for the reduced rates.	
Jun 3 2009 	Location and hospitality	Terrific location, just the right size, nice to be greeted warmly every time we came in. Rooms were actually quiet, well appointed and the bathroom was nice, although no tub. Valet parking was $40 per night, but the wonderful valet had the car pulled around within 15 minutes of our call down each time, none of that long annoying wait in a line like you get in a big hotel. Sears Fine Food just a block away as is Starbucks so breakfast isnt an issue! Apples on the front desk and a nice library of movies for free borrowing. All in all my favorite place to stay in San Fran.	
Jun 3 2009 	Friendly staff and clean comfortable rooms in a great location.	Our room was spacious (by San Francisco standards) and very clean and comfortable. The staff at the front desk, the bar and the dining room were exceptionally courteous, friendly and helpful. We stopped for a before-dinner drink late one afternoon and the bar wasn't serving yet because they were cleaning up from a wine tasting event they had. Instead of just turning us away, they told us to sit down and even gave us glasses to drink some of the wine that was left over from the wine tasting. We ended up with a full bottle of wine &quot;on the house&quot; plus servers and the staff stopped by to talk to us in spite of being busy trying to get the room back in order for dinner. My only complaint was their was no business center. They had a computer at the front desk, but you had to stand up in a corner to use it. Overall it was a great place to stay.	
May 30 2009 	Eco and Friendly	We stayed at the Orchard for a total of five nights, split into 2 nights and 3 nights before and after the Memorial Day long weekend. The Orchard impressed us with their commitment to service and the environment. Features about the hotel we loved were:* Quick and friendly concierge and front desk service* Excellent bath products and large bathroom* Organic tea and coffee, plus fruit at the front desk* Well-stocked mini-bar with lockable fridge* Large comfortable bed and lots of TV channels* Excellent location to cable car, Union Square shopping, coin-op laundry, Walgreens and cheap restaurantsWe'd definitely recommend this hotel to people wanting a 'heart of San Francisco' experience without the grunge.	
May 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel and location	great hotel, Friendly staff. clean and close to everything. Cable car on the corner.Tip check out lori's diner and the Mexican cantina for happy hour, Sushi bar across the street great too.	
May 22 2009 	average	this is a pretty nice hotel in the heart of hte city. It is a great location with regards to the cable car system because you can step out of hte hotel and get right on a cable car. They definately hit you with the hidden fees at this place. they offer a 21 dollar room service breakfast. we ordered 2 one for each of us and the total with all the service fees ended uip being close to 70 dollars. overall it was a good experience . I am not one for hotels in the middle of the city, very loud lots of traffic, but a good place to call home base if you want to see all the tourist spots in the city.	
May 21 2009 	great affordable hotel	The Orchard is great, little hotel with a fabulous location. It has friendly staff &amp; is quiet and comfortable.	
May 19 2009 	Fantastic Hotel 	This was truly an awesome hotel all around! We stayed at the Orchard Hotel for 7 days for $741 USD, which for the location was amazing but it was also a clean, bright and spacious hotel with everything anyone on vacation could possibly need and free Wi-Fi to boot! The hotel is at the corner of Powell on Bush St. and you’ve got the Cable Car right outside the front doors, which was great because the hills are plenty in the area! From Powell, the cable car will either take you to Fisherman’s Wharf or to Market Street. The California Cable Car line isn’t but a couple of blocks away while Chinatown is a short walk as is Union Square! The BART ride ($5.35) from the Airport brings you to Market and Powell Street and we walked up Powell to Bush. There is one big hill to walk up but it is doable even with luggage! We could have taken the Cable Car up but I’m not sure how they feel about luggage…? We had an interior room on the 6th floor, which had a view of the buildings next door...not great but we weren’t in San Fran for the room. We had a huge King size Bed which was unbelievably comfortable, and a really nice size bathroom with nice calming scented shampoos, body wash, conditioner and lotion…it was like being in a spa every time you showered! They also provide a one-cup coffee maker with coffee (reg. &amp; decaf), green tea and regular tea pods. We used the coffee maker once, the coffee was okay but it was mostly because there was a Starbucks one block away. There’s a mini bar with some snacks not too badly priced, $5 for a good size bag of chips or…$20 for a one-person size bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon…. Walgreen’s is down a couple of blocks and a corner store selling full size bottles of wine for reasonable prices if you’re looking for those kinds of snacks. Check-in took all of 3 minutes and up to our room we went. The towels in the room are ticker than your average hotel towel and they provided us with two robes…nice touch!! We brought our laptop and the hotel’s Wi-Fi always had an excellent connection! Without hesitation, I would recommend (and have already) this hotel to anyone! The location is amazing and the hotel itself is clean, nicely sized with fresh linens and toiletries and if I should be so lucky to return to San Fran, I would book this hotel in a heartbeat!	
May 15 2009 	Great location and price very happy	This was a nice hotel - the room was nice and quite large and the location was great, just by Union Square and right next to the trolley car. We got the BART from the airport and it was easy to walk to the hotel from Powell Street (apart from the last 3-4 minutes up a very steep hill!The area felt completely safe and all in all we were very happy with our stay. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel but there was a nice place for breakfast on the corner if you turn left out of the hotel.	
May 14 2009 	I'd stay here again in a heart beat.	Close to China Town and the trolly car. The beds were so comfortable and the staff was friendly and helpful. I will stay at this hotel any time I'm in San Francisco. It was a pleasure.	
May 14 2009 	Would be the perfect hotel if rooms were better noise isolated	I chose this hotel on Tripadvisor because of its good rating and very good value; in addition I enjoyed a very nice price through a &quot;spring into summer rate&quot;.Positive comments:* About Hotel:- Very well located, easy access from the airport by public transportation (BART). Two blocks from Powell Station, only one straight street to climb (not easy with a 4-wheels suitcase), very closed from convenient places (cable car, shopping centres, union square, market street with major bus lines)- Clean- Staff welcoming and helpful- A large variety of DVDs available for leisure* About rooms- Large room- Very large and very comfortable bed (and I really loved the pillows)- Large bathroom- Very nice complimentary products (teas, and EO products for body care)- Clean room- Bed service in the evening- TV channelsNegative comments:* About rooms:- The WIFI quality is really bad (I was on fifth floor), constantly interrupted so I needed to get a LAN cable from reception- The noise isolation is very bad between rooms so I could hear next rooms conversations clearly (when a double occupancy, or phone conversation with speakers).If the rooms were better isolated, this hotel would be the perfect one. But if you don't care about this issue, you can run and book this hotel without hesitating any second, this is a very good place to stay in San Francisco...	
May 14 2009 	Always a Pleasure to be a guest	We come into town on occasion. Whenever we do, the Orchard is on top of the list. Right next to Union square.The Doorman/Concierge has been there for us every time we arrive and is the quintissential professional. The rooms are well appointed and comfy. Our suite has 2 LCD/HD TVs, Sound system, CD sound ambience discs for a fabulous relax soundscape (relaxin was not our thing...know what I mean?) Beds perfectly prepared with high-count fabrics, many pillows, perfectly maintained bath/shower appointments and complimentary bath robes for in between rumpus.The Orchard is a quiet Gem in SF. Has been for a long time.Modest, Polite, Clean,Respecful and big value.	
May 13 2009 	Great Value	We stayed in San Francisco for 2 nights and we spent the second night in Orchard Hotel, literally 2 blocks from the hotel that we stayed in for the first night. I would like to say that I am very happy that we made the switch.This is a great hotel with a &quot;boutique&quot; feel to it located in the heart of Union Square. The room was huge and well-equiped. The bathroom was huge in size and gorgeous in appearance, stacked with amazing bath products. The bed was big, comfortable and the bedding was crispy white and luxurious. The not-so-good part was that with a special value price which I booked through hotels.com we somehow did not get the free breakfast and the only parking option was a $50/night valet. Also, the minibar was stocked with drinks and spirits with no pricing detail to be found anywhere in the room, which seemes sort of sneaky. There were also 2 bathrobes hanging in the closet which I though were for our use, but turned out to be &quot;available for purchase&quot; which was also weird. But overall, for $100/night with tax, this hotel is a great value.	
May 11 2009 	Stay here if you want location cleanliness friendly staff and quality"	Based on the many reviews on trip advisor, we decided to book this hotel and we are glad that we did! Thanks Everyone!For the cost of only $99 a nite at their webiste- if you pay in full at the time of making the reservation- we could not have found a cleaner, friendlier or better located hotel. The room with a king bed wasn't huge but spacious enough for a couple. The bathroom was very large and stocked with natural shampoo, conditioner, etc. The bed was so comfortable. They even had a mini bar and turned down your bed as they do at much higher cost hotels. The onlyy negative was the view of the alley that we had.Since we do not drive, we always need something accessable and this was right in the middle of so many different locations. We were around the corner from the Hyde Trolley and with our three day MUNI pass we took this car up to the wharf and down to union sq. We were two blocks from Califonia cable cars which we took to the ferry building. We walked 2-3 blocks and we were in chinan town. The friendly staff helped us book a day trip to napa and our shuttle back to the airport. This trip was so easy due to the location of the hotel and the help of he staff. I have already recommended it to others who want friendliness,easy access and a nice hotel without all the craziness of a large chain hotel.	
May 10 2009 	Terrific...place people location	I would go back here in a heartbeat. Small lobby that was perfectly adequate, large rooms and bathrooms, impeccably clean (a guy was on his hands and knees cleaning the hall baseboard one morning when I stepped out of my room), fresh fruit on the counter always at the service desk. Final billing perfect, almost always a problem when sharing a room with another person and splitting the room rate. Every employee with whom we interacted was friendly and helpful. Hard to believe a place could be this good in today's world. And , heading up a large consumer affairs department in a top rated supermarket chain., I know good service when I see it. Check out the little French restaurant down the street, the California Academy of Science and The Slanted Door restaurant.	
May 7 2009 	Excellent hotel in good location friendly staff and great aminieties	My boyfriend and I turned up in San Francisco on a Friday afternoon with no reservations and only a rough idea of where we wanted to stay. After dropping by a couple of hotels in Fishermans Wharf and Union Square, prices seemed to be a bit on the steep side so we popped into a Starbucks and got online to try and find a deal. Without checking tripadvisor and having only driven past The Orchard we found a fantastic deal for only $91 a night, we booked for four nights and hoped we had done the right thing.We arrived at the hotel roughly 20 minutes later and were greated by the incredible nice and friendly front desk staff. The room they gave us overlooked Bush Street (the main entrance to the hotel) and was fantastic. Lovely and spacious, very clean and had everything you needed. We were very, very pleased.The location is great and we felt perfectly safe there, you can easily walk straight to Union Square and you are right on Powell street and the cable car stops right outside. The further away from Union Square you get the more homeless people you do encounter but that is to be expected from a major city however we never once felt uncomfortable. The hotel has valet parking but we parked at the car park on Stockton street which was a lot cheaper and didn't have any problems.The hotel does do an express breakfast for $5 which includes either toast, bagel or croissant and tea/coffee. However we went to Loris Diner which was just down the road and was great.I would definitly recommend staying at this hotel and would advise anyone to book online as they seemed to have various special offers.The DVD's they have for you to borrow at reception is pretty vast and they had quite a few new releases which was nice. We loved going back to chill at to the hotel after a hectic day sightseeing round San Fran before heading out for dinner.Loved this hotel and loved San Francisco!!	
May 6 2009 	GREAT place...	We found this place after consulting this site. Great great place. VERY friendly and helpful staff. Nice clean rooms and comfortable beds. They could have some better pillows, but that's very minor compared to all the other great stuff. Central location. We walked EVERYWHERE from here...30-45 minutes max. The hotel is just the right size. Free DVD movies...close to shopping. No complaints whatsoever...a no frills basic hotel, but a great one at that.	
May 6 2009 	great value for money	comfortable rooms, great location, and not expensivestraightforward: if your looking for big lobby activities go somewhere else, but if you don't use that amenity, then why pay for it?	
May 6 2009 	Convenience value and comfort!	We got a great rate by paying ahead online, and although we didn't know much about the hotel in advance, we were VERY pleased to arrive at a clean, spacious, comfortable - and quiet! - room. We loved the hotel's DVD library and made good use of it! There was a lousy view from our window but who cares?! The room was lovely, the hotel was convenient and affordable, and we were very, very happy with it. We were out for events and meetings and meals most of the time, but truthfully would have been happy to relax in the room more. It was a great deal, and a great find.	
May 5 2009 	Could not have chosen a better place !	Clean, roomy, well-appointed, convenient to a tourist's desires-- friendly staff--and great value. Can hop right on Cable car, plenty of great places to eat very close- and a Walgreens just down the street. You won't be disappointed.	
May 5 2009 	Simple Hotel - Have seen better	I stayed at The Orchard Hotel, San Francisco from April 27 - may 4, 2009 and was there to attend an architecture convention for that duration. The hotel is simple and has a great location just 2 blocks from the Union Square.The rooms are neat and well maintained and the housekeeping is very efficient. The housekeeping and the front desk staff is very polite and always greet you with a smile.The toilets are large and the rooms have a well stocked minibar with a coffee maker, iron and ironing board. They have a nice restaurant which I never tried though.The hotel seems perfect for a single business traveller like me, being in the heart of downtown San Francisco and most of the places were walking distance.I did not find any serious flaws with the hotel.Having said these things a few things did disturb me about the hotel.-The wi-fi reception is not at all good in the rooms and you have to request for a USB cable. The hotel staff did not do much to help on this but forwarded me the phone no. of the wi-fi company, Those guys were really helpful but the wi-fi hardly worked and I had to depend on the cable.-I had an extra guest for a night and when I asked the hotel to accomodate him in my room they said they cannot as the rooms were not equipped to do so. They don't mention this on their confirmation and infact mention that they charge $25 for an extra person. But, they did not allow me to have an extra person and I had to arrange for alternate accomodation for my guest.-I never ate the restaurant as I felt it was over-priced and as it was not a 5 star hotel i dont think they should have such high rates.I would have liked a microwave in the room which would have been of a great help as I was there for a week.The website does potray it as a stylish hotel, but in real it was a normal hotel and I do have seen better.	
May 1 2009 	Loved The Orchard - what a gem	We stayed at this hotel for five nights as part of our California road trip and thought it was great - virtually faultless. My favourite thing was the wonderful comfy bed - best bed I have ever slept in during a hotel stay. The staff are super friendly and the hotel rooms are spotless - huge bathrooms. I would have no hesitation in recommending it or staying there again.	
Apr 22 2009 	Great location comfortable and clean - everything you need in a hotel	We chose this hotel based on the great reviews and the free Internet access provided and we were not disappointed. The bed was large and very comfy, the bathroom was clean and spacious and featured lovely bath products and fluffy towels, and the staff was helpful and courteous. The decor is a kind of Art Deco theme so do not expect a boutique hotel with stark, minimalist style. The hotel is located just steps from the Powell St. cable car and a few minutes' walk to the BART and MUNI stations (the two public transit systems serving the city). It is also within easy walking distance to many attractions, cafes and restaurants, yet it's not in a noisy area. We didn't try the restaurant so I can't comment on that. The staff let us print up our e-tickets for the Alcatraz tour using the laptop and printer in the lobby at no charge which was much appreciated. They also were happy to give directions whenever asked. Having free Internet access was great as were able to get info on attractions and easily find out how to get around town using the MUNI web site. The free DVD library is also a nice touch though we ended up having no time to watch any movies.One minor negative point is that if your room faces the back alley you will probably hear garbage trucks going by in the early morning if you are a light sleeper, but this is pretty normal for a downtown hotel. They're not extremely loud but are audible. Our minibar fridge seemed to buzz quite a bit the first night but the noise seemed to disappear after that. Another small thing that was somewhat annoying is that our card-keys for the room failed to work on more than one occasion. On two occasions we had to go back down to the lobby twice to remedy the situation (on each occasion they sent us back upstairs assuring us the key would now work and it still did not). Again, this is not the end of the world but something that I hope will be remedied.In sum, I'd definitely stay at this hotel again provided the price stays reasonable, and would recommend it to travellers who appreciate quiet, comfort and courteous service.	
Apr 20 2009 	Clean and smelling like roses	Friendly staff and the DVD library was a nice surprise. First time I've experienced an Eco theme which made it more boutique-ey. Location is central in Bush St and only down the road to Union Square. Also pretty much on the route to the Piers via Chinatown and Little Italy for either the cable car or buses. Great location for the price(winter time).	
Apr 20 2009 	Perfect location for exploring San Francisco	My partner and I stayed at The Orchard for 4 nights at the start of a Pacific Ocean road trip. We planned to explore San Francisco before heading down the coast, and as a base for that, the hotel was ideal.Located 10 metres from the Powell Street cable car route meant that you could get to and from Fishermans Wharf very easily. The hotel is also in close proximity to good eateries and shops - we ate at Loris diner just round the corner each morning - it was excellent. We also paid a visit to the Cheescake Factory on top of Macys which is at Union Square - a 2 minute walk.The hotel itself is smart and clean. The public spaces are pleasant, and the rooms, although a little flowery for my tastes, are very comfortable.The staff are polite and very helpful - they were great when we asked for a Napa or Sonoma vineyard suggestion, looking up addresses and writing down information.The only small downside was the cost of the valet parking - at $45 per day it worked out expensive picking the car up from the airport. I would recommend collecting the car when leaving the city if you can - you can manage nicely with public transport most of the time, unless you plan to explore further afield. Alternatively you could probably find a cheaper parking space if you tried.All in all the hotel was excellent, recommended!	
Apr 16 2009 	Great location great hotel	We have stayed in San Francisco several times over the last few years and the Orchard hotel is probably the one I would choose to return to. The rooms are good, staff helpful and location excellent. All in all very good value for money.We also ate in a couple of good places which won't break the bank and are within walking distance - Hunan Home (Chinese) on Jackson Street and Fino (an Italian restaurant we located via google and Trip Advisor) situated in the Andrews Hotel a couple of blocks away on Post Street. We turned up there at about 7.30pm and were lucky to get a table - it was a Friday night and the place was buzzing - they were turning people away left, right and centre if they hadn’t booked - luckily we timed it right and got the only free table they had.	
Apr 8 2009 	AMAZING	We usually stay at the four sesons or the ritz, however this hotel got such great reviews on trip advisor that we decided to try it out. We payed $110/nite + $40 for valet to us that is very inexpensive given the usual rate of $300-500/nite. We would have easily paid that much to stay here.The location is perfect so easy to get to Fisherman's warf(the personal car for the hotel dropped us for $15), China town and Union Square are a short walk. We felt the uphill walks were good for all the yummy foor we ate.(Michel Mina's restaurant/ Roxannes for breakfast). We also found the stairs on Stockton to bypass some of the hills.The service was great, we got in late and wanted take out. The concierge had menu's in our room minutes after arrival. The bathrooms are terrific and the robes so comfy. We really used the free internet and dvd player. They have a large selection of movies to borrow. This was helpful since we were dealing with EST.Also once we booked I got an email asking if I had any questions. I asked about places to eat and the conceirge emailed me back with 3 recs and web links. We will definitely be back here. They also give a discount to return customers.	
Apr 8 2009 	Clean comfortable quiet rooms and a great location.	My husband and I value a clean and comfortable bed. The bedding is so comfortable, the room so clean and quiet. The bathroom is roomy. The tub is too shallow to enjoy a soak, but the water pressure is great for shower and includes a massage setting for aching legs.The Orchard is very conveniently located near great shopping, Saks, Nieman Marcus, and China Town.The trolley is just steps away. Great Italian food near by that serves till 12. {Ask front desk} And Mel's Drive in Diner for killer french toast,with service till 1am. You will pay a high price for valet parking, but what the heck, your on vacation!	
Apr 6 2009 	Good central location clean spacious rooms free wifi	Stayed for 2 nights at the end of March. Room was spacious with free (and easy to use) wifi. Easy walk to Union Square, China Town, transport links, cable car, restaurants etc., and although on the main road there were no problems with noise. Would stay again and it is much better value than the mainstream hotels on Union Square or at Fishermans Wharf.	
Apr 4 2009 	Great hotel great location great staff and no I am not being paid for this!	The Orchard is a very, unassuming hotel that is first class in my opinion. The room was spacious, and having asked for a quiet room, it clearly was that. Only the trash pick-up in the alley was somewhat annoying. The staff was very friendly and the bellman gave accurate information about the city and services. Location was perfect for our plans--we were able to walk just about everywhere we wanted to go or take the cable car, which was just on the corner from the hotel. Didn't really try the resaurant in the hotel, although the menu looked great. We opted to walk to several close resaurants for breakfast--recommend Lori's Diner, just down the block on Powell--great 50's type place with good and reasonably priced food. The Cable Car Cafe, just next door to Lori's also has good breakfast food, although it is more modest, but it is a quick one if you are in a hurry. If you make it to the Ferry building, see if you can get reservations at the Slanted Door. Very good upscale Asian food at reasonable prices (dinner for two was under $60). Finally, about 2 blocks away is the gateway to Chinatown (Grant St and Bush). Dick Lee's on Jackson Street (just off Grant) is a no frills Dim Sum for lunch for $5.99 and the buffet is well stocked and tasty.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great Value Great Location	I was very impressed with this hotel. Good rooms, friendly and helpful staff. Great location with easy access to transport and many San Francisco sights.	
Mar 30 2009 	Basic establishment noisy location	After reading a positive reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor I decided to give it a go. However, we found the establishment far more &quot;ordinary&quot; than we expected, and our sleep was not very restful due to external noises (delivery trucks, traffic, etc) at all hours of the night.The location was convenient. A short walk up Powell St from the Powell St BART station (note: if arriving by train you may wish to grab a taxi, unless you're prepared to drag your baggage up some steep sidewalks). The cable car stopped a few meters from the front entrance of the hotel, great for getting over the hill to Fisherman's Wharf.Free WiFi was a lovely bonus.All-in-all, the place is okay. But next time we will pay a bit extra for a more comfortable (ie quiet) establishment.	
Mar 20 2009 	Perfect location lovely hotel	For a short weekend trip to San Fran, this is the place to stay. Take a flight to San Francisco, take the Bart to Powell, walk a few blocks (sorry, uphill!) and you're in the perfect location to enjoy this beautiful city, whether you go north, south, east or west. At the intersection of a cable car stop (Bush and Powell), you can walk, taxi or cable car to anywhere in the city. Just a few minutes to shopping or China Town. Enjoy! Oh, and have a great breakfast next door at Roxanne's.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great Hotel and Will Stay Here Again	Stayed at the Orchard for four nights in March 2009. The location, only two blocks from Union Square, was perfect. Our room, although facing a busy street, was very quiet. The room was immaculate and the bathroom huge. Bathroom amenities were perfect and the bathrobes provided by the hotel were gorgeous. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel restaurant was also very good. Only two minor problems. One evening there was no hot water because of maintenance problems. Our departure required an early limousine service to the airport which the doorman failed to make. Overall our stay at this boutique hotel was very pleasant and we will definitely stay here again during our next visit to San Francisco. Highly recommended.	
Mar 18 2009 	Clean hotel courteous staff and superb location.	We stayed at The Orchard Hotel during our vacation to San Francisco the first week of March 2009 and we loved the hotel. It was clean, the staff was very courteous and helpful and we couldn't be happier with the location since we did not rent a car. Just a couple blocks from Chinatown in one direction and Union Square in the other - right on the cable car line. We didn't eat at the restaurant so can't comment on the food. We got a great rate on the room because it was a little off season, but if we ever get back to San Francisco, we'll definitely consider staying there again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Fantastic hotel in best location - no cabs needed!!	Himy hubby and i stayed at the Orchard for 4 nights in Feb, as part of a us trip, after reading reviews about how great it was - and it was all true. the front dest staff were so friendly and helpful, the rooms and overall hotel were lovely and most importantly - it was in the most convenient location. we could walk to every major attraction, in every direction you got where you wanted to be in max 15mins. chinatown is literally 2 mins down the road and to make things even better the cable car stops out the front door!! we could easily walk to financial district, union square, coit tower, lombard, north beach (best for dinner!!). we even wanted to come back on our way home but they were booked out, and i can see why. would recommend to anyone, and definately go back next time. free internet use was also a great service!! because we couldnt get in again, we ended up staying at the palace hotel - amazing hotel, which we got for an amazing price on expedia - well worth the little bit extra, it was absolutely the best hotel we have ever stayed in - better than the waldorf astoria in NY!!	
Mar 8 2009 	Great Stay	We booked this hotel as they were having a good deal, and were a lot cheaper than the rest of the hotels in San Francisco. The hotel is very close to Union Square and the main shopping district altho there is quite a big hill to negotiate (we did find some stairs which made it a little easier to negotiate). The cable car also is very nearby so you are able to jump on to get to Fishermans Wharf which is very handy. The service was great and they also have free wireless internet which came in very handy (there is also a laptop at reception to use for free). The room was great, bathroom big and the bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in! I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 7 2009 	Excellent location for Tourists	The location is great. There is a cable car service from almost just outside the door. Union Square is just 2 blocks downhill. China Town is a 10 minute walk in the opposite direction. North Beach (the Italian area) is another 10 minutes beyond China town. You do not need a car if staying here (or anywhere in SF for that matter as walking is easy - if you like hills - and the public transport is fabulous)We ate breakfast in a few different places - never at the hotel. Roxannes on the corner (almost next door to the hotel) does amazing breakfasts so we often ate there before heading out for the day.The Hotel was fine &quot;did what it said on the tin&quot;.However a big turn off for me was the noise that the hotel wide aircon made. We didnt even have ours switched on and yet the pipes in the hotel which draws the air out of the room to circulate it elsewhere creates such an annoying 'whurr' or whine that it kept me awake most nights - even with earplugs! The front desk said they couldnt do anything about it.If it wasnt for that annoyance, I would have stayed again but will look elsewhere next time...we already have somewhere else in mind.This is a shame as in all other ways it was fine.	
Mar 6 2009 	5* room at 3* prices	Got a great deal on expedia. Stayed here for 4 nights. Location is central and right by tram stop. Clean, quiet, very comfortable room which was just as good as a lot of 5 star hotels I've stayed in (minus certain amenities such as shoe cleaner and toilet amenities....but no big deal). We seemed to make right choice by booking room only basis. Breakfast is $18 at the hotel but saw very few people eating there. In the area there are some great places for breakfast and at much cheaper prices. Front desk staff very helpful and polite.	
Mar 5 2009 	Beautiful hotel with spacious rooms and friendly staff. Looking forward to my next stay!	Upon my arrival I was greeted by a helpful bellman who assisted me with my luggage and boxes. The Guest Services staff were friendly and accommodating during the check-in/out process. My guestroom was well appointed and spacious with very comfortable beds. The restaurant staff were very attentive and the food was absolutely delicious! The Sales staff was professional and very helpful in assisting me with my event. Overall, the Orchard Hotel staff made me feel like a part of their family - I was spoiled and look forward to my next visit! Thank you, Orchard Hotel!	
Mar 3 2009 	Cancelled my booking	We were due to stay at this hotel later this month.There was a problem with the credit card I used to book, as it had been cloned and used illegally.I tried to contact the hotel to give them another credit card, and kept being fobbed off, and told to phone back to contact the &quot;reservations department&quot;, who never seemed to be available. This was a costly exersize as we are in Australia at the moment.The staff were so rude and particularly unhelpful, that we have cancelled and booked at Hotel Drisco instead.	
Feb 17 2009 	pleasant stay	my experience with this hotel has been very pleasant. stayed here for 2 nights close to christmas. the bathroom looks very new and quite nice. the room is clean and quiet. it is perhaps time for them to update to a flat panel tv to save some valuable downtown real estate and make the room look a bit bigger. for those who plan to explore the town on foot, but have trouble walking up stairs, should be aware that even though it is close to union square, it is up at quite a steep hill. and yes the hill is as steep as a flight of stairs. i thought it was good exercise for me though. they have free wireless internet, which i overheard is not common among downtown hotels.	
Feb 17 2009 	excellent hotel	Stayed here for business for a couple of nights. Really an excellent hotel. very clean and large rooms, Helpfull staff and a superb location. can't be beaten when you value price and quality	
Feb 16 2009 	Excellent Stay!	We visited the Orchard Hotel Valentine's Day weekend for a San Francisco getaway. I was very impressed by the hotel. It was in a great area-just a few blocks from Union Square but very quiet. The trolley car stops right outside the hotel. How convenient is that! We took it to North Beach and Fisherman's Wharf. The beds were ultra comfy with down comforters and pillows. They even had a video library where you could rent videos for free. The hotel was very clean. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We only stayed 2 nights and the staff knew us by name when it was time to leave. They also were helpful in telling us about great restaurants, etc.I highly recommend the Orchard Hotel for it's value, excellent service and comfort!	
Feb 11 2009	Some issues but good value overall	Weekend special represented very good value overall. This is a good location away from main tourist areas. Hotel perfectly good for tourists and well above standard of 'motel' and cheaper hotel type accommodation.Weekend deal represented particularly good value but needed to be booked direct.ButDid not respond to queries despite sending welcome email offering assistance.Room cleaning a bit off of what might be expected here.Tried to charge for a telephone call we made to resolve an issue with Expedia that was to help the front desk rather than ourselves. Cancelled on challenge.Overall would happily stay here again so problems should be viewed in this context.	
Feb 4 2009 	Exceeds Epectations	I initially found The Orchard through tripadvisor and was impressed by the excellent reviews. I hesitated before making a reservation because I was not sure it would meet expectations. Boy was I wrong. The hotel is conveniently located 2 blocks from Union Square, 2 blocks from Chinatown and is right next the the cable car line (make sure you get the 3 day cable car pass for $18 if you are staying a weekend or it is $5 each time you use it). The staff was friendly, genuine, and approachable, not stuffy like some other highly rated and pretentious Union Square properties. They were eager to assist and greeted us upon every arrival and departure.Our room was immaculate. The beds were comfortable with down comforters, feather pillows and soft linens. The room was generous in size and we were not able to hear the street below or our neighbors. I have not slept so well in my own bed at home. The bathroom was clean and spacious with high quality bath products. We did not eat in the restaurant and it appeared empty most of the time. The menu was a little too trendy for our taste. We would have also liked to have the option of room service all day, but it is only offered for breakfast and on a limited basis. We will definitely choose The Orchard for our next visit to San Francisco.	
Feb 3 2009	Orchard Hotel is awesome!	This hotel is a great choice....it will be my ONLY choice if I'm ever in the area again. The hotel is VERRRRYYYY clean....the rooms are very nice and clean. The bathroom is clean with granite counters and a large tub/shower with hot water flow that feels great! The rooms have what they call two twin beds (they are european twin size) they are the same size as an American full size bed. This was a great choice for my husband and I.There is not much of a lounge area but who cares...you're in San Fran and there is plenty to do...who wants to stay in the hotel?? ;-)I suggest the pizza place on the corner across the street, Uncle Gus' Pizza...it's GREAT! Also, be sure to eat b'fast at Sears (a landmark and Zagat and Yikes rest.). It is about a block down toward Union Square. The housekeeping keeps your room perfect...they do daily housekeeping, change sheets daily upon request and also do a turn down nightly.GREAT HOTEL for the money....also, Hertz and Aalmo rental car offices are located 1/2 block which makes renting a car easy for going to Napa, Muir Woods, etcThe cable car stop is about 30 steps from the front door....can't beat it!! ;-)	
Jan 28 2009 	Really Loved it!	We stayed at The Orchard for 4 nights in October (sorry for the late review). We found it to be absolutely perfect! Firstly, the location is great, right next to a tram stop, and just a 2 minute walk from Union Square. We felt the area was really nice and safe. The room was large with a very comfy bed, large TV and DVD player. There were nice little extras like bath robes and free DVD rentals from reception (very good selection). We also really appreciated the environmental ethics of the hotel. I have already reccommended this hotel to friends and family. Stay here, you will love it.	
Jan 25 2009 	Service + Service + Service = Outstanding!	My mother and I stayed one night at the Orchard in in Jan of 2009. We paid $99 for a deluxe room mid week. The room was lovely, but first things first.I really appreciate being around happy people, and it was clear that every person working at this hotel genuinely seemed happy to be doing so. Attentive, caring, genuine people - really what more is there to ask for? The management / ownership of The Orchard is doing something right - unless they're all faking it, which is doubtful.Our room was on the top floor with a view overlooking the city of san fran. The room was spacious and perfect for two people. A nice mini bar, comfortable beds, spacious bath, charming, and clean. Surprisingly, I loved the bath products - not really something I notice, but it was all of the little details here that made something special.I used the fitness facilities here - they had nice equipment (treadmill, elliptical, &amp; stationary bike) with a television in an unused room. Honestly, not really necessary with san fran hills but worth mentioning because they were in good condition for a hotel of this location / size.We valet parked the car for $45 via the hotel. Driving and parking in san fran to the average tourist can be daunting. We pulled up, the hotel was right there and unloaded our luggage - and was also kind to mention that we could park it ourselves for $33 if we wanted to. Kind, indeed.This location is an easy walk to chinatown, and union square. The hotel recommended a place right next door on Bush street that was the best breakfast ever! I can't remember the name, but ask the hotel. Look for it if you're needing breakfast close to the hotel.I can't compliment the staff at this hotel enough - lovely people in a great location. Thank you for a wonderful stay!	
Jan 24 2009 	An Outstanding Hotel	This is an outstanding small hotel just off the beaten path, not far from Union Square. Far enough away from the hubbub to be peaceful, but close enough to be a stroll (if you can stroll on the hills of SF) to your destination, or to public transportation to take you to your destination.The venue is very attractive, clean, and up to date. The staff is extremely pleasant and helpful. The amenities are top rate. Unlike large corporate hotels, the Orchard had a very personal feel which made it quite special.	
Jan 23 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Wonderful hotel with friendly helpful staff. Very clean. Super comfortable beds. 24 hour doorman that can answer any questions you may have about the city. Excellent location, walking distance to Chinatown, shopping, restaurants etc. Can walk out the door and hop on a cable car and be on your way to the wharf or North Beach. Expensive Valet service which we skipped and saved a bundle by parking at a parking garage one block away.	
Jan 22 2009 	One of the Best Hotels I've stayed in	For the excellent deal that hotel.com offered and The Orchard honored, this was a fantastic value.New, clean, nice beds, incredibly friendly and helpful staff, decent sized rooms down to the quality bathroom products; I could not have asked for more. Convenient: Only 2 blocks from China town and 10 steps away from the cable car stop leading straight down to Fisherman's Wharf. The area is also surrounded by little cafes, restaurants, and a Walgreen's 1 block away.	
Jan 19 2009 	not what i expected.....	So after reading amazing reviews of this hotel i was expecting a great comfortable place to stay after a tiring 2 weeks sightseeing in Europe. i was pleased to find comfortable beds, but we had no hot water in our shower. a toilet which was running constantly and bad towels. the toilet was fixed after 3 hours and 2 phone calls to be made to reception. a long tiring check in- they told us everything we didnt want to know after a 13 hour flight. would not return.	
Jan 17 2009 	Wonderful for the price.	I only have good things to say about the Orchard, The staff were polite and helpful, the hotel was clean, and the rooms we just perfect. Nice size, great bathroom, fantastic bed and a little safe in the wardrobe. Even the bathroom products smelt great! Oh and... the rooms didn't smell of detergent, but just nice clean and fresh.The location was fantastic, and its a really good deal for the money. Sure you can pay a bit extra and go to a 'named' hotel, but to be honest, you don't need the 'extra', this is just perfect. I will definitely be returning.	
Jan 15 2009 	orchard -still terrific	we have stayed at this hotel many times and it's terrific. the rooms are spacious and really well done. the bathrooms are marble and also quite large. we love the location- you can walk to chinatown in 2 minutes and union square is around the corner. they serve a really good buffet style breakfast- though they just started to charge for it and it's pricey at $18.00 per person. we skipped it after the first morning when we were handed a bill for what had always been included in the room rate. the staff is very friendly and if you don't want to spring for the hotel parking, there is plenty of street parking (metered) or lots just a block away that are very reasonable. they have good rates and good packages to offer. we have stayed at several hotels in this area over the years and we have found the orchard to be the most comfortable and quite luxurious for the price. the windows do not open-the one down side for us. the beds and bedding are top notch. always a good place to stay.	
Jan 11 2009 	Good Hotel for the price	As usual I had researched this hotel on Tripadvisor prior to my trip and was looking forward to what I thought would be a great holiday especially as it had been voted one of the Best for luxiury hotels in Tripadvisors annual review.I think in the end the best way to describe this hotel is not as a luxury hotel but as a hotel where you get a lot more for your money than you would expect in a central location.The room we had was spacious, neutrally decorated and very quiet (we were on the top floor). The maid service every day was very good and the reception staff were friendly and helpful. However the cafe/dining room didn't look up to much and was always empty so we didn't even try it and the lobby wasnt really up to much either. My husband used the gym facilities and again while the relevant machines worked it wasn't anything more than average.Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel but on the understanding that you are getting a great 3 star qualitiy hotel rather than anything else.	
Jan 10 2009 	Very Nice Folks!	We stayed three nights. Everyone working at the Orchard was as nice as pie. We enjoyed it and plan on booking a room there again when we return to SF. Close to Union Square (two blocks, though a steep climb back to the hotel) and close to Chinatown. Great.	
Jan 9 2009 	My SF home from home	This is the third time I have stayed at The Orchard on business in 4 months and I'll keep going back.It's not the most remarkable hotel in the world and yet it's consistently welcoming, clean and comfortable. The rooms are large, bright and clean and come with a reasonable free broadband, so it's a great place to stay on business.The beds are very comfortable and the rooms are kitted out with a great DVD/stereo. The reception holds a DVD library which I've used several times when I've been too tired to go out in the evening. The menu for room service isn't huge but it is high quality and there's a very long wine list.My only complaint has been that twice I've gone down to breakfast in the morning to find the staff still putting out the buffet - an hour after it was supposed to have opened. However, on both occasions they have offered the breakfast free of charge (since I booked the option excluding breakfast).I've only stayed here on business but I'd definitely consider it for a city break. The location is great for getting anywhere in the city - the famous SF trolley even passes right outside.Overall this is a hotel that won't blow you away with character or charm but that doesn't matter because it's a really nice place to stay and base yourself while in SF.	
Jan 9 2009 	A great experience	We stayed at the Orchard hotel for two nights and were not dissappointed. The hotel staff are incredibly helpful, friendly and professional. We were also very lucky to be upgraded to a King suite that exceeded our expectations. The room had more than we needed, was spacious, clean and had a fantastic king sized comfortable bed. Our room overlooked the Powel/Bush intersection, which can be a little noisey due to the cable car tracks however some amount of noise is inevitable when staying in the heart of a busy city. We were happy to make this sacrifice to be close to the action - only two blocks to Union Square. I wish we could have stayed longer and hope to return to this lovely hotel (and city) soon! I highly recommend 'Mama's on Washington Square' for breakfast but get there early to avoid the queue!	
Jan 8 2009 	Great Spot	While not as sleek as its sister hotel, the Orchard is most comfortable (great bed !) and its staff extremely helpful and engaging. The location is wonderful, great for walking to several museums and the theater district.	
Jan 8 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Excellent small hotel. Large rooms, large bathroom, very clean, very comfortable. The room and bathroom are just as they appear in the TripAdvisor traveler pictures. The location is also excellent--two blocks north of Union Square, about halfway up Nob Hill. We used BART from the airport to Powell Street and walked 6-8 blocks to the hotel with small rolling cases (the last block is a bit of a climb). On departure with a 6 am flight, the hotel booked a car to the airport for us. All positives, no negatives about the Orchard, and we got a terrific deal through hotels.com.	
Jan 7 2009 	Another great experience!	This is the second time I've stayed at The Orchard Hotel for business in the past 6 months, and it's been consistently great. The rooms are bigger than most in SF and very quiet, which I really appreciate. The staff is very helpful and friendly, and the valet service is quick and convenient. I'll be staying here again soon!	
Jan 6 2009 	Peaceful time at The Orchard	My girlfriend and I stayed for almost a week at the Orchard and had a fantastic time! The staff was friendly, the rooms were well-furnished with very comfortable beds and the restaurant made a tasty burger. Additionally, the hotel is centrally located - easy walking or taxi distance to anywhere you want to go in the city and there are plenty of hotspots nearby to stumble home from. Wireless internet was included with the room &amp; the staff made sure we had a steady supply of clean wine glasses. An easy standout!	
Jan 5 2009 	Great hotel!	Great hotel, centrally located near Union Square, Nob Hill and Chinatown. Your walking distance from almost everything. The hotel is clean, quiet and the staff are very friendly and curteous. We booked an internet AAA rate of $99 + $40 for parking. For the money, you can't beat it. The TVs even have surround sound and you can choose from a large selection of DVDs at the fron t desk. This is a great find for San Francisco.	
Jan 3 2009 	Nice Surprise	Stayed 3 nights- 12/29-12/31. Very good experience. Rooms are average size for a city hotel, but very comfortable. Big bathroom! Staff were very professional, friendly, helpful. Good location in city center. Thought it might be noisy as room was right over Bush Street, but modern windows and traffic disappears at night so room was very quiet. Definitely would stay there again.	
Jan 1 2009	Great Stay!	We booked a room through Quikbook, got a great rate and nice stay.The beds are comfortable, the room is a decent size, the bathroom is large. There is a daily paper and lots of tourist info. Take advantage of the DVD library - a good selection. There are numerous cafes within walking distance. Very close to Union Square, but far away enough for some quiet. Staff was helpful and there is a computer for public use at the front desk. The housekeeping staff did a nice job. Keep in mind - there is a need for some paint in the hallways and and room doorways. Looks like the wear and tear of luggage.We used BART for our trips to and from the airport. If you can handle walking up the hill to the hotel, taking public transportation is convenient and inexpensive.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great hotel	My wife and I took our two adult children on a trip to reward them for completing tertiary studies and San Francisco was everyone's favourite place. This hotel added to our enjoyment of the city mostly because of its location. It's close to restaurants, shops and transport. The rooms are well furnished and quiet. There is a very nice bar and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. We would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 29 2008 	A fine little spot to stay	We came to San Francisco for a pre-Christmas visit with our two teens. We booked the Orchard because of the reviews, the location and a great deal on Hotels.com.Four nights in two rooms -- one King room connecting to 2 Twins. As requested we had connecting rooms and an upper floor. Our rooms were also ready when we checked in around 11:00 a.m. which was much appreciated. Rooms are nicely sized as are the baths. We had nice views facing Bush street and heard only the occasional siren... no sound from other rooms, other than housekeepers in the hallways. Cleaning and turndown were always done while we were out -- nice timing. Everything was clean and linens were good.The lobby is drab, and small - a real turn-off for all of us, and the dining room, while nicely decorated, seemed to have a limited menu and very slow staff (friendly tho'). We ate breakfast there once and chose not to return.The location if terrific for everything -- hikes to Grace Cathedral for the holiday lights, Powell Street Cable Cars, Union Square, great small restaurants, Chinatown -- everything.... We would recommend and would consider returning.... but we also like to try new places :).	
Dec 27 2008 	Great bargain in the heart of San Francisco	I searched the internet for a quality hotel that was reasonably priced and I found exactly what I was looking for in The Orchard Hotel. If you are looking for an attractive, clean, comfortable room and don't want to feel like you overpaid than you should consider The Orchard Hotel. I was so pleased with the entire experience that I feel comfortable recommending this Hotel to anyone. I would definitely stay at The Orchard again the next time I'm in San Francisco.The Orchard Hotel is a very nice hotel, a real bargain in the heart of San Francisco. You know how they say you get what you pay for? Well at The Orchard Hotel you get more than you pay for.P.S. I stayed at the J.W. Marriott the last time I was in San Francisco and wasn't impressed except with the size of the bill. The room at the Marriott had a few broken bathroom fixtures, terrible water pressure in the shower and the restaurant was ridiculously expensive for ridiculously small portions. I do not enjoy gargantuan size food portions but I do expect a meal to at least make me feel like I just ate something. We were all still hungry after our lunch. I would never stay at the J.W. Marriott (Post &amp; Mason) again.	
Dec 19 2008	Great place great people!	After much research and reading a lot of past customers reviews, I booked the Orchard Hotel because I did not want to stay in another chain hotel. We have traveled to Europe quite a bit and the hotel entrance immediately gave us a European feel. The rooms were very spacious, beds were comfortable and the large bathroom was a plus. The staff at the hotel is excellent. They are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is very close to anything. you can walk to almost anywhere from there, We would highly recommend you give it a try. Should we ever return to the area, we will most likely stay there again.	
Dec 19 2008 	My favorite SF hotel	This is my favorite San Francisco hotel. The rooms are small but pleasantly designed, the bed and pillows are super comfy, the wi-fi is free, and the bathroom is large and has everything you need. It's located close enough to Moscone to walk if you are a reasonably energetic person, and far enough away to be a fair amount cheaper than the hotels in the immediate vicinity.	
Dec 7 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Great hotel. The location is excellent close to Union Square. The staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms were very nice with comfy beds and very clean. We enjoyed a very nice dinner at the hotel restaurant as well. I would absolutely stay there again.	
Dec 4 2008 	3rd visit	This was our third stay at the Orchard. Great location, friendly and helpful staff. Clean modern well decorated rooms.	
Dec 4 2008 	Loved the Hotel - Perfect for us	This hotel was absolutely perfect for us. The location was great (we wanted to be near all the touristy stuff, but out of the Tenderloin), the staff were helpful and warm, and the bed, oh the bed was so incredibly huge and comfy! The room (street side, 8th floor) was surprisingly quiet. Occasionally we could hear a tiny clang clang of the cable car, and that's it! No neighbour noise either. There was a wonderful brochure listing all sorts of green places, and the products were all organic and nice (even if the shampoo didn't do the greatest job, it smelled great). The fridge was packed, though we didn't use anything there (we used it for storing our own water and drinks). I really can't say enough about this hotel - we will stay there again for sure!!	
Dec 3 2008 	Loved it.........	Fantastic hotel. Arrived at the start of October. The hotel is in a perfect location. This was the last hotel we stayed in over a four week trip and was almost certainly the best. Cable car is just on the corner and Union Square one block away. The hotel is really clean, very well presented and the rooms are spacious. Staff were very polite and helpful. Would happily book here again if I returned to SF. Not particularly cheap, but we got a good deal via Hotels.com and I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. Well worth the money.	
Dec 1 2008 	Loved it	We are from holland and stayed here for 6 nights. We loved everything about it. The room, the staf and the location. Just a few meters away from the cabel car stop (buy a ticket for three days, and you can use all muni transportation, incl. cable car, for 18USD).To union square and chinatown only five minute walk. Free wifi in the room. If we ever have to stay in San Francisco again, we definitly book this hotel again.	
Nov 29 2008 	Clean and Quiet Union Square Hotel	This place is a good find, near Union Square. Just off Powell Street, The Orchard is quiet while being in the middle of Union Square excitement. Powell Street cable stop is steps away. Get the multiday cable car/bus pass at Walgreens a block away. My only complaint is with the in-room single cup coffee maker. It makes a single very weak cup of coffee and you only get one reg and one decaf pod.	
Nov 23 2008 	Great location great hotel	This is a fantastic little hotel in a great location - right at Powell and Bush. Easy walk to virtually everything, right on the cable car line. The rooms are very large, very quiet and well appointed. The bathrooms are huge. There is free wifi, a small workout room and a DVD player in each room with free movies in the lobby. Recommend very highly.	
Nov 22 2008 	Solid stay at Orchard	We booked the Orchard Hotel based on three things; positive Trip Advisor Reviews, price, and location. Overall it was worth it. We were early for checkin by a couple hours and our Deluxe King Room wasn't ready so they upgraded us to a suite, so we were off to a very good start! The suite was superb, very spacious and very nice. Overall we thought the reception service was excellent, doormen were top drawer, location was great, and noise from adjacent rooms and street was nil. We did not eat at their restaurant, but were in the lounge for a few hours one evening with mediocre service. We agree with prior reviews that this hotel is not exactly &quot;boutique&quot;, as it is more of a simple and efficient &quot;medium to high end&quot; hotel with a great location just a couple blocks from Union Square and on the Cable Car route. This was our second trip to San Fran and this hotel was much better than the one we stayed at before, in a similar location for about the same price.	
Nov 21 2008 	Just average	An average hotel, I can't see why it is rated no 3 in San Francisco. It does have good size rooms, good location &amp; some of the doorman are friendly &amp; helpful. But the decor is tired &amp; the breakfast isn't worth it. Pay for room only &amp; eat your breakfast somewhere else. Also found that you had to ask for coffee at breakfast, it was never offered. Some people describe this hotel as a Boutique hotel, it isn't. It's not modern enough &amp; no thought has gone into the decor.If you stay here you will neither be impressed or annoyed, as I've already said it's just an average hotel and you can pay less for an average hotel.	
Nov 19 2008 	Highly recommend	Searched for a hotel in our price range in the city and went with this recommendation from a friend. We were pleased with our stay in every respect. No troubles with reservation made through Expedia -- in fact, they confirmed; I did not need to. Staff were service oriented and friendly. Room was large, comfy, clean, great bathroom. Exceeded expectations. No noise and easy valet parking. A great stay!	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel	The reviews I read were so good I had to see for myself. The Orchard reminds me of the top notch European boutique hotels I prefer when in Europe. The hotel is near the Powell street cable car, which is convenient; however, we thought it would be noisy. The room also faced Bush Street, and again we thought it would be noisy. Surprise, with the double glaze windows the room was plenty quiet. I would like to discourage people from going there, so that the prices don't go up and so that I won't have a problem getting a room next time I am overnight in SF; but in good conscience, I can't do that. The Orchard is a great boutique hotel.	
Nov 16 2008 	Orchard --a Tale of Two Hotels	The Orchard Hotel has two locations--one at the top of the hill on Bush street, the other at the bottom. There are distinct differences between the two properties. The hotel at the bottom of the hill is new and has good amenities, such as a computer room and a gym. The hotel at the top of hill is older and has one computer at the front desk and a gym with broken equipment. Further, the older property tends to be noiser, though the rooms tend to be larger. Our experience was extremely mixed. Some staff were extremely cooperative and proactive if there were any questions or concerns, others were not. Do not want to say that this was a thoroughly unpleasant experience, but a lot of improvement is needed for the Orchard to truly be considered a strong property.	
Nov 12 2008 	Still the San Francisco Favorite	It has been about four years since I've traveled to San Francisco for business. I was so pleased to return to the Orchard Hotel and find the same great rooms and friendly staff. The restaurant has changed slightly and though they no longer offer free breakfast, the Steele cut oatmeal was delicious. For a downtown hotel, the bathrooms are super spacious and the beds are filled with comfortable down pillows that make for a great night's sleep.The location right off Powell Street is very convenient for getting around the city. I will continue to make this my first choice hotel for visiting San Francisco.	
Nov 11 2008 	recommendation	excellent hotel, well located in SanFrancisco. Nice clean large room.. Good deals at this hotel from hotelclub.com	
Nov 10 2008 	Excellent Hotel	This was our first visit to SF and we booked online. We stayed there primarily because they advertised they were a green hotel. We were very happy with our accomodations. They upgraded us to a suite because the room we wanted was no longer available, at no extra charge. The room was very clean and neat. The bed was very comfy. The service was excellent. I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone staying in SF. By the way, the cable car stop is right at the corner!	
Nov 10 2008 	Best Hotel in San Francisco	The Orchard Hotel is a small boutique hotel at the corner of Bush and Powell.It is a great place to stay whether on business or pleasure. The staff is very pleasant and helpful. Daffodil’s serves a fresh healthy California cuisine with delightful service. I entertained clients at Daffodil’s and they were very impressed.The rooms are large for the San Francisco Market and were very comfortable; beds and pillows were terrific.This was my first stay but will not be my last.Thanks you to all that made my stay so pleasant.	
Nov 8 2008 	Worth its place at the top of the ratings	We chose this hotel for a 7-night stay October 14-21, on the strength of its high rating on this site and the reviews. We were certainly not disappointed! Staff were friendly, right from the initial welcome, and able to advise on things like what bus to catch to the Golden Gate bridge. The requests we made at the time of booking were met.Location - near the intersection of Bush &amp; Powell Streets, convenient for Union Square shops, cable cars, Chinatown, and easy to get to just about everywhere else. A safe area, with enough places to eat nearby.Facilities - a moderately sized hotel, with 10 floors but only about 12 rooms on each floor. Elevators always arrived promptly. Ice machines are on every third floor, but hidden away behind doors so you may need to ask at reception where they are. There is a laptop at reception for customer use, useful for checking emails, checking in for return flights, etc.Room - the hotel met our request for a high floor and there was no external or internal noise. Also the room did not face onto the street. A good size room with plenty of places to put things. A very comfortable king size bed. Air conditioning was quiet and could be adjusted for the desired temperature. En-suite bathroom with bath/shower - not a big bath but I hate it when a hotel only offers you a shower! The worst thing I can say about the room is that the plug in the washbasin allowed water to slowly trickle out.Breakfast - choice of a la carte or buffet. The buffet selection was rather limited (only one type of meat, for example) and the price was much the same as for a la carte so we went for the menu choice. I recommend the salmon. Typical cost 15-20 dollars.Dinner - we only ate in on the first night, preferring to sample what was on offer in the area. Good, but not a wide menu selection.Price - we booked through Expedia who were doing a special room rate of 143.30 UK pounds per night including all taxes etc, but excluding breakfast. Certainly worth it at this price. That was back in the summer when you got 2 dollars to the pound - happy days!Conclusion - would we choose this hotel again if we returned to San Francisco? Definitely we would - at the right price!Eating out tip - try the various European cuisines in Belden Place, which connects Bush St and Pine St (between Kearny &amp; Montgomery). Plenty of choice, plus the chance to eat out of doors (with heaters when it gets a bit chilly), and you might even end up talking to your neighbour! Oh, and this city certainly takes its wine seriously, with just about everywhere offering a wide range of Californian and other wines.Transport tip - a MUNI passport covers buses and cable cars and is good value, especially if you intend to ride the cable cars a lot as they cost 5 dollars a time otherwise. 1-day &amp; 3-day passports can be bought at Walgreen's about a block from the hotel towards Union Square. For a 7-day passport costing 24 dollars go to the booth that sells theatre tickets on Union Square.	
Nov 8 2008 	Prefect!	The Orchard has had some pretty good reviews on Tripadvisor and deservedly so . A very pleasant place to stay right in the centre of Downtown San Francisco.Excellent check in - very friendly and quick. The room (more likea suite) was excellent - large living area and completely separate large bedroom (with door to shut yourself off completely). Very spacious, well appointed and clean bathroom. Right next to the elevator - usually a sign of a noisy night. Not here - didn't hear a thing all the time I was there.Didn't take my laptop but there's one in the lobby you can use for free.	
Nov 8 2008 	great place super location	We stayed there for two nights and really liked the place. The room was big enough for us with a nice bathroom and super comfortable beds and pillows. They have a DVD player in the rooms and one can rent films for free at the reception, a nice feature. The staff was always friendly but during peak times the place seemed to be a bit understaffed which presented itself by staff being a bit stressed and short with the customers. This is not a big deal but it would be better if the staff could spend more time with the guests, even during peak hours. Our booking included breakfast but I suggest that you find another place to eat. We only ate from the buffet and it was not very inspiring with very little choice and a few flies around the fruit, not too nice. Don’t bother with their breakfast and book room only. All in all we had a great time in San Francisco and enjoyed the Orchard very much (the breakfast was a minor thing for us and made no difference, the DVD offer more than compensated for that aspect).	
Nov 7 2008 	Great hotel in excellent location	This is a great hotel in a perfect location near Union Square.It has no pretentions of glamour, but the room was spacious, very quiet (no street noise at all) and the king size bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept in. The bathroom was well appointed and roomy.All the Orchard staff were friendly and helpfulStrongly recommended.	
Nov 6 2008 	Lovely hotel right in the heart of San Fran	We decided to end our 2 week Californian honeymoon with 6 nights in San Francisco. After reading the good reviews of the Orchard we booked via Expedia and got a really good rate. First impression of the hotel was really good, the staff on reception were very welcoming, gave us maps and guides and explained where the cable car stop was and where the hotel was located. They couldn't have been more helpful.Our room was spacious and clean with an enormous bed and large bathroom. It was also quiet apart from the odd cable car bell. We were particularly impressed with the free wifi from the laptop on reception and the free DVD hire - something we welcomed after a day's sightseeing.The hotel is 5 mins walk downhill to Union Sq and the main shops. It is also on the cable car stop of Powell and Bush which was ideal for exploring San Fran. However we walked from the hotel along the Embarcadero and down to Fisherman's Wharf as the queues for cable cars were really long. We were there during Fleet Week so it was very busy. All in all, the hotel is in an ideal location for both sightseeing, shopping and generally exploring San Fran. We couldn't fault the service at the hotel and all staff were extremely friendly. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends and would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Loved it!	My Wife and I stayed for 5 nights at the Orchard and found it great value for money: very spacious, clean rooms with all the amenities. Superbly located in the heart of SF. It was a bargain too since we found an &quot;early rate&quot; through Hotels.com (but I recommend to ALWAYS check if the rate in the hotel website are same or better than Hotels.com, and if you do book through Hotels.com, to call the hotel 2 weeks before arival to make sure they got the reservation etc).Only tip is to ask for upper floors (street noise could trouble). Highly Recommended!	
Nov 2 2008 	Th Orchard Hotel is first rate for service and quality	I stayed at the Orchard for the JavaOne conference. The hotel was recommended to me by a colleague who stayed there for a previous JavaOne event. I am very glad that I took his recommendation. My stay was absolutely first class. The service was excellent, right from the very first moment I was welcomed. The room was clean and spacious, with every facility you could want. I plan to go to JavaOne next year and intend to stay there again, it was so good. My room was well serviced and the staff were always very helpful and polite.The location was quite a distance from the conference but I didn't mind. The restaurant is IMO a bit overpriced so I had only one meal there. But it was very good with very good service.It was not a cheap stay but I intend to go again because it was such a good stay, so I think it does offer good value for money.	
Oct 23 2008 	Cool on The Orchard	The Orchard is beautifully located near the corner of Powell and Bush and with easy access to the cable car. The rooms were clean, comfortable and well serviced. However it appears to be some time since the rooms were redecorated. Reception staff were friendly and helpful and the availability of fresh fruit at the reception counter was welcome.However the included buffett breakfast was boring, with little choice. Furthermore it is difficult to understand if the breakfast is included in the room tariff and is a buffett (ie serve yourself) why the floor staff insist on advising you that a tip is expected.Overall the Orchard represents poor value and at the tariff paid I think better value can be had elsewhere	
Oct 22 2008	What a little gem....	I am in the business ( licensed sightseeing guide, NYC) and a friend and business associate who is a travel agent in Massachusetts booked this trip for us, coming in 3 days early for a 10 day cruise on the Star Princess out of San Francisco.Loved this little hotel, reminded me of some I stayed in inEurope. Very clean and quiet and right off the Powell &amp; Hydecable car line on the corner. Great location; nice people. Very comfortable bed, etc. and elegant understated furnishings.Would be happy to come back.	
Oct 21 2008 	A Perfect Weekend	We arrived from the east coast at 9:30 a.m. on a busy marathon weekend expecting to be turned away until the afternoon. Not only did the staff invite us to check into our room immediately, they upgraded us to a suite free of charge. The rooms were spacious and clean, the bathroom was huge, the bed was comfortable and the hotel was quiet with just the muffled sound of the cable car bells every once in a while. The Orchard is in the heart of the city, close to the best shopping and dining, yet it feels private and calm. The staff was wonderful at anticipating our every need (box breakfasts were available for race participants, choice of several newspapers, turn-down service with chocolates, free fruit) and could not have been nicer every time we passed through the lobby. After the race, we were allowed a late check-out (2:00) and since our flight didn't leave until 10 p.m., the hotel desk people locked up our bags, printed our boarding passes, and then had a town car waiting for us to go to the airport (for the same price as a taxi). We will definitely stay here again. The suite was plenty big enough for a couple of kids too if you're traveling with family. This was one of those rare weekends when everything just seemed to be going our way and the Orchard played a big part in making it special. The employees really seem to like their jobs and know how to make guests feel welcome.	
Oct 20 2008 	fabulous hotel	The Hotel met every expectation we had. It was centrally located. We had a quick walk to the shopping and financial district and could easily walk to China Town, Embarqadero, Fisherman's Wharfe etc.The staff were friendly and accommodating. The room was spacious, functional and clean.My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would reccomend the hotel to anyone.	
Oct 15 2008 	Another Outstanding Stay at the O!	Just had my annual stay at the Orchard, and as usual, it was an oasis of calm and comfort in the midst of a chaotic business trip. I would not stay at another hotel in San Francisco--the value at the Orchard cannot be beat. The rooms are a nice size compared to many boutique hotels in the area, with quite a large bathroom--plenty of counterspace for a lady to spread out her necessities! The down comforter, crisp linens, and fluffy pile of pillows make for a wonderful night's sleep, as does the individually-controlled air conditioning--another item missing from many SF hotels in this range of quality. Lovely robes, nice toiletries, and plenty of room to pack away your things all add up to an incredibly comfortable stay.Free internet adds to the allure, as does the excellent room service provided by the restaurant downstairs. Food is really good and always arrives promptly and at the right temperature--best of all, The O is thoughtful in providing the appropriate condiments and utensils--things you may not have thought about yourself! The daily maid service is unobtrusive and consistent--I have never failed to have exactly what I need or requested provided promptly. And best of all, the service and attitude of the staff are just amazing. They respond with friendly professionalism and never fail to offer a smile along with their excellent service! And all of this at an excellent value in a truly convenient location. What more could you ask for?I highly recommend this hotel to people who want to feel comfortable and welcomed and prefer a quiet, traditional-style hotel to the newer &quot;hip&quot; hotels full of sleek, minimalist decor. The Orchard is, admittedly, showing a wee bit of wear, but like the grand dame she is, her put-you-at-ease personality is like your favorite aging aunt--you love her all the more for her little cosmetic flaws. Everything is spotlessly clean and fresh, and all you will find are a few worn spots on the edges of furniture or carpet--certainly nothing that will spoil the experience.I won't stay anywhere else in San Francisco. The Orchard Hotel is my home away from home, and I wish there was one in every city!	
Oct 15 2008 	Great hotel in a central SF location!	My partner and I stayed in the Orchard Hotel for our first visit to San Francisco. Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor we decided to go ahead and book for 7 nights direct on their website.After reading in a TimeOut guidebook that if possible you should get a suite we contacted the hotel about this and although we didn't want to pay to upgrade, they were kind enough to put us as requesting an upgrade if one was available at check-in. To our joy we found out on arrival they had put us into a king suite for free!The room was great, we had views out onto Bush street and down to the financial district, a separate living room to the bedroom and a wonderful bathroom with both a good size bath and a large shower cubical. My only criticism of the room is that I was expecting a more modern look to the rooms, although the décor was not to my personal opinion of a boutique hotel it was still new, clean and comfortable.We had 2 televisions in the room (one in the bedroom and one the living room) although these were old CRT screens when I would have expected flatscreen technology. The living room also had a DVD player with a library of DVDs available from the front desk. Free wi-fi was also included in the stay, which came in very handy with checking back home and when booking some tickets during our stay.On our first evening we used the room service to eat as we were a bit worn out from flying, and the food was very good - I can highly recommend the risotto!Overall this is a great hotel, the staff were very helpful when we needed them and were always available to offer information or to book a towncar/taxi to various locations and back to the airport.	
Oct 15 2008 	Great stay at the orchard	we had an exellent stay at the orchard hotel! friendly staff and great location :)	
Oct 13 2008	A comfortable Hotel in a reasonable Location	A comfortable Hotel it a good LocationThe hotel is in very good condition and the rooms are generous in size and well appointed. While not a new hotel it is in very good condition relative to its age. We enjoyed our one night stay and it was a very quiet and relaxed stay. Location is good being within walking distance of downtown and Union Square and very close to the tram line. A good option	
Oct 13 2008 	Great place to stay	My wife and I just returned from a long week-end stay at the Orchard. We chose the Orchard because of the reviews and rating on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. For the price, the location is great and the rooms are very clean and comfortable. The cable car is just at the corner and the bus stop to the Fisherman's Wharf is a five minutes walk. We had rented a vehicle but hardly used it since parking is expensive and hard to find. We used Valet parking for $40 a day. We were traveling somewhere else after San Francisco and needed a car, otherwise you don't need it if you're just staying in San Francisco. The transit system is very good.There is a very good cafe just around the corner and a good pizza parlor just across the street if you don't mind the wait (long lineup). Union Square is also very closeby for shopping.The hotel provides a nice collection of DVD's to watch in your room and a wireless connection (Wi-Fi). If you don't have your laptop, there is a complimentary computer in the lobby to surf the internet or check e-mails.Although very friendly, the staff were not very helpful with the local attractions info and not very good at recommending restaurants.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great location and service for 20 year anniversary	I am so glad I read previous Trip Advisor reviews. That is the reason why I booked this hotel for our stay. It definitely lived up to it's praise. We happened to be traveling for our 20th wedding anniversary and were looking for different hotels for each night of our trip. The Orchard definitely met our needs. When we got to the front desk they had bumped us up to a suite which was huge and luxurious. That was definitely a nice bonus. The location of the hotel was perfect for walking to shops and restaurants. It was also so close to the cable cars that it was an easy &quot;hop on and off&quot;. We did rely on the staff to recommend lunch and dinner spots. It worked out well. The only negative was the &quot;work out&quot; room. It really is just one of the regular hotel rooms that they placed a bike and treadmill in. The TV did not work and there were no lights in the room. Other than that, it was perfect and I would definitely recommend for your stay.	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Place	We stayed at this hotel for the first two nights of our honeymoon (they didn't even know this and we got upgraded to a suite - lucky us!). It is a perfect location for discovering the city, with quiet rooms, a great European-style breakfast in the morning, and friendly staff. Simple, but modern and tasteful decor in the rooms - and most importantly, clean! If you have a car, park it at the nearby public Stockton/Sutter garage a block and a half away - it's much cheaper than using the valet. We booked this hotel based on the TripAdvisor recommendation, and we were not disappointed.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great Stay at the Orchard Hotel	Recently completed a three night stay at the Orchard Hotel. Our room was well appointed, very comfortable, and very quiet. The hotel is centrally located and the staff helpful. The Orchard offers a compelling value when compared to other hotels in the area.	
Oct 4 2008	Great Locations	We chose the Orchard because of the reviews and rating on Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. For the price, the location is great and the rooms have clearly been updated and the beds are extremely comfortable.However, our room was clearly a small one, judging by other comments and looking at the escape route room plans posted on each floor! This was disappointing because the room was what one could only describe as a standard size and not particularly generous. I do not know if this was allocated because we booked through an on-line agent and we were also allocated the 4th floor with views directly into the Art University classroom next door. Not a chance of drawing back the net curtains. I had requested a room higher up, but to no avail.All staff were helpful and friendly and the availability of restaurants, proximity to Union Square and many more sights within walking distance plus the cable car right outside made this a very good choice of hotel.	
Oct 4 2008 	Good value on Expedia deal	Conv location. Quiet clean room. Comfortable beds, extra large bathroom. Fantastic half price pre paid Expedia deal made excellent value. Cornell the concierge very helpful provided you tip.Free internet to print boarding pass, nice touch.	
Oct 4 2008 	Clean and beautiful	We arrived at The Orchard and loved the location and style of the building. The lobby is well appointed and the staff was incredible. We (and our friends) were upgraded to suites and they were spacious and clean, clean, clean! There's a great pizza place on the corner and the cable cars are closeby. A great hotel at any price and a suite bargain with the free upgrade for around $200 per night. We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 3 2008 	Perfect Location great hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Orchard in late September for our anniversary celebration. We were seeking a reasonably priced boutique hotel with a good central location for seeing San Francisco - the Orchard delivered! This was a perfectly located hotel - ideal for walking around Union Square and for getting to good restaurants. The hotel was clean, spacious for city accomodations and had nice ammenities. We found the noise levels to be very good considering we were right on a busy city block - we had no trouble sleeping. Let me qualify by saying that we live in N. VA in a quiet suburb where there are hardly any noises accept the horses and cows that reside nearby. Our only complaint was our very noisy neighbors who partied from 1:30am to 5:30am. Here the hotel could have improved - the ability to clearly hear your neighbors in the next door room was shocking. Service was friendly and efficient and our special requests (high floor and late check out) were honored with a smile. We would stay here again when visiting San Fran.	
Oct 1 2008	Fantastic hotel	The staff at this hotel were superb from start to finish and the rooms and location were great, very close to Chinatown and many bars, restaurants and shops - I would definitely stay hereagain and recommend it to others - a very personal feel to the hotel.	
Sep 28 2008 	Great Value Hotel Close to Union Square	Booked to stay at The Orchard based on the reviews on Tripadvisor and wasn't disappointed. The room was a really good size with lovely bathroom. Everything was very clean and the staff were really friendly. The location of the hotel was perfect, meaning you could easily walk to Union Square, Chinatown and North Beach. In summary, a really nice hotel, offering great value in a great location with really friendly staff - stay here!	
Sep 24 2008 	Fantastic stay	We trusted Tripadvisor with this hotel, and it was a very good choice. Great location, friendly staff, and excellent quality-price ratio. It was the perfect choice for a romantic trip to San Francisco.	
Sep 23 2008 	Very pleasant	The Orchard was everything you'd expect from a nice, moderately priced boutique hotel. Every member of the staff was very outgoing and helpful. They made sure to ask me what time I'd be out of my room each day so that they could plan housekeeping services, and hailed cabs for me whenever I needed them. Loved the bath products, down comforter, and very comfy bed. The free wifi was easy to connect to and totally reliable. Just a couple of blocks from Union Square, the Orchard's location can't be beat.	
Sep 19 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Fabulous Location	We had a wonderful stay at the Orchard. The front desk staff was so very helpful directing us about the city. We were mere steps from the Powell Street cable car line (get the muni pass!), two blocks from the Chinatown gate, a few blocks from Union Square and about a 20 minute walk to the Ferry Building or Fisherman's Wharf. Our room was on the 5th floor overlooking Bush street, we could see the top of the Mark Hopkins out our windows. Bed was quite comfy although our pillows were a bit squishy for my taste. The room and bathroom were both large, clean and bright. I'd definitely stay here again without thinking twice.	
Sep 14 2008 	Ticks all the boxes	We booked a double and a twin room well in advance and phoned the day before to confirm. However, on arrival we were given two doubles which was really inappropriate for the people involved. They ended up having a roll-away bed for the night. The staff were a bit dismissive about the whole episode and didn't really want to know. The next day, a twin was made available and after a great deal of negotiation, the people involved got a free breakfast. Other than that, a great little hotel. Centrally located. Short stroll down to Union Square and a 5 minute tram or taxi to Fishermans Wharf. The bar was friendly and had good happy hour offers on drinks and snacks. The rooms were comfortable and well appointed. Personally, I would stay in the Fishermans Wharf region of SFO if I were to return. There was a greater choice of restaurants and generally more going on in the evenings.	
Sep 12 2008 	Loved the Orchard Hotel	Everything was perfect with my stay at the Orchard Hotel. Upon my arrival, I was greeted by the doorman, Bob. He came to my car and took my baggage and walked me to the front desk. Bob was extremely friendly At the front desk I was greeted by Grace. She was extremely friendly, telling me all the details about the hotel and giving me a code for the free high speed internet access. She also offered me a selection of movies that I could borrow and take to my room to play in the DVD player. My room was spacious and charming. I decided to grab a late night bite to eat. I went to the front desk and Grace recommended a wonderful restaurant right down the hill called Scala's. The I retreated to my comfy bed with remote control in hand and snack from the mini bar to turn in for the night. The next morning, I got my wake up call promptly at 5:45am by an actual live person and started to get ready for my day. The bathroom was spacious and had a separate tub and shower. The EO products were wonderful. I checked out and stored my luggage. Later that afternoon Bob greeted me, called for my car, got my luggage out of storage and helped place my bags in my car, as I went on my way home.	
Sep 5 2008 	A Wonderful Experience	My first impression was very favorable because the hotel honored a less expensive rate I found on Travelocity and Expedia. From there it only got better! The room was large and wonderfully appointed - and I love a bathroom that is roomy and has lots of counter space! Breakfast was very reasonable and the presentation was equal to any place we have ever been - very nicely done. We came back to the hotel in the middle of the afternoon and the bar person served us a drink even though they weren't technically open. The lady at the front desk assisted me with printing my boarding passes...really, everything and everyone was just great. Our room fronted on the street so we did hear some noises during the night, but the bed was so soft there was no problem falling back to sleep. And the location is great - just off Union Square - so, if you are a walker it's perfect.I highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 3 2008 	The Orchard is OK Depending on Your Needs	I went to San Francisco as a single traveler/tourist for a few days, and my goal was to find a hotel that was clean, comfortable, and affordable. I did get what I was looking for. There were a few quirks that made me decide I'd never stay here again though. The acoustics are pretty poor, I could easily hear pipes and sinks running in rooms adjacent to mine, and my toilet made a wheezing, cricket-like noise almost constantly. The carpet looks a bit dated, its obvious that this is an older hotel that was recently renovated. The website promotes wifi, but I had problems getting access and had to get a short ethernet cord from the desk, it defeated the purposed of wireless and left me stuck at the desk. It has an old fashioned style, but clean, spacious rooms and nice staff. If you want to be completely satisfied, pay the extra money and stay at a 4 star hotel, if you need quick comfort, stay here. Its right next to a major stop for the cable cars, and about four blocks away from a BART station. Places to eat are very close by, and Chinatown and Union Square are less than 15 minutes away.	
Aug 31 2008 	Wonderful hotel in the heart of SF	This hotel deserves the reviews it gets. The rooms are clean and comfortable, the staff are friendly and helpful. The doorman that we passed twice a day (or more) was a real highlight. He was friendly, helpful and welcoming; he always put a smile on our faces.The rooms are large and bright. The bathroom was huge and was very clean. The robes were a nice touch for a standard room and although the wireless was a little spotty there was an ethernet port, so it was not an issue.They have DVDs to lend and there are lots of tv channels so it's easy to find something to watch after a long day. They also have fruit out at night if you desire a healthy snack!The hotel is right next to a cable car stop and most of the time you can get on, if not it's two blocks to the california line and it's never as busy as the powel line.	
Aug 30 2008 	just the job!	Stayed for 5 nights - perfect location for touring the city, the most comfortable bed you could ever imagine, immaculately clean, helpful staff... just book it - you won't find better for the price!	
Aug 26 2008 	Great stay at the Orchard	Spent 6 days at the Orchard -- and didn't want to leave! A perfect location, spectacular service, wonderful rooms -- and extremely comfortable beds! What else could you want? We requested the honor bar items removed, so we could bring in our own drinks, etc. A great location, next to Powell on Bush -- close to lots of restaurants and shopping. Had a room on the 10th floor overlooking Bush and didn't hear any street noise. Each hotel employee we came into contact with was professional and more than helpful. Ask about great restaurants! Clean, well-kept and well appointed. The DVD library was also a great addition. There is a reason why this hotel is rated so highly. They truly deserve it. You won't be disappointed!	
Aug 25 2008	Fantastic Boutique Hotel!	Room:We had a queen-sized room that faced the hotel across the alley. The lack of view wasn't a huge concern; we could still hear the trolley go by but were spared most other traffic noise. The bed was fabulous, with fresh linens and a down duvet. The room was fairly good-sized, with a table, armoire, etc. Bath products were from Aveda -- yum!Extras:We enjoyed the best continental breakfast EVER in the restaurant downstairs. Fresh coffee, cold cuts, fruit, toast/bagels, you name it. It was a very relaxing start to a busy SF day.Reservations:I made reservations off of the hotel website, which sometimes offers specials that Expedia misses. The price for this hotel is fairly reasonable, given the central location and quality of the hotel. Location:Right off of Powell Street, above Union Square. I used to live in this neighborhood and loved the proximity to shopping, great restaurants, and the downtown atmosphere. The lower Nob Hill/upper Union Square location means you'll feel safe walking down the street. Note that parking will run you around $30/night, either through the hotel valet or any of the lots down the street.	
Aug 25 2008 	Perfect stay!!!	We stay at Orchard for 3 days in a King suite and we found the room very clean, with a lot of amenities, nice decored, with a large bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpfull. Great location and hotel not so pricey.	
Aug 25 2008 	Totally overrated	There were a myriad of little things that made our stay at this hotel forgettable and irritating. We stayed here along with a few other people and each of us independently had similar problems with our the hotel and the staff. To start, the room wasn't ready until well after the time they said it would be available. The rooms themselves are fine, but the air conditioning fails sometime around 1 AM leaving the room stuffy until 5ish. Although there is internet, the desks aren't set up for business travel, having no laptop-accessible outlets. Also, the room card keys repeatedly failed, forcing us to trek back down to the front desk to ask for new keys. The front desk seemed perpetually unsurprised and unconcerned about this; we never received an apology for the inconvenience. Also, we asked the front desk to arrange a car service for us on the second night of our stay. After taking down the information and the time they promptly forgot to actually call and make the arrangements. Finally, they lost our friend's rental car in the valet. After giving them her ticket, they promptly returned with the wrong car. It took them over half an hour to find the right car.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Room and Great Location	I booked this room through Expedia and after reading the reviews from Trip Advisor I was expecting to find a boutique (i.e. small) hotel room. I was pleasantly surprised to see the size of the room to be quite large. The location of the hotel is also great, as it is a few blocks from Union Square.The one negative regarding the hotel (not just the hotel but anywhere in San Francisco) is the parking situation. I believe the valet parking is $45/night, but I found parking offsite for $20/night. The public transportation is quite good, so once I parked the car, I never took it out again until we were leaving.I would definitley stay at the Orchard again.	
Aug 18 2008 	Central location; helpful staff; comfortable	My wife and I (late 50s) stayed at the Orchard Hotel for 4 nights in late June 2008.Location: very convenientThe hotel, at the intersection of Bush St and Powell St, is a few minutes walk (up a steep hill) from Union Square. A cable car stops right outside but was often full.Food: goodWe ate breakfast once in the hotel and would recommend it. Next door is a very busy, small restaurant, Roxanne's, which serves good breakfasts.Room: comfortableThe room was comfortable, spacious enough, quiet and typical of many we stayed in during our 3 week holiday in the US south-west. There was a safe in the room (free of charge).Parking: didn't have a carParking charges in the hotel appeared expensive. We got a pre-booked mini-bus (Lorries) from the airport to the hotel: this was very satisfactory. We used the excellent public transport and didn't hire a car (or need one) until we were leaving San Francisco.Staff: helpfulWe had a problem with our mobile phone and a staff member gave us helpful, friendly and very valuable advice on how to overcome our difficulty.OverallIf we return to San Francisco the Orchard will be at the very top of our list of hotels to check out. We definitely recommend it.	
Aug 18 2008	The Orchard--A Return to Civility	The Orchard offered us a comfortable, friendly and enjoyable stay during a recent two day trip to San Franscisco. The rooms were comfortable, the continental breakfast was extensive. Best of all the staff made every effort to anticipate and support our needs for a comfortable stay. The Bellman/Concierge was especially helpful and knowlegable and steered us to great restaurants and went &quot;beyond the call of duty&quot; in helping us to problem solve some unrelated logistical issues.	
Aug 12 2008 	The Orchard Hotel - Excellent location	Comfortable well presented rooms, friendly and efficient staff all in a good city centre location. Excellent choice for a few days in San Francisco with shops, sights and restaurants all on the doorstep and not too far to climb!	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Place Moldy bathroom	This hotel is a great place to stay and excellent location being next to Powell and Bush st. cable car stop. Easy walk to everything.Only flaw was the bathroom had heavy mold.	
Aug 9 2008 	Terrific rooms	I travel to SF frequently and have passed this hotel without noticing it many times. The TripAdvisor reviews we so good I decided to try it last week. I'm glad I did.Thhe rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable. My king bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was big and bright. Breakfast buffet was good, too.This hotel is located on Nob Hill and is a convenient walk to the Financial District, Union Square and China Town. The Powell St. cable car goes right by it.	
Aug 8 2008 	So nice so friendly	I have just come back from San Francisco and I must say I loved The Orchard Hotel a lot. We were 3 in our party and we enjoyed the King suite, which was sooooo nice: 2 wonderful and well furnished rooms + a very large bathroom with bathtub and shower. The service was also very good and friendly, everything good they have said about this hotel I confirm! My feeling while I was staying there was of home away from home...pity our holiday is over, but I would like to come back to the Orchard.	
Aug 4 2008 	Ticks All The Boxes!	I Stayed at the Orchard Hotel as part of a holiday on the west coast. The hotel is situated on bush st, about 2 blocks from Union Square where you will find plenty of shops to suit all tastes. Chinatown is located 2 mins away and downtown is at the end of the street.You can catch a cable car from the corner of the hotel that will take you up the steep hills. If you have a car the doorman (Cornell) will park and return your car as and when you need it this was very very useful as parking in SF can be a nightmare!The hotel itself is very very clean and comfertable. The bathroom is well above average size and the rooms are well kept and offer views of Bush St and downtown on request. The maid service is very efficient and beds are turned down every evening which is a lovely touch after returning from a busy day sightseeing!The breakfast in the hotel is buffet or a la carte, which consists of the usual things (cereal, bread, cakes and coffee etc) The service can be quite slow so if your in a rush it might be better to head to one of the many cafes or coffee shops around the hotel.The staff in the hotel simply cant do enough for you! They make conversation andassist you with any questions you may have. Ypou can also change travelers checks at the main desk which is very handy if banks are closed. All in all the Orchard Hotel is a brilliant hotel that ticks all the boxes, it may not be the cheapest but you certainly get what you pay for. I highly recomend this hotel for a hassle free, enjoyable stay in San Francisco.	
Jul 31 2008	A Hidden Treasure	Just like a majority of San Francisco Hotels, the Orchard rooms are on the smaller side, not tiny, just smaller. Though they do have large bathrooms and well lighted, with Aveda Products! I was very impressed with the hotel because of it's friendly, welcoming staff, modern rooms and location. The Orchard is in walking distance of Union Square, Financial District &amp; Chinatown. The price was very reasonable ($149 on Friday, for one night, which included parking and continental breakfast.)One very nice amenity of the hotel is there is a DVD player in the room. It was nice to be able to come back, in the evening, and enjoy a movie. They have a nice selection of movies to borrow at no additional charge. Also, the continental breakfast was very yummy and had a nice selection. With the high cost of hotels in San Francicso, this was an excellent, modern hotel with a low budget price.	
Jul 29 2008 	Loved the Orchard Hotel	The staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The rooms were nice and the beds were very comfortable. The extra-large shower was a nice surprise. The wireless internet access was easy to use and consistent. We took advantage of the complimentary DVD movies on the last night, which was a nice way to wind down at the end of the day. We had a package that included breakfast, which was great - lots of fresh fruit was available. No complaints and we'd definitely stay again.	
Jul 27 2008 	an excellent choice as a boutique hotel	Having done some research we chose the Orchard as the first stop of our visit to California in celebration of our 25th wedding anninversary. It was a perfect beginning to our trip. Well located above Union Square and close to Chinatown the staff were so friendly and accommodating. The room was tastefully decorated and serviced twice a day - having the bed turned down at night was a nice touch.As an unexpected bonus we were able to check our emails/internet via a laptop at Reception - very useful for keeping up contact with home in Ireland!!Unfortunately we never availed of the opportunity to eat in the hotel as there are so many excellent restaurants in the area and of course the world famous 'Sears' was just around the corner for breakfast.One thing that will always stay in my memory, and indeed reflects the hospitality of the Orchard, is that, upon meeting the maid every morning she always took time to say hello and wish us a nice day. A small gesture, but it is little things like that which make the Orchard a little more special.If I ever go back to SF it will certainly be my No.1 choice!	
Jul 25 2008 	Nice hotel needs updating and cleaning standards	Chose the hotel due to the ratings. Stayed at room 1010 which is located at the back. Quiet hotel as others guest have pointed out. No minibar! Very quiet aircon that could be adjusted easily. Small hotel and not many guests the 4 nights we stayed there. Located in a nice area with only a couple of minutes walk to the pizza restaurant or convenience store. The cable car stops 50 meters from the entrance! Going downhill on Powell Street you will end up in Union Square with all the shops. Going downhill on Bush street the you will pass the entrance to Chinatown within minutes. Chinafood? Check out the Great Eastern restaurant, great food!The hotel needs an update, its a bit boring compared to its twin sister, The Orchard Garden. What was really dissapointing was the not-so-clean bathroom. There was hair on the doorframe and the walls, and the ceiling was quite discusting. When taking a hot shower there will always be small particles of fat from the skin that stick to the vapour. The fat will deposit on the ceiling and create spots. I informed the front desk about the problem but the problem remained when we left the hotel. The lights on both sides of the mirror were also full of dust. I think it was not solved due to lack of cleaning standards. The person responsible for cleaning the bathroom obviously did not understand the nature of the problem and could not choose the appropriate solution. My point is this; when there is a complaint about the cleanliness of a bathroom, the responsible manager should take immediate action and take a look in detail. A dirty bathroom is a no-no in this business.Othervise, I would recommend the hotel. Tom &amp; Synne	
Jul 23 2008 	Loved the Orchard	After booking another hotel in the city, I found the Orchard on thiswebsite and immediately cancelled the other reservation and booked this one---THANK GOODNESS!!! It was everything wehoped for. It's a beautiful new hotel--very clean and comfortable,and in a great location. Our room was on the 8th floor, facing the street but it was very quiet. The continental breakfast was goodand more than adequate to start your day and all of the staff werevery friendly and helpful. A great bargain for this city.	
Jul 23 2008 	Very comfortable	This hotel has the basics covered very well. Rooms were new, clean, spacious, quiet and very comfortable. There were six different kinds of pillows to ensure the pickiest sleeper (me) had the perfect one. The bathroom vanity had lots of space for my toiletries which I don't always find in a city hotel. I only ate breakfast at the hotel once (food too salty but coffee was amazing) as Sears Diner (best breaki in San Fran) is around the corner as are many great restaurants. The on-site exercise room is small and uninspiring - use the off-site one for a fee. The staff were friendly and sweet and actually kind! Each of my 4 days started with 3 or 4 different staff members wishing me a happy day. The Orchard is a steep uphill block from Union Square - something to keep in mind if you have mobility issues.I have stayed at the Fairmont, Four Seasons and Westin St Francis (among others) and they are fine if you want a grand/posh experience. If, however, you are in San Francisco for San Francisco and not your hotel, the Orchard is perfect. I will be staying at the Orchard every time now.	
Jul 23 2008 	Lovely - But....	A great hotel, lovely rooms and the bed was the best i think ive ever slept in.Only problem were some of the staff. 4 of us stayed who are all mid 20s and we seemed to be treated as unwanted. After a horrible time trying to check in (we were all coming at different times, and one of us having to wait 10 hours before being aloud in the room), we then seemed to be ignored and treated pretty badly, but most of the other guests were always greeted very warmly.This didnt bother us too much but we paid the same money as everyone else and were treated differently.But apart from that a lovely hotel	
Jul 19 2008 	Excellent Hotel!	We stayed here with our fourteen year-old granddaughter for five nights in early July. We had a king suite that was ideal for us since we all had our own space. The entire hotel staff was attentive including the desk people heating a &quot;Hot Pocket&quot; for our granddaughter each morning in the employee lounge. (I would suggest a microwave in the room or at least one in public space.)The hotel was clean as a pin, quiet (9th floor), well located and fully met our expectations. We would definitely stay again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Would Stay Again	We chose the Orchard Hotel for our 3 night stay in San Francisco based on the Trip Advisor reviews and we weren't disappointed. The hotel is a great base for visiting the city as it is only a couple of blocks back from Union Square in the direction of Fisherman's Warf. It is well maintained with helpful staff and good sized bed &amp; bathrooms.We would definitely recommend this hotel for a city break to San Francisco and will stay here again.	
Jul 14 2008 	San Francisco's Gem....	One of San Francisco's small botique hotels. The staff are friendly and courteous. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. Large bathrooms, with quality amenities. You can tell there's someone keeping a close eye to make sure guests are well-treated. This was my third stay at the hotel and definitely won't be my last.	
Jul 14 2008 	Deserves the high rating	There were 6 of us stopping overnight on our way to Napa.We didn't expect to use much of the hotel facililties, so can't comment on that. However, I had the opportunity to view three rooms and they were all very nicely appointed , and clean. Furnishing is contemporary, and TV/DVD are of brand name( Sony) with excellent picture quality( though not LCD). Had our stay been longer, we would have made use of the DVD movies available at front desk. Bathroom is large and bright. The hotel is very central, and there's lots to see within the surrounding blocks. I was very concerned with noise from garbage trucks that was written up previously on this forum, so I asked for a quiet room. Heard nothing! Neither did our friends who stayed down the hall, and those facing the front side of the street.Staff is very friendly, and the conceirge called transportation for us very swiftly. We had valet parking, and it takes 15-20 min to have our car delivered. Breakfast is in a restaurant type setting, but selection is somewhat limited. It offers convenience but not quality.Price is what makes this a top choice for me on my next visit, as it represents great value for such a central and newly furnished hotel.	
Jul 14 2008 	Excellent Hotel for Excellent Price	Well I have to agree with all of the other positive reviews about this hotel. We stayed for seven nights at the height of tourist season and were not disappointed.From the moment we checked in we were impressed, they had the exact room I asked for, high floor, no connecting door and street view, and that's exactly what I got.The staff was super friendly and always asked us if we needed any assistance, the rooms were very clean and big, as was the bathroom. The bartender/waiter in their bar was friendly, polite and always at our service...the happy hour $3 lemon-drop martinis were a great hit after a long day of walking.We got a great deal through Expedia and I can say that we have stayed at far more expensive hotels with far less service and smaller rooms...they even come in and turn your bed down in the late afternoon.Their lobby may be a bit small but who cares I don't stay in hotel lobbies, I stay in hotel rooms and that's where this hotel shines.Also, it is extremely well located, a quick walk to Union Square, the cable care stops right beside the hotel (BTW we didn't hear any cable car noise from our room) and the cable cars take you right down to Fisherman's Wharf, or China Town, or Little Italy.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone; do a good search on the internet because they have some great deals here at different times of the year.	
Jul 14 2008 	Awesome Orchard Hotel on a budget is possible!	We were traveling on a budget, and somehow managed to go during a &quot;slow time&quot; and got our room for $149 a night. We purchased groceries outside of San Fran (we came from Sonora) and brought them to the hotel. We got the key for the refrigerator and emptied out the hotel's pricey contents and put them in a box that the hotel provided so we could put our own food in the fridge instead. That way we were able to eat our breakfasts and lunches without having to pay restaurant prices! At the end of our 3-day stay we put everything from the hotel stock back into the refrigerator and locked it up and returned the key. Worked out great, and the hotel staff helped us keep on our budget without our feeling cheap!We parked our car at a garage just 3 blocks down from the hotel, so we were able to save a bit by not using the valet parking of the hotel. It saved us about $12 each day, which adds up!The people working at the Orchard were extremely helpful and friendly. The doormen were exceptionally nice and willing to help in whatever way they could. The front desk staff was great, too. We tried to tip the maids and doormen for their services and they seemed very appreciative, not like they just expected it. The king sized bed we had was SOOOOOOO comfortable. The comforter on top and the 100% Egyptian cotton sheets were wonderful after a long day of walking around S.F. We also enjoyed watching movies using the free DVDs from the front desk and the DVD player in the room.The Azur brand lotion, body wash, shampoo and conditioner made us feel pampered and smelled so good. We requested that the maid leave some extra and left her a tip, and we were delighted to have a few extra! The large bathroom allowed us to spread out and added to the luxurious atmosphere.The location is excellent. Close to China town, a cable car line, Union Square, etc. The Golden Gate bridge is a short drive away, too.One caution: My knees had serious problems with the incredibly steep streets, even with excellent walking shoes. Take the public transportation whenever possible, and save your legs for seeing the sights! The only downside was our view. We requested a high floor, which they granted. But our &quot;view&quot; was of the top of another building, and other buildings beyond. The location was quiet, however.We loved the Orchard Hotel and appreciated everything that the staff did to make our stay wonderful! Thanks!	
Jul 13 2008 	Glad we stayed at The Orchard!!	My husband and I just stayed at The Orchard Hotel in San Francisco for our 20th wedding anniversary, and it was terrific. The staff was very welcoming, and helpful when we asked questions. The room was very spacious, and very clean. That probably was the most comfortable bed that I have ever slept in! We loved that we did not need to mess with a car, as the hotel is right on a cable car line, and we could buy a multi-day Muni pass reasonably, and ride cable cars and buses for the entire time we were there. We were very close to lots of shopping, and just a cable car ride away from many other attractions. We had breakfast at 2 places that were very close and we would recommend--Roxanne's and Lori's Diner. We also had great pizza at Uncle Vito's right on the corner close to the hotel, and it was reasonably priced!! It was very good too!! It was more pricey, but dinner at Scoma's down on the water one night was terrific too!! The highlight of our trip, was a tour through Napa Valley with the Wine Country Tour Shuttle--it was well worth the money that we spent for that special day!! We are very glad that we stayed at The Orchard, and would stay again in a heart beat!!	
Jul 12 2008 	beautiful room great location	Our room was beautiful, the bed was comfortable, and the staff was friendly and always helpful. The location was ideal. The Chinatown gate was a block away, the cable cars go right by, and there are several good restaurants nearby.	
Jul 8 2008	The Orchard great value for an excellent hotel!	We have stayed at this boutique hotel several times. Now we are traveling with our teenagers/young adults and get them a separate connecting room. The hotel is the best value for the money. Clean, contemporary, easy to get in an out of and a fabulous location. We parked our car and never drove. We walked or took cabs. My husband travels on business and has stopped going to other more expensive chain hotels to stay at the Orchard Inn instead. Give it a try!	
Jul 7 2008 	Honeymoon at the Orchard	My wife and I stayed at the Orchard hotel for our honeymoon. We stayed in one of the hotel's King suites. Upon arrival we were greeted my the doorman who unloaded our car and took our bags inside. The front desk checked us in a went over some of the necessities. The doorman got our room number and told us he would have someone bring our bags to the room for us. When we got off the elevator on our floor we saw the two things one never wants to see next to their room; the elevator and the ice machine. Being easy going people we decided to give it a night to see if the noise levels would be counterproductive to our honeymoon. I am pleased to say that we never heard the elevators, or the ice machine. Which was a huge relief, because when I operated the ice machine I thought I had triggered and avalanche. Our encounters with the hotel staff where always pleasant and friendly. The hotel was clean, and my new wife loved the fact that we received chocolate every night. I would be happy to recommend the Orchard hotel to anyone looking for a hotel in the heart of San Francisco within walking distant of many landmarks, restaurants and entertainment centers.	
Jul 7 2008 	Kudos to The Orchard!	The Orchard is a lovely, affordable oasis near enough but not in the heart of the Union Square rush. The cable car is right on the corner and the bus just a few blocks away making the hotel's location very convenient. The rooms are attractive and clean and were kept that way throughout our stay. The bed was exceptionally comfortable. All personnel we dealt with were friendly and knowledgeable about the city and environs making good recommendations about transportation and places to eat. A nice touch is free DVDs to borrow and play in your room after a long day of sightseeing. We would return to this hotel and recommend it to others as a real value in the heart of the city.	
Jul 7 2008	Hop skip and a jump	We were able to book our room at the last minute which was nice. We live only 60 miles away and sometimes prefer to hop down without plans. The staff was great, the room was nice. We had other plans so were unable to try the restaurant. The location is great for cable car access and Union Square. We will return for sure. The Orchard Garden Hotel is nice also and their restaurant was superb.	
Jul 5 2008 	Green convenient and comfy boutique	Nicely appointed - a little spa like with its streamlined decor, Aveda products, and the wall fountain in the lobby. When you decide to turn in, this makes for a quiet respite from the hustle and bustle outside. My friend and I shared a room w/2 doubles. Beds were comfy, and we found it spacious enough for two girls with large suitcases. And we especially loved that it was walking distance to China Town, Union Square, the Convention Center, North Beach. One night, we ended up eating a late night meal at the restaurant downstairs (Roots) because we were too tired to go out again. We had excellent service, and were pleased to also find that the food was both fresh and well-prepared.	
Jun 30 2008 	Good location just above the chaos of Union Square	We were upgraded to a suite without question when only a king room was available. This speaks to the kind and attentive service we found throughout our stay.	
Jun 30 2008 	EXCELLENT hotel	My boyfriend and friends and I stayed at the Orchard Hotel at the end of this May. I found them through tripadvisor and the reviews said that they were in a great location in union square which was important to us. From the moment we arrived, we were greeted with friendly smiles and welcomes...the hotel is immaculate, the room was beautiful and included breakfast. we walked to chinatown the first day and all through union square. the cable car is right there to take you anywhere you need to go...i would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again when i'm in san francisco.	
Jun 25 2008 	Worth the money	Recently stayed her for nearly a week on a business trip. While the view from my sixth floor window left much to be desired (it was the top of a neighboring building), the room itself was pleasantly large and comfortable.The bed was quite comfortable and there were a wealth of pillows provided. The bathroom was roomy and well lit.Even though Bush Street runs right out front and Powell St. runs just one building away, the rooms were pleasantly quiet and very little street noise seemed to reach the room. The cable car's bell and the back-up beeper used by a garbage truck were the among the few exceptions.The staff was quite friendly and my concerns were all met quickly and completely.There were safes and coffee makers in the rooms, along with DVD players and surround sound systems. You could check-out DVDs from a number that were available at the front desk. The wireless internet access was reasonably snappy, though the service provider's access control mechanism was clunky. In addition, the service provider (Wi-Fi Guys) would periodically inject ads into your web surfing, which was more than annoying.The room could be a bit dark at night, but lamps were generally placed where they were needed. For some mysterious reason, one of the lamps was hooked into a switch that also controlled the light directly over the entrance door. That meant leaving a light on where it wasn't needed if I wanted the light turned on elsewhere in the room.There were no recycling bins obviously available for any sort of recyclable material (newspaper, bottles, cans, etc). Given San Francisco's well publicized attempts to encourage more recycling, the lack of recycling bins was disappointing.	
Jun 25 2008 	Great overall - good location good value	We stayed at the Orchard Hotel for 3 nights. We were able to book using their promotional &quot;3 for 2&quot; in the City package, which gave us 3 nights for the price of two and included a basic hotel breakfast every morning.The hotel was everything a boutique hotel should be. Smaller, quieter, with more individual attention from staff, who were friendly and eager to help. If you tend to like booking with smaller independent hotels rather than larger chains you will not be disappointed with the Orchard.The rooms were attractive, comfortable, clean and well kept as were the hallways &amp; elevators. The only meals we ate at the hotel were breakfast and they were good. Public transportation runs close by but we usually used cabs or walked wherever we wanted to go. Cabs are harder to hail here than they are in NYC so having an attentive, cab-hailing doorman was a real plus.Shopping in this area is plentiful and easy to reach on foot. You should be able to find just about anything you want to buy - from the lower end H&amp;M, Ross, Old Navy all the way up to designer shops. Its interesting how they kind of mingle together in this area.My only negative comment (and I know this is really picky) was the condition of the house phones. They were so filthy I chose not to use one. No I didn't remark on this to the staff but I should have. I am certain if I had those phones would have been spotless the next time I tried to use one. That's the kind of staff this hotel has. My advice - book this hotel and enjoy!	
Jun 24 2008 	Fabulous stay at The Orchard Hotel	My husband and I stayed at The Orchard Hotel for 5 nights in late June and were very pleased. Our room, a King on the 8th floor, was spotless. The bed was among the most comfortable I've encountered. The bathroom was clean and spacious with plenty of towels and counter space. Wireless service was strong and worked perfectly in the room.The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful.The location is perfect--right off Union Square, near cable cars, incredible shopping, and restaurants.And..the price for all this was reasonable, $149 per night. Although this price did not include breakfast, there were wonderful restaurant choices within mere yards of the hotel.We highly recommend this hotel and will surely stay there on future visits to San Francisco!	
Jun 23 2008 	Yes another Great Hotel title	Coming from the airport on Lorrie’s Shuttle we were dropped off next Orchard Hotel on Bush street 10 yards off Powell Street and the cable cars, we were booked in for 4 nights and got a room on the street side floor 5. It was a nice big room, huge bed, massive tv and dvd player (free movies available from reception) and free wifi. You need to get the code from reception to accessWe had no problem with noise overnight etc. There was a good selection of toiletries, everything was nice and clean. We did not use any other facilities such as the bar or restaurant.Chinatown gate is out the hotel door on the right just down the hill. Union Square is a couple of blocks down the hill.It was a good hotel maybe we paid for facilities we didn’t really need or use as basically we used the room and that was it, but it was certainly more than good enough for our needs.	
Jun 22 2008 	Good location enjoyed our stay at Orchard	My wife and I recently spent three night at the Orchard Hotel. We chose the hotel because of its proximity to Union Square. Our room was of decent size, nicely furnished and clean. The hotel's staff was courtesy and friendly. The prices in the hotel's restaurant and bar were on the high side but with a number of restaurants in the area, this was not a problem. The one negative was noise from the room next door; the rooms had a connecting door that - I think - allowed voices and other sounds to be heard between the rooms. While this provided for a couple of annoying moments, we didn't lose any sleep or feel the need to complain.Overall, we were pleased with our stay at the Orchard Hotel and would stay there again.	
Jun 20 2008 	Loved the Orchard!	This hotel is great! Beautiful room with large bathroom/walk in shower. Great beds and pillows. Free wireless internet and DVD players in the room. If you have to have a view this isn't the place for you. If you love shopping and being close to great food this is the place to be.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great Place!	Location, staff, room, cleanliness, price... What's missing?The room was great. The staff was very helpfull and friendly - they left us chocolates and wine for our anniversary. The location worked out perfectly. We walked up a huge hill just a couple of blocks (part of the San Francisco experience), then it was down hill all the way through China Town and North Beach (Little Italy) to Fisherman's Warf. We road a Trolley back and it dropped us 1/2 block from the Hotel. Then we walked about 2 blocks to dinner that night. There are several great places to eat in the area.	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Value!	This was the first time to San Francisco for my husband and I (we were there as part of our honeymoon). First of all, the location of this hotel is PERFECT! A block away from Union Square and Chinatown, great restaurant choices, and not far from everything else. We really felt like we were in the middle of everything. The hotel itself was clean and comfortable and the staff was very friendly. My only complaint was that they didn't have a vending area and I had to go to the bar and spend $3 on a can of Coke. I would definately stay here again and you certainly cannot beat the price for a hotel in the city.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Stay!	We loved this hotel! First time in San Francisco, and this hotel is central to everything. We were so busy during our time in San Francisco doing the tourist thing, we really didn't spend that much time in the hotel. However, the staff was great, and the chambermaids made sure to leave us extra shampoo &amp; conditioner. We didn't get a chance to try the breakfast, since we were always on the go- however I am sure it wouldn't disapoint! A+	
Jun 13 2008 	Great hotel great price.	In reading the other reviews you already get the picture. This is a fantastic hotel. I'll just run down a few points of my own:Great location, just 2 blocks from the famous gate to Chinatown and right in the middle of the action. There's good dining nearby as well.The rooms were clean, modern, and the beds were very comfortable, which for me is the #1 concern. The staff was helpful and booked us dinner reservations every night at different places around town. Now for the big plus and this is the one that pushed it over from 4 to 5 stars: The price was easily the best value for the money in San Francisco. Maybe it was just good luck, but the Orchard is priced the same or below hotels that aren't even half as good. My wife travels frequently for business and she's paid almost 2 times the rate at the orchard and had a worse room in a far worse location. San Fran is expensive, way to go Orcahrd for delivering a great hotel at a decent price. Stay at the Orchard, you won't be disappointed.	
Jun 12 2008 	Great value	My friend and I stayed 7 nights at The Orchard for a &quot;girls only&quot; vacation get away. I spent months on Trip advisor trying to choose the perfect hotel. My criteria was cleanliness, a spacious room and spacious bathroom. (two woman sharing the same bathroom had me worried) Even after I chose The Orchard, I still worried about my choice and wondered if I should have spent the extra money for The Omni. My friend and I agree, I made the perfect choice when I chose The Orchard. This hotel is an excellent value. The location is the best, just steps from the Trolley car stop. The rooms are very comfortable, spacious and clean. (I am a real clean freak) We both found the beds very comfortable with good quality linens. Our room had several types of pillows to choose from. There were extra pillows in the closet. We ate dinner at the restaurant one night. I had the flat iron steak which was excellent and my friend had the pork which she was not impressed with. We also had a cheese platter one evening that was very good and a good value.The staff was friendly and helpful throughout the hotel. The restaurant staff was friendly and gave good service in both the dining area as well as the bar. The maids were the best. Not only did they have our room spotless each morning and our beds turned down at night, they were very warm and friendly too. The doorman/ consierge took care of booking tours for us.We chose not to include breakfast with our room so we ate most mornings at Roxanne's next door. There are plenty of places to eat nearby.If you want a clean, comfortable hotel in a great location with a good staff, look no further. Ask for a street side room when you book.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great spot to stay in San Fran	I highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting San Fran. The location is great-central to everything. The room was clean, the staff was very helpful and friendly and the price was right.	
Jun 10 2008 	good value for money	Nice hotel with boutique flair in good location (at least for tourism, which is what we were doing). Cable car stop is almost right in front of it and it is within walking distance of Union Sq and Chinatown. Surprisingly large rooms and nice bathrooms. Very friendly staff and some nice touches (DVD player in room and free DVD rental), which you would not find in a chain hotel. The only downside was the breakfast (continental b/fast included inb rate) which was sub standard for this kind of hotel, but then again they did not charge much for it.	
Jun 10 2008 	Great little hotel...	Stayed at the Orchard in late April. I read some good reviews of this hotel and was not disappointed. The location was excellent, very close to Union Square and everything around it. Small lobby with an attached restaurant (which I didn't get to try) I got a room facing the front of the hotel (see my low quality cell-phone pics) The room was actually larger than I expected, considering that it's a pretty old building. The hotel is on a slight hill which may or may not be an issue depending on how much you've had for dinner. Cabs are plentiful anyway and the doorman will go out of his way (up to the corner of the block in my case) to hail one for you. Kudos to all the staff in general.The bathrooms, windows, climate control, and sound insulation were all updated and are as good as any new hotel. Even though I was on a lower floor, I didn't hear a lot of street noise at night. Free high-speed internet access was also included as well as a minibar, TV with surround sound and a combo DVD/CD/MP3 player with complimentary movies from the front desk.I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting SF for the first time due to its location.	
Jun 10 2008	Perfect Stay	The Orchard is a jewel. It is tasteful, attentive staff, lovely rooms and great central location. Near to Chinatown, cable car , Union Square .We were at a conference at a big hotel and changed when the event ended.It was a relief to find such a peaceful setting. Good local neighborhood and can recommend Uncle Vito;s on the corner for neighborhood pizza.Staff was very helpful and friendly .They came up with excellent suggestions.The one reservation is if a traveler has a health , breathing or mobility concerns as the hills are killers.Their companion hotel the Orchard Garden 3 blocks away, is on a flatter area that is also central.Loved our stay!	
Jun 10 2008 	Good dreal for the location	We had a very pleasant stay at the Orchard. The staff was very friendly and helpful, particularly the doorman. Our room was quite comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in the Union Square area at a very reasonable price.	
Jun 8 2008 	Lovely room great location	The Orchard Hotel was a great place to stay in San Francisco. Lovely room, high quality furniture, good size bathroom and a very big shower. The rate was excellent for a central city hotel (just around the corner from Union Square) and you get free Wi-Fi which is a real bonus. Breakfast is available at a selection of nearby diners all a couple of minutes walk from the hotel. I would definitely recommend The Orchard if you're looking for great quality in a central location at an affordable rate.	
Jun 7 2008 	Good Place with suggestions	This is a quiet, very comfortable place to stay in a notoriously expensive and noisy city. Best rates are on the hotel's website (we prepaid $159 per night for bed and breakfast, plus an additional $19.22 per night in taxes), and we would stay there again in a flash. The hotel is soundproof and the location is perfect, only steps away from the Bush/Powell intersection and an easy jaunt to all of downtown. The California street Cable Car line is two blocks up Nob Hill; Market Street is five short blocks south. We didn't have a car, but the hotel offers in-and-out valet parking for $38 per night, a pretty good rate considering you are in the heart of The City.Dinner in the hotel's restaurant, Daffodil's, was only so-so however; husband's flatiron steak was superb, but my pork tenderloin entree was dry and tasteless, very overcooked. The waitress said the chef prefers to serve the pork rare, probably because he has never heard of trichinosis and has no idea how easy it is to cook a pork tenderloin to non-pink, tender perfection. Whatever, I suggest you select something else from what seemed to be a relatively limited, somewhat precocious menu. Be aware that there are tiny, easily overlooked coupons at the far end of the reception desk that knock $20 off your dinner bill. The restaurant didn't seem very busy on any of the three nights we were in residence; perhaps the management should put one of those $20 coupons in with the room key at check-in. The European-style breakfast buffet was more than adequate and included juices, cold cuts, cheese, tomatoes, hard-boiled eggs, assorted cereals (with yogurt available), a variety of fruit, delicious croissants and muffins, bread and bagels for toasting, teas, coffee, and so on. Hot breakfasts were available at an extra charge.We had the San Francisco Chronicle outside our door every morning, and both USA Today and the Wall Street Journal were also complimentary at the front desk.The room had free wireless, and the bathroom was large and well appointed with good linens. Shower/Tub was clean with excellent water pressure. Little noise transferred from adjacent rooms. The in-room coffee was not memorable. Elevators were prompt and swift.The beds are cloud-like, almost too much so. After an uncomfortably hot first night alternating between the too hot duvet and too cold sheet as a cover, we requested a regular blanket rather than the fluffy duvet -- problem solved. The huge pillows are deep and fluffy, nice if that's want you like but miserable if you prefer something smaller and firmer. A selection of pillows amid the six on the bed would have been much appreciated.The decor is very tailored with extremely nice furnishings, and the staff was highly professional and pleasant. All in all, the Orchard proved to be ideal for our all-too-short stay in SF.	
Jun 7 2008 	The good reviews are all true	We chose the Orchard Hotel for a 3 night stay based on the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. The rooms are very clean and spacious with good bathrooms. We felt that the price we paid ( we booked directly with the hotel) represented good value especially since a simple continental breakfast was included. All the staff are very helpful and courteous.We can ceratinly recommend this boutique style hotel.	
Jun 6 2008 	This is a great find - thanks to Trip Advisor	I think all the other posts covered the good points but we we booked 4 rooms for May 16-18 and were very pleased with our selection. Great location, very clean, comfortable beds, everything worked. Valet service and desk personnel pretty efficient also.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great Place Great Space	This hotel was in a most convenient location, close to Union Square, Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, the Embarcadero, and many other famous locales. The staff, especially the bellman/concierge, Cornell, was fabulous. He was most helpful in finding great restaurants and places of interest. The hotel itself is beautiful and elegant, quite a bargain. I'll definitely stay there the next time I'm in San Francisco.	
May 31 2008 	Fantastic Hotel!	The Orchard Hotel in San Francisco is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. My stay was absolutely wonderful from start to finish. The rooms are beautifully furnished, clean and of a good size. The beds in particular are very comfortable!The staff are very professional, friendly and helpful. Customer service is of a premium standard. Good location within the city and close to all major attractions and transport networks. I would definately recommend this hotel to friends and family. Go and enjoy the Orchard Hotel!	
May 30 2008	The Reviews do not Lie--Great Place	We loved this hotel. We have stayed in SF @ Westin, Mark Hopkins, and maybe others. This was by far the best hotel experience we've ever had--anywhere. Quiet, peaceful, great location. We stayed on a higher floor and heard neither traffic nor noise. We did not order services of any kind from this hotel. The room had everything, including surround sound. We checked out one DVD from their free service, but never watched it. The hotel is right by Union Square, and right next to Sears Fine Food, which provided GREAT breakfast!!! We loved this hotel. Nice bedding, firm mattress, great, clean room, huge room overall.. and QUIET. Nice staff too. This is a BEAUTIFUL hotel that blew away Mark Hopkins. The staff were approachable and we loved the place. There are dining places and a cable car stop right next to the hotel. Walgreens, food, Hertz, and other services are all within walking distance. A true find, this hotel is amazing.	
May 29 2008	Loved it as usual...will be going back in June.	While my husband and I live in Marin County, which is only 25 minutes away from The Orchard Hotel in San Francisco, we love going there for the weekend. When we do several times a year we always stay at the Orchard Hotel on Bush and Powell Streets. We were just there last weekend (May 24 and 25th) to celebrate my birthday...and as usual the hospitality was A+. We also love the decor and the location -- we are a block from China Town. Would highly recommend this hotel for out of towners or locals like ourselves.	
May 26 2008 	Nice room shame about the breakfast experience	My family and I stayed at the Orchard this April on our way to Greece. The position of the hotel is good being close to Union Square. We stayed in one of the King suites which had a lounge and separate bedroom.The room was comfortable and clean with plenty of room for us all. We had a few glitches on our arrival which got things off to a less than ideal start but nothing too dramatic. As we had a 2 year old, we requested a cot (or crib or &quot;play-pen&quot; as they call them in the States) to be in our room. Unfortunately, on our arrival (after a 12 hour flight) our now asleep baby had no cot. The first that arrived was broken but the 2nd worked fine. Then we couldn't get into the fridge because it had a lock on it! I have never stayed in hotel with a lock on the fridge.. it seemed a little odd. The lock was broken and the fridge could not be opened. This was fixed quickly which was good because my needed to keep her insulin cool. Then when we tried to use the coffee machine in the room, it belched out rotten smelling hot water with chunks of God knows what in it and eventually got a replacement (after staff intially telling us that was normal for those machines!).However, all the above was minor and not that much of a big deal and I only mention it here as all the other hotels we stayed in during our 1 month away had cots ready in the rooms, usable fridges and clean tea/coffee making fascilities.The biggest disappointment about our stay was at breakfast. We paid for a &quot;breakfast included&quot; package and for the most part the breakfast itself was ok... nothing startling (again compared to our other hotels) but good enough. We effectively served ourselves with little help from the two fairly sour looking staff on each morning. In fact, the male staff member serving made us feel quite unwelcome and seemed reluctant to be there or help.Now, tipping is not the custom in our country although i do understand it is big in the States and for the most part we follow that custom when in the USA . However, I expect good and pleasant service before forking out extra cash for a tip and if staff are off-hand, rude or make you fell generally unwelcome, then I don't think a tip is deserved. Due to the sour service received, we did not leave a tip on the first two mornings and one that second morning the male staff member gave me a lecture about tipping him. This was a surpirse and extremely rude. Although we had already paid for breakfast for the next two mornings, we did not eat at the hotel as I did not wish to feel pressured to pay extra (i.e. tip) for poor service or risk some form of retribution if we did not tip him from then on. In summary, the hotel was a pretty nice and convenient place to stay (with a few glitches intially but not too big a deal). However, definitely do not pre-pay for breakfast. You will eat a lot better elsewhere for less and get much better service (the pancake place around the corner was good for breakfast and Uncle Vito's do good pizza for dinner)	
May 25 2008 	Great Location!	We stayed 4 nights at this hotel. The location is very good, the cable car line is just around the corner and Union Square is just 3 minutes away. The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom is very nice, the furniture is ok. What we did not like was the very expensive parking (38$ a day). Also the staff was argueing which should not happen in front of guests.	
May 25 2008 	Great hospitality in the heart of San Francisco!	I stayed at this hotel based on the excellent recommendations I read on Trip Advisor.It is a boutique hotel, which is well located for shopping in Union square.The rooms are modern, spacious, clean and well appointed, with good facilities for business (work desk and free wireless internet)..There is a pleasant restaurant on the ground floor, which serves either a continental or a la carte breakfast.The staff are friendly and helpful. They made me feel welcome and helped me with useful tips as a first time visitor.I recommend this hotel as representing good value for money.Besides the usual and expected features, there are several nice touches, like a library of several hundred DVD's available to view free of charge, quality toileries, etc.There is a general warmth of hospitality which makes for a pleasant stay.	
May 23 2008	Sleekcontemporary and clean	Exceptional hotel experience--NO bells and whistles, just a pleasant stay with efficient, friendly staff available to accomodate. Skip the food though--There are so many other choices in the area. Location is great as well.	
May 23 2008 	Excellent stay close toeverything	This hotel is excellent. Good location, very friendly and helpful staff and the continental breakfast is very good. We will stay at this hotel the next time we come to this great city.	
May 22 2008 	Enjoyed the Orchard Experience	Booked this Hotel after reading other reviews on Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. The Hotel is small but very reasonably priced for the area. The rooms are very comfortable and we had great nights sleep, didn't eat in hotel as was abit pricey for our liking, they did recommend very good eating places nearby that suited our requirements perfectly. Overall we were very pleased with this accommodation, and would choose to stay here again. The Cable Car is very handy but quite expensive to travel on single trips, so get a long term or multi trip ticket from the start.	
May 20 2008 	Loved the Orchard	This is great place to stay. Conveniently located in the city. Wonderful staff and lovely ambiance.	
May 17 2008 	Absolutely wonderful	I cannot say enough good things about the Orchard. My daughter and I stayed in room 839 street side and we both loved it. The beds were comfy, the bathroom spacious with nice shampoos and lotions. Meticulously clean and nicely decorated. Wonderful location near union square right on a CC stop. We bought liquor and some mixers down the street at a small market and made our own nightcaps , breakfast we did at starbucks since we didn't have a breakfast package there were at least 2 within a 3 block area. I would recommend this hotel to anyone it was a quiet oasis in the heart of the city.	
May 16 2008 	A really great experience in the middle of the city	Really fair price for a beautiful, modern and environmentally friendly hotel in the middle of everything. I loved the in room book illustrating merchants in the city that are organic, natural or eco friendly. Same goes for the room and restaurant at the hotel. I had the Bed and Breakfast package that provided me with a fabulous breakfast each morning of my 3 day stay. The Granola was AMAZING as was the fresh grapefruit juice and wonderful coffee. Loved the video library available to guests. Really comfy bed. Super friendly staff. Everyone made me feel very welcome. Walked to work each day of my stay, which is in the financial district. Took about 10 minutes to get down there and I cherished the pretty walk through the bustling city each day. I would recommend the Orchard Hotel to anyone looking for personalized service from an independent, non chain hotel!	
May 15 2008	Great Gem Near Union Square	I held a 3-day business meeting here with 14 guest rooms. My meeting attendees absolutely loved the hotel and it's sister hotel, The Orchard Garden down the street. The food was the highlight of the whole trip....AMAZING. My group is still talking about it.	
May 15 2008 	Old S.F. Charm Modern Amenities Great Location	I’m just finishing up a contract here in San Francisco that had me flying in on Mondays and home on Fridays. I wanted a small hotel with the flavor of old San Francisco, not a generic national chain hotel. I spotted the Orchard on the internet but was unable to book it my first week. I ended up at one of the many older, small hotels that populate the area and the very first night challenged my preconceptions. I got a dinky room that looked into a 6 foot wide alleyway separating my hotel from the next building; the restroom was so small, I had to go outside to turn around; my air conditioner was an open window.I had already booked the following week at the Orchard and decided to pay an inspection visit just in case I needed to revisit the chain hotel option. I was delighted by the large rooms, new furniture, huge bathrooms, and comfy pillow-top beds. Each room is equipped with a DVD system and the front desk maintains a DVD library. The hotel building is new with all the safety features and amenities that includes; the visual elevation, however, is designed to fit in with the rest of the neighborhood. I immediately booked several more weeks and now I’m finishing up twenty weeks at the Orchard. The on-site restaurant, Daffodil, is first rate so on-site dining is rewarding if you’re not in the mood to go out. The staff is great: friendly and knowledgeable about the area; attentive to my routine. I’ve been pleased with my decision to stay at the Orchard from a comfort, safety, and cultural standpoint. The Orchard has just the flavor to complement that special San Francisco “je ne sais quoi” without cramping my need for modern accommodations.Located on Bush Street, the Orchard is two blocks away from Union Square. It’s located in a city residential area that has both fine and everyday restaurants, stores, salons, an art school, Cathedral, and the like. The Orchard is just steps away from the cable-car line on cross-street Powell. Union Square, just down Powell, is bustling with all the well known shopping, eateries, and hotels competing for your attention. Chinatown’s Pine Street parallels Bush just one block further away from Union Square, while the main entrance on Grant Street is just two blocks down Bush. The location is “IDEAL.” Plenty of attractions and amenities are within an easy walk, but the noise and congestion of the commercial area isn’t in your lap. Transportation to the wharf, Market Street, North Beach, and the rest that San Francisco offers is at your door.Put it this way, after twenty-one weeks, the Orchard remains my hotel-of-choice in San Francisco. I’m happy with my choice and I will be back.	
May 7 2008 	Wonderful hotel!!! Stay here!	What a wonderful hotel! I have not a negative thing to say about it. Amazing price for the level of service we got. Free movie rentals (the room comes with a dvd player and surround sound), free concierge service (extremely helpful finding places to eat), centrally located, comfortable beds, NICE room and bathroom, etc, etc. I felt like I was at home in the hotel. Stay here!	
May 6 2008 	Nice stay at the Orchard	My new bride and I stayed at the Orchard during part of our honeymoon. The staff was friendly and accommodating. We had a wonderful room on the 10th floor with a view that was very good for a downtown hotel. The room and bathroom size were above average. We also were never bothered by noise. The Orchard is two blocks from Union Square and two blocks from the entrance to Chinatown. It's steps away from the Powell St trolley line. If you have a car, parking in the area is very expensive, but that's not the hotel's fault. This hotel is in a convenient place and is a real value. We would stay there again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Friendly comfortable and central	We stayed a couple of nights at the end of March 2008. The room was well equipped, the bed comfortable and the whole hotel ahd a feeling fo being well-cared for. Being right by the cable car was a real convenience and the hotel's position enabled us to see a great deal of the historic centre in a short stay.Well worth a stay.	
Apr 29 2008 	Great Hotel and resonable price	I'll keep it short and sweet.Great hotel at a bargain price. After reading many, many reviews about SF hotels we were truely unsure about where to stay. I had seen the Orchard as one of the top rated hotels in SF and when I found a deal on a travel booking website for around $100 a night we decided to take a chance. If you're a world traveler and expect the Ritz like luxury this may not be your hotel. HOWEVER, If you expect a very nice place to stay and call home for a few days/week at a tremendous value this is a FANTASTIC HOTEL. The service overall was above average. Although we had minor issues (retrieving key to mini-bar, extra towels, etc.) All of our requests were eventually taken care of. The room was well above average in terms of cleanliness, and I've stayed at more than my share of rooms in that price range that left a lot to be desired. Not at all true here. Beautiful furniture and linens and ample space for 2. We never ate at the hotel resturaunt but did enjoy a couple of glasses of wine in the bar and cheese platter. It was a nice place but can't comment on the food. Cheese plate was great.LOCATION, LOCATION....really close to anything and everything. Short trip to Wharf, Downtown, and transportation stations that made it really easy to get around. Union Square and all the shops and resturaunts that come with it right around the corner and easy walking distance.I would definitely consider the Orchard for my next stay in SF.	
Apr 28 2008	A Great Place to Stay	My girlfriend and I recently stayed at the Orchard Hotel during our trip to San Francisco (4/24-4/26). It was outstanding. Great location. Super views (we were on the 10th floor). Very clean and comfortable room. The service was extremely friendly. The hotel itself was everything we could've hoped for and a little bit more. We stayed at two other places during our trip (one in the city / one outside) and found that this hotel provided our most enojoyable/comfortable stay. The only drawback was that we were under the impression that our breakfast was included with the room and were then surprised to find out that wasn't the case. Unfortunately, nobody told us this up front and we found out last minute (as we were about to order). Very minor note overall. . .we walked down the street and had a great breakfast at Lori's. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who wants to enjoy San Francisco. It is a boutique hotel with the ammenities of a major chain. We loved it.	
Apr 25 2008 	Would recommend the Orchard.	We returned yesterday from San Francisco and stayed at the Orchard from April 17th - 23rd. Since this was my first trip to SF I cannot compare it to other hotels, but found it to be very charming. The room was spacious, the bathroom absolutely spotless and the beds different from what I am used to but very comfortable. Check in was quick and smooth and all staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We did not visit the onsite restaurant because we felt the prices extremely high for the food offered. One disappointment was that the hotel had advertised that they had Aveda bath products but did not. Nice touches were the turndown service and the extremely comfortable robes available. Our room was very quiet with no outside noises. The hotel was one of the best parts of our stay.	
Apr 23 2008 	Sleep great in a noisy city	My husband and I decided to get-a-way for the weekend on very short notice; we love San Francisco. We found this charming Boutique Hotel on-line.The Orchard Hotels is located at Bush and Powell very near China Town. The cable cars stop at this corner. I was concerned about the noise because I am a light sleeper. We were on the street-side near the cable car stop; to my surprise I did not hear the traffic or cable cars. The desk clerk said the windows are treated with a sound-proofing material. Guess what; it works. The beds were great; I don’t remember when I slept so well.We dined at the hotel the first evening. The food was delightful; it is a new restaurant; I am sure once everyone finds it you won’t be able to get in.The weekend was great!	
Apr 21 2008 	Great experience at The Orchard Hotel	My daughter and I stayed for one night at The Orchard Hotel on a quick trip to San Francisco. We had a great experience and would highly recommend it. Even though the building is older, everything was updated and very clean. The staff were friendly and professional with prompt service, including valet parking. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. After doing a lot of searching on-line, I know that the price was reasonable for the location and type of hotel. This is not a &quot;generic&quot; hotel; rather we felt it was upscale yet cozy.We liked the location because it was right off the cable car line and only a couple of blocks away from Union Square. If you're a woman traveling alone, this would be a good choice. I would feel comfortable staying there on my own.	
Apr 19 2008 	What a Gem!	Its nice to find a business that's operated with the satisfactionof it's clientel in mind. The Orchard Hotel certainly is one ofthose businesses. We spent 4 days at this charming hotel.Since our flight from Atlanta arrived in San Francisco around11AM, we arrived at the hotel around 12:30PM. My wife procededinto the hotel while I took care of our driver and by the time Igot inside we had already been set up with a room on the 7thfloor. Not only were there no hassles regarding early check-in, the front desk acted like it was their pleasure to take care of us.Our room was nicely decorated and good sized. The bathroomwas marble and tile and also good sized. The bed was verycomfortable with 4 large pillows. The location of the hotel wasnear the corner of Bush &amp; Powell, within a few feet of the Powellstreet cable car. Union Square is a 3 block walk downhill. Buythe 3 day metro pass for $11.00 and you can ride any publictransit including the cable car back up the hill. All hotel personnel were extremely pleasant and helpful. Our maid evenmade it a point to thank us for our daily tip. My hats off to theownership, management and personnel who operate this hotel.Wish there were more like you.	
Apr 16 2008	A Wonderful Find!	This is a real find. The staff was great. Very friendly and always greeted me by name. Rooms are spacious , clean, and well equipped as were the bathrooms. Very well insulated. My room was close to the elevator but never heard a sound from the hall. The hotel offers a continental type breakfast, but prefered to eat at one of the many near-by restaurants at half the price! In fact, the restaurant would be my only complaint. They do offer a hot breakfast for room service but it's quite pricey. Would also like to see just some simple salads and sandwiches on the room service menu. All in all, a great stay and would reccommend it to others in a heartbeat!	
Apr 12 2008 	Great Location and very clean	I stayed at the Orchard on the first two nights of our road trip around California. We are both 28 and from England.I parked up at the Stockton sutter garage which is a stones throw away from the hotel and only cost about $45 for two days. I believe the valet car parking at the Orchard was $34 per day. The Stockton garage doesn't have in/out priviledges but you don't really need a car to see most of San Francisco.The location is excellent as you are one block away from Union Sq. 50yds from the entrance to the hotel is a cable car stop along with Roxannes who do a reasonably cheap and tasty breakfast. The rooms were very clean and had coffee and tea facilities which has seemed to be a rarity on our trip (the four diamond Venetian at Vegas didn't have a kettle!) The bathroom was spacious with a good powerful shower and a deep bath.I'd certainly recommend this hotel to anybody visiting San Francisco and wanting a good central location.	
Apr 9 2008 	Location staff and rooms - all grerat	Little bad to say about experience at the Orchard. We booked a junior suite which was perfect for two adults and two children. The bathroom was huge although the toilet was not separate from the bathroom. The master bed was vast and very very comfortable with crisp white linen changed daily. The rooms were wonderfully clean, and although new had some small signs of wear. (E.g. Marked wallpaper behind chairs). There was no noise from neighbouring rooms.Its location is outstanding yards from the cable car and the Union square shopping districtThe check in staff and concierge were good and helped with restaurant bookings and recommendations. However I got the sense that they were doing this as a favour to us, rather then because they were a full-service front desk. (I guess this is the difference between a $200 and a $400 per night hotel)Continental breakfast was expensive from what it was, but it was convenient. Most guests seem to eat elsewhere.Overall, a great experience comparable to a $400 per night hotel…	
Apr 3 2008 	The Orchard is a great place to stay!	My husband and I stayed at The Orchard from the 22nd to the 27th of March. We had a great time! The hotel staff were very friendly and checked us in quickly. The room (a double) was very clean with a big bathroom and free internet. Most of the things we wanted to see were within walking distance but if you need transportation you can catch a bus within one block, a cable car in four or five (easy downhill walk), and taxis were always passing in front of the hotel. Our recommendations for eating: Sears Fine Food for breakfast, just around the corner on Stockton street. There's always a line outside the door but it moves quickly. Try the 18 little pancakes or the light and crispy waffles. Trattoria Contadina has excellent Italian food. I've never tasted such delicious homemade fettucini! And the bruschetta appetizer was amazing!For Indian food try New Dheli over on Post St. I think they close between 2 and 5 so get there early for lunch.If you go to opentable.com you can make restaurant reservations on line which I'd highly recommend as most places are very busy.I could go on and on about the food and the sights! We truly left a piece of our hearts there! Hope you find this review helpful you lucky San Francisco travelers!	
Apr 1 2008 	Very pleased would recommend to friends	V convenient location for Chinatown, so easy to settle my bubbletea cravings. One of the best things about this place was the complimentary DVDs, came in very handy as my mum and I were crashed out by 9pm everyday! Also v handy for the Powell-Mason and Powell-Hyde cable cars stop right by the hotel. handy for main department shopping (Macys,SAK,s Nordstrom etc). We got to/from Airport on the BArt andwalked up Powell (yes, that veyr steep hill) to the hotel. Definitely invest in a muni passport (all cable cars and buses and subways included). BART is extra. Cable Car Tip: Walk down the hill to Union square to get the Cable Car, it's full (going North) by the time it gets to the Hotel's stop on Powell&amp;Bush Sts.Room decor was nice, no power shower though. Nice toiletries. The view was nothing to speak of, didn't really bother us, as we spent most hours out of the hotel. I guess the room location (8th floor, non-street facing) meant it was also thankfully quiet. The staff were absolutely awesome. No problems using the hotel's guest laptop at reception, and they did hold ontothe luggage whilst we touristed aorund on our last day.	
Mar 31 2008	loved the orchard	What a wonderful city, what a wonderful hotel. Staff was excellent. Room was clean, bed very comfortable. Location was perfect to wander the city. I can't wait to return.	
Mar 29 2008 	Great location great price	A good place to stay in the city: Clean room, really comfortable bed and big bathroom (no bath, but double size shower), quiet (non view room), in room safe that fits a laptop, free fast internet, friendly staff and a good supply of fresh fruit in reception. Didn't eat in the hotel restaurant, but you couldn't choose a better location in the city for getting around to major transport links, sites, and restaurants.Also had a look at their sister hotel (Orchard Garden) which is close by and also looks good, with a slightly more modern flavor to the place.	
Mar 28 2008 	Good location/rooms	Spend four nights here during March. Taxi from airport was a little uncertain of the hotel's location which was surprising considering how central it is. Perhaps it does not have the same exposure as some of the bigger names in the area. Best thing about this hotel is location and bedrooms. First impressions of the hotel were a little unsure as the entrance and reception areas are simple. However, the bedrooms are very spacious and comfortable as are the bathrooms. Free wifi was also a pleasant surprise. Breakfast included in the rate is simple enough but adequate. Location is just off Union Square which is very central. Only problem is the steep hills around this area! Street cable car stops on the corner and a taxi trip to most of the city is about $10 per trip which is a bargain. Street cable car is expensive at $5 per journey per person if there are a few people so taxis are much better option. Would recommend this hotel for location and bedrooms but it does lack the public areas of some neighbouring hotels.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great hotel	Lovely hotel and excellent location. It is 50 yards from the cable car stop and just 2 blocks from Union Square. The room was quiet, spacious enough and a nice bathroom. The buffet breakfast was more than adequate. There is a Catholic church about 5 minutes walk from the hotel on the same street. The Starlight lounge is just around the corner. The hotel staff were very courteous and helpful. There is a laptop at the reception desk for checking your emails. They offer a car to transfer you to the airport for 45 dollars. Normal taxi is approximately 36 dollars. Nothing negative to say about hotel and really enjoyed my stay.	
Mar 26 2008 	Excellent Experience!	Based on trip advisor reviews (the Orchard was in the top 20 places to stay) and accessing the hotel website we decided to stay at the Orchard Hotel during the March Break (Canadian for Spring Break). While booking accommodations I was impressed with the professionalism and friendliness of the person I spoke with and they promised me that all our requests would be met which included adjoining rooms (family of 4), a room on a higher floor, mattress toppers, extra pillows and towels. Checking in was a pleasure; front desk staff were extremely friendly, professional and FAST! I was amazed that all requests were on file and I was assured that our rooms were ready with everything we needed. True to their word ALL requests were carried out. I have never had this happen ever!!!!!!!! Both concierges provided several excellent restaurant recommendations, they helped us with directions and gave great advice. Their services were invaluable to us. The rooms were spotlessly clean, towels are thick and large, shower is great, no noise from hallway or next door, beds were super comfortable with mattress toppers (make sure to request them). We experienced everything you could ask for and more. Midweek prices for rooms are extremely reasonable when considering this is downtown San Francisco and other hotels are twice the price. You get bargain prices for a top quality room and service!	
Mar 26 2008 	an excellent hotel!!! loved it!!!!!	We stayed in the Orchard hotel in March 02 until March 06, 2008. The hotel is so good!! I came to the hotel from recommendations i read here before. Thank you people!The hotel and rooms are very clean, the location is superb, the staff is so nice!!!!!They have a free selection of DVD movies in the reception and you can choose what movie you want to see in your room. yes, there is a DVD player in the room. if you have a laptop so there is also free surfing in your room.They really give attention to little details and make you to feel comfortable.I stayed in many hotels and this hotel is special.We enjoyed San Francisco a lot and the maps the give in the room are very good. Near the hotel there are: supermarket, Union Square, Laundromat, and all the transportation you need.I recommend this hotel to everyone who comes to San Francisco and when I come back, I will stay there again! It was great!	
Mar 25 2008 	a gentle stay	the first impression was slightly dissapointing, not as glitsy as the website portrayed and the staff were very busy.However, after the first day the staff were attentive and I saw past the very ordinary facade of this little gem of a hotel. I t is situated beautifully for sightseeing by cable car and walking to the stores. Breakfast is a little monotinous but good food.Watchout for the confusing booking proceedure that myself and a few other guests fell into. We thought we had payed for our stay but had only reserved our room. 1 poor guest had to borrow money to pay the bill.	
Mar 25 2008	Loved the Orchard	Had a great time at the hotel. I can't believe how quiet it was. I couldn't hear a sound from any of the other rooms. The only slight negative was using the wifi internet. The connection was a little slow to connect at times. The hotel directions said to configure the computer to automatically obtain an IP address. I have a Mac and don't know what that means. Maybe that was my problem. But besides this, it was a wonderful stay. Everyone was very friendly.	
Mar 24 2008 	Terrific hotel staff and location	It was terrific, great rooms, wonderful staff and the location was absolutely perfect. You're a $5.00 trip away from great tourist locations and just a block away from amazing shopping.	
Mar 24 2008	Lovely and comfortable boutique hotel	I do a fair amount of business travel, and I really loved this hotel. There was none of that desolate, lonely feeling that you get from a lot of the chains. The rooms were clean and comfortable, the beds had digital thermostats and big, squishy comforters and pillows. There is a DVD player in your room and the front desk has DVDs you can borrow for free. Not to be missed: the crazily soft bathrobes in the closet. Man, I loved lounging around in that thing. As a business traveler, I felt the desk area could have had more electrical outlets; I had things charging all over the room. I hope I didn't forget any of them. Also, I had some minor trouble with the free wi-fi, though my company-issued laptop may have been at fault, and I always got connected in the end. Oh, and the mini-bar was so crowded with hideously expensive ($2.50 for a can of soda!) stuff that I could barely fit in my leftovers from dinner. Still, this is the hotel I'll be staying when in SF on someone else's dime.	
Mar 23 2008 	Nice staff and Convenient Location	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here--we were tempted by its sister hotel too: The Orchard Garden (two blocks down Bush Street). The staff was extremely friendly; the rooms were large. We found the location very convenient: a walk down the hill to Union Square area; a walk down the other hill to Chinatown/Financial District; a walk up the hill to some amazing views. Union Square at night did not seem to be the safest area, especially as one gets closer to the 'Tenderloin' District; but the hotel was on a safe street and I was extremely pleased with our stay!	
Mar 21 2008	Boutique value in heart of SF	Stayed here for just 1 night for a business trip, and found it through other user's reviews on Trip Advisor. They were right.....I thought this was a great bargain for a boutique hotel right in the heart of San Francisco. Large bathroom with nice tile work, large stall shower. The style, the location, and the price all added up to a good experience. Two complaints though: the bed, although not uncomfortable, was a little lumpy. There's no box spring, just the mattress.And the free WiFi never actually worked for me. I couldn't connect. My colleague didn't have any trouble, so maybe it was me. But that was a little annoying.And the restaurant in the lobby was nice as well. Overall it was a good experience, and I'd recommend for business travel.	
Mar 19 2008 	Pleasant Orchard	A girl friend and I stayed for 5 nights in March at The Orchard Hotel towards the end of a lovely 2 month holiday and had a very pleasant and comfortable stay at The Orchard Hotel. We arrived at 8.00pm and were very quickly checked in and in our room which was spacious and light. We had a 3rd Floor room on the corner of the building and experienced a small degree of noise from the traffic and early morning rubbish collectors but nothing that kept us awake.We had a room with 2 beds as requested and had a very spacious bathroom with a walk in shower but no bath. It was our impression that this could have been a room adapted for the disabled as there were several grab rails but these were not obtrusive. Breakfast was served in the restaurant off the small lobby and the buffet available was simple with a choice of some fruit, juice, bread, scones (delicious) cheese, ham and boiled eggs and croissants. Cooked meals were not available and this would have been a nice option but presumably, our tariff would have reflected this addition should it have been available. The position of the Hotel couldn't really have been better for us,extremely close to the Tram Stop and walkable to Union Square which was a couple of blocks away. Reception and Door staff were always friendly and informative and ensured we had a pleasant few days in the lovely city of SF.	
Mar 17 2008 	Everything more than Perfect!	I got to be a really good fan of Trip Advisor. We were looking for a hotel with the right combination of good location and price. We stayed at the Orchard and it exceeded our expectations. They were able to give us an really early check in. They were waiting for us and new about our room preferences. Everybody from the bell boy, front desk and the maids were more than eagar to help and always with a nice smile. Gave us great suggestions for dinner too! No doubt we will go back next time we visit SFO	
Mar 16 2008 	a gem -want to go back	We stayed here for 2 nights to break up our return journey to uk from nz. We arrived about 11.00 and were able to check in straight away. The staff could not have been more helpful. Yes it is a business hotel bu we felt right at home.The bar manager was very friendly and came over to the table where we ate prior to the theatre to make sure we were ok. Advice on restaurants was given; the proximity to cable cars, shops and touristy things was fantastic.	
Mar 13 2008 	Nice Hotel in Great Location	Very nice hotel in perfect location. It is right at the intersection of Union Square, Nob Hill and Chinatown. Great shops and food all around. Perfect for walking anywhere in the city. Nice size rooms and comfy beds. We had a room at the front of the hotel so we could hear the cable car go by...we loved it but if that bothers you request a room at the back of the building.	
