Nov 14 2009 	a great deal for the money all you need great staff good location	My husband and I stayed here for one night recently and had a very pleasant experience. The bed was good, the bathroom was clean and newly remodeled and all the basics were there including an iron and ironing board and hairdryer. Very nice for the price. The best part was the staff who were very gracious and helpful and the lovely Otis elevator--we were told to treat it was love as it was impossible to get parts for it. It is also very conveniently located near Union Square and the Bart Station.	
Sep 22 2009 	worth for price	Good location of the hotel. Close to shopping street and start of the railway tram. Not to fancy but evrything you need is their. Clean, quit!	
Jul 23 2009 	Bad area of SF could get more for your money elsewhere	We stayed in the Layne Hotel at the end of our round the world trip and although it was pretty cheap considering the cost of San Fran and everything was within walking distance, we were disappointed by the room and the service. The hotel is old and the rooms are tired with few facilities. We had a shared bathroom room and when we arrived were handed a toilet roll to take with us when we went to the loo. You could barely get into the bathroom as it was so cramped. We had been unaware on booking the Layne that we would be charged a damage deposit of $250 which was held in our account until we checked out. We were not told this and when we talked to the manager about it he was rude and shouted at us and made us feel very uncomfortable. We actually moved to a different hotel half way through our stay and would not return to the Layne. Anywhere were they say, &quot;dont turn right out of the front door&quot; isnt a winner with us!	
Jul 5 2009 	A disgusting hostel.	Actually is it not a hotel, it is a hostel. Rooms are very dirty.There is no hair-dryer, no air-conditioner in the room. Very old elevator. It is in bad area of the city. This hostel displays itself a good one but it isdisgusting. The bathroom and restroom are dirty also. The TV control is not working because its batteries are leaked. I think some comments about the hostel is just imaginary and lie.	
Jun 15 2009 	hostel type hotel in bad area of the city	i went to this hotel on the advice of tripadvisor- it is in the tenderloin, close to union square but a very scary area - the room was tiny, no a/c, very loud, manager looked afraid to unlock the door to let us in, then locked the door behind us...lots of rules about how to use the elevator, no coffee, no amenities. Which would all have been ok if it had been inexpensive, but they charged me more than quoted online to have our two daughters in the room with us, it ended up being almost $200 per night. I could have stayed somewhere much nicer for less. The only good part - we were only 2-3 blocks from the theater, which is why we were there. It was just not a nice walk.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great for what we paid!	We stayed at the Layne Hotel towards the end of our one year round the world trip. We booked the most basic room with a shared bathroom and stayed for 5 nights. It cist us around $50 per night through hostelbookers.com.The room was comfortable and had food preparation facilities (something very important to us on a budget :)), it was cleaned daily and the shared bathroom was never busy or dirty. Breakfast, whilst included, was pretty poor ($1 pre-packaged pastries and one cup of coffee/tea) but for what we paid we didn't feel this was a problem.The reception staff were always helpful and polite, the location is fantastic for seeing all sights. We walked most places as we had a lot of time and although some of these walks were pretty long, they were also a great way to see San Fran.After a year away we looked for and found a decent budget hotel, it is not luxurious and if I ever returned to San Fran or had friends visiting on a holiday, I would not recommend it unless they wanted a low price, good location room. To us, and after over 16 weeks in campervans in Oz/NZ and 5 days in flooded Nadi and a cockroach infested hostel, just having a TV and microwave in the room was fine :)	
May 22 2009 	Very friendly and helpful staff	The hotel is old but the prices are low, the rooms are clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. They didn`t even take tip although I wanted to give them some because of their kindness. It´slocated less than 5 minutes walk to union square. I recommend this location to everyone who needs a bed to sleep and a clean room during vacation. Who`s searching for luxus has to go anywhere. I would sty their again.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent budget hotel with all the service you could wish for	The stay at Layton hotel was excellent, the staff was really great and gave us all the help and advice we could wish for. The room was very nice and cosy and it was situated right in the centre.. just 5 min walk fom union square... I really recommend this hotel!!	
May 13 2009 	Great place for budget travellers right in the center of SF	As a woman who travels solo most of the time, it is very important to me to stay in a place that is easy accessible by public transportation. This is definitively the case for this hotel since it is only few blocks away from Union Square, BART, cable car and bus stop. The rooms are very clean and the managers of the hotel are very nice and helpful. If you consider the high price level that you can find everywhere in San Francisco, this hotel is a great deal. I will definitively stay there again during my next stay in San Francisco.	
Feb 8 2009 	simple and friendly treatment	Layne Hotel is well collocated, just some blocks from the lively and elegant Union Square. It’s also near to Powell Street, famous and coloured for its historic cable cars. The hotel is led by an Indian couple. They both are very kind and friendly. They will be glad to give you useful informations, if you ask for something, to organize your citytour and to get the best from your staying in San Francisco.The rooms are newly renovated, very simple but extremely clean. You have television, fridge and microwave. I surely reccomend you Layne Hotel, especially for its collocation in Downtown and for the Kindness of the owners. The prices are also reasonable.Daniela.	
Dec 26 2008 	Never Stay Here!	Absolutely nothing would make us think about staying at this dump - we lost our money rather than stay in this fleapit. The rooms were filthy and the decor unbelievable but the management still insist on keeping your payment even though to stay would endanger your health! They describe the hotel as recently refurbished but couldn't even show us one room that had even been recently redecorated never mind refurbished.	
Nov 23 2008 	nice place to stay well located (not at night tough..)	For being my first time in SF, I think I did a good choice with this hotel. The only thing is that before getting there, I called to see if I could arrive before the check in time and they said there will be no problem...yes there was a problem, because I have to wait 2 hours before getting to my room!! the guy at the front desk was kind of rude with me, so I just went to the restoran on the corner (were they serve hamburgers and chinese food), the food was pretty good and pretty cheap too. My room was ok, pillows are hard as a rock though, I had to sleep with a sweater instead. Bathroom clean, breakfast is really crappy, you have to go downstairs to get it, and they only have either coffee or juice, and one of those danish sweet things....there's no tables were you can sit to eat, so you have to eat it in your room. Fortunately, I had a grosserie store close so I bought some bread, ham and cheese for the rest of my stay.The hotel is really well located, is only 15-20 min away walkingto Union Square, were ChinaTown is too. Bus station is only around the corner, but I recomend if you're coming back at night, take a taxi or simply don't walk alone, specially if you 're a women (i'm not saying that WE don't know how to take care of ourselves...but this neighborhood is FULL OF HOMELESS PEOPLE!! always when you leave the hotel, make a left and keep walking...I stayed in the hotel for 5 days, during the Oustide Lands Festival. The hotel offers a lot of brochures about tours and places to see. I was happy to do a whole tour of SF for only 60-something dolars, this included Muir woods, Sausalito, Alamo Square, Chinatown, Golden gate bridge, etc. I recomend this hotel to young couples and lone travelers	
Nov 14 2008 	Great location and lovely clean room	This place is perfect if you want a clean bed, clean bathroom, a quiet nights sleep and a great location. It's a great cheap hotel. It might be cheap as a few homeless people are about, but that is a sad fact of city life and they are harmless. The whole city is a polite friendly place and great for tourists and the hotel is a great credit to it. It's in a great location, 5 mins walk from Union Square, near to the cable cars, BART and lots of buses too. Dotties Cafe opposite is ace too. Go here!	
Nov 8 2008 	Great Stay	Just came back from an excellent 10 day stay at Layne Hotel. Brillant location close to union square/powell st. Staff/front desk very friendly and helpful. Room large and very clean - it had TV, microwave &amp; fridge. Room cleaned daily and fresh towels provided. Didn't have breakfast - had american breakfasts out every morning. Would definitely stay here again. Real value for money.	
Oct 20 2008 	Clean and Quaint	I visited San Francisco with my daughter and because we were price shopping for hotels I knew that I would get what I paid for. The hotel was in a good area not far from Union Square and shopping at Market Street. The hotel itself has been renovated and was very clean. It still uses the 'old fashioned' elevators which are a nice break from all the electrical technical stuff we are surrounded by daily. The 'continental breakfast' was different than expected but good enough for a quick pastry before heading out into the city. The management was extremely nice and we felt very safe with the locked from door. I would definitely stay here again unless I am planning to spend gobs of money on a hotel room somewhere else. It gives a taste of the diversity of San Francisco!	
Oct 9 2008 	Terrible Customer Service	The hotel owners required my guests to leave driver's licenses at the front desk to come up to room and watch baseball game. Needless to say they were quite insulted and put off. Additionally, they called the room and informed us that I could not have guests in my room past 9pm. The staff called continually throughout the evening to ensure that we didn't have guests (well past 11pm). These are their policies, which as a seasoned international traveler, I have never come across anything as insulting. It felt more like a halfway house (as far as treatment) than a hotel. I would not recommend the Layne Hotel to anyone, under any circumstances.	
Oct 7 2008 	Fawlty Towers does not compare!	Terrible experience, arrived at 1:30, smelly and musty reception area, the man at the desk started to process our details and then said the room would be ready between 3 and 4 o clock, went for a walk and then arrived back at 3:45. Other people starting to arrive back for get key cards to rooms but they still were not ready. The reception man was slow, and went through a map of the area with everyone even when there was a q which further dealayed the check in process. Said he would check and see if our rooms were ready then and went off up the stairs with us waiting 5 minutes for him to come back. Our room was still not ready but he started on about payement then. Because we had booked on hotels.com and had no triple A card we were not eligible to any discount!! Due to a convention on in town that week we had to stay at the hotel for the 3 nights as there was no other place available. Finally got into our room at 6 o clock after a lesson in how to use the lift!! The Superior Room with a City View and continental breakfast turned out to be average sized room, with homeless people shouting outside the window at night and breakfast was tea and a banana passed out over the reception desk. The only positive was the bathroom was clean but the smell of cleaning products and bleach every day was very strong. Would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Definetely too expensive!	Definetely too expencive! Just because there was no free room with bathroom we took room without one. Room was very old and not very clean. There was no aircondition and sink in room was dirty. Sheared bathroom? - no comment - betterstay dirty all week.The worst was fact that if you want to change something with your booking they will charge you a 'security deposit' even over 48 hours beforethe date. Even if your reservation service e.g. hostelbookers.com took it before. . Location is great from the point of distance to the most attractions but there are lot of homeless individuals walking, sleeping and asking for the money in front of hotel!	
Sep 29 2008 	Too expensive for what you get	We stayed at the hotel with a crew of 4 people. Overall the hotel is a nice place and has clean rooms. In addition, it is located in a good area close to Union square, right where we wanted to stay. However, for what you get in return the hotel is absolutely not worth the money we spent for those rooms. The service could be good if you could understand what the poor man was saying, and if he could somewhat understand what you are saying. I have stayed at quite a few hotels but never have I had the problems when checking in and out from this hotel. The check in took app. 30 minutes, which is a lot when the only only thing you want is to go to you rooms and rest. Also, the night before we were supposed to check out the man stopped us and wanted us to pay for our room because the person who were supposed to work in the morning didn´t know how to charge a credit card. (This was at 1am). The breakfast, which you are suppose to get in the morning, is joke. When we reserved the rooms the guy told us that breakfast was included. What you get is a dry piece of biscuit covered in plastic (looks about 5 years old) and a coffe.To sum it all up. Nice-clean rooms, horrible serivce and staff that does not belong in a hotel. With the US$150/night + taxes you can get a way better hotel than this. Even though they say that breakfast is included you will still need to buy breakfast somewhere else, which is another cost. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone, unless there are no other rooms available in the city...then maybe.	
Sep 20 2008 	It felt like home	I just returned from my trip to San Francisco. My experience at Layne Hotel was excellent. Thumbs up! The personel is friendly, very helpful. If you arrive early for check-in or if you check-out and your flight is only in 6 hours, you can leave your luggages safely. They take good care of their customer. My room was clean, big enough, the bed was excellent, like my own at home. I had a private bathroom, clean, the towels were changed everyday.Yes, the hotel is located at the edge of Union Square and Tenderloin. You can see homeless people. However, they don't bother, they ask for spare change. If you walk on Geary street, there is a lot of people, you will feel safe. There is a police station three streets down toward Market street, I felt safe even at 11 pm. It is well situated, the Muni bus #38 passes on Geary St. toward Ocean Beach and also the Legion of honor, you are 5-10 minutes from Powell BART-Muni metro station and the Powell-Mason &amp; Powell-Hyde cable cars. For sure, I will return to Layne hotel if I am going back to San Francisco.	
Sep 7 2008	friendly hotel	this is a friendly, clean and charming place to stay. It's rather simple, don't expect fancy extra's. The people working there are willing to help you and explain you where you need to go. It's on the edge of a not so good area, if you keep in mind where to go, it's no problem at all and close to union square where you can easily walk too.	
Aug 17 2008 	Nice little hotel	I came to SF for business and had to select a reasonably priced hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by the Hotel Layne. It is family-run and they make you feel welcome. The rooms have basic amenities such as an ironing board and blow dryer but are not fancy. The bathroom was spotless. Neighborhood borders on the Tenderloin and the streets get a little tricky (panhandlers, etc) but it's not the worst I've seen. Just use street smarts and you'll be fine. Would I stay again? Yes!	
Aug 13 2008 	Brilliant Location Clean Rooms	The Layne hotel is in a brilliant location, 2 blocks from Union Sqare. I stayed there with 3 of my friends. As we are students, it was more expensive than a hostel,but it was worth it as the rooms were really clean, tv with good channels, nice bathroom. The hotel is ran by an Indian family who are all really friendly and gave us a good discount at a local Hookah bar which was a fun experience. Breakfast however is a bit misleading, you ask at the reception desk for a coffee and a packaged pastry, its ok on the go but there's not really a place to sit down and its uncomfortable asking for refils. There are quite a few homeless people on the block near the hotel but they dont really hastle you, you are in the tourist area of Union Square in 3 mins!! There is a Starbucks and a Wallgreens located right nearby!! Def worth staying here!!	
Aug 11 2008 	Love the Layne	This is a wonderful hotel, old school architecture all newly renovated and very clean. The room was modern and very comfortable. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, especially Raj. Perfect location for exploring San Francisco. I would highly recommend this hotel for an enjoyable stay in that magical city.	
Jul 24 2008 	pleasant experience	hotel layne is a fantastic hotel. located in the heart of sanfransico at powell station, it was really convenient for going to the places of interests. the staff at the hotel were also extremely friendly and briefed us on how to walk to chinatown, union sq etc upon our arrival. the room was really neat and tidy. i saved alot of money walking to the places of interest not having to take the BART and i'd definitely go back to hotel layne if i go back to san fran =)	
Jul 24 2008 	A very pleasant stay	Me and my Mom went to the Layne in June 2008 and stayed there for 4 days. It is very central-located, just 10-15 min walk from Union Square and Market Street and just 5 min from the bus stop. As soon as we arrived the first thing our taxi driver told us, was not to go right down the hill, but only left. Well, in fact, we discovered that on the right side there were a lot of poor and homeless people and also drug addicts. But just don’t go there alone late at night and you will have no problems. Our stuff in the room was always still there when we came back and it was also very quiet, at night too (remember we stayed there during the Gay-Pride Weekend!). As soon as we entered our room we recognized a little muffy smell, but after two days with opened window it was gone. Our room was cleaned every day and they gave us always new towels and soaps. There was a refrigerator, a microwave, an iron and a hair-dryer and also cable tv, although we were so tired every night, that we just fell asleep in our beds!. The beds are in fact very comfortable, however the bed cover smelled a bit. There was always hot water in the shower, but it came not so much water down from it. Anyway, the hotel staff was very very friendly, explained us the ways to get to the various parts of the city and always gave us two cups of coffee or two donuts for breakfast, if we asked for it. The elevator is one of the old ones, with the grate, but it worked and was very characteristic. So, in conclusion, our stay at the Layne was satisfactory, especially if you consider the price and the fact that it is very close the the centre of S.F. I would recommend it to young people that want a place value for money while they visit the city, but also to families, couples or older people that content themselves with not so much, but that appreciate friendly and kind people at the front desk. My mother and I were very satisfied with the Layne!	
Jul 4 2008 	Best value in town	The Layne Hotel would have to be one of the best deals in San Francisco. Not only is it in a great location it has wonderful clean rooms with the most wonderful staff who are so helpful and give great tips of what to do and where to eat etc.Do yourselves a favour and stay here.After nine weeks in North America this would rate as the best hotel that we stayed in and the best value for money.	
May 5 2008 	LOVELY HOTEL	I love this hotel sooo much! It first and foremost, the people who work there are the nicest people you will ever meet.They are so nice, and they take very good of you.The rooms are great, the beds are comfortable, the location is excellent!!!I really can't tell you how great this hotel is.There is also a great little Turkish restaurant across the street, and its great!!! I highly recommend this hotel,and I will definitely stay there again!!EXCELLENT HOTEL!!!	
Apr 30 2008 	Excellent value. A hotel with comfort 	I would highly recommend this hotel for couples or travellers on a budget. It's on the edge of a slightly dodgy area but so long as you approach from the up hill end you'll be fine. Beggars are a fact in San Francisco, they are to be found around all the nearby posh hotels too. We had no problems at all. The hotel is very secure with a 24 hour reception to buzz you in. The location is good. A few blocks from Union Sq &amp; all the shops. Plenty of attractions a quick walk or bus ride away.The room was spacious with a big comfy bed, fridge, microwave, big TV, modern bathroom, lots of hanging space, desk, nice decor and all in good, clean condition. The communal areas are a little dated but well kept and with a nice character (we enjoyed the vintage gated elevator!) The owners are very friendly and helpful. This place was a real bargain - the nicest and cheapest place we stayed during our American tour.	
Apr 27 2008 	The best hotel in the world	The Layne Hotel is an excellent place to stay while visiting the beautiful city of San Francisco.We have been traveling the world for a year and stumbled across The Layne Hotel through &quot;Hostelbookers.com&quot;, which gave us an excellent rate and has been our best accommodation for the price throughout our travels. On arrival to the hotel we were greeted by friendly and helpful staff They gave us great information about the area from places to eat to things to see. The room we stayed in was spacious and to a high standard, with a microwave, fridge and cable tv. It was cleaned daily with fresh bed sheets. The shared bathrooms were new and fresh and always clean.This hotel is a perfect place to stay if you want a quiet, friendly and good value for money hotel in San Francisco. In fact it was so good that we have booked to stay here again.The location of the hotel is just 4 blocks from Union Square and minutes away from great local eateries. Although the area has many homeless, it is not dangerous and The Layne Hotel has 24 hour security .	
Mar 25 2008 	value for money	I stayed for 5 nights in the hotel , i must say it is value for money. it is very near to all amnesties, and city centre. the manger and his wife were very freindly. rooms anre clean and linen changed every day. i had superkiing size bed for single occupancy. overall impression is good apart from the neighbiurhood which is bit rough, but no trouble	
Mar 20 2008	One of the best hotels in San Francisco	Rooms were very clean, excellent service, absolutely magnificent	
Mar 12 2008	Horrible Layne Hotel	We were lured into the hotel via phone by incredibly low prices. Once were arrived, we were told a different fee, which was very high compared to the first fee.We were tricked into going to the Layne Hotel by false information and were told that were would have to pay a one night cancellation fee. We were lied to multiple times.The neighborhood is very unsafe!	
Mar 4 2008	Great Service and Beautiful Rooms!	The hotel was absolutely fabulous! The customer service was great and they made sure my needs were met. When I called the front desk to ask for anything the employees were very prompt in bringing the things I needed as fast as they could. The rooms were spacious and priced accurately. The decor was simply yet elegant, which is something that I recommend for anyone who wants a place to just relax during all those hectic business trips. The restaurant is also located right next to some fabulous restaurants so you don't have to travel too far to find good food. I don't know if any of you have been to Shalimar or Chutney but both of these restaurants will make your taste buds tingle, and they are both located within a block of this hotel.Overall, I completely enjoyed my stay at Hotel Layne, and I would definitely come back to stay each and every time I come out to San Francisco, and I highly suggest that you do the same!	
Feb 29 2008	At-home atmosphere	Randy Patel - the owner - and his family treated me and my husband like their own family. Comfortable experience. One of the best rates in town! You won't be able to find a better rate in the heart of downtown San Francisco with this kind of family-comfortable atmosphere.	
Jan 4 2008 	Comfortable clean safe room	We stayed for 4 nights at the end of a 10 month round the world trip. The hotel is run and staffed by a friendly Indian family who are happy to assist with enquiries without being 'in your face'. Security is good with camera entry on front door and key card to room. We had a large room with two double beds, tv, loads of storage and a good en suite. The room was cleaned daily and was spotless. We were at the front of the Hotel but didnt find it noisy. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a comfortable clean room travelling on a budget.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good experience	From 24th of nov. till 10th of nov. I stayed in Layne Hotel. The hotel is nice, quiet. The building and the room are kept well and very clean. The people who run the hotel are very nice, polite, helpfull and kind. The place is safe. I trusted the hotel completely, had never difficultys to leave things of valuable worth in my room behind. The people that worked there were all very nice people!There is no breakfast, but if you want you can get till 10am coffee.It is downtown, well located nearby public travic. It was always very easy to find my way in the city.Prices of the rooms are very attractive and most reasonable.The frontdoor is always locked, for safetyreasons. There is 24 hours somebody available to open the door for you if you want to come home anytime of the day of the night.If I come to San Francisco again, I definitely would like to stay in Layne Hotel again!René Veen, Utrecht, Netherlands.	
Sep 7 2007 	Randy is the best!	Randy is the best. Ask for him, he'll definitely take care of you.This boutique hotel in the middle of downtown is walking distance from anything and everything in SF.The rooms are great and the service is even better.If you are looking for a place to give you everything you need while in SF, make this your place.	
Aug 14 2007 	too strict	This hotel stay was so awful. There where bums at the front door. The floors where really dirty. I got yelled at alot by the manager. In all of my past hotel stays that has never happened to me. I wanted to leave but I had a no refund policy. It was my sisters birthday. I wish I could get my money back from our very expensive and awful experiance. This is by far the worst hotel experiance I have had in my entire life. In order to enter the hotel you have to get the door opened for you and you have to have wait for someone to walk down and check your id. You may not have anyone visit you at all! I did do research before we went to the hotel and the pictures where beautiful. It was not like the pictures. There is NO PARKING! Do not trust the parking lot next door. I witnessed a couple of cars getting hit and the owner of the car asked the attendent what happened and he acted like he didn't know. I have so many more compliants, but I'm afraid they won't all fit.	
Aug 6 2007	Scary neighborhood	I can't comment on the hotel, but the neighborhood did not look safe. We booked the hotel via Hotwire since it was advertised as Union Square &quot;West&quot;. What Hotwire doesn't tell you is that west of Union Square is The Tenderloin which is the most crime ridden neighborhood in San Francisco. We never entered the hotel because we did not want to stay in that neighborhood. Still fighting with Hotwire to get my money back but I'd rather lose the money than risk the safety of my girlfriend and property. If I didn't have my girlfriend or a car with me, I might have stayed there. For downtown San Francisco, it is a bargain. But you get what you pay for.	
Jul 24 2007 	Good Value at the Layne	We just stayed for one night at this small hotel just a few blocks from the action at Union Square. The hosts are very friendly and most anxious to help. Our room was small but the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom had been recently renovated. This property is great for anyone looking for value for money. We would stay again but next time ask for a room on the back because Jones Street is quite noisy.	
May 22 2007 	Good experience	We stayed at Hotel Layne from May 18-21, 2007 and overall had a very positive experience. The hotel is located a few blocks from Union Square so it's a great base for exploring downtown. As long you make sure to walk down Geary street there shouldn't be a problem (i.e. you won't get hassled by street people). We made our reservation through Hotwire and thought that the price was very reasonable ($74/night) given the central location. Make sure that you ask for a room facing away from Jones Street when you check-in, otherwise you will be up all night due to the noise from traffic. The rooms were very clean and had all the necessities (including a fridge and microwave). However, breakfast was not included contrary to Hotwire's assertion that it would be..	
May 20 2007 	Not worth the price at all!	We booked this hotel trough Hotwire so we did not have the choice after and we weren't able to be reiumbursed. It was a terrible stay! The curtains have HUGE holes in them, the window is so thin that you can hear everything outside. It is VERY noisy during all the night (firemen station near so you have the sirens all the night, a noisy bar right in front og the hotel). The room was kind of clean (the bathroom was OK) but everything is very very old and not in good condition. There is also a lot of homeless in the Jones St. so it's not safe during the night.Clearly the hotel is not worth 2 stars and not worth its price (around $130 tax inc.). For 30$ more you can have a MUCH better hotel near chinatown and union square. I took some photos of the hotel quickly, and you'll understand why there no more (and bigger) photos on the hotel's website.	
May 3 2007 	Not the best place...	My partner and i decided to stay at the Layne Hotel as we heard the location was very good. We arrived at the hotel and were greeted at the reception by a woman who was training a new member of staff. So the check inn wasn't the quickest we'd recieved on our trip across the US. We were then given the key to our room, when we got into the room it had a strong smell of disinfectant. Which was not nice because none of the windows opened. The rooms are very basic and smell clean but don't really look it. My partner went to use the toilet and it didn't flush so i went downstairs to tell them and the lady on reception said she would get it fixed. By this point me and my partner went out for a while to chill out. Came back and were told we would have to change rooms because no one could fix the toilet. We were given a new key to different room, opened the door and there was tissue all over the table and no linen on the beds. At this point, i'm unhappy with the hotel because it wasn't as nice as i had heard about. I went back down the stairs and was given a different key to another room, apologies were made about the toilet and the other room being dirty. Finally the room, was cleanish but still smelt of disinfectant, oh well we decided it would do. We finally settled down and decided it would do for the days we were there and wanted to order a pizza. We tried to use the telephone in the room and it didn't work. Yet again i had to go back down the stairs and tell them the telephone didn't work. I wouldn't reccomend this hotel for a long period of time, two days max but only for the location. Thanks	
Apr 23 2007 	We liked it.	It all depends on what you want from a hotel. We need two beds, a fridge and a microwave. The Layne provides that. It ain't an upscale and fancy place, but it's clean, and Randy Patel, his wife and mother are wonderful hosts, and the place has charm with it's old elevator. If you like to walk around SF, this is simply the best location from which to start. It's walking distance from almost anywhere you want to go, and public transportation is easy, too. The neighborhood is the edge of the Tenderloin, and there is a wide variety of street folks, but the area is well police patrolled, and we never saw any unpleasant instances. We had a front street room, so there is a bit of noise, but you'll find city noise wherever you stay in SF and regarless of the price. We use ear plugs and slept easily in good beds. Believe me, I shopped around at all the hotels in the area, and found the Layne to be the best value for our needs. We'd gladly stay there again.	
Apr 17 2007	Terrible experience	I do not know why it gets two star! I think it is worse than motel or inn. The room there is not clean and the smell in the lobby is terrible. There is no coffeepot, no cups, no shampoo, no toothpaste, no toothbrush, no air conditioner. Don't mention breakfast or internet or...In all, they apply nothing except the tissue in the bathroom. Besides, the elevator is so old that you have to worry about your safety while taking it and the stairs is dark and narrow. It is only enough for one person walking through. Trust me, do not take this hotel if you want a good mood and stay health in San Francisco. My friend lived in Fusion Hotel, I visited him while I was there. The fusion Hotel is also 2 star, but it 100 times better than this one. The location is convenience, the room is clean and the service is good too. I am very regret that I did not do any research while I took this one. I forgot to take some pictures about this hotel, or I can give you more information about this &quot;2 star&quot; hotel. It is really terrible experience there!	
Feb 9 2007	Does what it says on the tin!!!	The Layne Hotel is a great base for a city break in san Fransisco. It has a great location just outside the main shopping centre of Union Square.  The rooms are fine/clean and you have everything you need.. Randy and his family who own the layne are very helpful and will help you out whenever they can...  if i were going to stay in san fransisco for a shopping or sight seeing hols then this is where i would stay again.. great budget hotel with great location...	
Feb 8 2007 	Very perfect stay!	The Layne is a great place to stay in San Francisco! The location is excellent -- walking distance to Union Square, the cable cars, BART, and lots of interesting art galleries and restaurants. The room was comfortable, clean, and secure. The staff was friendly and gave me a great rate on the room. We even got a bigger bed than what I was expecting! They kindly watched over our luggage for the day after we checked out: we had a later flight out and happily tipped the kid at the desk for lightening our load for our last day of touristing. I trust he gave that tip to his parents! I'd definitely book here again and recommend the Layne to anyone looking for a comfortable, clean, safe place to stay while exploring around San Francisco.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great place to stay	I stayed at the Layne Hotel between the dates of January 12 to the 17th 2007. I read many reviews of the hotel before I arrived so didn't know what to expect. I had read that the area was shady and that it was quite noisy so was considering changing to a different hotel. Well I'm glad I didn't. The owners were very welcoming, area was quite nice and I had no trouble sleeping at all (I am a very light sleeper). I even had to catch a tour bus from another hotel and had to leave at 6.15am and had no problem walking around at that time at all. I travel a lot on my own and had such a great time. The rooms were large and were cleaned to a very high standard. It is such a good price for the location. If you read any bad reports about this hotel then the people must be very very fussy!	
Nov 1 2006 	Mixed feelings but generally good.	The place has a very nice location as it is less than 2 blocks from Union square, and right in front of Dottie's cafe! The staff are very friendly, willing to help out and in giving directions. The hotel per se is clean, neatly painted. Their elevator is an old elevator which can be a pain for inpatient people. The room was clean every single day we stayed there. The bathrooms were also clean and the shower was spacious.The biggest problem we found was that we were staying ina 3rd story room facing the streets, there was a lot of noise and since the rooms have no AC noise to neutralize the street sounds, sleeping was diffciult at times. Also because the amount of drug addicts/beggars is increasing in this area sometimes you get pestered for money sometimes. Also there was a lot of noise and since the rooms have no AC noise to neutralize the street sounds, sleeping was diffciult at times. The room with king bed is not reccommended for more than 2 people as there is very little space left in the room. Also there is no free wireless.	
Oct 30 2006 	Layne Hotel - A place to sleep without feeling ashamed. And not much more.	The Layne Hotel was adequate as a place to stay the night, but hardly enticing. I stayed four nights and was not at all sorry to leave.The antique elevator was fun and interesting, but not a real reason to stay overnight--visit it as a tourist if you like. If you have large dimensions or large luggage you might have trouble fitting through the elevator door. And, if you are uncomfortable with elevators, you definitely don't want to use this one as it operates with clinks and clanks and its workings are more exposed, being quite old. Small children definitely need physical restraining during the ride as serious injury is possible if you stick your hand through the bars. I wouldn't stay in the hotel with a small child just on principle.The narrow spiral staircase was not a great alternative to the elevator.And what is it with hotels and bedsheets? I like the sheet to cover the mattress and firmly tuck in, not to have an inch of mattress exposed at the bottom of the bed where my toes will touch it. Now, all mattresses at all hotels are not cleaned very often, but who wants to touch the same spot that other, perhaps unwashed feet have spent hundreds of nights touching? Yuck! Attempting repair of the sheet tucking revealed that the sheet was not long enough to tuck in both at the top and the bottom, so you have to choose one or the other. Also, the top sheet was tucked in so tightly and so far on the sides that pulling it out halfway dislodged the bottom sheet, too.The bed also had a bonus spring sticking out of it which I was able to avoid as I was its only occupant. But the two deep body impressions made the night a somewhat bumpy and leaning &quot;travelling&quot; experience.There is no air conditioning. Opening the unscreened window did cool the room, but once I was assaulted by cigar smoke and had to close the window right away.Directly across from the hotel is a massage parlor and within one block are three more. I know for sure that at least one of these has a rather liberal definition of masseuse (that is, prostitute).The front door is always locked and you have to be buzzed in every time you wish to enter. The staff was friendly and helpful.There was only a single garbage can in the room (in the bathroom), no facial tissues so blow your nose on toilet paper, and no clock on the nightstand, although they do offer wake-up calls.Pluses which I didn't really care about were a refrigerator and microwave.For the price, the room was adequate, and I am not telling you not to stay there, as nothing was so bad that I couldn't deal with it. But when you stay at a 2-star hotel, you get 2-star accomodations.	
Oct 10 2006 	Not terrible....but now wary of hotwire!	If you booked your stay through hotwire and are now locked in, don't panic, it's not terrible. We just returned from 3 nights there after being locked in through hotwire. The rooms are ok, heed the other warnings - rooms facing the window are incredibly loud. It's not the hotel's fault, street cleaning is done daily in the morning and street drunks are loud late into the night.The hotel is conveniently located to Union Sq. and the fact of the matter is it's probably just one block over too far, making the location borderline. The family that runs it is very nice and helpful and they take every precaution to ensure that only hotel guests are coming and going - if someone at the front desk doesn't recognize you they'll ask to see your room key before you head into the elevator. We appreciated that.If you're traveling on a budget, the price probably can't be beat. However if you do have a little flexibility I might recommend looking into the Andrews Hotel which is only about 2 blocks away, but in the right direction.	
Oct 6 2006 	Touch of family	I enjoyed my stay at the layne hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is near to many attractions in town and is worth its rate. My room was clean, particularly the bath room was cleaner than in hotels of a similar category. The service in Layne has to be emphasized: Owner Randy and his family are very helpful and they are really concerned about security of their guests (24h desk). I felt very homelike at Layne and can recommend it. However, the rooms to the street are noisy due to the bad windows but S. F. made me so tired that I had no problems to sleep. And Randy promised to change the windows in the next months.	
Oct 5 2006 	Good value helpful staff	We had a very nice stay in this family-owned hotel with character. The rooms are clean and comfortable and a great value for San Francisco. The owner/manager and his wife were very helpful and friendly. Our room was quite quiet. The only negative is that Hotwire indicated that complimentary breakfast was included but none was provided.	
Oct 5 2006 	GREAT stay at Layne Hote	Enjoyed a 4 nite stay. Couldn't have been better! The owners, the Patels were a tremendous help with everything from restaurant recommendations to how to get around the city (directions, maps, &amp; transit) and what sights to see. Kathy was extremely knowledgeable about it all which was fantastic! The hotel's location is GREAT! Very short walk to Union Square, cable cars, street cars, buses to get you all over town. The room was very clean &amp; comfortable, good size, nice beds and bathroom. Liked having the microwave and fridge in the room.Very nice, clean and affordable. Would definitely recommend.	
Sep 14 2006 	Great location friendly and clean	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 9 nights at the end of August. The family who run it are friendly and always willing to point you in the right direction to restaurants, sights etc..The hotel is only a five minute walk to Union square which suited us perfectly .I would highly recommend the Layne, it's very clean, the rooms had everything we needed, towels, iron, soap, shampoo etc. It is very reasonable, i would say you get more than you pay in every way. All I would mention is that if you can, ask for an internal room as they are much quieter than those overlooking the street.	
Aug 14 2006 	Absoloutely fantastic budget option.	The owners were so helpful and friendly, they guided me to the best places to eat and visit and where to avoid.The room was old in style but so clean and comfortable and i would recommend this place to anyone. My room was a single one and beat being in a dorm!!! thanks to the owners for a fab time. Carolyn	
Aug 10 2006 	Thanks to Randy	We selected this hotel by chance. when we (three German Harley-drivers) reached S.F. on our rented bikes. Thanks to Randy and his wife for the hospitality and the good advices to enjoy the stay. The rooms were absolutely clean and quiet at nigthtime, we would come back.	
Aug 2 2006 	really friendly	The owner Randy and his family are friendly and helpful.They told you not to go to certain areas because those places are not safe enough for visitors.They gave you some warm feelings and make your stay in this hotel assembled being at home.The room is clean and basically you got everything there.And so many channels of TV programs,not like some hotels only got handful to watch.The old-fashioned elevator,I like that to add some retro-style to this hotel.Glad Randy keeps that elevator.There's only one thing not so pleasant,the noise on the street.But that's the way it is to live in a big city.Overall I think it is a nice experience to stay here.	
Jul 24 2006 	Great place to stay	This hotel is reasonably priced and well worth the money. The rooms are average, but they are very clean. Parking is nearby and you can feel safe leaving your car there. It is also very close to the trolleys and Market Square. The best part about the hotel are the owners. They are very helpful. They recommended places to eat and visit. They even made us a reservation with a table overlooking the water. Very nice couple and great customer service. I would highly recommend staying here.	
Jul 17 2006 	Great Friendly Hotel for the Money	Very pleased with the excellent cleanliness of the room. The hotel evidently was renovated a few years back, and except for the lobby (which could use a makeover) it was spic and span. The check-in staff were extremely hospitable. The hotel directly straddles the shoddy Tenderloin area as well as the more attractive Nob Hill/Grace Cathedral area. Not to worry; the Tenderloin area is more filthy than dangerous as long as you keep your wits about you. Great Thai, Indo-Pak and Indonesian ethnic restaurants, as well as coffeeshops nearby. Short stroll from Union Square.Only recommendation would be to ask for a room if available away from the street, as it gets noisy there in the evening no doubt. Otherwise, a great stay at a most reasonable rate in a beautiful city. I would gladly recommend the hotel.	
Jul 2 2006	Super Kind Hospitality	Very nice hotel near the center of San Francisco.The owner is very kind and willing to help his hosts.Absolutely reccomended.	
Jun 27 2006	Know where you're going and you'll be fine	Since this hotel's rates will attract budget-minded travelers, be aware that the hotel's &quot;incidentals&quot; deposit is $250. On checkout, you should be handed a void slip, which will completely annoy your bank as it eliminates all of their excuses for a poky return of those funds.Rooms were clean, though the blankets had cigarette burn holes in them and the carpet had some bad spots in dire need of a deep clean or total replacement. In-room television, fridge, and microwave were new and worked fine. Bathroom was clean, though the towels were small and thin.The elevator is old, but safe. You may find it is easier to walk down to the lobby than wait for the elevator. Late-night partyers should be aware that they turn off the elevator after midnight, which can make for a challenging trek back to your room in some circumstances.The neighborhood can be scary if you're not used to large cities. Not much can be done about it -- either you've got street smarts and common sense or you don't. Just be aware of your surroundings and you'll be fine.This is not a huge chain hotel. It is a 40-room inn run by a very nice family, who also happens to live on the premises. As such, they are somewhat observant regarding the people coming and going from their home. If you plan on having lots of guests coming on going, or any sort of noisy parties, you're probably best off sticking with one of the national brands.This is a hotel in the hear of a densely populated city. This means there will probably be noise around the clock. If you are expecting the monastic quiet of the suburbs, then you should probably find something down the peninsula instead of staying in the city.	
Jun 13 2006 	Noise is the biggest problem	I decided to stay at the Layne after reading the reviews on internet thinking the noise can't be such big problem, and I was wrong. When I first talked in, I can see the hotel being a boutique, the service is good and the room is decent size for the price. The room is clean and they've got TV, fridge, microwave, and good condition bathroom. The neighborhood is a bit sketchy so you see homeless and weird people, but its expected in a city. However, the window of the room is too thin and cannot be shut seal, so I could hear people talking, cars driving by, and sirens going on at night. I would not recommend to anyone who is a light sleeper to stay here, and for heavy sleepers you should still try to stay away from the rooms next to the street. I have to say overall the hotel, the service, and the tidiness of the room is satisfied, but the noise is the only thing that keeps me from staying here again.	
May 4 2006	A Great Budget Hotel	The Hotel Layne is an excellent budget hotel - one that I would highly recommend. It is very close to the heart of San Francisco, yet costs very little. It is run by a very hospitable family, the Patels, who do everything possible to make their guests welcome. The rooms are clean and comfortable - far superior to many hotels in higher price brackets.Stay there. See for yourself!	
May 1 2006	So-so.	My boyfriend and I stayed here last weekend after booking the Layne unseen through Hotwire. It turned out alright, but neither as great nor as terrible as some of the other reviewers' experiences.The good:The decor of the place was cute (but an old-fashioned cute that almost bordered on creepy, I must say). The man downstairs at the counter didn't seem too friendly when we first arrived, but he quickly warmed up and became quite nice. We ended up checking out a little late, at about 11:20 or so, but he didn't say anything about it or charge us extra.The room was a decent size, and clean, with a microwave and fridge, and the beds were nice and springy. It was within walking distance of Union Square, which was really nice. (But I wouldn't say it's in Union Square itself, as Hotwire did.)And we did enjoy using the old-fashioned elevator, although if it wasn't already at the floor we were, it takes so long to come that it's not really worth waiting for.The bad: The neighborhood was definitely sketchy. We had a room facing the street, so there was a lot of noise late a night and pretty early in the morning. The stairs are pretty narrow and curved - don't try to go down them wearing heels.The towels were very thin &amp; small - we wondered if maybe they had forgotten to give us bath towels at all; the ones we had were only slightly larger than hand towels.But I must say the thing that bothered me the most about this place was the way the beds were made. The bottom sheet was pulled way up so that about 6 inches of the mattress liner/mattress itself were exposed at the foot of the bed. We basically had to remake the bed ourselves. Also, the thin beige-colored blanket that's standard in these places had a bunch of holes in it (although they didn't look moth-bitten, thankfully).All in all, it's a passable place to stay if you're on a very tight budget. Not great, not terrible, just so-so.	
Apr 27 2006 	Nice place to stay!	I stayed a week at the Layne Hotel and was very pleased. The room was very clean and comfortable and the bathroom completely renovated. Randy and his family were just great and the hotel is in a good location (the homeless people around the area did not bother at all). My only complain would be about the towels (too small and thin), but I will definitely stay there next time!	
Apr 25 2006	Pleasant Surprise!	Thank you, Randy and family for the wonderful hospitality that I received while I stayed at the Layne Hotel in San Fracisco during my participation at the annual meeting of the American Educational Research Association, April 7-11, 2006. The room was clean, the service excellent, and the price just right. I have already spread the word among friends and colleagues about this wornderful hotel in San Francisco.Again, mil gracias!Carlos J. Ovando, Ph.D.ProfessorArizona State University	
Apr 17 2006	A Nice Place to Stay	We booked our trip on Hotwire and were worried when we read some of the older reviwes posted to this site. We tried to get out of our reservation with no luck. Upon our arrival in San Francisco we were very pleasantly surprised. The hotel was close to all the shopping around Union Square. Our room was decent with a newly remodeled bathroom. Overall the hotel was very clean and comfortable and the staff were amazing. We had no more problem with homeless people near the hotel than anywhere else in the city and we would definitely stay again.	
Apr 16 2006 	Great for the price -- terrific service	We booked the Layne through Hotwire, and were a bit leery after reading some of the reviews on this site. When we got there, however, we were very pleased. The hotel is extremely clean, the staff was GREAT, and the hotel is close to everything. It is a family run hotel, and they got the extra distance to make sure that you have a pleasant stay. Cathy was wonderful about actually drawing out where to go (and where not to go) on the complimentary maps at the front desk. Margaret followed up one of the wake-up calls one morning to make sure we were actually up, because she knew that we had an important early session at our conference that morning. I would recommend The Layne Hotel to any budget-conscious traveller! But do be aware that &quot;breakfast&quot; is just a packaged sweet roll and coffee... don't be disappointed.	
Apr 14 2006 	Layne Rules!	The hotel is magnificent, and the service is incredible. It is conveniently located three blocks away from Union Square. The front desk people is extremely helpful.	
Apr 11 2006 	Layne Hotel is our new home in SF!!!!	My husband and I were exhibitors at a convention in SF. We stayed at the Layne because it was a great deal in the Union Square (big tourist) area. We found the service to be impeccable and very homely and friendly. The family that runs the hotel is so very nice and we promised to be back again next year! The retro elevator was delightful and the hotel was busy the entire stay (5 days). The only complaint was the towels, which although were changed out every day along with room cleaning, were very thin. The hotel is an excellent choice for a budget traveler not looking for a hostel environment but wanting to be in the center of all the SF action. We'll definitely be staying at the Layne for years to come when we exhibit at the APE convention!!!!	
Apr 10 2006	Layne Hotel Amazing Hospitality	Layne Hotel is a great Euro style hotel in Union Square. When I called to make my reservation, I informed the manager of the business of my trip (surprise for a friend on birthday). To my surprise when I checked in, my room was upgraded along with the other friends I had staying there. They treated us like family from the moment we wented, till the moment we left. It is a wonderful family owned hotel. I highly recommend this hotel. As someone who has worked in 5 diamond luxury hotels before, you will not recieve the hospitality there, that you will recieve at Layne Hotel.2 Thumbs up, WAY UP.Ask for Cathy or Randy.Good Luck Guys!!!!!!!!	
Apr 6 2006	Checkout Layne Hotel on Jones street S.F	Whilst in San Francisco I stayed at Layne Hotel on Jones. I recommend to everybody as the Hotel is located close to Union Sqare,one of the famous landmarks of San Francisco. A walking distance to the main shops and an easy excess for buses, muni, cable cars. The staff at Layne are friendly, nice and helpful. The rooms are well equipped with a fridge and a cable t.v. It is clean,immaculate, quite and safe. No curfews and the rates are reasonably cheap. I would recommend Hotel Layne to everyone travelling by themselves or more when travelling to San Francisco. The next time I am around San Francisco, that is the place I would go and stay. It is the best deal in hotels in San Francisco. My stay was pleasant and enjoyable apart from the grey, wet weather which reminded me of home. I would like to thank the Layne staff for their hospitality. Cheers....Nina	
Mar 1 2006	Family Matters!		
Feb 27 2006	Clean but noisey		
Jan 15 2006 	Clean!		
Jan 13 2006 	good enough for the price		
Nov 9 2005 	Layne Hotel - Authentic San Francisco		
Aug 15 2005	Nearly Assaulted by Staff		
Aug 13 2005	Dangerous...Dirty!!!!		
Jul 25 2005	I'd stay here again		
Sep 17 2004	Great Stay		
Mar 15 2004	Not even a good last resort		
Nov 4 2008 	Super Service!		
Oct 26 2008 	No hospitality !???????		
Sep 11 2008 	Kleines Zimmer dreckig und überteuert für ein Zimmer mit Etagendusche/WC.		
