	Do not stay here!	Where to begin?....I can not believe how this rat hole is still in business(excuse my language). Instead of using the profit they receive from us unfortunate customers to upgrade and refurbish the &quot;hole&quot;, they instead remolded their lobby to attract unsuspecting tourists. I'm sure others have fallen victim to the one nice picture they show of this lobby. When i explained the lack of ammenities that i received and the discomfort that I felt, I was called a thug, a hoodlum (I was wearing a business suit), and was warned that the police would be called on ME! As if I was the source of the problem. My wife and I were given no &quot;continental breakfast&quot;, no &quot;free internet&quot;, no towels, no heat, no toilet paper, no service, and NO RESPECT! Please do not contribute to the scam they are running. Do not risk your health and sanity. Save yourself. DO NOT, DO NOT, DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Nov 11 2009 	BED BUGS!	Ease of making a reservation was very simple and not complicated at all. The staff was friendly and very accommodating. This first room was dirty and the toilet didn't flush. Requested to move rooms. The second room &quot;appeared&quot; clean until we realized the next morning that we slept with bed bugs. The rooms have no a/c, and the elevators take forever to arrive. Although we booked for 5 nights, we checked out the day after we arrived, notified the front desk of the bed bugs. He apologized and said &quot;oh, we need to close that room&quot;. He reversed all charges without complications. Unless, the situation with what seems to be an on-going concern with bed bugs improves, I will never stay there again.	
Nov 10 2009 	bed bug infestation!	The location was good and the staff were friendly. Thats the only good thing! We arrived in our room which stank of smoke, had a shower which did not work abd was dirty. We requested to move room. The staff were really helpful and upgraded us to a suite. We thought this was great until we found that the toilet did not flush properly, the fridge smelt of rotten food and the bed was infested with biting creatures. We ended up with around 30 bites each and decided to move to a motel a few blocks away! When we asked for our money back the lady at front desk did not even seem suprised with our many bug bites.....i wonder how many times she has had the same complaint? I would not recommend this place to anyone!	
Nov 6 2009 	Great Location and Price But Very Funky.. The Dead Tree Inn	They should change the name since the palm tree shown by the pool was like 5 stories tall but very much dead, apparnetly for many years now. That sets the tone for this ill-maintained hotel that is a mostly dirty, smelly place. It smells like they have not updated the carpet since the 1970s when everyone smoked and the smell lives on, everywhere. Poor maid service, that is if you get any, and it apparently does not include clean sheets over 5 nights. The pool was dirty and the &quot;Breakfast&quot; was very week with small boxes of raisin bran and jugs of milk with weak coffee and OJ served up daily. Mostly Europeans were staying there, and apparently they did not know better, or the low ball Internet price of $41. brought them in. My view from the fifth floor was nice and I could see the Golden Gate Bridge, but my cable service was crappy and they could not fix it even though the one maintenance guy jiggled the wires and, well, I found myself doing the same and attempting to get a clear picture most nights. The final straw was on my final night at about 6:30 PM when I saw Pimps and their Prostitutes inside the halls of this very rough hotel in a great area close to Union Street and Fisherman's Wharf too. The free off street parking was also a plus. But the elevators both needed work and seemed unsafe. One goes from the 3rd floor to the 5th, but there is no way to get down to the street level. The other one features the sound of a metal cable dragging over the roof between the lobby and the first floor. Both elevators are in dire need of State Inspection and were overdue for a review. There were a ton of young folks partying on Halloween night, but the rest of the time I had the place to myself, except for the weary overseas travelers who apparently were oblivious that there were far nicer hotels in the area for perhaps $100. This place could easily have been situated in the Tenderloin. I think they should just give it up and tear it down and build something nice in this neighborhood.	
Nov 4 2009 	Had the ambience of fresh vomit.....	Met hookers in the hallways. Rooms had no air conditioning, so we had to open windows (hah---best described as &quot;holes in walls&quot;). Windows were 4&quot; glass slats with NO screens, and anyone passing by could reach through the glass, part the drapes, and peek in! Carpets were crusty with the texture of vomit, doors barely closed and locks were puny at best. The only thing that separated us from adjoining room was small latch 3/4 the way up the door, available in any 10 cent store. Mattresses were splitting wide open and had the consistency of lumpy, wet straw. If you are filming a horror flick or a slasher movie, this is the place for you. If you are a NORMAL person, avoid it like the plague!	
Oct 29 2009	Never again unless it improves	The only thing going for this hotel is its location within easy walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf. From the unfriendly, disinterested reception staff to the stained and musty smelling room (complete with a pillow with a blood stain on it!) this was definitley a place to avoid. We booked and stayed for 3 nights - we had little other choice because it was Fleet Week and there was very little else avaiable that we could afford. The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was laughable - pre-packed cereal (1 variety - no choice), decaying apples and orange juice / tea /coffee. On the Saturday night that we were there a party was being held in the restaurant (not functioning) and some very drunk people were wandering around the guest area. It appeared to me that this restaurant may have been home to a large number of homeless people. After that night there were empty alcohol containers littering the lift and the stairwell. On one occasion, while we and some other people waited for assistance at the reception desk, the two people behind the desk were conducting a loud argument with a third person (not a guest) about something personal. This eventually resulted in the police being called. Do not be fooled by the picures on the internet! Such a shame - it could be a nice little place to stay with some maintenance, refurbishment and staff that care about their job.TiP: spend a bit more money and stay somewhere else.	
Oct 27 2009 	Not the best but it could have been worse	We stayed at the Heritage Marina Hotel in early October, during Fleet Week. This made the price go up significantly, but you would expect that - San Francisco was pretty much booked out. The hotel doesn't really resemble the pictures on it's website. The outside has not been maintained in a long time, and there are parts of the balcony roof with holes in it etc. The rooms do not look like the room in the picture and the pool area is very faded/run down - the palm tree is even dead. The lift safety check was out of date when we stayed there, not by much but it was still out of date (according to the safety certificate in the lift). The lift took a long time to come and it made unusual clunking noises around the 1st and 2nd floor. Our room was clean in terms of no rubbish etc, but the chair was stained and the locks on the door were all broken except one. The bathroom sink wasn't even against the shelf, so they had patched it with putty so it was all wonky. There were some tiles broken and the beds were very soft - the kind where you roll into the middle as soon as you get into it. There was one pillow on the bed which didn't have a pillow case on it, and the actual pillow had blood on it. They forgot to bring towels when they cleaned the room. The breakfast consisted of two types of cereal and some bitter apples. You could also get orange juice, coffee or tea. That was it. Some of the staff at the front desk were pleasant, but others were unhelpful. One of them got into an argument with a customer infront of other customers, with threats being made. The police later showed up when the customer returned! It was not the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, but they could improve it a lot. Great location though, very close to Fishermans Wharf.	
Oct 26 2009 	The most smelly discusting place ever!!	We arrive in San Francisco after 17 hours of travelling to the dirtiest hotel ever. The carpets were torn, the whole place stunk of urine and to top it all, we had a postitute in the room next door to us. With a 5 year old son, this was terrible. Breakfast was a peice of fruit or a bowl of cereal and there was a man stealing breakfast from off the street the two morinings we were ther. Every other of the 8 hotels in California, Nevadaand Arizona that holiday were great. Tha one was just horrendous and a bit of a maze inside. I did not feel sdafe walking on my own as there were men shouting obsceneties to woman and kids in the hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	Bad place	I should have read the reviews. I saw the pictures so thought it would be okay. When we got there they didn't have our room ready so we left our luggage in the office and walked to the Wharf. When we returned we checked into our room. My husband is in the military so he is used to sleeping in the desert with a sleeping bag and nothing else. I on the otherhand would prefer livable conditions. However, my 8 and 10 year old said it all when we walked into the room, &quot;Mom, are we really going to stay here?&quot;. We attempted to change rooms but the one on the 5th floor that they gave us was worse. Fortunately we were able to use the Internet and looked up numbers of other places to call. We finally got the last room on the Wharf at another hotel. We only paid a few dollars more than the $200 we were charged and got a suite and an extremely nice room, 1 block from the Wharf. We lost our money from the Heritage Hotel, but figured we saved a lot in the end. (Doctor visit, breakfast and we have great memories of our trip and &quot;new&quot; hotel) I would hope that this hotel would be shut down. It's scary to think people actually stay there.	
Oct 20 2009 	a dirty flea ridden hole!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!	rooms do not lock bedding not changed.. i found a used contact lens and dirty tissues in the bed.. after three attempts at finding a room in the hotel that actually locked the manager sent us to a room where there where already people staying, the man in the room ran at us and tried to attack us.. not a pleasant experience. insects crawling around the room and loud noises all through the night!!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	
Oct 19 2009 	Stay there:)	Stay there if you don`t mind,Dirty floors, smelly room, insects (bedbugs ant the others), unlocked doors and windows...	
Oct 16 2009 	Do not stay gross!	Our stay was HORRIBLE! The hotel is not taken care of and the hotel staff could care less. My family and I were only paying $75 a night so we weren’t expecting anything fancy but we did expect the place to be clean. The rooms had a musty odor to them, there was no a/c and the window had no screen or safety on them. I was able to come into the room through the open window. The shower had a big hole in it leading to who knows where. They offered a free continental breakfast but I wouldn't trust anything from these people. It is obvious they don't care about their hotel nor customer service. They also don't tell you, if you stay on the 5th floor you have to get out of the elevator on the 4th and walk up a flight.This hotel really needs to be inspected and shut down.	
Oct 16 2009 	Biggest Mistake	This place is a Big Mistake! It was disgustingly inhumane, infested by insects, dust mites, dirt and soil, and a from the ceiling to the walls, to the floor it looked like there was never a complete wash since it was first built. The air was thick and contaminated as it was in its appearance. Unfortunately, the photos and virtual video does not warn the customers of the poor, outdated, soiled rooms, flooring, and furniture. This Hotel has terrible customer service. The Indian guy at the font desk treated us disrespectful. As soon as we walked into this thick asbestos like air in room 426 we decided to call from our cell phones and book a room else where. The room didn't even have an AC unit or ventilation. We booked three nights at this hotel and left within an hour. We booked a night at the Hilton Hotel on O'Farrell on the phone and left the room. We asked the front desk man paperwork to show proof that we did not stay and he refused to help us and said we had to deal with this website. This hotel Heritage Marina Hotel should be reviewed by the San Francisco Authorities and seriously do away with the entire Hotel and its employees and rebuild from the ground up. No one should stay at this place. This place should be closed for business.	
Oct 13 2009 	BED BUGS	Absolutely disgusting excuse for a hotel. Bed bugs everywhere and the staff did nothing to help the problem, they just denied it!!	
Sep 23 2009 	a nightmare to stay	I booked the hotel via hotels.com. It looked nice in picture and it was not really cheap.I booked for three nights, but the minute I got into the room I wanted to check out. I should have done just that regardless if I could get my money back. I checked out at 5 o'clock the next morning and found that I was severely bitten by bugs! It was so itchy and bad that it developed to be a severe case of allergy. it took me a month to get partly recovered! I just cannot believe that SF has such a dirty and unsafe hotel!!!!!!!	
Sep 18 2009 	a nightmare to sleep!!!!	horrible! horrible! horrible. i can't believe this kind of hotel exist in the US. can somebody in the authority have it shut down? PLEASE!? those ads in the internet is a scam. they're showing nice picture but once you're in there it's like in a horror movie. im still itchy from bed bug while writing this review. i booked there for 2 nights with my husband and our baby but stayed only for 1 night. i don't care if i cant refund my money anymore. i felt guilty letting my 6 month old baby sleep on that bed. OMG it's like a horrible experiece. the next day we immidiately check out and transfer to Grand Hyatt Hotel.	
Sep 14 2009 	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!	RUDE!! RUDE Customer service. That Indian guy makes you feel like you're an intruder in his home instead of a paying customer. Filthy rooms. My friend got bug bites the first night we were there. I saw him yelling at another customer in the lobby. They skim on everything, their continental breakfast was a joke, they posted free internet outside their window, but you have to pay to use. If you want to have a good vacation, do not stay at this hotel.	
Sep 8 2009	Worse Hotel Ever!!!	My boyfriend and I had went to San Francisco to see a 49er game. We found this hotel online and thought it sounded nice. We were dead wrong. When we got there, yeah the lobby seemed clean and kept up really well. When we got to the elevator (just one) it was outside and tiny. It didnt even go to all the floors. When we go to our room, we were disgusted. There was trash in the trash can still, and there was damp, yes damp towels still left on the bathroom floor. We immediately went downstairs and complained. They &quot;upgraded&quot; us to the &quot;suite&quot; which was an appartment above the hotel that was transfered into a &quot;suite&quot;. We had no towels in the room, and no heat. Mind you we went in December. We called for clean towels and never received them until the following afternoon. We had to use our clothes to help dry us off!! Other than the fact that we had a great time at the game, enjoyed going to Peir 39 and Fishermans, it was the worst experience of our lives. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND NOT STAYING HERE!!!!! Find some place else.	
Sep 2 2009 	BED BUGS!!! DISGUSTING!!!	My girlfriend and I chose this hotel because of the free parking, the price, and we were familiar with the location. Unfortunately, we made a VERY bad decision. Not only did they lose our reservation (we even called in advance to avoid this problem), but the shower sprayed everywhere, the drains clogged, the bathroom lights didn't work, and found a TICK in our bed!!!! We were on a tight budget so, unfortunately, we couldn't find a reservation at another hotel within our price range. We showed the bug to the manager, they made excuses, then they gave us a &quot;better&quot; room with a &quot;view&quot;. BIG MISTAKE. After staying the night in that room, I woke up in the morning with bites on my hand which later spread throughout my entire arm, then later throughout my entire body!!!! After returning home, I went to see my doctor and she had told me that it was BED BUGS that had did this to me (not in relation to the first bug we found!!!!). I can't even begin to desribe how disgusted I am. The Heritage Marina Hotel is the most unorganized, dirtiest, and rundown hotel in all of San Francisco. I can't believe this type of establishment is still in business. Please do not go here!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Worst hotel for the money	I paid $87 for an hotel that has no A/C, the room smelled terrible, it was supposed to be smoke free yet the blanket and the TV remote (which did not work) were burned by cigarettes. It is clear that they have not invested in the place in a long, long time. The only good things is that is close to the Russian Hills, Chinatown and the the north bay.I would recommend not to say in this place, unless you find a $20 room.I had never pays so much for so little.	
Aug 24 2009 	This hotel rents by the hour and by the month apparently...	There is absolutely no reason for you to book your stay here. It is filthy and the desk is unresponsive. Aside from there being no remote for the TV there isn't even a room phone to call down to the front desk.I am a regular guy,and easy to please but this place made my skin crawl and I feared for the safety of my two female companions.	
Aug 24 2009 	DIDN'T EVEN STAY AND STILL HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!	I made the mistake, apparently like every other person who has left a review about this hotel, of going without checking the other reviews left online. But THIS review is more about what they put us through AFTERWARDS then during....(not putting any names in this review, but now, we knew that entire hierarchy by name, as you will later see)Our stay was starting on August 11th. My two friends and I arrive after our flight at 11AM, so we decide to drop off our bags in the lobby and go around town before check-in at 3PM. We get to the lobby, and my friend, who has major asthma, asked if we could get a peek at one of the rooms. The woman at the front desk was kind enough to give us a key to take a look. We opened the door, and the smell of mold hit us in the face like a brick. My friend was nervous, because she didn't think she'd be able to handle the smell, but we decided to wait to see if the room they gave us was the same, or if this was just a fluke.3PM comes, and we check in, and the room that they gave us is the same exact way. My friend already starts to feel a slight reaction, so we go to the lobby to see about a switch. According to the same rude and horrible Indian guy that everyone else describes working there, there are no other rooms available. I say that she cannot stay in that room because of her condition, and he says that his supervisor will be in in a half hour, if we want to talk to him. I said that we'll wait to ask about a refund, and suddenly, he had another room for us to check out. THAT room, however, was even worse! The door didn't lock fully, a light didn't work, the mold smell was even worse, and there was what seemed to be cat hair all over the single chair and the countertops. Now, the fun starts:We go back downstairs, and we say that we absolutely cannot stay there, and we want a refund. Apparently, we booked the non-refundable rate, the money was already taken out and there was nothing we could do about it. I said that we'd wait for his supervisor, and suddenly, he wasn't coming in anymore that night. He wasn't answering his phone, and we had to call back the next day between 9AM and 1PM. (Obviously, with the line of people out the door still waiting to check in with the horrible service, they didn't want any problems in the lobby) We said fine, and spent the rest of our first day in San Francisco looking for another hotel.Tthe next day, the woman who answered the lobby phone said that the supervisor DID come in about an hour after we left, and got off at 8:30 in the morning, RIGHT BEFORE we were supposed to call. I asked when he was going to be in again...she said 3:00. I asked for the manager's number. She gave me a different phone number and a different name, and asked me to explain the situation to her. I did, and she suddenly said that the supervisor wasn't coming in anymore today because he was tired, and I don't have to call the manager, but to deal with the supervisor, who will be in TOMORROW between 10 and 2. I called back at 3, and again, the Indian guy answered, and said the supervisor was around, but it was hard for him to get to a phone, and he'll do his best, but he doesn't know if he'll be able to talk. To make a long story longer, the supervisor never called back. We called the manager several times, and we are STILL being given the run around to get a refund for our non-stay. This hotel is the worst experience I have EVER had in ANY hotel. It should be closed down immediately, people should not be subjected to it, and the people at the front desk and in charge should never be allowed to work in a hotel again. I spent a total of about 20 minutes in this place, and the stress and trouble they are causing us now to get a refund for a time we didn't spend there is awful (especially since it's not like we didn't show up....we did, and they expect to just take our money for nothing, because WE have some sort of decency and hope to sleep comfortably without bed bugs, mold, and sickness).Please avoid this hotel at all costs....I would give it negative stars if possible......	
Aug 22 2009 	not that bad.	The elevator didn't work for 2 days. The breakfast...witch breakfast???LOL, but the suite(room 427) was ok, very clean and with a good size, no bugs at all!Great location.	
Aug 17 2009 	Awfull_ Awfull_ Big Rip Off- Filthy- Unsafe Dump	This hotel should be CONDEMED. I have NO idea WHY the city has not closed it down!!! First they tried to say that we were no-shows on 8/9 and 8/10 when our reservation was only for our 1 night stay on 8/12. The guy at the front desk at check in (from India) was very hard to understand and RUDE. Elevators didn`t work most of the time and smelled awful, room was NASTY and looked like something out of a 3rd world hostle, the lightbulbs were burned out in the room the tv didn`t work , and the railings in the pool were totally loose. This hotel was NOT UP TO CODE!!! The &quot;deluxe&quot; contential breakfast they advertise was coffee, apples, watered down oj and cereal in which they claimed that they had jsut &quot;ran out&quot; of milk for ! The woman at the front desk the next morning when we checked out was also very rude as the guy the day before was and tried to give us a hard time when we disputed the fact that they had only removed one of the fake no-show night charges off our credit card!!! DO NO STAY AT THIS DUMP. It was like staying at a homelss shelter in a 3rd world country-SERIOUSLY!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE DISGUSTING UNSAFE AND A TOTAL SCAM	Oh my gosh, how do I even begin to describe this crack den of a hotel?! From the beginning, I guess...my boyfriend, his parents (who were visiting from England) and I decided to have a long weekend in SF. His parents wanted to treat us to the weekend, so they booked the hotel, and we set off on our beautiful drive up the coast. We arrived at about 11pm - tired from the drive, and looking forward to crawling into a comfy hotel bed. We were told that there was guaranteed parking for all hotel guests, and of course, when we arrived, there was none - first strike. My boyfriend and I waited in the car, while his parents checked in. An hour later we were headed to our room. As we walked to our room, I actually said out loud &quot;this place looks like it rents by the hour!&quot; It was super sketchy, with weird people hanging around watching us. We get to our room, and the key doesn't work. Amazing. It is freezing out, and now we can't get in. Out of the shadows, a man in normal clothes says &quot;your key doesn't work? I will go get someone...&quot; As promised, a sweaty man comes running up to us and opens our door. Immediately, the smell of smoke, urine and disaster hits us in the face. The lights go on, and the room looks like one from a movie - one where you die in the middle of the night. We go in, and decide that the smell is bad enough that we want to change rooms, and since our door is broken, moving rooms sounds like a good plan. The sweaty (but nice) man takes me and my boyfriend's mom down to another room around the back, which felt really sketchy. He opens the door, and quickly slams it shut, nervously saying &quot;this one isn't ready for you. We will have to move you tomorrow.&quot; As soon as he left, I said &quot;there is probably a dead prostitute on the bed...&quot; I was only half joking.We return to our stinky room, and just decide to deal for the night. I seriously didn't want to touch anything. I went into the gross bathroom, and lifted up the toilet seat, only to find poop in it. Lovely. Needless to say, I held it. We all quickly got changed, ripped the nasty bedspread off the bed, and got in. A few minutes into it, I look over to the other bed, and notice what seemed like an ant crawling on my boyfriend's dad'd pillow nearing his head. I say something about it, and he pops up to look, and kill it. No joke, I think all its friends came to the funeral. Almost immediately, there were bugs everywhere. Bedbugs. BEDBUGS!!! WTF?! I took pics and video, it was so bad. There was also blood on the sheets.We all jump up, and decide that something needs to be done immediately, since we are here for 3 nights at a non-refundable rate. I immediately try to get on the &quot;complimentary&quot; internet to find another hotel, but surprise, surprise, it doesn't work! It is now after 1am. My bf's dad goes down to handle everything, and i get on my cell to get us a new hotel. Turns out, every single hotel is booked up solid for the whole weekend, and we were not getting out of this. As dad came back, we noticed that our window was opened, and could be opened from the outside of the room. Safe. Get me the hell out of here. Dad tells us that they are upgrading us to a suite, but it only has one king bed, and a single pullout couch bed. He also mentions that it didn't seem like they were surprised to hear our complaints at the desk. Whatever, as long as its clean. The key doesn't work again, so this time, they give us the master key. THE MASTER KEY!!! We could get into any room with it. Scary. We check the entire room, no bugs in sight, and a new matress. The pullout couch is a joke, and is completely caved in. Three slept in the bed, and I slept on the small L-shaped couch, with a sheet over it so that I had no direct contact with the fabric of the couch. The next morning, we were switched yet again to the 2nd floor to the nicest room yet, which isn't saying much. The Cowhill Suite. 2 king beds, larger, and cleaner. We remain in this room the rest of the time, but spend as little time in the room as possible, and keep our valuables on us (in case others have the master key also!)I would comment on the breakfast, but I would never even step foot in that room, let alone eat the food they offer. As we checked out, and walked to our car, something else amazing happened...there were 2 cop cars parked right behind our car - one was a regular cop car, and the other was an undercover car. The 2 undercover cops were walking two young guys with handcuffs on, out of our lovely hotel. They put them in the cop car, and the undercovers went back in. As they did, I said to them &quot;this is the gnarliest hotel I have ever been in&quot;, and they said &quot;that's why we're here...&quot;Par for the course. Do not stay here.	
Aug 14 2009 	Absolutely the most DISGUSTING place I have ever laid my head!	This was supposed to be a very relaxing vacation for my husband and I and when we woke in the middle of the night to find BED BUGS all over the bed we ended up sleeping in our rental car! This was not the experience we were looking for. I had a bad feeling from the minute I walked through the door and into the room. It was musty and just looked dirty. Please do not waste money on this hotel it will cost you more than you think...we had to buy new luggage for fear of bringing the bugs home! This hotel was absolutely disgusting!	
Aug 8 2009 	OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!!DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!	Please read a few of the reviews for this hotel. They all say the same thing and they are all true. Horrible, dirty, nasty, bugs, smelly, all that and more. It cerainly does not deserve a 1 star rating but that is the lowest you can give.	
Aug 3 2009 	Do not tay at this hotel.....if you want to feel clean	Worst Hotel i have ever stayed at in my life. When i arrived at the hotel i was pleased with the looby....and as i turned the corner i was suprised to see a run down hotel ....dont let the lobby fool you i think they spent all there cash on the lobby and ran outta money because the rest of this hotel is a joke.....The rooms were the worst..the carpets..bed spread ,bathroom,,,,etc alll nasty and filthy...i did not even sleep well at all becuse of fear of the filth...i swear the room needed to be burned to the ground...the hotel matter of fact...tha stafff was unplesant..as well as the breakfast...hahhhahahah a bowl of old stale cereal.and thats it....the write up the hotel says about getting a free paper all lies...no free paper the internet is not free.....even though they say it is...this hotel is wrong in so many ways please i beg you save your money and dont ever come to stay at this yucky hotel that should not be in buissness.....The worst part about it is My poor boss was eating alive by the BED BUGS THEY HAVE ......his arms and legs are bitten so bad it bleeds.....so PLEASE dont stay at this hotel if you care about your health..THE HERATIGE MARINA HOTEL should be ashamed to charge anyone to stay in THE FILTHY ROOMS THEY PROVIDE....i wouldnt even leave my dog in this hotel for i sec...just trying to help out other fellow americans ..stay away from this nasty hotel	
Aug 3 2009 	This property should not be listed anywhere	Filthy dirty carpets in lift and corridors, stale urine smell in breakfast room, smelly rooms- mouldy and stale, bathrooms need replacing, toilet blocked and would not flush , general UNSAFE feeling, and I stayed one night and it cost me $728.80 Australian dollars in online reservation fees and I have had no reply to the worldinhotels.com website who took my money happily but ignored my complaints. I stayed one night (reluctantly) of my 5 night booking and had to locate another hotel on the July 4th holiday weekend.This propery should be deleted from all website and as a matter of good faith my money should be refunded.	
Aug 1 2009 	Horrible Heritage!!! Stayed 072709	Absolutely dire 'hotel' - the smell of urine in the elevator and the musty smell in the room were unsuccessfully masked by lemon disinfectant. The furniture and fittings looked they came from a car boot sale and the walls / floors were so thin that my husband got little sleep and was verbally attacked by a distressed guest beneath us because of the 'noise' we made walking to the bathroom! Every day we had to ask for extra towels since there were four of us; there were no face towels and the sink tap came off in my daughter's hand. The coffee machine was not cleaned out and the continental breakfast consisted of cheerios, bran flakes, milk, apples, tea and coffee. We visit the US twice a year and this is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in - we have stayed in much better backpacker hostels and YMCAs. Other guests wanted to move out but were brusquely told that that would be fine but they would not get any money back. Do not stay here - it's not even cheap!!	
Jul 29 2009 	Read the reviews	I travel reg and have to say this is was not a good experiance. The hotel is old and shows its age. The worst part is the moldy smell that is in the hallways and in the room. Walls are thin and you can hear everything. Walls are dirty, my daughter started crying for it looked like smashed bugs on the wall. It was dirt in the dry wall, dust built up on the ceiling. We booked for it was VERY close to every thing. Bottom line, spend 40-50 more and get a real hotel. Your family wll thank you and you will get a good night sleep.	
Jul 23 2009 	Horrific: warning do not stay here!	we moved rooms five times! each got worse- bed bugs, no electricity, no flushing toilet, disgusting smell, no locking door. An horrific place that should be shut down now- we heard from locals it closed a year ago and re-opened with no alterations. Also whilst I was sat in the reception I over heard the manager tell his staff to show people the good rooms but then book them in the other poor rooms- honestly it is the most minging place I have ever stayed. Please listen to the reviews and don't book here- it will make you ill!	
Jul 4 2009 	Avoid this place at all costs	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I felt like I was in a third world country. No A/C, fans didn't work, room was dirty, windows didn't lock, noisy. Breakfast was coffee and cold cereal with an apple and watered down OJ. Parking was almost non-existant. DON'T STAY HERE.	
Jun 28 2009 	Highly recommended by Hotels.com! Have never felt so ripped off or unsafe.	Never rent a room here! Never use Hotels.com again!!!!! I called Hotels.com to ask if they could assist me in finding a good place to stay for one night. I was on the road and had no access to the internet. The first question they asked was &quot;how much are you willing to spend?&quot;. I said $200. The &quot;service&quot; agent suggested the Heritage Marina Hotel. . .&quot;has a great pool for you to enjoy, very close to great attractions and the Warf, and at $175/night you won't find anything nicer. . Would you like to book it. . .Ok. . .oh, and this will be nonrefundable once we process it. . .&quot; WTF!! I wouldn't have stayed at this place if it was Free had I known what &quot;IT&quot; was! In fact, we DIDN'T STAY AT THIS PLACE. They took our money and we still couldn't stomach sleeping in this cess pool, so we left around mid-night after being refused a refund from the extremely rude front desk agent and asking for HELP from Hotels.com (in which I received an hour of them telling me that it's basically my fault, &quot;how were they supose to know what kind of place it was&quot;, there was nothing he could do, and &quot;No&quot; I could not speak to his manager! The Hotels.com rep hung up on me when I asked to speak to his manager. Bottom Line: The hotel was beyond bad and Hotels.com refused to help after I booked this place on their recommendation. THIS PLACE SHOULD BE SHUT DOWN!! THE FACT THAT THIS PLACE IS OPERATING AND TAKING PEOPLE'S MONEY IS JUST WRONG. WHY DO WE ALLOW THIS TO HAPPEN?! AND TO HOTELS.COM - WHAT A JOKE. CONGRATULATIONS ON PROVIDING EXCEPTIONALLY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE (THE WORST HANDS DOWN THAT I HAVE EVER RECEIVED) AND HIRING DUMB [--] TO DELIVER IT! You ask &quot;how are we supose to know?&quot;. . .well, for one, you could check the Tripadvisor.com site that you advertise on!!	
Jun 27 2009 	Bed Bugs - Never ever stay there!!!!!	Whole body got itchy when I got into the bed and kept on scratching all night but witnessed the most horrible scene of my life when I woke up. There were hundreds of bed bugs (another hundred already dead after drinking my blood) crawling in bed. Just got out of the room with bag and checked out. Dont know about the breakfast, coz just the feeling of having breakfast there made my stomach churn. Dont get deceived by the look of the hotel from outside, it sucks!! I am regretting for not reading the reviews before booking the room there.	
Jun 16 2009 	Don´t even think about staying at this hotel !!!!!	Spent four days at the hotel, during mid february. First at the counter they spent almost 40 minutes to find the reservation, when we complained about the delay, they gave us a room at the last floor, were we have to take two elevators, each one worst than the other, with bad smell on both of them. The room was dirty, the bathroom light didn´t work ( when I claimed, the maintenance guy, who was mexican -and we both speak spanish - told me that the problem was as the wires were old they didn´t work well - it was a lie, and I told him so). Also the door key didn´t work, and it wasn´t our room only.. heard other people complain of the same problem, and we have to wait a lot of time outside until somebody came to help us opening the door. There was no chance of changing the room....The breakfast area was a mess, people ( homeless who steal the breakfast)coming from the ouside in and have free breakfast, without any control from the hotel. We saw this happening different days.... The heater didn´t work, and the windows didn´t close well. Sometimes the employees were nice guys, as we also speak the same language, they try to help us, but couldn´t do anything at all.In summary... book other place..........	
Jun 1 2009 	Blood on Sheets-Do NOT stay here!	DO NOT STAY HERE! rooms are as bad as they get. Nearly everything was broken in our room, tv, shower head, tub did not drain, the chain latch had been ripped out of the wall, and unbelievably dirty. we planned to just suck it up and stay one night and leave the next morning, but when we pulled the sheets back before bed we found a considerable sized streak of BLOOD!! we left at1am and moved down the st. as we we were leaving the place was busy with prostitutes coming in and out. this place makes a motel6 look like the ritz.. really!	
May 29 2009 	Awful	Bed bugs all around!!! Such a nightmare! We were forced to change three rooms and couldn't find the clean one with no bed bugs. It was an eclatant example of a horror movie scene. I'd never recommend it to anyone. Ever.	
May 27 2009 	**Bed Bug Alert**Beware and Be Careful**	My boyfriend and I stayed one night (thank goodness we only booked one night here) and when we woke up we discovered we had been bitten by bed bugs! Be careful!!! We thought we did the right thing by stripping the bed (we had heard about bed bugs) as soon as we got there- didn't see any bed bugs so we thought we were in the clear!! Boy were we wrong!!! Obviously, the bed bugs were the most disturbing thing about this hotel but there are lots of other issues. Overall the place is gross, dirty, and does not deliver what is suggests in its online website~ what a joke!! I would say 80% of what they &quot;offer&quot; is not the way it is. Pay the extra $$$ and stay somewhere else. This place is ghetto fabulous! This place is buggin - Literally!!	
May 26 2009 	DON'T STAY THERE	this place is awfullllll , from noise to homeless to bed bug bites ... don't even think about booking there, we stayed there over memorial day weekend , when we got everything seemed ok, the location is great with free parking (if u find a spot ) overall the place was dirty , the elevator didn't work and smelled like urine , we reserved a room for our friends online and when they got there , the hotel was fully booked, they didn't honer the reservation, finaly after giving them a room it was full with bed bugs.. and the room smelled ... u can't sleep at night from all the noise that was there...the problem is the staff seem to know about all the problems but they don't do anything...... ohhh and the breakfast apples and cereal .. milk and OJ and cofee .....i can go on forever about the bad things about this HORRIBLE PLACE ... Save yourself the hassle and don't stay there , matter of fact i think this place should be shut down ...	
May 19 2009 	Are you kidding me?!	DO NOT STAY HERE! Spend the extra $50 for a well known hotel and save yourself hundreds of dollars in stolen personal property. Seriously. We should have seen red flags as soon as we were checking in and they said they had no record of our reservation; only that we had canceled it (which we never did). We ended up getting a room but have regretted that decision every since. Our room was broken into the first night we were there and luggage and personal items stolen adding up to hundreds of dollars all together. The reception desk was zero help and they were not even going to move us into another room at first. They did not offer to help us at all except to let us use their phone to try to make a police report. Both of the rooms we stayed in were horrible. Most of the lights did not work, the bathroom smelled and looked like it had not been clean in months and none of the doors had dead bolts; only chains to lock them. We stayed on the 3rd floor and I am not joking when I say there is a prostitution ring on the second floor which everyone working there seems to know about but does not care. A taxi driver that picked us up to take us to the airport reported that he has seen drug deals gone bad there and said we were lucky we got out with just stolen personal property. Please learn from our mistake and do NOT stay here. This was a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad idea. I’m honestly surprised this place is still in business.	
May 18 2009 	Alert	If you are serious teenage binge drinker looking for an intercity ghetto experience, this place is for you.	
Apr 9 2009 	Dont Stay Here. We booked 3 days and left after the first.	Bedbugs, can't use the bath, dirty, ... it was terrible. We missed a lot of sight seeing in San Francisco by early leaving. Even for free: DON'T STAY THERE. We had booked it by an organisation 2 rooms for 3 day's and left after one night.	
Mar 28 2009 	Bedbugs -do not stay at this hotel	Do not stay here. There are bedbugs in the rooms which my husband became ill from. We stayed in two different rooms and neither had a smoke detector or a working bathroom vent. The first room had no phone or coffee maker. Many transients here and we found a syringe pump on the ground outside. We used to live in this city weren't expecting much outside of the great location, but this place should be condemned. I will never stay here again and wish we had taken the reviews of this hotel seriously. We only had to pay for half of our stay due to the bedbugs and it was very easy to convince the hotel receptionists of this, which leads us to believe that these things happen often at this hotel. I should also mention that the smoking room we had originally requested and I was given a key to, was already occupied by another guest. We were moved to another room after complaining about the bedbugs, but either we took them with us or this room also had bedbugs. The pluses of this hotel is the location is great, if you have a room with a view it is of the Golden Gate/Presidio/Palace of Fine Arts, it is cheap and the parking is free.	
Mar 24 2009 	omg	We had a wonderful view but there was more to it, the non smoking room was reeking of cigarette smoke, there was cigarette burns on our sheets and curtains, the bed sheets and towels smelled like cigarettes too and me and a friend had bed bug bites all over our arms.	
Mar 23 2009 	Gone from bad to worse-DO NOT STAY HERE	We've put up with this place in the past because of its great location and unbeatable price. However, we will no longer stay here. It's always been dingy, but it's recently become gross and feels unsafe. Let me list the things that were wrong: tattered sheets, stained carpet, clogged tub, non-working heat (yes, we woke up shivering in the middle of the night), non-working door lock (yes, we were locked out at 2am which is scary in this place), no chairs (yes, there was a table and desk, but no chairs), urine smelling stair wells, shady characters lurking around. DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Mar 14 2009 	Warning: Do Not Stay Here (Please listen to these reviews)	Hi everyone,I am currently staying in the Heritage Marina hotel, and warn anyone of thinking of staying here, to please think again. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. On first glances the hotel is a short walk from the Fishermans wharf, has a complimentary breakfast and wireless internet all at a cheap cheap price. However these plus signs don't weigh out the negatives. The hotel is FULL of homeless, drug addicts, prostitutes and being a young female i do not feel safe in the hotel at all. On arrival the staff are extremly slow at checking in and it took me an hour to check in (Note: Expedia had actually made some errors on my booking so this added to the lengthy check in process.)I then proceeded to my room, where I was followed by a sketchy, drug dealer type Guy who was watching me, and waited outside my door to see which room i entered. I then went down and expressed my concerns to staff, who laughed and told me the only other room they had was on the 5th floor, which they told me i wouldn't like as 'The 5th floor is where all the 'stupid weird long staying people stay.' So i advise if you do take the risk to stay here, refuse to stay on the 5th Floor.I am awoken to a homeless man outside , but still in the hotel premises, by the pool, continually moaning outside. The Breakfast is standard (2 choices of cereal, bagals and cream cheese, apples, and orange juice) is in a large room, where you get to see the other visitors.....All of whom look as if they have been working the night before. It honestly looks like a homeless persons hostel occupied, by drug dealers, and there were a couple of prostitutes there the morning we ate. The hotel also fails to stop anyone from off the street coming in, and hoarding up on bagels and cereal.I was drawn to the fact the hotel had free internet, this however is the SLOWEST most UNRELIABLE internet i have ever used.....it cuts out and takes so long to load a page.The rooms on the other hand...in my experience were fairly clean, and standard, my room stunk of smoke, even though it was non smoking. Never the less...please don't stay here, pay the extra $10-20 a night to stay somewhere safe.I cannot express how bad this hotel is!!!	
Feb 15 2009 	Absolutely disguisting do not stay here!	I booked this hotel off the internet for my parents (for one night). I should have known something was up when they charged my credit card before we had checked in.Here is a list of the issues we found with this hotel:1. The room had threadbare carpets2. The curtains had holes in them3. The sliding door to the outside could not be locked, and therefore offered very little security4. The bed cover was dirty, along with the rest of the room (and the elevator)5. The hotel was smelly, and the furniture in the room was extremely dirty...my parents did not even sit on a chair6. There was a hole in the ceiling where a light should have been7. The hotel was noisyHere is a list of the good points:1. The breakfast was satisfactory2. The location was good3. The shower was okDO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL, EVEN IF IT APPEARS THAT TOURISTS ARE COMING OUT OF IT IN DROVES.-JL	
Feb 3 2009 	Please do not stay here	Tempted by vert cheap room rate of $45 and having previewed a room couple days before checked in looked OK. BIG MISTAKE. First room we got was facing west on 5th floor we distant view GG Bridge, unfortunately ceiling fan not working and room really hot, no ac available, so switched to lower level by pool. BIGGER MISTAKE. Room next to elevator machine room so very noisy but next morning killed couple big fat bloodfilled bugs leaving bed and upon further investigation found evidence bad infestation on mattress, REMINDER.......look at hotel review before checking in!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 30 2009 	Should be called the crack hotel!	We had booked our room over the internet, biggest mistake ever!! When we arrived at the hotel, it became apparent that the hotel was in ill repair. The front staff should have been given a course in customer service. It took over 20 minutes to get our room keys. When we finally got up to our roomm and swiped the key, we found that the room was already occupied. We went back to the receptionist and had to wait for another 30 minutes while they tried to find a new room for us. Finally a new key was given and when we went to enter our room the cleaning staff stopped us and said that they needed to check the room first. They attempted to cover up the smell by spraying air freshener. When we entered the room it was tidy, but in ill reapair, smelled of drugs and had no phone. NOt feeling very comfortable about the hotel we chose to leave. When I asked the receptionist to return my visa number she refused and said that we would have to talk to the manager tommorrow to get it back. I tried for two days to get ahold of the manager and was told repeatedly that the manager was unavailable. I am still trying to get my money back from this horid place.	
Jan 21 2009 	I should have listened to previous reviews!!!	My husband, myself and our 3 young children stayed here for 7 days in January. I was tempted by the good rate offered by Expedia. I read the reviews on Tripadvisor, but somehow I thought how bad could the hotel be, it is in such a good neighborhood. I knew right away I had made a bad choice of hotels when we took the elevator to our room and it smelled of urine. When we got to our room, the door was wide open and the electricity didn't work. The carpets were utterly filthy. I had an asthma attack immediately. I almost broke down into tears, knowing I had booked 7 days, and it was nonrefundable, but I couldn't cry in front of my kids. I went back to the front desk and asked if he could change us to a clean room or a remodeled room, which would mean cleaner carpet. He kindly upgraded us to a suite, which was a lot better. I thought we could manage now. There were many other guests at the hotel from all walks of life going about their BUSINESS. I did not feel safe in my room as the locks on the door were a bit loose. There were liqour bottles and bags of garbage left outside peoples doors for more than 12 hours at a time. The staff did not clean it up. The car park also had garbage people had emptied out of their car and just left it there. Also, where they kept their trash, it was piled 20 feet high in black bags, along with the local bum going through it. When I was parking my car one night, I came across a young man emptying out a car and taking out the speakers. I didn't say anything, as he saw me in my car and my three kids. Needless to say, my car was broken into on my second to last day there. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels all around the world, as I use to work for an airline, this is the worst by far, I have ever come across.	
Dec 28 2008 	This place should NOT be in business	We mistakenly ended up in this hotel because our taxi driver got Marina Inn (where I had made my reservation) and this hotel (Heritage Marina Hotel) mixed up. For some odd reason, front desk checked us in and made no mention that we weren't even in the computer system and we were too tired after 6 hr of flight to realize that we weren't in the right Marina. Here is a quick rundown of all the things that fully convinced me this place should NOT be in business.1) BED BUGS!!! I laid my head down for 5 min for a quick nap and woke up with bites all over my body. A quick search revealed bedbugs in the sheets. When we reported this to a hotel maintenance guy, he came in, took a look at the dead bug on the sheet, and promptly insisted that this was &quot;impossible&quot;. He showed us that there were no cracks in the wall and the mattress was covered with a plastic covering - his proof that there is no way this room has bed bugs, despite the multiple bites I had over my body and the dead bug in bed. When my mother got really angry and said that she was going to report them, he made a threatening gesturing and stormed out of our room. This is what prompted us to leave the hotel right away - we did not feel safe.2) Things that DID NOT WORK in the hotel: key, toilet, telephone, bedside lamp (missing bulb).3) Room smelled of cigarette smoke and urine. Blanket was stained. 4) Constant thumping from the ceiling, apparently the cleaning staff was moving furniture around and vacuuming above us at 11 pm. 5) As we spoke with front desk and informed them we were leaving for another hotel, we overheard 3 other families also in the midst of switching to another hotel. There was a long line of disgruntled customers waiting to be helped and only one staff working. My heartfelt advise - do NOT use this hotel. Their business practice is deplorable. They should not be in business. And do not get them confused with The Marina Inn (the one that we initially booked and eventually found)!! We loved the Marina Inn (thankfully after the disastrous stint at Heritage Marina).	
Dec 14 2008 	Bedbug hellhole	The place looks fine on the outside with a nice pool and presentable lobby. It's in a good location and offers free breakfast and wireless internet. Don't be fooled: the whole thing is superficial and dishonest facade.The place is filthy.On our family's first night I was attacked by bedbugs. When we complained the staff had the audacity to suggest that it wasn't bedbug bites because I was the only one with bites. Even after we told him we had caught a bug!We switched rooms, but to no avail; my mother got bitten. We cut short our stay here and checked out early. This place has no saving grace.The only way to save this place is to close it down. DO NOT GO.	
Nov 3 2008 	Hated It Dont Ever Go There!!!!!!	I am a frequent traveler to the San Francisco area. I used to stay at the Shi Yu Lang YMCA hotel and NEVER HAD A PROBLEM. The Y was sold and I was looking for another inexpensive hotel to call &quot;home&quot; whenever I travel to SF, so when I saw the price and location I thought I hit the jackpot--WRONG!Don't let the picture of the lobby and the pool fool you-the place is a dump. Our first night there,we were given a room on the third floor but the mar lock card did not work, but a man who claimed he worked there took the maids key and let us in,so we went back downstairs and got another marlock key and that one didn't work either. after we got in the room and I tried to take a nap so we could go out later trick or treating with the kids. when I went to sleep I woke up with several bites on both shoulders and my neck. I reported it to the front desk and they tried to say that I was allergic to detergent! we were given another room and the same thing happened-bug bites! We were moved to another room and we were bitten again--me and my children-I even captured a bug on my pillow that I am taking to the health dept.If you value your health and that of your children, don't stay at that hotel--it is infested with bed bugs!!!!CAN YOU SAY LAWSUIT?This was the first time that I took my children along on a business trip and I was looking forward to exploring SF with my kids. I WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN	
Nov 2 2008 	Bed bugs and mice	We had bed bugs and a mouse in our room. I didn't find the place dirty, but it's infested with bed bugs. It's too bad because the staff is really nice, there are no other hotels with breakfast included, free parking, and free wireless connection. I was really surprised because I have traveled all over the world and never had seen bed bugs before. They really hurt!	
Oct 29 2008 	can you say mouse	We have stayed at the Marina Heritage for the past nine years.This year was the last time, they say new managment have taken over, the first night we got there it was so hot in the room we could not breath, the tv was broken, they gave us one from another room, they made the attempt to give us the same room we always stay at 533 with great views of the Golden Gate and the harbour. However the carpet had pee stains or something of that nature, the mattress had stains and the outside corrider in the stariway smelled.That was not the biggest problem on the third day there was a condom and empty bottles of soda. We told the front desk and it was cleaned up, however that night we were kept up by an arguing couple in the middle of the night. We complained to the front desk and were told they will try to resolve the issue.The BIGGGGGGGEEEEST MOST DISCUISTING THING was on our second last night it was Sunday morining about 500 am when we herd this rustling noise in our room at first we thought someone was trying to get in but after listening for a minute we turned on the light and to my horror we discovered a rodent inside our plastic bag I screamed bloody murder, my husband called the front desk and they immediatly came up with a mouse trap,how convienent. We packed our bags and immediatly left towards our next destination Carmel.The managament did give us a credit of one day and half.We used to like staying there and very convienent but now we shall stay somewhere else where it is clean and rodent free	
Oct 27 2008 	Heritage Marina	Heritage Marina is located in the northern part of the city, close to Fishermans Wharf.The pictures on the hotel website is way better than what it actually looks like. The hotel is a normal tourist hotel with a slightly dirty pool in the center courtyard.The staff was extremely slow and not very friendly. It took forever to check in, and even then, they gave us a room under construction. No smiles, no nothing.Parking however is quite good as well as a huge selection of TV channels.	
Sep 23 2008	Stains Drugs completely TERRIBLE!!!!!	I booked two double rooms at the Heritage Marina 2 weeks ago for my cousins bachelor party. When we arrived I was told that one of the double rooms was unavailable and that they would &quot;upgrade&quot; me to a suite for the trouble. The other double room was availble, but it wasn't ready yet (this is at 5:00 pm). I asked when it would be and they said, &quot;A little while&quot;. I asked for a better estimate, and they couldn't give me one.We took our stuff up to the &quot;suite&quot; which was little more than a large room with a king sized bed, a couch, a dresser, and a tv. The carpet had various stains all over it, as did the couch. The comforter was ripped, and the bathroom was tiled in a color which can only be described as &quot;pee yellow&quot;.We were greeted by a man from Belgium staying down the hall who said that the key to his room didnt work. When a repairman came to help him, he gave up after 10 minutes, said he couldn't fix the door, and told the gentleman he would have to find him so he could be let into his own room, every time.We then inspected the double room, and before reaching the door we noticed a ladder outside of it. THE ENTIRE ROOM WAS COMPLETELY UNDER CONSTRUCTION!!! The door was wide open, rolling tool bench in the entry, all of the furniture piled up in the middle of the room, outlets duct taped over, and various tools in the bathroom. A maintanance man ran up to us asking what we were doing there and when we told him that they gave us a key for that room, he shook his head, swore in spanish, then radioed the front desk. The replacement room was another &quot;suite&quot; in about the same condition. They took 10 percent off the total bill.We also found a cozy unmarked room in the corners of the walkway that could only be described as a crack house. Garbage and razorblades were on the carpet, with freshly-chopped lines of some kind of white powder on the countertop.This was by far the WORST hotel I've ever seen. For 150 bucks a night/room, you're better off spending it on booze and passing out on the street. You'll probably be cleaner and safer there.	
Sep 21 2008 	Booked a kingsize room? So what???	Having stayed at the Heritage Marina a couple of years ago, when we were pleasantly surprised by the facilities, and amazed by the fabulous breakfast buffet, we were a bit disappointed with it when we returned this year.Yes, it's a bit run down in the corridors and stairways, but this is a budget hotel. However, the breakfast options have now been reduced to cereal, bagels and pastries, and that's about it. The worst thing however, was that having booked a deluxe kingsize room, we arrived at the hotel around 7.30pm to be told that they had no kingsize bed rooms left so we were to have a room with a single queen size bed instead.On querying this, we were told that although you reserve a room online, they are allocated on a first come, first served basis, so you may or may not get what you reserved. Dreadful woman on reception by the way, who just kept saying there were no more kingsize rooms left, with no attempt to apologise.I asked if the rate would be lower then, and I have to say that they did eventually rearrange things so that we got a kingsize bed, but it wasn't easy, and I know that other travellers had the same issue, and they weren't as lucky as us. Other than that, the room was clean and the bed was comfy - the lady who came to clean our room also helped us when our door refused to open! However, although we had coffee and coffee maker, no milk / creamer, sugar etc.! They also forgot to replace coffee and toilet roll.	
Sep 8 2008	For Your Own Good DONT STAY HERE!!!!!	There is a reason this hotel is ranked 210 out of 238 in San Francisco. It was disgusting! I don't know how anyone could give it 5 stars. In fact, the two most recent reviews that give it 5 stars were writted 2 days apart and both sound like they came straight out of their brochure, and from what I understand, it is recently under new management. Coincidence?My girlfriend and I stayed here over Memorial Day and our room was disgusting. It smelled like urine and we could see the wet spot on the floor! They didn't even bother to clean it up. There were feces stains still in the toilet. It obviously hadnt been cleaned between guests either. We checked out and were lucky to get a room at Comfort Inn down the street for the rest of our vacation. Think about it. There are only 28 hotels in San Francisco WORSE than this one. There are 209 that are better. Stay in one of those.	
Sep 7 2008	Dont Stay Here	Disgusting. And noisy. The first room they gave us was already occupied. The next room they gave us had a dirty sink and hair in the bed. It seemed as if they didn't actually clean the room between guests, they just made the bed and folded the towels. The hallways are dark and dingy and poorly lit. Don't worry. There are lots of budget motels nearby on Lombard Street that also offer free parking. We immediately checked out and checked into The Pacific Heights Inn on Union and Van Ness. Comparable cost, and the rooms are small but very clean. They have free parking too.	
Sep 3 2008 	AWFUL!!! DIRTY!!!! HIGHWAY ROBBERY!!!	Don't book this one!!! If you are looking for location and be close to Fisherman's Wharf, then stay at the Holiday Inn or Comfort Inn, make your reservations ahead of time, you will get good deals, better than at this hotel, and best of all IT WILL BE CLEAN, ODORLESS, AND YOU WILL HAVE GOOD SERVICE. I stayed three days at this misreable hotel, I was not so fortunate to get into another hotel, since it was Labor Day weekend, and there was some type of convention, all the hotels prices had gone way up, so I had to suffer and stay here for THREE DAYS. The staff apparently does not believe in changing sheets daily!! It's filthy, I think Motel 6 is probably better kept, and that is saying a lot. I have never been so dissappointed. Carpet in the elevators are falling apart, the carpet in the rooms are nasty, curtains are falling apart. Their virtual tour is a SCAM!! Don't be fooled and most of all don't waste your hard earned money on filthe.	
Aug 12 2008 	Do Not Stay at this Unsafe Filthy Dump!	I was terribly disappointed by this hotel. While it is in a convenient location, trust me, there are dozens of other, albeit more expensive hotels to stay at that will suit anyone better. This place is priced way under market for a reason-- it is a dump! Do not be fooled by the newly renovated lobby. The rooms are dank, dirty, and have no air conditioning. I checked out after my room did not lock! There are additionally no locks on the exterior doors-- so strangers can walk right into the hotel from various openings and right up to your door. I guarantee that staying here will taint, if not greatly ruin your San Francisco visit. Do not risk it, trust me, this place is not worth it, even if staying here was free, I still wouldn't do it!	
Aug 4 2008	Disgusting and dishonest	Do not stay at this hotel. It was awfull and disgusting.We had a mouse in our room, and my wife was bitten by a bug in the face.No cleaning, no linnen, no fresh towels.Hans JacobsenAugust 4, 2008	
Jul 21 2008 	Dirty and rundown	This hotel gets two stars instead of one because of the convenient location and free parking.The room was disgusting. There were no pillows on the bed (really? how could you forget this?) and stains all over the carpet. The bathroom was old and dingy with a broken toilet. Even after telling the front desk about the problem, we came back that night to a still-broken toilet. Horrible.And, as all the other reviews mentioned, there is no air conditioning, so if you're visiting during the summer, be prepared.	
Jul 18 2008 	Oh My God	I got a government rate and it was a last minute deal, the only bed we can find. This place was nasty and dirty, but not in a dirty they forgot to vacuum the floors. IT was dirty in a blood on the chair, the bed sheets looked like they were not washed well and the bathroom looked like a constructions worker would not touch anything. The headboard had stains that I can only imagine that were from sexual encounters. The smell in the room was so bad, that we checked in and went to dinner in Russian Hill and looked for another Hotel room.	
Jul 16 2008 	Dishonest Identity Theives	My wife and I stayed at the Heritage Marina Hotel two nights in April.We were worried about the lack of security of our room. There are no window screens and anyone from a neighboring room can enter through your window on a hot night. I had to cancel my AMEX Card 3 months later because Heritage Marina Hotel IDENTITY THIEVING EMPLOYEES RANG UP $1551.36 on my card on Live Adult Phone SEX. They called from [--], [--], and [--]. We do NOT RECOMMEND THE HERITAGE MARINA HOTEL because of lack of security of the rooms and of the identity theiving employees.	
Jul 10 2008 	BED BUGS	Need I say more? OK then I will. No air conditioning, no screens on windows (which do not lock) smoking in non smoking rooms, no hot water, Run and run fast from this hotel. They were rude and obnoxious when I checked out two hours after checking in.	
Jun 25 2008 	TERRIBLE - stinking smelly	We supose to stay 1 night at June 11. once we arrived, we met a guy in the elevator - he's hand's was injured because the bedbugs. We open the door and lift up the blanket...the sheet was dirty and some &quot;animals&quot; was there !!!! We run away...it was 22:00 PM. All the night we scrapered and we spend at the room only 5 minuts!!!! Stay a way... be carefull!!!!!!!!!!I think that the sanitation office must close this terrible 'hotel&quot;	
Jun 21 2008 	Should be shut down!	One finds a few positive reviews on the Expedia website for this nightmare hotel, and I am completely convinced that they are all submitted by shills for this place, because no one checking into this place would want to do anything but turn around and run as fast as they could. The outside looks fine (as do the totally deceptive pictures on their website,) but once you get inside the halls, elevator, and then to your &quot;room&quot;, you will think you have walked into hell. Horrible is all I can really call it. Filthy rooms, broken bathroom fixtures, bloodstains on chairs, smell of urine, piles of garbage everywhere, druggy looking guests, bugs, no air conditioning - even the WifiI is &quot;provided&quot; by some other neighboring establishment, conveniently creating an internet hotspot for the hotel to advertise as being theirs. And what did we do to deserve all this? Looking for a slightly (and believe me, only 'slightly&quot;) better deal on accommodations in a very pricey part of town? My wife and I called another hotel (an excellent Comfort Inn two block toward the wharf) and checked out of the &quot;Heritage House of Horrors&quot; right away. As we were only there for about ten minutes, Expedia, which is generally excellent, did the right thing and gave us a refund, which was great, but they should not be selling packages for this hellhole to anyone. This place should be closed down by the police and the Board of Health! No one should have to walk into this horror show, expecting a nice stay in a hotel! Read the other stories posted here and elsewhere and take heed! STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL!	
Jun 17 2008 	Scabies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I will never EVER feel safe again in my whole life! I stayed in this crap hole for 3 days-I wasnt in the room much I -was sight seeing- but the damage inflicted on me, my child, and my husband will never be forgotten. One morning my husband overheard the staff speaking in spanish, what he did hear in english? SCABIES... fast forward to me and my child and husband sitting in the examination room being told yes, we have F-ing SCABIES!!! The humilation alone that my 9 year old feels was enough to make me call and demand my credit card CO have them comp me, call the B.B.B and the health department! My child has possibly infected countless friends at school, end of the year performance dance partner, every playdate and their entire family....for some odd reason the manager said he didnt know what scabies was but he did know they had complaints of bed bugs! WTF! you saw me come in with my child and you didnt bother to mention the BED BUGS that would possibly be feasting on her everynight? how to these people sleep at night? renting rooms to the crack heads and hookers is one thing as they are used to their own filth but are they really so evil that thay would not warn me to go else where because I had a small innocent child who up until now has never had an infectious disease!.. oh yeah and now the manager wont call me back...	
Jun 16 2008 	Bring your Lysol and Raid!	Gross. We checked in and were extremely miss lead by the front desk area of the Hotel. Looked classy and clean. After receiving our key, we headed up to our room. Was this it? Couldn't be but sure enough it was. Wishing I had brought my bio hazzard suit with me, we entered only to find that even though it was gross inside it could get worse. Our room had this mystery door inside, it didn't open from our side though. The window didn't even close, a great place to leave your passports and baggage. After seeing the crack heads and weirdos wandering around, we went down to the desk and demanded a refund. After getting it, we promptly left. Thank you Jesus!	
Jun 10 2008 	Don't Let the Bed Bugs Bite...	I would NOT recommend this hotel! I stayed here with two friends. The place was dingy and run down and did not have air conditioning. Also, our balcony door did not lock - a problem considering it was connected to the balconies of neighboring rooms! Also, all three of us experienced extremely itchy bug bites all over our bodies after our stay (most likely bed bugs.) I ended up paying over $300 to get my apartment exterminated just in case I brought any bugs or eggs home with me in my luggage. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here!	
May 28 2008 	UGHHHHHH!!!	Where did the people who say this hotel was &quot;marvellous&quot; stay??? Certainly not where we stayed, and we mostly camp in a tent with few amenities!!! This &quot;hotel&quot; was nothing better than a hostel!!! The strange people that stayed there seemed either high on drink or drugs &amp; one night the police had to come because a girl was locked out of her room half undressed &amp; was SCREAMING at her partner to let her in!!! We found that the dingy,dark smelly rooms were not cleaned well,decor was faded and in desperate need of refurbishment &amp; paint, the stains of goodness knows what on the carpet, the creased sheets &amp; faded bedding, the marked and ancient furniture, heater cover hanging off our first room's wall, (yes, we were moved like most people),doors open to street access, windows had slats that could easily be removed and no way of locking, the corridors were dark and poorly lit, the noise in the middle of the night meant no restful sleep, the front desk staff were rather indifferent at best, asking for towels etc was a waste of time, parking was tight even with a mid sized vehicle, breakfast not very inspiring, slapdash top ups of coffee etc in rooms, litter pushed under the bed, either a freezing cold or boiling hot room, noisy ,slow &amp; urine smelling lift, litter in corridors &amp; stairways, I bought air freshener &amp; fly killer so avoided any nasty bugs, but I'm sure they were there somewhere....Need I say more?? We checked out as soon as possible and moved to another cleaner &amp; more luxurious hotel at almost the same price!!Traveller beware!	
May 23 2008 	Bottom of the barrel	DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. That about says it all if you want more read on.This Hotel looked like a good value right were we wanted to stay and we don’t need a perfect place as we don’t spend a lot of time in the hotel room.Checking in the front desk should be your first clue...pretty run down. Trying to find parking place in their parking lot almost impossible. Walking up the stair well the must urine smell should make you turn and run. When we finally got to our room (for some reason we had continued) the card key would not open the door. I had to go back to the front desk the wife was afraid to stay by herself (3:00 pm). They gave me a master key to get in so up I went tot he room. The room had a kitchen separate bedroom huge balcony looking out at the Golden Gate....but was disgusting I did not want to set my luggage down. We turned back the bed and the sheets were stained and dirty the carpets smelled and were filthy the walls are stained..So we went down again to the front desk and got another room, this was supposed to be one of their best rooms according to the front desk (so good they sold it twice). We checked out this room and even thought it was dingy and low rent we figured we would spend the night as it was getting late. 2 plus hours of checking in. We figured we would look for another place to stay when we went out.The room from hell continued with many loud noise through the night and around 1:30 am I woke to the click of my door unlocking and someone trying to force open the door. (I had put the security lock on) anyway the people trying to get into my room were extremely noise and banging on the door trying to break it down to get in thinking it was stuck or something. This was wall despite me on the other side holding it closed yelling at them that the room was occupied. Finally after yelling at my wife to call the cops because I was thinking these people were not just at the wrong room they realized they had the wrong room. Somehow I manage to get back to sleep and got the nice phone call from the front desk at 5:00 am asking me why I was in the room!! I went down the next moring and explained everything that had happened and that we were checking out, They told me I would have to deal with expedia for any refund... I got mad at this point and asked for the manager I still kept my cool and after showing them how we did not prepay the room and dd not book with expedia and they had charged my hotel room that they needed to ensure I was not charged for any further nights, they did not want to refund me for my sleepless night in their P.O.S. hotel. I eventually got them to give me a bill for the one night as they were unwilling to give me anything.Anyway on the way out I was able to warn a large group that was going to check in and they left rather than check in lucky for them. We spent the rest of are time at the Hilton on Fisherman’s Warf not wanting to take anymore chance...$200/night worth every penny!	
May 20 2008 	I can't believe they can call this place a Hotel!	This place should really be called something like a dingy hostel with private rooms. It was disgusting. My family stayed here and we had three rooms on the 5th floor. The towells and sheets were a dingy grey (instead of white) with black stains all over them, and please don't smell them if you want to at least pretend like they might do the job. There was mold on the ceiling of the bathroom. The bedspreads had cigarette burns on them, and in one of the rooms someone had taped a plastic bag over the smoke detector, so they could smoke in these &quot;non-smoking rooms.&quot; There was a HUGE hairball in the middle of the floor and the carpet hadn't been vacumned very well. It took two days to get one extra towell due to the &quot;Severe shortage of towells the hotel is currently experiencing,&quot; which was posted on a sign in the main lobby. Wow. The hallways and elevators are just plain scary. I was suprised at breakfast to see that there were other &quot;normal&quot; looking people there as well, as I was expecting druggies and prostitutes. On a positive note, the hotel does offer free parking and is in a fabulous location. However, I would never stay here again, as the pro's dont even begin to cancel out the cons.	
May 7 2008	BEDBUGS	We just came back home from our stay in San Francisco and now we are dealing with a bedbug problem at home. This is not how I expected our vacation to go.This hotel is filthy, unsanitary, unsafe, and there's &quot;shady&quot; characters walking around at night, etc. This is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at and I travel frequently. We weren't looking for much, just a cheap, clean hotel, but this was a terrible experience and now we have to spend so much time and effort to get rid of the bedbugs we brought back home...	
May 7 2008 	Disgusting. This place should be closed down.	Upon reading other reviews from other guests I strongly feel that this place should be reported to the appropriate authorities. I made the mistake of staying there and this was my experience: front desk demeanor is totally lacking of courtesy for the guest, dirty, total lack of maintenance, toilets don't flush and I now have a bad case of Bedbugs that apparently came back with me. Avoid at all costs. I'm also filling a report with the San Francisco Department of Public Health. San Francisco is a great city and such places don't contribute anything to its appeal and their citizens well being.	
May 5 2008	NASTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This was a nasty hotel!!!! First of all reserved 2 suites and of course they assured us that they would be available.. but of course once we got there there happened to be just 1. We go up to the suite which is supposed to have 2 kings size beds and no.... there is one king size bed and one couch the pulls out into a bed... of course under the couches there is nasty porn... We had a key that didn't work so everytime we leave the room and come back we had to wait for someone to come and have the time to open the damm door... worst of all there is mouses in the rooms... I'm terrified of mice so stayed awake all night fearing they would jump onto the bed... Check out is a 11 am... why does the cleaning lady try to open the door a 8am but wasnt able to come in because we had the chain on.... I had the worst experience in this place...I hate it I hate it....	
May 1 2008 	Attention! Under new management!	My wife and I have stayed there this April for two nights, a Friday and a Saturday night. We're in our thirties and need a little more comfort than camping, but still are far from needing Westin-level comfort or such. We arrived late due to a delayed NWA flight and checked in at 1:45 am with &quot;Mr Miagi&quot; (to continue the tag that one of my fellow reviewers coined), who was indeed slow and surprised to see us. He did find our reservation eventually. The untidy checkin area already hinted at a change that must have taken place between Aug 2005 and now. We stayed here back then and the overall experience was great, so we came back, unaware of the change in management and all. Anyway. The first room we were assigned was 339 or so, facing the inside court (facing west in the east block). It was not ready, the bed not made, TV and lights on, etc. so we called Mr Miagi. &quot;Oh, not ready? Ah, not ready, yes. Yes...Maid left for the day. Maid left for the day.&quot; Well we got a new room. 546 facing east in the east block on the top floor. That was kinda prepared, though no towels. Had to run for towels then at 2:15 am. Parking, although included which is good, fills up quickly, so I had to go park the car on the street and move it before 8 am. Anyway, the room smelled unpleasantly and no A/C, hot, everything sticky. The other rooms on that floor were occupied, some appeared to be just hanging out and the smell of pot was all over the place. There were also people walking around that looked like gang-members that were whistling after my wife and stuff. But if you can accept that and look past all those &quot;flaws&quot;, you can stay for a good price in a good location, parking included. Well, the overall picture comes in very negative. Will not go back. Smells, stinks, no towels, gang-members. No thanks. I haven't seen that &quot;renovated&quot; portion of the hotel (mentioned in other reviews), I'd say it does not exist. I used all the elevators, they are all tagged, I walked around all over the floors and corridors (all stink). Oh by the way, although they were kind of friendly, they did not apologize for any inconvenience we had. They just repeated the complaint in a Miagi-style without presenting a solution, just acting surprised. Strangely the fire alarm in our room was taped up with a plastic bag, so in case of fire, be prepared not to wake up the next morning (not a joke, I'm serious). One plus, you can see the Golden Gate Bridge from the 5th floor. Another strange thing was that Chinese guy, probably 30 years or so, patrolling around one of the suites on the top level, like in one of the James Bond movies. He didn't have the UZI, though, unless it was concealed.	
Apr 20 2008 	Do NOT stay here!!!!!	Oh my, where should I start? Our first room consisted of a pack of mice! My husband and I just finished eating and had leftovers sitting on the nightstand when all the sudden I thought I had seen a mouse. I figured it was just a shadow.....then about a half hour later I saw a fat nasty mouse running to beat me to my leftovers! I then immediately called the front desk and told them there were mice in my room. Never once did the front desk appoligize for there being rodents in my room. I was switched to a different room which was NOT any better. Both rooms smelled like an old lady with a bladder control problem! It was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in! Definately DO NOT stay here!!!!!!	
Apr 17 2008 	Warning- It was gross and had no air conditioner	This place was gross and worst of all, it has no air conditioner. The room was crazy hot and our celling fan was broken, the room was very old looking and looks like it hasn't been cleaned in ages. We called the front desk to tell them that our fan was broken, and they said they would send us a desk fan instead. It took over an hour just to get the small chesssy desk fan that did not do us any good ,anyways. It was so freaken hot and i couldn't bare it any more, we had to leave and check into another hotle. This place sould be called a motle, and for you own good do not stay here.	
Apr 16 2008	Great location	After reading some of the reviews I feel I need to write about this hotel. We paid very little for this hotel and what we got was a Hotel in a great location, comfortable rooms, good amenities, free parking and free breakfast. The rooms are a little tired and could do with some general maintanance, but they were comfortable clean and quite spacious. The bathroom was fine and our towels were changed. Having a pool would be a great bonus but a bit cold to use while we were there. I have to say this is a great cheap city hotel.	
Apr 4 2008	Horrendous	The stay at the Heritage Marina was very disguting. Do not book there. In the afternoon of March 30, 2007 there was a drug bust (an assumption). My daughter and I were coming back from the cable cars and a police car pulls into the parking area. Goes up to our floor with his dog. When we get to our floor there was an udercover cop and the cop that just got there arresting a woman who was doped up. There were no light bulbs in allof the lights and I assume this is to help on their electricity bill. Our toilet ran all night and we asked them to fix it. They did not. We only had wash cloths for the first night and then they ran out of them. They had no additional towels to give out to their customers because they ran out. My pillow was dirty and asked for a new pillow case. They said they would take care of it but never did. There is no rating worse than terrible. It was worse than terrible. The room was filthy. The rugs probably were never cleaned in years. The bedspread was ripped. The chairs were filthy. Just don't go there. Spend a few more dollars to get a nice hotel. Also note the hotel is open all night. It is not a secure place. You have locks on your door but that is all. A Dissatisfied Customer from Wisconsin	
Apr 1 2008 	It's a Crap-Shoot	For me, I'm fresh outta college (so I don't have much money to burn). I'm not high-maintenance. Sure, I like nice places, but as long as it's clean, I feel safe, &amp; the price is right - I'm good to go.Now, I have stayed at this place on three different occasions over the past few years. I have come to realize that this place is a full-on crap-shoot. The room you get might be just fine &amp; the one next to it might be a hole.So then - my stay last weekend:I get into the city &amp; checked-in around midnight. Mr. Miagi, although a very nice desk man, is REALLY SLOW! He gives me my card key for room 317. I head up the sketchy elevator and around to my room. I walk in. Light bulbs are burnt out. Okay, I'll turn on the TV for light. No remote. Stumble in the dark to manually turn it on. I then go into the bathroom. The tub was backed up w/ 3'' of dirty, cloudy water &amp; nails!Okay, that's it! I'm getting a different room. I go back down to Mr. Miagi at the front desk. He apologizes and says he'll give me &quot;a nice room&quot; instead. I'm given 532.Back up the SLOW elevator. The card key doesn't work! I just wanna go to bed! Back down to the front desk. I should note that despite the late hour, there's two or three other parties in the lobby w/ similar complaints.Mr. Miagi says there's nothing he can do about the card keys. He'll have to let us all into our rooms individually w/ regular keys. I go back up &amp; wait for him.He shows up &amp; lets me into the room - which is actually a pretty big suite w/ a kitchenette, roof-top access &amp; a killer view. Normally, that would make me happy. However, the room still felt dirty. The Chain lock on the door was busted off (as if SWAT had recently busted in). The chairs' upholstery looked like it came off a porn set (suspicious stains). The towel bar in the bathroom hung about to fall off the wall. The shower (although clean) had the pressure of an 80 yr old man peeing. The bed (although a king-size) gave me the ibby-geebies.After taxes, the room was around a hundred bucks for the night. That's pretty cheap for S.F. The location of this place is really good - pretty safe neighborhood &amp; easy Muni access. This place has soooo much potential!However, I think I've stayed at this place for the last time...at least until I hear that some drastic changes have taken place here.If you opt to stay here, know that it's a bit of a gamble. You might get lucky w/ one of their clean &amp; renovated rooms; or you might get something of the crack-house variety.Good luck!	
Mar 25 2008 	Hated the Heritage Marina Hotel--was bitten by bed bugs--filthy	I was extremely disappointed in this hotel, especially after reading the reviews that were posted. It has fallen into disrepair. The elevator was very slow and filthy. The room was dirty and I felt nervous getting under the sheets. Sure enough, I got bit by bedbugs. The towels weren't changed, even when I asked for more. Please take this hotel off your recommended list. Mary Spokane, WA	
Feb 20 2008 	You pay for what you get	When we arrived and opened the door we smelt an overwhelming musty smell. The lights did not all work, and one evening the light and TV went out for half and hour before coming back on! Parking is a bit tight and we were advised not to leave any belongings in sight, so took everything out just to be on the safe side.The staff were efficient and helpful at the front desk and the breakfast was very good. This is a budget hotel and has a very tired feeling about it. The bedlinen was clean enough but it was best not to look too closely!	
Feb 15 2008	Stay Away from the Heritage Marina Hotel	My husband and I booked this hotel based on pictures we saw of it on a website. It is NOTHING like what we saw on the website. Peeling paint on all the doors in the hallways, fraying and smelly carpet, and the first room they gave us was a horror show. In that first room I sat dejected on the edge of the bed - wondering how we ended up in there. Unfortunately I was barefoot at the time, and ended up stepping into a puddle of wetness in the carpet between the bathroom and the bed. Disgusting. The telephone was black with dirt and yuck. There were stains on the satin fabric on the chairs. The bedspread felt like it was crawling with dirt. I quite simply couldn't handle it and promptly burst into tears of frustration, after so looking forward to checking into a nice, clean hotel room (we had been camping in Oregon the night before arrival). My husband suggested we go back downstairs and ask for another room. The front desk girl was helpful enough (she looked like she'd heard/seen this scene more than a few times) and gave us the key to another room. It was marginally better (and I do mean marginally) and it at least had a better bathroom. I never took my flip flops off while in the room and we both used our own pillows that we brought on our trip for the camping portions. All in all I'd say it was by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in, and I've stayed in a few. We love San Francisco and very much look forward to coming back, but will never, ever stay in this place again, and neither should you.	
Jan 12 2008	No Heat Old Room!!	Exterior looks old, lobby looks new and nice, hotel inside is as old as outside. The hallways are smelly, old carpet, elevator has bugs and makes noises like its going to crash down. Rooms are disgusting, smelly, old carpet, old furniture! 1st room we stayed in the toilet leaked all over the floor, and the heater was broke(we froze the whole night). 2nd room we were upgraded to a suite, 2 lamps didn't work, tv didn't work, fridge smelled awful, and again no heater. We called the front desk, an hour later maintenance came to look at it and tell us it was broken(duh), then said they would get us a space heater since every other rooms heater was broken too. An hour later he returned with nothing saying they didn't have it anymore, we had to ask for blankets and he only returned with 2 about an hour later. Next day when leaving, we met a guy in the elevator that said he had been there 3 days no heat, disgusting room, and worst service ever. Great location, in walking distance to everything like Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, Financial District, but WORST room ever!	
Jan 3 2008 	THIS PLACE SHOULD BE CALLED A MOTEL	I just returned from San Francisco with my boyfriend and 6 of his family members. We were originally going to stay in this hotel over New Year's. When we arrived we thought the cab driver must have been mistaken because we pulled up in front of a rat trap. Unfortunately we were at the right place! This place looks nothing like the advertised pictures of it. We checked into one room (the other three rooms were not ready yet), there was graffiti in the elevator and down the walls in the hallway. The pool looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months. There was mold on the carpet in the hallway. when we got into our room, the lock on the inside of our door was broken, the in-room safe had a hole drilled in it making it completely useless. There was also a little &quot;Walkway&quot; out side of our window (it wasn't big enough to be called a balcony) that adjoined the room next to us and there was no lock whatsoever on our window, meaning whoever stayed next door would be able to get into our room if they wanted to. My boyfriend tried to take a shower in the bathroom and there was no hot water the tub was disgusting and black around the edges. The pain was peeling off of the walls all throughout the room.We were quite upset about the fact that travelocity advertised this hotel the way they did because when we booked it looked like a beautiful hotel. After an hour in the hotel we decided that staying there would completely ruin our whole trip to San Francisco and decided to talk to the front desk about our situation. When we talked to the lady at the front desk and told her the situation of our room she said &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; ... we paid $158 a night for this hotel. The front desk staff was completely rude and unhelpful and told us that the only thing that they could do for us would be to move us to a different room, when we asked if it would be a nicer room (as in cleanliness, and being able to lock our doors and windows) she replied it would be the same as the one we were in. There's much more...but to put it bluntly this hotel is disgusting, and a total ripoff. Motel 6 looks like a palace compared to this place.If you are going to San Francisco and are thinking about staying in this hotel...DON'T go stay at The Triton, that's where we ended up staying for the rest of our trip it was cheaper than this hotel and it was GORGEOUS!!!	
Dec 31 2007	Warning	Warning!! Some one in this hotel has a pass key and used to to steal our packages. My wife and I checked in on 12/22/07. 0n 12/24/07 my wife went shopping on Union St.came back to the room to drop off $ 200.00 worth of gifts. We returned later that night the packages were gone. Doors &amp; windows were locked. The front desk was of &quot;NO HELP&quot; We left that night for another hotel. You Have Been Warned.Dave &amp; Wife	
Dec 17 2007 	Used to be OK	We have known this hotel on and off by several names, over 20 yrs. I would say, unless you are on a really tight budget, I would give this hotel a wide berth now. Perfect location, however, in real need of a lot spent on it. Very tatty, to put it mildly!	
Nov 16 2007	Bedbugs	This hotel was just awful.The halls are dark and smell of urine. The beds has torn sheets, holes in the spreads and BEDBUGS.The curtains were stained yellow.The bathroom was dirty, towels extremely worn and the light did not work. The hotel is open to the street and there is no security – there were less than desirable folks wandering the halls. A few were sleeping in old mattress on the back side near the parking area. Despite asking for one over and over, a manager never address our concerns or even talked to us. Take care and STAY AWAY from this place.	
Nov 8 2007 	Perfect Location and comfortable room	After reading some of the reviews here, I was worried of what I would find. My room was clean, comfortable, and the bathroom was fine. True the corridors need to be remodeled, but the room was great - everything worked the way it should! You cannot find a better location to stay for a visit of San Francisco. I walked across the street to Union Street and went to the restaurants, coffee shops and stores from Union to Chester Streets and Polk Street shops are behind the hotel on the next block. From the hotel, it is easy to walk to Fisherman Wharf, North Beach, Union Square, and Chinatown (of if prefer there are buses available). I don't know if they recently renovated, but I was satisfied with my room and for the price it is a great deal.	
Oct 30 2007	Disgusting - Dont Stay Here!!!!!	We stayed 6 Nights at this hotel (it was a disgusting dirty hotel), blood stained bedcovers, filthy carpets (room not cleaned on one day (when we complained to reception was told the maids had not turned up for work that day!). No bath plug (took 2 days to receive one). Missing light bulbs in ceilng fittings/lampstands &amp; bathroom. Lights fused when using hairdryer (no repair for 12+ hours). Reception staff (with exception of one 'Ike') were totally rude/clueless/useless. Breakfast (out of 6 days only managed to get any twice (2 mornings they run out of food @ 8.00am and the rest of the days (4) was unable to get seat/table, as breakfast room is totally inadequate to deal with numbers of people staying at the hotel. Breakfast consisted of Bagels, flat (plastic wrapped danish), coffee and orange (call this Deluxe!!). This hotel is not worth any amount of money to stay in (no matter how little you pay). It stunk in the corridors/lifts and worst of all it is not safe (especially for women), you can access the hotel from the street. Please Please Please we urge you DO NOT stay at this hotel. We were 4 women on a weeks trip (this ruined our break). If we could have afforded to move to another hotel we would have!!!!!!!! We felt very unsafe.	
Oct 29 2007 	LEFT MY HEART IN SAN FRAN!	This a smaller scale hotel. But it is very clean, the manager is exceptional, and the location is on a nice quiet street that still has easy access to everything. We stayed here for 10days and would go back in heart beat! The contential breakfast was small, but filling bagels, toast, cereal, fruit, and coffee or tea.The lounge was nice and laid back for a night cap. There is the best little Sushi Restaurant down the street called Wasabi Ginger, it is so delicious. Tons of great authenic restaurants around this hotel. Just to list a few: Steak, Thai, Greek, Swiss ( fondue), Japenese, and American. Beds were very comfy, pool was a little cold but it was November. It makes me miss this hotel just talking about it. Highly recommended if you want a very quiet, clean, well managed, centrally located hotel, at a great price! We loved it!	
Oct 15 2007 	Better than expected	After reading the reviews on this place I was wondering what I had let myself in for. Bed bugs, dirt, shabby, dirty towels, toilets that did not work etc... No need to worry however, I found this place to be clean, rooms anyway, corridors not, clean towels provided every day, and although I did have a problem with the toilet it was fixed quickly by the hotel. Reception very helpful and efficient.No it not the Ritz, but if you are looking for somewhere that is very reasonably priced with a very good location then this is it. We had 3 rooms, all were large and everything worked in all of them. The beds and bathrooms were clean. Yes it could do with updating, but overall I feel that it was good value for money. The location was great. A short walk to Fisherman's wharf, and if you turn right out of the hotel and climb the hill, you come across Polk St. Turn right into this and you will find great bars and places to eat. We sat outside a bar and met some very nice people who live in the area. We were welcomed back here more than once. I have stayed in hotels with far worse service than this, and noisier, which were meant to be higher 'star'. Don't expect it to be fantastic - you get what you pay for, but rooms are clean, and the location could not have been better.	
Oct 14 2007 	It was fine for us	This place isn't nearly as bad as everyone makes it sound. Maybe we just got lucky with a good room, but we were completely happy with it. I don't see why people are complaining about &quot;worn carpet&quot; and &quot;slow elevators&quot; when they probably found this hotel by searching for the cheapest thing in San Francisco (that's how we found it). If you really care about the carpet and coat hangers, you won't like this place. But if you are looking for a cheap place to stay in a fantastic location, this is it.	
Oct 8 2007 	DON'T STAY HERE -- BED BUGS!!	I got this hotel off Hotwire, hoping to get another one in mind. The website has a picture of the lobby which is deceiving because you think it must be decent. It's not. The hallways are dark and covered with old cheap carpet. The room is basic, just a pole to hang clothes, an ironing board, a platform to put your suitcase, a TV with drawers underneath and a desk. The toilet seat was made for a bigger bowl so you can imagine how much they pay attention to detail. The shower didnt drain that well so I was always standing in a large puddle, and the drain cover wasnt even attached so who knows what could've mixed.I only stayed two nights, I didnt get a good nights sleep the first night because I was so itchy. The nexy day, I noticed all these blood spots all over the bed and pillows. I knew there mustve been bed bugs. The next day, they didnt even change the sheets after seeing this. I didn't bother getting in the bed the second night because I was paranoid of those bugs. When I came home, I found a bed bug crawling in a pack of tissues from my bag -- I'm worried now!!In short, don't stay here, it's not worth being cheap when you're absolutely miserable......	
Sep 25 2007	Not Recommended	The room was clean, but no air conditioning just an over head fan. The halls are very dirty. The room next to me was broken into while I was there. The restaurnt was abandohned, as was the bar.	
Sep 24 2007 	Stay away!!!!! Too many problems to offset cheap rooms	I stayed at this hotel for a week. We had nothing but problems. When we first arrived our room had a filthy bathroom, no hangers, and a broken window which we had to tie a belt to so no one would crawl in. We were able to change rooms the next day. This room was cleaner but the ceiling fan was broken. We were given a small table fan which did not help. Despite asking to speak to the manger for a week he was always &quot;unavailable&quot;. The location is fantastic and within walking distance of the Fishermans Wharf area and Lombard Street. The continental breakfast is okay and the staff there were very nice, often letting stragglers in after the posted 9 am closing.The bar and restaurant have been closed and abandoned leaving empty rooms which give a ghettoish appearance. parking after 8 pm was a challenge as there are not enough spaces for all of the cars.Although the price was cheap for San Francisco and the location was good I would not advise anyone to stay here. The hotel is very worn, in great disrepair and management clearly could care less. Please do not stay here.	
Sep 22 2007 	Filthy hotel with great location	We stayed at this hotel in September. We had two rooms. Our room was actually not too bad; it was clean and not too noisy (facing inside, pool side). Only 2 light bulbs were out in bathroom, and it looked like cleaners did not bother to look next to night stand..as there were some candy wrappers on the floor..However, my mom's room was TOTALLY FILTHY and smelled like mold (there actually was green mold in bathroom ceiling, but maintenance came in to clean with bleach). First of all they had dirty sheets! Floor had not been vacuumed for ages, it looked pretty bad, TV could not be turned on by using remote (broken) and when you try to turn TV on by pressing buttons on TV...buttons would not work. We called it in, as well as asked cleaners to come and clean. maintenance engineer stopped by but did not have any better luck, he had to use some sort of wire to poke the button so that he could switch channels..so when he left, we could not watche TV. Cleaners came, but again they did not vacuum the floor. Oh, cleaners did help themselves on quarter piles that we had on night stand..I guess we should not have left money laying around, however they still should not have touched it.There was 1 great thing about this room; you can see Golden Gate Bridge..so it was a nice view.Breakfast was pretty sterile..bagels, cream chees, coffee, OJ and cereal. Breakfast room looked like some old office space..not much decorating there. Location is great, because you can walk easily in 15 minutes to Ghiradelli Square and cable car. But overall our impression of this hotel is POOR and we would not recommend it.	
Sep 16 2007 	Central located but like a horror movie on the night	This hotel is located very central at Van Ness ave. with short walks to the famous Lombard Street. You have also easy access to the Cable Car two blocks away from the hotel. If you want to go to Fishermans Warf, you can take bus 47 from Van Ness Ave. So the hotel is very central located.However the experience with the hotel was not so good. First of all, the rooms does not have aircondition, just a small fan over the bed. This makes the room a bit warm and uncomfortable when you arrive, so you need to have the doors to the room open to get &quot;fresh&quot; air inside. The parking is a nightmare on this hotel, since it is small and differcult to get the car inside. And the hotel looks good in days, but in the nights, the light makes it looks like the perfect horror movie. The elevators is really slow.When it comes to room cleaning, me and my girlfriend discovered that we got towels with dirt back again, and when we needed toilet paper, we needed to ask the front desk. The room cleaning staff did NOT provide toilet paper when they're cleaning the room.The hotel have wireless internet, but the antenna is placed on the roof, and maybe it is used by others than the hotel, because inside the room, even with line of sight, it was a bad connection. Because of this, I needed to use internet at the front desk, which have a high price.Compared to the price for the hotel: The price gives you a good location, central in San Francisco, but it does not give you comfortable rooms. I think the hotel need some renewal, so I suggest that they need to renew the hotel and at least put aircondition in the rooms!	
Sep 8 2007	How Filthy! Ugh!!!	Heritage Marina Hotel, San Francisco, California, August, 2007. Cheaprooms.com booked us for two nights. We checked into the hotel after 3PM and walked to the elevator, almost in the dark, no lighting. Outside the elevator and down and dark hall the doors on the rooms had paint peeling in both pink (?) and brown, and rather dismal looking flooring. Deciding to go to the room and give it a chance we walked in and the place was dirty. Beds had been made and towels put in the bathroom but that must have been all. The lamp shades were full of cobwebs and dust and dirt/water spots. The curtains were draped in cobwebs and dust also. The bathroom sink still had mascara smudged on it and there was dirt in the corners of the bathroom floor along with dirty footprints. The sheets were spotted and too small and thin for the matresses, you could see the ticking right through them. Each bed had a &quot;shrunken&quot; size matress pad on it. I couldn't imagine laying down on it. It was not at all acceptable. We checked out but were told we would be billed for one night. It was a two star hotel which I understand was older and not top shelf. But two stars does not mean dirty to me. Carlos at CheapRoom.com said that maybe that was what I should have expected. I disagreed. I was billed for the penalty but given 30 days to rebook somwhere else for two days. Also they are still showing an Italian restaurant and meeting rooms available... these were all padlocked and paper taped over the windows. Please let others know that this is not a nice place to stay. Many Thanks. D.A.	
Sep 5 2007	Stay away!!!!! Hallways look like they are out of a horror film!	As soon as I checked in I knew I had made a mistake. The elevator was so scary and opened to the street that I was afraid to go in then I went up the stairs and there were red stains on the walls that looked like blood. The hallways were equally as scary and the room was disgusting. This place should be closed by the health department. As a female travelling alone I checked out and decided to lo lose the $ and find somewhere safer. Stay away!!!!	
Aug 28 2007	Bug bites and blood stained sheets	How'd this place get two stars on hotels.com? I am completely, totally disgusted, and very itchy this morning.	
Aug 25 2007 	Filth pubic hair everywhere blood on sheets etc.	I intended this to be cheap get away. The money saved could not offset the horror that we experienced. The elevator scared the hell out of me. The room was FILTHY! The shower was totally clogged (although this was remedied) There was [literally] pubic hair on the towels (I was so disgusted I went to the trunk of the car and brought in towels I use to dry my car with- they were cleaner.) To top it off when I turned the bed down there was dried blood stains on the sheet. The other bed's sheets were cleaner but we were so grossed out we drove to a friends house on the east bay about 35mins away to sleep on his floor. Even if you can get a good rate on this &quot;dwelling&quot; the bitter aftertaste will linger long after the few bucks saved is gone. On a positive note we ate at Luna's on Union Street and had amazing Italian food in a very cozy resturaunt.	
Aug 24 2007	Rather sleep rough..........	I dont know how this hotel stays open - it must survive through the money from guests who have been taken in by inaccurate descriptions and touched up photos on booking websites. If you value your health and your holiday enjoyment, please find somewhere else to sleep. Our room smelt like it had been inhabited by a 50-a-day chain smoker for the past 5 years. I am certain we had the same bed linen as the previous guests, the carpet was so disgusting that i had to put shoes on to walk to the bathroom from the bed. Our children's room had a large wet patch on the carpet and the toilet flushed itself all night. Our room was dark, dingy and revolting - not what you fly for 10 hours from London to experience. The pool water looked like soup. The staff were miserable (who wouldnt be?) and never apologised for anything. When we arrived the lobby was full of guests complaining. A real disappointment. It may be a convenient and pleasant location but my advice is, spend a bit more and go elsewhere - anywhere.	
Aug 24 2007 	Back packers flea pit // AVOID	this placed looked OK on their web site and not having read the reviews on this web site left home for a happy visit to San Francisco. Based on Hotwires 2 Star rating I wasn't expecting the Ritz but was expecting clean &amp; somewhat modernised rooms. This hotel is a back packers flea pit. I was assigned room #340, which I see has been mentioned by someone else. Upon seeing the room I immediatley contacted front desk and asked to be moved ... &quot;sorry, we are full&quot; ... I decided to leave and walking past several what appeared to be empty rooms realised that they keep 340 for Hotwire customers maybe ? this place is a [--] HOLE ... Hotwire states that 2 stars would a national brand like Days Inn or a &quot;quality&quot; hotel. I remember staying in a places like this when I was back packing across the US in 1980 as a young student. if you're a young student travelling on a tight budget maybe you'd think this was OK ....! but reading these reviews 99% of you have a similar opinion of this place. Hotwire, please remove the Heritage Marina from your list of hotels.	
Aug 13 2007 	Needs some work	I've read mixed reviews on this hotel and after going I know why. Not all the rooms are equal. We were able to switch rooms because the light in the bathroom wasn't working and the fire sprinkler head was leaking. It was the scariest, smallest, dingiest room I've ever seen and I've stayed in plenty. The front desk staff was friendly when I asked if they would move us into an inside room versus the room facing the parking lot. I didn't feel safe in the first room with my two young nieces. The room they gave us by the pool was at least 2-1/2 times bigger, newer furniture, larger beds, a table. Sadly, it was still pretty run down, but acceptable. There were stains all over the carpet a few on the drapes. Another review had mentioned finding hair in the bed and I did as well, but the linens smelled fresh, so I assume the stray hairs were from when the maid made the bed. Our electricity went out in the a.m. because of a circuit and we had luke warm showers. It's hard to believe they actually remodeled in 2003. I don't think they remodeled the entire hotel. I would only go back if they truly remodeled - including upgrading the electrical wiring. The kids enjoyed the heated pool.	
Aug 11 2007 	Too dirty do not go there	Date : August 8, 2007Worst hotel in my 3 wks stay in USA. Only the lobby is ok, but personnel is not very friendly. We got a room on the back yard. Room : was ugly, not cleaned, two different cover beds, sheets not too cleaned and not ironed, powder against insects everywhere, window was not closing properly, shower door was not closing : water everywhere, one lamp was not working.The rest : elevator indicates validity certificate until oct 2005, stairs are horrible, with what used to be a carpet, swimming pool cannot be used : water is extremely dirty, breakfast is like eating in a canteen.Two positive points : free parking, good location for public transportation	
Aug 1 2007 	High Cost - Low Standards	I thought that the hotel's location was good - however, the hotel was in dire need of work. The property information listed the hotel was built in 1958 and renovations in 2003. By the looks of the place - the only thing they renovated was the hotel lobby. The walls, carpets, doors, etc. were very dirty and in dire need of replacement and/or repair. The hallway and doors to the room had big chips of paint missing. Something you would see in a very low rent district. We had planned on staying for 3 days - but ended up checking out a day earlier. We wanted to spend the least amount of time in the room as possible. i had requested a rollaway before we checked in. They told me it would be in the room. It wasn't. So - I requested one the next day. Again they told me they would have one in my room in the morning. When we returned in the evening - no rollaway. Each morning we left the room - we stayed out as long as we could before we HAD TO come back to sleep. I would not recommend this hotel. The location really isn't worth the poor conditoins and the money you are spending.	
Jul 10 2007 	All is not well	We stayed in this hotel at the end of June 2007. Yes the location is good but that's where it ends. The rooms are shabby (we had 2 ).. insect powder around the corners of the rooms, cock roaches, window locks not working, mould on the shower curtain, no hot water. The lift and lift lobby were scary and grubby. Hall carpeting looked like it was laid before the great fire/earthquake. I was glad to move on from what was easliy the worst location we stayed in during a 3 week vacation to California.	
Jul 9 2007 	Urine smell	My list of problems: Urine smell in elevator; no hot water, toilet keeps running; ice machine leaks has large puddle in hallway; no fly screen on window(they claimed it was broken); room dirty after cleaning; I had to call to get clean towels; hookers in hallway( I have kids); clerks are rude with poor English; front desk won't answers calls. Nothing personal, its just a dump.	
Jun 30 2007 	Fleas	The hotel has a fleas infestation, when we complained about it, the response from the front desk was that they were aware of the problem, but didn't realize it was happening in our room, no apology was issued, nor an attempt to fix the problem. On top of that the linens are dingy and often stained, with grey spots, and even blood stains. The shower curtain had mold growing on it. I would reccomend you avoid this hotel. Spend a little more, but at least you won't have to undergo uncontrollable itching for days.	
Jun 27 2007 	Better crack houses in TJ!	Pictures make this hotel no justice!! On the contrary, your paying for the photographer that made this hotel look like an amazement! Parking by a trash can, non smoking room that smells like cigerettes, broken down walls, light switches that dont work, kids out there drinking and smoking marijuana, walking down to have your key programmed three times, cause your key wont open your room. Finalyy someone came to open it showing me a trick to use my key, and on top of this the managers had no remorse, listening to hardcore rap music in front desk with no class what so ever, and to put a cherry on top the management looked at me as if we were the one's that were wrong!! Lets put it this way...I have been to better motels in third world countries.	
Jun 18 2007	We will never go back.	We were on a trip with our Field Ecology class (ages 19-40) and booked 6 rooms. All of them had something wrong. Some of the things wrong in the rooms - one did not have a bathtub only a &quot;shower area&quot;, ceiling fan missing two blades, windows wouldn't open, mismatched bed spreads, no daily maid service in one room, didn't leave clean towels in another, expired elevator permits (one expired in 2005), split up our group between floors when rooms were available on our floor, room keys would not work and we had to keep going to the front desk for new keys. We made reservations with two of the rooms to be looking out at the golden gate bridge for classroom activities in the morning - they gave those rooms to someone else. Complained to property manager about continued problems - nothing was resolved. We will not be back nor will any of the classes to go out there in the future. We will do whatever to find a nicer place and pay more to stay someplace else. Some office in San Fran should investigate this place. Purely a dump, and as long as people stay there they will not be forced to fix or clean this place up.	
Jun 16 2007 	Great Location...	Stayed there for one week and it was great very close to the FISHERMAN'S WHARF and to LOMBARD ST. the staff were just amazing and kind they even gave me a small refrigerator :)I will defently return to this hotel it was wonderful.Always ask for a room with a view to the golden gate bridge.here's some pictures enjoy :)	
Jun 4 2007 	Avoid Room 340 outside next to fire excape	This hotel made me leave and come back to check in to a room. I asked several times for a clean room and something not too hard to get too because I have a partial handicap preventing me from climbing. I left my bags and that mean bringing them around the front desk on my own and placing them among 50 or more other bags just left there. No tag to identify my bags from other were provided. I came back later and was offered a room about 1 hour earlier than check in. Desk clerk mentioned I would not be able to partake in the breakfast because I was leaving at 4:30 am. I had them book a shuttle for me back to the airport for $15.00. I accepted the room and began my quest for find this room. Up to the elevator which was, dirty, scary, dark, scuff marks, and smelly. I arrived on the first floor to the center courtyard or inside section of the hotel. If you look from a distance it doesn't seem so bad. Up close, it's terrible. I followed signes for 340 and didn't find it. I walked in the opposite direction and didn't find it. Finally I asked a maid about the room and she pointed to an exit door at the end of a corridor. It exited to a walkway outside leading to a fire excape. Just before the ladder to the escape was a door. Yes, it was room 340. What a dump. Old whitewashed armoir, side table, desk, and countertop. Dirty rug, old bathroom with shower which didn't drain normal. No air conditioner. Remote control for TV was taped together. I was exhausted and didn't have the energy to walk back and complain. I did my tour that night and crashed for an early rize to fly home. I did get some sleep, I didn't get bug bites, and I made it out safely.	
May 14 2007 	Forget this hotel	No one in their right mind should ever stay at this hotel. The place is a pig sty. I moved rooms and nothing changed. The first room has dead snake skins all over the place. I found a piece of skin beside the bed and looked under the bed and found about 8 more pieces of snake skin. I asked to be moved and the second room was no better. Had food wrappers and and old sock under the bed. I do believe that they do not vacuum under the beds. This hotel has no restaurant as I was led to believe. The carpets are filthy and the hall ways are no better. Old gum was stuck to the carpet in the room. The windows offer no security when open as the winders fall off. You have to carry your luggage up one flight of stairs to get to the front desk. The door that has a ramp only opens about two feet as the door scrapes on the floor. My only regret was that I didn't ask for my money back.	
Apr 19 2007	Basic but comfortable	This hotel was basic but comfortable. Everything in it worked and it was in a nice area (we felt safe coming back on a night) which was great for three females travelling together... staff were friendly and there were plenty of leaflets in reception with information on things to see and places to go... Taxis outside waiting to take you!! Theres a restaurant next door, Little Joes Diner i think they called it... food was nice and the guys there were friendly...on of them showed us how to make a dressing they use... simple but nice lol! After getting to know San Francisco and what other hotels are around I would probably try one of those next time but I wouldnt rule out the Heritage!	
Apr 17 2007 	Overpriced Flophouse	My god, what can I say about this hotel that hasn't been said already? I'm not a picky traveler and have traveled all over the world--that means I've stayed in some really dodgy areas and in some places that were dives. This surpassed them all by far. Our accommodation fell through, so we were left with days to find a decent hotel for Friday night, 4/13. Since things in the area were sold out or completely out of our price range, we settled for this hotel at over $150/night. I've never felt more ripped off than when I made my way through the leaking outer corridors and ghetto-type inner corridors to see the abomination that was our room.It smelled, the carpet was crunchy, it looked like the bedspreads hadn't been washed since the 1960s, there was dirt everywhere, and we were afraid that the shower head was going to fall on our heads when we braved a shower. As for positives, I'd have to say that the location was superb, even though every passing cab kept on going as we waited out front for over 1/2 hr--we presumed it was because of the type of clientele that would frequent this establishment. The front desk people were also helpful and I feel badly that they have to represent this decrepit property. Oh, we also got to park for free, so that was a plus, too. The continental breakfast was passable, even though it was held in a moldy conference room.All in all, a complete and total rip-off and quite literally the worst place in which I've stayed in my entire life. That's saying a LOT.	
Apr 15 2007 	Shabby and dirty room	My husband and I stayed at the Heritage Marina Hotel in San Francisco for two nights too many. It's only good point is that it is very convenient for Fisherman's Wharf area. The smart reception area belies what lies behind; the corridors are fitted with ancient sticky and filthy carpets and our room was grimey. There was a chemical smell all over the room, including the sheets and towels (as if it had been sprayed for bugs). The dirt was thick along the tops of the tiles in the bathroom. In conclusion, if you want a room at a reasonable rate that is close to the main attractions in San Francisco and you don't expect a clean room, then this is the place for you.	
Apr 12 2007 	Possibly the worst hotel ever!	We just got back from a much needed vacation. We stayed at the heritage marina Easter Sunday April 8 and 9th. We were on a really tight budget and the Heritage Marina seemed to have all that we could want... Cheap rate, private bathroom, large bed, free breakfast, free parking, and close to fisherman's warf. ALL LIES!!! We weren't anywhere close to fisherman's warf. The continental breakfast was a joke... old food and barely enough. The room seemed just okay at first... but everything was stained, had holes, hairs, and just plain disgusting... the only thing worse than all that... the BED BUG BITES that we got. Of course there is free parking... there isn't anything around the area. We spent too much time walking up and down hills and too much money on taxi's to get to all the places we wanted to see. I would NEVER reccommend this hotel to anyone. For only 50 bucks more, we could have stayed close to things in a CLEAN room. Also, when we asked for more pillow cases, a pillow, and a sheet.... 40 minutes passed and nothing. Finally, I called down to the front desk and they hadn't even called housekeeping. 15 minutes later, a girl with her toddler son knocked on our door... with only two pillows. Both pillows were filthy. UGH. AND... the entire peep hole (which is a 3&quot; wide cylinder) was entirely pulled out!!! The maid didn't clean our room, just left two new stained towels!CONS for staying at Heritage Marina1. Proximity to anything is not what they say2. Everything was stained- Towels, pillows, pillow cases, sheets, etc.3. Thin, thin, walls4. Free breakfast is nasty5. BED BUGS!!!!!!6. Bad service7. Elevators open to streets8. Unsafe9. Not relaxing or pleasantStaying here nearly ruined our vacation. I still have the free souvenirs they gave us... Bed Bug Bites! YUCK!	
Apr 1 2007 	Bedbugs	I thought the hotel was ok until I discovered on returning home after my two night stay that I was covered with bedbug bits!	
Mar 18 2007	Excellent Value for money!	Despite having bad reviews I booked this hotel for a 10 night stay in San Francisco. The room which I stayed in had a view of the pool and although dated, it was clean. The flush on the toilet was slightly dodgy and you had to make sure that the handle was pulled back up to stop the water pouring into it. I avoided using the lift where possible because on many occasions there were signs saying out of order. Breakfast was great though, all you can eat bagels and cereal, which could be taken up to your room and were popular with all guests. I would definately stay here again, the hotel was close enough to other attractions and very good bus lines right outside the hotel. The only bad thing is the restaurant next door to the hotel which I had an awful meal in and I would suggest you avoid at all costs!	
Mar 11 2007	Great value friendly atmosphere	I stayed at the Heritage Marina Hotel as part of a Sixth Form (age 16-18) school trip to San Francisco for the AAAS Science Conference being held at the Hilton Hotel and Towers.I have to say that the hotel surprised me, as it had a lovely, friendly atmosphere, the rooms were spacious for a budget hotel, and it was very clean. All the staff did their best to make you feel welcome - it was great. (and this is coming from someone who has stayed in 5* star hotels around the world!)One piece of advice - don't get any of the rooms overlooking the car park on the 3rd floor - we were put in their first, however it was the only place in the hotel that felt very open to the public. I found that the 2nd floor was best, as it was within easy distance to the breakfast room.Break fast for me was great - it consisted of tea, coffee, fruit juice, cereal, bagels and fruit. The hotel is within easy distance of the central shopping district of San Francisco - there are number 47 and 49 buses which stop outside the hotel, and if you get off at the Oak-Market stop you can then get on numerous other buses/trams/trolleys all of which take you straight along the street where all the shops are (which avoids walking through the dodgy Tenderloin district). You can easily walk to Fisherman's Wharf from the hotel, however if you're not one for a bit of hill walking, you can take the 47 bus in the opposite direction which goes straight to pier 41.Honestly, ignore the bad reviews - the hotel was fantastic value for money, and I'd stop there again and take my parents.	
Feb 27 2007 	good budget lodging	I stayed here for running the SF marathon. I am a budget minded traveler, so take my review in context.I could not bring myself to spend the exhorbitant amount of money that most SF hotels cost, so i went looking for a bargain and i found it here. some of the previous postings had me a bit concerned, but to no worry.teh rooms (and the hotel for that matter) are some what spartan, dont go expecting the ritz. they were clean. teh one i stayed in was on teh front of the hotel, so the street noise could be loud, especially since you have to open the windows for lack of AC. But my room had nice new furniture, and the view was exactly what was on the webiste, a nice view of the golden gate bridge. free parking - a nice bonus.centrally located to anywhere you'd want to go in the city.easy walk to fisherman's warf. Walkable to crissy field and golden gate (keep in mind - i run marathons). Hard walk (because of hill) to nearest cable cars.breakfast was standard fare, bur crowded, i did not even know that many people were at the hotel until i saw the line for breakfast.I ate at the italian restaraunt the night before the race, the food was good, not great, and price appropriate for SF. Great coffee and tiramasu after dinner.I say - save the big bucks you'd pay for other hotels and stay here, especially if you are planning on being out sightseeing all day anyway.	
Jan 21 2007 	What's that smell???	I'm not a picky guy and I've stayed in some questionable lodgings, but I've never felt compelled to check out before letting my luggage breath...until I stayed here. My first surprise when I pulled up was that it's more akin to a motor lodge than a hotel (most hallways are open air and doors face outward to the parking/courtyard). Again, not too picky...so checked in. Rode the rickety elevator (unsecured and opens to the street) to my floor and had my first notion that maybe it was a bad idea. The hallway was dimly lit but just enough so that I noticed stains on the carpet, scuff marks on every wall and the multiple coats of paint on the doors/molding. To compliment the decor there was an ever present smell of cigarettes and mildew. Maybe the room was better? Nope. Broken down furniture, taped up tv remote, torn lamp shades...I could go on. The final straw was yellow/brown stains on the pillow and mattress. I promptly returned to the front desk to get a refund. If I had to say something nice...I guess it's better than sleeping on the street?	
Dec 12 2006 	A fine hotel for the price	We booked this hotel because of location and price. It was in an excellent location and had free covered parking. We could walk to Fisherman's Wharf every day in about 15 minutes. It was in a very safe part of town, we never felt uncomfortable walking everywhere. The staff was helpful...they even put us in a suite the first couple nights even though we booked a standard room because that's all they had left when we showed up. However, the rooms are definitely &quot;economy&quot;. Don't go expecting the Hilton and you won't be disappointed. Everything was clean and both rooms that we stayed in had plenty of room and all the amenities you need on vacation. It was nothing special, but it also was not bad. All we cared about was a good location and cleanliness and we got both.	
Dec 6 2006 	Heritage HotelYou Get What You Pay For	I stayed at the heritage hotel with my 11 year old son in early nov to attend a 49er football game we stayed 3 nights. I paid under 300 dollars for the room. the hotel was run down the elevator didn't work but it had the two things i wanted a bed and a tv. the hotel served my purpose i wasn't hanging around the hotel.take the bus for a $1.50 to fishermans wharf. We went to the wharf and got a muni pass and rode the trolley all day. For breakfast we went downtown and ate a place called lindas it looked like a 50's diner the food was good and the price resonable. If you are going to the football stadium the only way to get there is take #47 bus going down van ness and take a shuttle bus 47x on california ave which cost $6.00 round trip.	
Dec 4 2006 	Avoid at all cost	This hotel should be pulled down as an urgent matter of health and safety to the general public. Smelly dirty unsafe generally falling to pieces and unsafe not to mention very unhelpful staff. I regret not paying more money to stay in a better hotel. another thing it is advertised as close to fishermans wharf well its no where near. They also say they have a nice pool this pool is small dirty and the paint is falling off every part of it. very sorry but avoid at all cost !!	
Nov 7 2006 	Possible the worst hotel we have stayed in!	We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights on the 19th/20th October 2006, as part of our 6 week around the world trip, we booked to stay in this hotel as fell within our price range. For the record it was not even the cheapest we stayed in, but it was definately the worst!If you want cheap and clean, don't stay here!!!Without trying to repeat the comments from some of the other reviews, I am going to list the complaints we had:- the hotel is not close to any major tourist attractions, but to be fair it is easy to get around on the buses and cable cars. (Not the hotels fault, but the bus drivers were the rudest people we have come across in all our travelling!!)- the rooms are small and feel and look dirty, you almost don't want to sleep in the bed- the decor is dated- You do not feel safe in the hotel as the lift and the stairs have access form the outside and it is not in the greatest area - you also need to climb a steep hill to get to your lift- the breakfast was dissappointing as it was more like a canteen than a dining room- Our Biggest problem with this hotel was the bathroom. Apart from being clean, the toilet did not flush properly and the water did not drain from the bath/shower properly!!I would strongly recommend that you dont stay here until a MAJOR revenovation is done	
Oct 30 2006 	Give this one a miss!	We have just returned from a trip to San Francisco, CA. We stayed at the &quot;Heritage Marina&quot; hotel for 5 of these days. It was not our first choice, but everything was booked this week. It was a less than pleasant experience. Did not look anything like it does on the websites! We checked into our first horrifying room to find it overlooked the trash &amp; homeless person going thru it. It did not include a fridge or microwave as requested. We were then moved to a second room that neither ourselves or the desk person could enter. Our third room was a smoking room (we had requested non-smoking!). We were finally moved to a fourth room that overlooked the pool which, by comparison was much better than the others. Next problem- the t.v did not work? After this was taken care of, we noticed the room was remarkably hot. We did not want to complain again so we dealt with it. It never got below 85 degrees in there which was strange as we were on the bottom floor- does heat not rise? There was construction going on that was not mentioned when we booked. We were woken bright &amp; early every morning to the sounds of hammering! Also, the walls are VERY thin!! We could hear more than we wanted from our neighbours (beware those with children). The room was not clean at all. In fact I don't think they cleaned it once while we stayed except to make the beds. I don't think it was ever vaccuumed (don't look under the beds or behind anything). The yellow 70's bathroom bothered me the most as it was very dirty. For example the shower curtain &amp; tub had mold on it &amp; the towels were grey &amp; old. Forget about hot water in the morning. We didn't book the hotel to hang out in but I did want a clean comfortable place to spend the night! Overall the best thing going for this hotel is the location. It is very central to everything, close to the bus stop &amp; it seems a fairly safe area- but make sure your expectations are low! Mine were, but I was still disappointed. Maybe some rooms are nicer than others......	
Oct 30 2006 	AVOID	Not enough breakfast tables so people have to stand or sit on the floor.People were actually eating ,stood outside with their food balanced on railings and this next to construction work near to the pool area.This place is also dirty.Be careful managing your cases as you will be on a very steep hill side to reach your room !At least a twenty minute walk from the bay so dont let the Marina name fool you .Our worst experience in sixteen trips to he states.	
Oct 30 2006 	keep an open mind	This hotel is in a safe part of town, its close to fishermans wharf but as stated it isn't right next to it. You can use the MUNI bus to get down van ness more then walk to the wharf. IT HAS FREE PARKING, which for most hotels is $20/ night. I have usually stayed at this hotel because of the value, free parking, safe neiborhood, fairly convienent location, free cont. breakfast. GREAT VALUE.It is a bit ran down, and it may smell(I've never noticed) I've stayed here 3 times last year and my rooms were all clean and remodeled. The rooms next to van ness are noisy though. I plan to stay here in future, if youre budget minded this is the hotel for you, especially if you have a car. If you dont have a car then I would stay closer to union square but keep out of the tenderloin district at night because it is riddled with drugs and crime unfortunetly, day time isn't too bad but I wouldn't bring the kids there if you know what I mean.	
Oct 14 2006 	Clean and spacious room/Good Location	My husband and I chose this hotel based on previous reviews and because it was cheap and centrally located. It had free parking and free internet access. The hallway was a little dirty with some stains on the carpets. However, our room was clean and spacious. We walked the few blocks to Fisherman's Wharf and bought the $18 Three Day Travel Pass for the buses and cable cars (highly recommended.) There is a bus stop across the hotel that takes you down Van Ness and you can then catch the California cable car towards downtown and Union Square. We also caught the bus that went to AT&amp;T Park to watch the Dodgers beat the Giants!! We met other guests at the hotel in town to attend the baseball games as well.The great shops and restaurants of Union street are just a couple blocks away. We would definitely stay there again.Valley Village, CA	
Oct 13 2006 	never stay here!	Never stay at this hotel. The hotel is nothing like they advertise. The rooms are dirty and smell. I felt dirty staying at this hotel. The hotel staff is rude and very unprofessional. If you ask the staff a question they act as if they are doing you a favor to answer it. I would rather sleep in my car than stay at this hotel again! Another problem is that there is not enough parking for cars at the hotel. This causes other guests to double park behind cars, even though there are several signs that state No Double Parking. The hotel has no way of moving the cars and your car becomes blocked in until the other guests comes back and moves their car. If the other guest is out for the evening, you have to wait until they return because the hotel does not like causes problems and having peoples cars moved.  Never ever stay at this Hotel. It was an Awful experience.	
Oct 8 2006 	Just OK barely	I agree with previous posts, the web site is &quot;creatively&quot; done.The room was clean, but worn, the bathroom tile was chipped, and the toilet made up of odd pieces of many kinds and colors of toilets. Also we stayed two nights and when they cleaned the room from the first night they took the soiled towels and didn't leave new ones... HuH???The hallways and elevators were very shabby and grungy, lots of chipped paint and dirty carpet there. One real concern was that the deadbolt on the door was missing and the door viewer so blurry you couldn't see who was standing outside your door. Also it's a very NOISY hotel, being right on Van Ness there is a lot of traffic. Front desk help unenthusiastic. Continental breakfast just fair. Apples, stale bagels, coffee. That's about it. We won't go back, the only reason we stayed here was our regular hotels were already booked.	
Sep 11 2006	Not so great	When we arrived, we were disappointed by the exterior and the motel like qualities (doors open to the outside). The place seemed low class and was not represented well in hotels.com pictures. The furniture in the room was nice, however the room was dirty with visible dirt and hair all over the bathroom floor and hairs in the sheets. The breakfast was nice with a good selection and seemed sanitary enough.	
Aug 27 2006 	House of Meat	For the price, there is not much to complain about. However, the hotel was listed as in the &quot;Fisherman's Wharf area&quot;. In truth, it is about 3 or 4 miles walking distance from the Wharf. I visited San Francisco in April and it was unseasonably warm. The hotel does not have air conditioning, only a ceiling fan and windows that opened a tiny bit. The room that I stayed in must have backed up to the restaurant that is on the property, because each morning the room was filled with the aroma of cooked meat and onions. If you are traveling and only looking for a place to shower and sleep, it is perfect. I can honestly say that I will never stay there again.	
Aug 3 2006	Hey they have Free Parking!	I chose this hotel to save a little money while staying in the San Francisco area and they had FREE parking. Our stay fell somewhere between Terrible and Okay, but some Major problems. I knew we were in for some problems when guests ahead of us were checking in and then out when they found out there was NO AIR Conditioning. (Several people have told us you don't need it in this area normally, however, this was during the heat wave.) Parking is tight and limited but again it is free. We did walk down to the warf area, however, I would only recommend this in the afternoon or early evening hours. Our room was on the 4th floor and had a little patio area off of the slinding door. However, our sliding door had a ripped screen and NO lock. Our window did not open and our ceiling fan was of little use in cooling the room. I think the heat was even on because the floor register felt warmer than it should have even with the warm weather. Even though the hotel site said they renovated in 2003 I think they missed several rooms. The room looked grungy and worn, however, it didn't seem to be Dirty.My mother even saw one of the other guests taking out their window and going into their room that way while his wife just watched. This made us not want to leave any door or window open to try to cool our room. The redeeming factors in this hotel are that it does have potential, free parking and a great view of the Golden Gate Bridge.Bottom line if you want to save money stay here but I wouldn't stay here if I were alone. I did take pictures of our room and will try to add them soon.	
Aug 1 2006	Bad smell	I am sorry to say that the room that was given to me had a bad smell (strong chemical type of smell) and that thebed cover was dirty. The hotel in general was very run down. I would not recommend anyone staying there no matter how inexpensive it is.	
Jul 19 2006 	Good location but very very basic	We were looking for a budget hotel close to attractions and Heritage Marina seemed just OK especially we discovered it was the same hotel (formerly Vagabond Inn) we stayed in 18 years ago and it was very good then. If all you want is a hotel close to attractions this is OK, but it is so basic. We arrived late, was told we had to push our luggage up a hill to get to lift and when we got to room. key didn't work. Went back to reception and it still didn't work. The young night worker came up and opened it and told us we would have to wait till tomorrow for a key !!!! We did get keys later. Day staff were much more helpful but night staff seemed not interested. Our room was very basic. Clean enough but badly in need of refurbishment. Pieces were missing off radiator and there were wires loose in room. The elevator was bit rough and ready too. Had to get used to it been so slow because you thought it had broken down. Breakfast was adequate, pool was small but San Francisco doesn't have weather that you would want to use the pool. We were going to move but as we were only staying 2 nights we stayed put. This hotel is basic. It did suffice for our needs, but just, but we wont be back. On the positive side, location is good, but can't understand why they don't decorate it. Has so much potential in location but looks more like a hotel ready to be knocked down.	
Jul 17 2006	Don't expect much...	I live in San Francisco, and when a family member told me she had booked here I was a bit wary- but I knew that she was on a budget and I had never actually heard anything bad about the place The hotel is in a safe, if uninteresting neighborhood and from the outside looks like any number of other inexpensive. boxy hotels built for people who want something better than a 'motel' but can't afford to stay in a good chain hotel or nearer to the center of things. Perhaps a bit larger than most. I figured that it would be fine for a few nights. I was wrong.The lobby is nice enough, but we first began to have doubts on the way up to the room. The place is built around a central courtyard (pool area), with most doors opening directly onto the courtyard or exposed corridors (like a motel), and pretty much everything needed a fresh paint job. The carpets were worn in the corridors, and some walls were patched and painted over. Overall it looked like a cheap motel on a freeway anywhere in America- but bigger (4 or 5 floors). Still, all she wanted was a clean, servicable room for a few nights in town and we didn't expect the Ritz Carlton anyway .It was when we opened the door of the room that my heart sank. The room absolutely stank of disinfectant and odd smells- I mean it was overpowering! Unusable! No kidding! There was a dirty towel thrown in the bathtub, and a dirty comforter on the bed. The carpet was worn, the walls were painted concrete, and the baseboard heater cover was falling off. It was a truly depressing room to begin with, and the smell made it just not possible to stay there.I called the desk and explained the problem without jumping down their throats. They told us they were booked solid, and suggested we open the window. Sorry, nothing more to be done. Quite polite and absolutely unhelpful. Since it was booked through ----, we called them and explained the situation. I gotta give them credit, they really jumped through hoops to find her another place to stay. At one point they had three people working on it, and eventually found her another place nearby. They even ate the 'cancelation fee' (a one-night charge) this place refused to waive.So there we are- maybe we just got a bad room, but I doubt it. This place claims to have been renovated on 2003 but it certainly doesn't look like it. I didn't expect much, but I expected much better than this. Consider this review fair warning- and absolutely honest and aboveboard, I would much rather not have taken the time to write this!	
Jun 15 2006	Would stay there again	Heritage Marina Hotel is in a safe neighborhood and within walking distance to several places (ie: Fishermans Wharf &amp; Chinatown). Our room was clean &amp; the bed was very comfortable. We had a view of the Golden Gate Bridge from our small balcony. The continetal breakfast had bagels, cereal, danishes, muffins, milk, juice &amp; coffee; just what you need to get you going in the morning. The price is very reasonable.	
Jun 11 2006	No Complaints	We booked this room thru the internet based on a few key factors. One:Location.This hotel is in a fairly central location at the good end of town. Two: Price. It was booked because it was very reasonably priced &amp; had all the things that we required.Three: Requirement. Our requirements were fairly straight forward. We needed room for two adults&amp; two kids,we needed a fairly central location &amp; we wanted a pool &amp; breakfast included.This place has it all. It is an older styed hotel, with older fittings &amp; bathrooms - BUT it was clean,fresh smelling, no mould in the bathroom or anything nasty etc. &amp; the staff were more than happy to offer their assistance or to help you out. Basically you get what you pay for &amp; this place is exactly that, let's face it, are you there for the accomodation OR to see the beautiful city? Would happily stay there again. We wanted something on our budget &amp; the Heritage Marina was it. P.S. I read the other reviews on trip advisor &amp; decided that we would book anyway, about 90% of reviews were negative. I'm glad I decided to take a punt &amp; stay there, you can't expect champagne on a beer budget..THANKS Trip Advisor &amp; Heritage Marina.	
May 31 2006	Beat my expectation for the price.	This is definitely a place where you will find about nothing special but a resting place that is in the center of almost everything. The basic Facts: Pros: Ghirardelli Square and the beach is about five blocks away, Dowtown/Unionsquare/Chinatown is about a 10 minute bus or cable car ride, Hyde Street cable car is two blocks away, Fisherman's Wharf is about a ten minute ride. Free first-come first-served parking with comp-ed breakfast and a small outdoor pool. Finally - CHEAP!Cons: Rooms are old with dirty carpets and draps; however, maid service provides fresh towels everyday. Internet is almost non-existent in your room, and if you use the internet in the lobby it will cost you about $2 depending how long of use.Overall, I give this place a &quot;better than expectred&quot; due to the location and the weighting between pros and cons. This is more a motel than a hotel, but for the price and convenience - I would stay again.	
May 31 2006	Good for the budget could use some updating	After reading many reviews on this hotel we were hesitant to stay here but decided thearea is where we wanted to be and the price was right. The brochures describe thehotel as updated and show some nice room pictures, unfortunately they all don't looklike the picture shows. This older hotel definately needs more freshening up.We complained of the 1st room they showed, in need of updates. The 2nd room wasok but it faced busy Van Ness Ave, too noisy. We were shown a 3rd room on the 5thfloor facing towards the pool and we had fabulous views, a much better room we decidedto stay. The rooms facing in towards the pool seem much nicer. Avoid the very back of thehotel facing private residences, rooms are not as nice and need major updates.The room we had on the 5th floor was much nicer, beds were comfortable, full bath/shower, fridge and microwave. Fridge was nice to have we were there for 5 nights.Area is great, 15-20min walk to Fisherman's Wharf, transportation close by, get a Munitransit pass, they are well worth the money, we travelled all over the city. Take a walkone block up to Polk St, many restaurants, shops, very trendy area with the youngercrowd. You can walk to many nice areas or hop on the bus in front of the hotel.They have a good continental breakfast: cereal, toast, bagels,friut, danishes, etc. A nicepool area, was noisy in the evening but quieted down quickly after 10:30pm. After our5 day stay we decided the hotel wasn't as bad as others have complained, yes it hasit's faults but what other hotel doesn't and I would rather spend half the money on ahotel and spend the rest enjoying this fabulous city with it's friendly people. We hardly spent any time at the hotel during the day but found it comfortable for a good nights sleep, this place is no Ritz Carlton, so stay elsewhere if you expect better!	
May 30 2006	Be Ware	The hotel had beautiful picutres on hotels.com and we booked based on this information - the hotel was very dirty, the tub was stopped up with dirty water, the location was noisy and the overall hotel was very dirty and unacceptable to stay in even for one night.	
May 26 2006	Clean and Tidy	The reviews supplied by some people are not very fair. Perhaps they have an unreasonable expectation of what they can get for their money nowadays.Okay the room I shared with my wife had a cabinet door requiring 4 hinges but it only had 2 so was only just hanging on and the carpets were dated but who cares as it is only a place to sleep essentially, and it was clean and tidy.I could see the Golden Gate Bridge from the window which was a wonderful surprise. My cousin and her husband who travelled from Scotland, had a view of the pool. The pool although small was nice enough and at least sheltered when the wind picked up. Best of all though was the continental breakfast that is part of the price. It was truly wonderful. I expected a cup of tea or coffee with some toast but in addition there were bagels, cereals, muffins, fruit etc.The staff were helpful to our party and others I saw in the lobby.It is certainly within walking distance to Fishermans Wharf etc. Anyone who states otherwise must use their car to travel everywhere.The Heritage Marina has the potential to be an above averge hotel but would require some maintenance to do so.At the end of the day if you expect to stay at a rather tired, clean hotel in a good location with a great breakfast to start off your day, you won't be disappointed.	
May 24 2006	Needs Help!	We arrived and the Hotel staff was so-so but when we got to our room it was a shock. It just gets worse and worse. You walk in and the hotel lobby is all right but as you move closer to your room it gets bad. Our shower was moldy and to showerhead was not high enough so Ii had to bend over quite a bit. (I am 6 feet). I had some friends that were staying in another room and they had problems with their toliet. The beds were ok but I have slept in better. One thing that was excellent about the hotel is that it is very close to public transportation. Also within walking distance of Lombard Street if you dont mind climbing the hill. (Walk is not bad) Overall if you want a cheap place in SF and you dont mind that much this is the place for you, but I am never staying again.	
May 23 2006	A hostel calling itself a hotel	The best way to describe this hotel is a hostel in need of repair. If you are lucky, you’ll get a room that overlooks the car park and a woman sorting out rubbish. The hotel is so poorly constructed that you can hear all the people that are staying around, above and below you. We left after one sleepless night. On a positive note – it’s not too far from Fisherman’s Wharf and TV reception is good.	
May 9 2006	Good 	We stayed here because we could afford it. The hotle staff was not the friendliest but the location was awesome. One quick bus ride and we were at a Whole Foods. The hotel gave a us fridge free for our room and other than sharing a balcony type thing with smokey neighbors (who quieted when requested) it was a fine place to stay. Safe (we have kids) and from our room we had a peekaboo view of teh Golden Gate. Now I would not pay $100 a night for this place but I would pay less for this place.	
Mar 16 2006	Not great but certainly not bad	Upon booking a room with this hotel, I read the reviews on TripAdvisor. Certainly the negative reviews had me concerned. However, the great deal I got through the internet, it was certainly worth a try.Expecting the worst, my wife and entered our room. Freshly painted, with new carpet, and king size bed, we were mildly impressed. Yes, there are cosmetic flaws here in there. The electric radiant heater was a bit worn, the window jimmied a bit. There was a cigarette stain on the toilet seat, and the shower door was slightly awkward opening and closing.But the room was reasonably spacious, and view of the golden gate bridge was unparrelled. The continental breakfast featured a good variety of food and beverage. There was ample FREE parking, no small feat in San Francisco.Located in a good part of town, and within a reasonable walking distance of things, I had to say this hotel, which is older and showing its age, really over delivered on our expectations.The Ritz it isn't. But a good value for the buck. This is a fine place to stay, with few complaints.	
Jan 23 2006	Not a hotel but a decent run-down motel	For anyone expecting a nicer, classy hotel, this is definitely not the place for you. The rooms are pretty run down and somewhat clean. On the plus side, parking at the hotel was free and safe, the free continental breakfast was a nice feature, and the location wasn't bad although the advertised short walk to Fisherman's Wharf isn't exactly accurate...it is really about a 15 minute walk. The motel seems to be in a safe area. Nothing much right around the hotel but it is five blocks or so from the shops and restaurants in the Cow Hollow area and the Van Ness bus stop is right in front of the hotel. We walked around at various times of day and night and never felt uncomfortable. Overall, I would suggest this motel for people who don't plan on spending time here except for sleeping. The double room is pretty small and the bathroom was in serious need of an upgrade (toilet flushed very slowly and seat was old and scuffed up...also shower never got very hot and shower door didn't fully close). Conclusion: Kind of dumpy motel but not bad for the price so long as you don't expect too much.	
Jan 20 2006	u get what u pay for	i made a reservation 3 weeks ahead of time through expedia, i called twice to make sure everything had gone well with my reservation, and they assured me it was all taken care of. needless to say when we got there they didn't have our room!!! we had no place to stay... so they sent us to an even cheaper motel!!! in the middle of the tenderloin(ghetto) the reservation was for 2 nights so they had us come back when we did the room was no more than what u'd expect for the price... of front desk agents only one lady was helpfull, the guy working with her was very rude, and on the night of arrival the girl working the desk was very poorly trained she kept saying, &quot;i don't know&quot; to all of my questions as to why i didn't have a room.. the Manager at the end of my stay tried to make it ok by saying that next time he would get me a deal with the rate.... (there won't be a next time)	
Jan 5 2006	Do not go there PLEASE!	It is my 3rd trip to the United States and it is the worst motel than I ever had. If you do not want ratter your stay in SF not to go there not! The hotel is dirty (waste gone down by the elevator and this last step to wash), of the inscriptions on the walls, the heating which does not function, the windows which date and which lets pass the air. Do not go there PLEASE!	
Nov 21 2005	Good location for price	I was travelling by myself and on a budget so the hotel fit what I needed. It was close (walking distance) to Fisherman's Wharf. I felt safe in the area. The room was spacious. The drain in the shower was clogged and repeated requests finally brought a handyman to my room - however he did not speak English and the drain was never fixed. They never changed the sheets although they did change the garbage. The air conditioner did not work. Because of the open walkways there is a lot of outside noise. The breakfast is free - and good if you just want a quick something to eat. If you're not going for luxury the hotel serves it purpose - a place to crash after a long day of sight-seeing. (Warning: I did hear the front desk telling someone over the phone they do not have a room for them although they had reserved one)	
Oct 22 2005	Good Value for the price	After booking the hotel we read some of the reviews, so we were a little aprehensive of staying, but decided to give it a try. Our room was large, beautifully decorated and clean - maybe just our good luck - I don't know. The continental breakfast was good and plentiful. Parking was no problem. It was within walking distance to the bay and fisherman's wharf.Some staff were friendly, some were not. I would stay there again and would recommend to others especially if you are just in San Fransico to see the sights. Good value for SF for what we paid.	
Oct 3 2005	A fine hotel	Recently we made a trip through the state of California. At forehand I made reservations for all the hotels we wanted to stay in. After having made the reservation for this hotel, I read the comments on this site. My expectation were very low. But we had a very good experience. The room was newly decorated, there was lots of parking space. The breakfastbuffet was soso, but that's not unusual in the States. Our television was out of order, and the curtains didnot close, but after given notice of those &quot;complaints&quot; they were taken care of. We definitely want to go back to San Francisco, and we donot have any reason to stay in another hotel then.	
Sep 10 2005	Pro-Hotel Location / Con-Room Quality	Good thing first, location is the best thing of this hotel where most of the money paid goes; walk able access to some of the important places in SFO.For the other side, the quality of the room was below to my satisfaction - insufficient lighting, undone wiring and unclean quilt; overall room looked 'old' and seems maintained occasionally.	
Sep 1 2005	Hated it	Although our room was prepaid, there was no room available when we arrived at about 11 PM. The hotel had booked our room twice! We therefore were sent to another hotel which was eeven shoddier than the Marina Heritage!	
Aug 11 2005	Good place to stay	The hotel was probably built quite some years ago, but we found the place to be more than enough and clean. We had a reservation for two days, and we were late coming in from Northern California. We were surprised that they still held the room for us. Our only complaint was that the parking garage was full and a bit difficult to navigate into, but again, that is a common happenstance in San Francisco so one cannot really complain. The hotel has a central courtyard with a swimming pool in the centre. On the first floor, they have a bar and a restaurant, so that probably accounts for the &quot;partying&quot; noises. It didn't really bother us, as it was to be expected in a loud location being that close to downtown.We were able to walk to all the places from this hotel: Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf, North Beach, etc... There is also a bus stop in front of the hotel, so we were able to easily go to Japantown with the bus, only 5 to 10 minutes away with bus. We would come back to this place again if we were looking for an economic place to stay.	
Aug 11 2005	Stay somewhere else	The next time I will spend a few extra dollars and stay somewhere else. We, a family of four, had a very unpleasant experience though we were hardly ever in the room. We booked a room with two queens and received a room with two doubles, the towel rack was broken, the window was broken and had to be closed from outside the room, the lamp shade was broken. There were stains on the bed spread. Our attempts to have these problems addressed by the front desk were ignored and in fact, we were treated rudely. In our section of the hotel, whenever we or an adjoining room would turn on the shower, a terribly loud noise would emanate from the pipes waking every one in the room and the adjoining rooms.The hotel is in a great location, the breakfast and first come first serve free parking was a nice bonus, but not enough to overcome the unpleasant experience of the room in very poor shape and the inattentiveness and rudeness of the staff. Spend the a few extra dollars and enjoy yourself somewhere else.	
Jul 9 2005	Cheap and adequate	The rooms are small, but neat and clean. This is an older but reasonably priced stay. Well within close distance to most all area attractions. Although the pool was to close at 10:00 p.m. there were children being extremely loud until midnight. One night a couple were &quot;making love&quot; in the pool in the early hours and management was no where around. This place works if you want some place to just sleep and do the &quot;tourist&quot; thing, but it was very noisy!!	
Jun 25 2005 	Unfriendly and Dirty	This hotel may be a good deal, but the place is dirty and the staff is rude. In addition, two members of our group had their rooms broken into (no forced entry, the police suspected a card key was used - possibly an employee) and lost clothing and other personal items. The hotel management was completely unconcerned and unresponsive to this event. We will never stay here again.	
Jun 23 2005	Reasonable budget hotel with a few annoyances	We stayed for 3 nights. The room was clean and spacious and reasonably well-equipped. So it was a reasonable place to spend the night, which is all we really needed. We did have a few problems however- when we arrived the shower was not working, which was annoying after a 12 hour flight from NZ as we were hanging out for a shower. We also had a broken latch on a window that we asked to be fixed but that never was. The staff seemed to lack knowledge of the area- we asked several staff about where to get a bus pass and they directed us to several different places but never the right place. Location is pretty good though, a very short but steep walk up to get on the trams which take you to the centre of town and Fisherman's Wharf and there are 2 bus routes right outside. The breakfast was free, but we would have been disappointed if we had paid for it. A reasonable range, but if you want healthy food you will struggle- they had danish, 2 cereals that were full of sugar, bagels with butter and grape jelly. The final annoyance was being woken by drunk guests shouting at 2am. This was not the hotel's fault, but they did not appear to do anything about it.	
Jun 19 2005	If you came to San Francisco to stay in your room...	....well, I dont travel to the City to stay in my hotel room. I found the Heritage to be a nice room with clean sheets. I lived in San francisco for many years and found it laughable to see postings complaining about air conditioning!! I dont believe that person has ever been to the City in the Summer. Mark Twain once said, &quot;The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco..&quot; and Mr Clemens had a point. The parking was adequate if a little tight and there may be less spaces than rooms but we never had much of a problem. Warning: If you are driving a larger vehicle the manuevers in and out of the parking area may require some ground guides to lend a hand. The pool area was family oriented and not really my cup of tea but if I wanted a quick dip it looked clean and well maintained. I dont know about the bar or the resturant as I was staying in a neighborhood that if not famous for it's food is a least well known by the locals for great eats. Walk 1 block up the hill to Polk street, make a right and there are at least 7 or 8 great resturants including one of the Best Thai Houses in the City....and this is a neighborhood that people live in and do their laundry and pick up their dry cleaning and walk their dogs...so sit at the cafe and enjoy. As I said before...the location is perfect for so many things and the area is VERY safe. If you are there to stay in your room then forget it...stay at the Hilton but if you are in San Francisco to see the City...you are in the right place.	
Jun 17 2005	Lovely Budget Hotel - Nice Location	We stayed 3 nights in San Francisco in May and enjoyed our stop in Heritage Marina Hotel. It is what it is though, a cheap budget hotel but with some nice touches. We stayed in the top floor and the rooms were small but good enough. After walking out of the room overlooking the swimming pool courtyard we took our first ever glimpse of the Golden Gate Bridge. That was really great and pursuaded me to stay out there with a bottle of Millers to take it all in. The bar is a little dark however but I couldn't think of anything better to do at midnight than sit outside the bar overlooking part of the city and thinking about the fantastic day I experienced. The location is nice too and takes about 15mins to get to Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39. One warning though... if you want to see Lombards Street which is only 3 blocks away it was VERY steep. A normal 2 minute walk took us over 10 and was very tiring. But when you're in the city, it's better to do everything. Overral a decent budget stay.	
Apr 9 2005	bargain!!!	excellent hotel for the price range making this hotel excellent value. true the bar area was a bit rough but the hotel location and staff were way above average for the hotel rating. there are worse hotels in the same area that are not as cheap, overall good hotel in good location at a great price.....it is just a bed.	
Nov 17 2004	Good budget hotel with an ideal location	Trip date 9 - 13th November 2004If you are looking for a good standard budget hotel the this one is for you. It isn't the Ritz but then it doesn't try to be. What you get is clean and tidy accomodation and the complimentry continental breakfast was plentiful and a pleasant surprise. The room was a reasonable size and well furnished, although the bathroom was looking a litte tired it was very clean.We found the property to be ideally located, only a 20 minute walk to Fishermans Wharf and only 10 minutes to Lombard St or Ghirardelli Square. Bus stops are very close for trips to Downtown, Fishermans Wharf or Golden Gate Bridge.Overall this was a good base to explore a great city and we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 8 2004	Decent room for the price.	For a 2 to 3 star hotel the Heritage Marina is just fine. My husband, son and I stayed there for a night and found it to be clean, quite and comfortable. We arrived in the afternoon and had no problem finding a parking spot in the hotels garage. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the neighborhood was fine and it is walking distance from the Warf, cable cars etc.. It wasn't a luxary Inn but doesn't advertise to be one, just a low cost convenient hotel. We would stay there again.	
Nov 1 2004	Run Away Run Away!!!		
Jul 8 2004	The best deal for the price!!		
Jul 6 2004	No Airconditiong 		
Jun 30 2004	good price nice room		
Jun 25 2004	Keep Looking.		
Jun 23 2004	Hotel or Flophouse?		
Jun 14 2004	Stay as far away as possible		
May 7 2004	What a dump!		
Oct 28 2003	nice pool		
Jan 16 2003	a great place a wonderful city		
Nov 8 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
Nov 1 2009 	mendigo hotel sarnoso y chinchotel		
Oct 5 2009 	verkommender Jugendherbergcharme unterster Kategorie		
Sep 22 2009 	Dringend renovierungsbedürftige Zimmer		
Aug 31 2009 	Non andateci!		
Aug 29 2009 	N'y allez pas !		
Aug 26 2009 	El peor hotel en el que he estado en mi vida.		
Aug 24 2009 	Horrible		
Aug 22 2009 	terribile!!!!		
Jul 23 2009 	ACHTUNG! BETTFLÖHE! DRECKIG! EKLIG!		
Jul 19 2009 	Che delusione		
Jun 11 2009 	Ci è andata bene...		
Feb 6 2009 	un hotel de passe		
Nov 17 2008 	No vayan a este hotel!!! - no vayan a este hotel!!!		
Sep 22 2008 	Huir: un lugar repugnante y un staff negligente		
Sep 16 2008 	L horreur		
Sep 9 2008 	fa schifo		
Aug 10 2008	Très mauvaise prestations très sale		
Jul 15 2008	Horrorhotel --> Urlaub in der Geisterbahn		
Oct 21 2006	Beste Lage		
