	A wonderful hotel! Beautifully designed comfortable well-groomed helpful staff	We so thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Hotel Drisco. Situated in Pacific Heights, this hidden jewel sits among many Heritage buildings/homes - well worth a stroll to see the stunning architecture. The rooms have been re-designed and updated in keeping with the age and character of the building. A complimentary breakfast is served each morning, as well there is a sitting room where you can enjoy reading a book/newspaper and tea &amp; coffee is served all day. The hotel is quiet, comfortable and the staff are kind and helpful. I am looking forward to my next trip to San Francisco - The Hotel Drisco will be my hotel of choice.	
Nov 21 2009 	Excellent Choice	Located high atop Pacific Heights, Hotel Drisco is an excellent choice for SF lodging. The views, neighborhood and local architecture are spectacular. Our room was very well appointed. We enjoyed an upscale &quot;happy hour&quot; in the late afternoon complete with fine red wine and soft brie cheese and then a delicious breakfast the next morning. The hotel staff was exceedingly helpful. On street parking was easily accomplished a block away.	
Nov 17 2009 	Lovely hotel charming warm and friendly.	My husband and I travelled with friends for the weekend to SF. We had tickets for the Playing for Change concert at the Palace of Fine Arts; it's one reason we chose the Driso; it's within walking distance from the Palace. It was a lovely downhill walk through a very elegant neighborhood. Obviously, the walk back was uphill! The views are beautiful. The hotel staff is genuinely friendly and helpful. The dining room is charming; the breakfast consists of a variety of choices; really something for everyone. Thank you Bob for all your great getting around hints. We had a lovely time. Will definitely return.	
Nov 14 2009 	Our favorite discovery of 2009	This quiet, neighborhood hotel offers new ways to experience one of the great cities in the world. For our two-day stay, everything was just right. Most of all, we appreciated the thoughtfulness and the kindness of the folks who work there. From first to last, they made us feel so welcome. One note: The views in all directions are gorgeous, but if you like to walk - as we do - you will discover that the way back to the Drisco is uphill.	
Nov 13 2009 	The only place I want to stay in San Francisco	I have stayed at the Hotel Drisco many times. It is like being in the guest room of a very well run home. The breakfast is complete with many offerings and the dining space bright and cheerful. The hotel is situated at the peak of Pacific Heights and the views are beautiful. There are many wonderful neighberhood restaurants nearby. And one of the very best perks is the ability to park your car right by the hotel. The staff is courteous, helpful, and polite. The rooms are bright, clean, and quiet and the rooms with the sitting areas are large and can be closed between the bedroom and the sitting area. I can think of no negatives about this hotel.	
Nov 10 2009 	Superb 	The Pacific Suite perfectly fit our needs. The in-room amenities were great. We received fresh fruit daily and cookies in the evening. Breakfast buffet was great; good variety and plenty of food. The food choices were alwasy appealing and fresh.The service was excellent, as well. The staff attended to all of our needs.The staff was very personable!	
Nov 4 2009 	Lovely trip and excellent hotel	We stayed at the end of October and although as many reviewers say this location is not central we found this quite refreshing especially once we mastered the bus routes! The weather was warmer than we expected and the room was quite hot but opening the windows did help and no ac meant the room was very quiet. The breakfast and wine hour was also very welcome and great quality. The service on the desk was second to none and i don't think could be faulted for quality and friendliness. Would not hesitate to stay again and we were not even in a suite.	
Oct 27 2009 	A unique 	I have been to SFO loads of times - but always on business - this trip was as a tourist; I decided to finally stop and see what SF had to offer. Found the Drisco on tripadvisor. If you want glass &amp; steel, center of the action and an expansive lobby with hustle &amp; bussle plus fountains &amp; a noisy bar - don't come here. You want to be comfy like your favorite tweed jacket, subtle elegance and a feeling of days gone past but without the ammentiies being sacrificed - plus the feel of living in a great neighborhood -stay here.Its 100+ years old -but the rooms are well appointed with updated bathrooms, flat screen TV etc. The floors will creak just abit -but thats part of the charm. We had a 3rd floor room with a good view. The hotel offers a nice complimentary breakfast where guests enjoy newspapers and fresh baked goods - the evening wine &amp; cheese reception is also quite good. Guests are quiet, informal &amp; well-healed without being &quot;stuffy' -there were a couple familys with children...all quiet and perfectly behaved. The front desk will do anything to assist - I think if I would have asked for a monkey to be delivered at 5PM -they would have simply asked &quot; would you like it to be Asian or African&quot; - seriously -they'll go out of their way to make reservations - suggest routes, recommend sights/restaurants etc. It was all good. There is no A/C -which I think is an advantage -the nights get cool &amp; what better way to relax than to hear the distant fog horns subtly drift across the bay. The hotel is in a very upscale neighborhood - hilly, but a walk offers great views of the city and waters plus unique architecture. The staff are truly customer focused -housekeeping refuses to come in the elevator with their carts if a guest is waiting for the lift -even though my wife &amp; I said &quot; just come in - there's plently of room&quot; - no go -guests alway first. Try to find that at even a high-end chain. It was relaxing &amp; refined - but I wore nice jeans the whole time and felt right at home - all in all -simply great!	
Oct 27 2009 	Brilliant hotel: excellent ambience and service in a quiet and civilised location	Had a wonderful time in this quaint and civilised hotel. The service is outstanding, everywhere is immaculate and my room was really comfortable and a nice place to be in. Of course you should avoid this if you want an anonymous, large and bustling hotel. Here you have a boutique hotel with an old world charm where the staff recognise you. The breakfast is excellent and there is even a free wine and snack 'happy hour'. It's placed in an elegant neighbourhood and you are 6 short blocks away from the nice restaurants, delis, coffee shops, bars and shops of Greenwich Street.	
Oct 26 2009 	Bent over backwards for us!	Although we've travelled to SF several times this was our first stay at the Drisco. It's an older property, filled with character, and located in a residential neighborhood – Pacific Heights ($10 cab ride to Union Square). Their web site describes the property well, but it is the service that needs to be described. Right from the reservation phone call, to our endless questions, or our many requests for a variety of things (ie. room fans) the staff bent over backwards to accommodate our needs, always looking for ways to make our stay memorable. We try to get to SF every two years or so and from now on we'll stay at the Drisco!	
Oct 23 2009 	Perfect quiet and spotlessly clean!	The Rough Guide to San Francisco says &quot;unless you are wedded to the area there are better hotels for the price Downtown&quot; - I totally disagree - the hotel in situated in the very post Pacific Heights it is extremely quiet and there are lots of places to park your hire car adjacent to the hotel and not have to pay exhorbitant parking fees. It takes about 10 minutes by car and/or cab to reach most of the locations in the city as traffic never appeared to particularly heavy. You can walk down to the waterfront in 10 minutes but the walk back up is at 45 degrees and makes you puff and pant - but that is good for you!Lovely lovely rooms and suites, excellent service on the front desk, very adequate buffet breakfast - lovely touches like lots of DVD's to watch and we had two TV's in our room.We spent the first night in the Petite Auberge and the noise levels inside and outside the hotel after a 24 hour transit meant we could not sleep - and the area itself was very rough. We were delighted with our stay we could back if we were in the area - be prepared though they do get very booked up.	
Oct 22 2009 	Can't wait to return!	Hotel Drisco was exactly what we were looking for in terms of a quiet long weekend away to celebrate our anniversary. The staff could not have been friendlier or more knowledgable, the breakfasts were delicious and the small touches like turndown, towncar service and wine/cheese made our vacation so relaxing. The hotel is in an a beautiful area with lots of shops and restaurants very close by. Its not the hub-bub of union square, which is exaclty why staying here was so relaxing. We can't wait to return and highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	Relaxing great Location want to go back	After a long haul flight we were greeted by the friendly but unobtrusive staff at the Hotel Drisco. Our flight was early and we arrived before our check in time but our room was ready. We felt instantly relaxed and comfortable in our room. The room was really great, especially the comfortable bed, large bathroom, and other nice touches as the turndown service and cookies at night. There was also a really good TV and mini bar which was reasonably priced. The breakfast in the morning was superb. Enough to keep you going when out and about in San Francisco! We specifically chose the Drisco as having been to San Francisco a few times we knew this area was nice. If you want to stay in a good neighbourhood with really good restaurants and bars this is the place to stay. We just wish it was not so far away and we could go there for long weekends!	
Oct 19 2009 	A pleasant stay in a pleasant location...	The Hotel Drisco is everything you've already read about: it's located in a gorgeous neighborhood, it boasts excellent personalized service, and the facilities are exactly as advertised.We stayed here as we typically like to stay in places that are closer to the local flavour and the Drisco met that requirement for us. The service was very good and the front desk folks were always able to provide personalized information and advice on what we were looking for. The hotel itself is very nice with an excellent continental breakfast available every morning.The room we stayed in was on the first level just up the steps from the front desk. It was nicely appointed although a little small. No matter as we spent the majority of our time walking around and only returned to the hotel to catch up on sleep before the next day started.Overall we were very satisfied with our stay and would certainly stay here again on any subsequent trips.	
Oct 8 2009	A real gem of a place!	I have just stayed in this hotel for 4 nights with my two daughters. The service was first class - wonderful breakfast - wine, cheese and hot appetisers each evening, limo service every morning into Union Square - all these complementary! The hotel has class, elegance and extremely comfortable accommodation. The staff give 110% service and lots of tips on restaurants, places to go etc, etc. Bob and Elizabeth were marvellous - a big thank you to them. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Charming spacious and awesome staff!	We stayed at Hotel Drisco for one night on my husband's 55th birthday. I'd made the reservations far in advance and worked with Marti, the property's wonderful concierge, to make everything perfect - and it was! She arranged for a town car to pick us up at SFO, early check-in, a delicious birthday cake and champagne (complete with flutes, china, silverware and cloth napkins), and had a rental car waiting for us the following morning for the next leg of our journey - Calistoga.Hotel Drisco is a classic beauty that - as others have stated - has the unique feel of a large bed and breakfast. The lovely sitting area adjacent to the lobby was stocked nicely with teas and coffee that we enjoyed while the bellman took our bags to our room. The room was absolutely beautiful, bright and cheery and SO comfortable! The bathroom was huge and included the nicest ammenities, plus a magnifying mirror - very much appreciated!Every stay includes a &quot;continental&quot; breakfast, but it really was much more than that and included home-cooked oatmeal, hard boiled eggs and meats and cheeses in addition to the traditional bagels, danish, cold cereals, juices, coffees and teas. Yummy!We enjoyed a short walk to the Muni bus line, which we took downtown. Wandered around all afternoon and enjoyed a delicious lunch at David's Deli before catching the underground Muni to AT&amp;T Park for a Giants' game - hubby's birthday wish. Unfortunately the Giants lost, but what a great ballpark! Beautiful, old-fashioned architecture.Wrapped up the evening with a cable car ride to the end of the line and fabulous Irish Coffees at the Buena Vista Irish Pub. Took a taxicab back to Hotel Drisco and slept like babies!A wonderful stay... We'll be back!	
Oct 6 2009 	Warm and Friendly	Our welcome to Hotel Drisco was warm and friendly. The atmosphere was made even better by the helpful and timely way we were checked in, shown to our room, and informed of all the amenities the hotel offers. In addition, the desk manager supplied me with a copy of the New York Times Sunday Crossword puzzle! Hotel Drisco is situated in a lovely area of San Francisco, where walking around is a delight. It is close to good restaurants and quiet at night. We will certainly return on our next visit.Nancy, Virginia	
Oct 5 2009 	Noisy stuffy room sleepless night	I was looking forward to staying at Hotel Drisco while in SF on business. It does seem odd that there are so many rave reviews and so many negative reviews. Unfortunately, my experience there fell into the negative review camp.I stayed in room 302. This room faces a light well, the view being into windows of other rooms and and adjacent apartment building. There is no ventilation in this room and it is thus airless and stuffy. The only way to get air is to open the windows. In doing so, you are now subject to non-stop noise from other rooms, i.e. cell phones ringing/being answered at all hours, sexual relations, conversations, baby crying, toilets flushing, TV, etc. The roller shade on the window was non-functional so light coming into the room was an issue all night. Air quality - around 4 a.m. fetid odors of burning food filled the room and were still present when I checked out at 9 a.m. All of this made for a miserable night and a less than refreshed sense of being for the work day ahead. I am reading a lot of &quot;you should have told us&quot; from the management responses to reviews in this forum. What is it that you could remedy in my list of issues above other than perhaps fix the window shade? When one has retired for the evening, there is no interest in taking on issues that cannot be remedied and should not exist in a quality hotel. I would imagine that if you are in an upper floor suite with and outward facing view, the stay here would be pleasurable. Management needs to come clean on the reality of their rooms, i.e. rooms facing a light well, no attached bath, etc. in their online descriptions and let the customer decide if these limitations are worth the price. In my opinion, they are not and as I would not put up with this again, I cannot recommend this hotel to others.The responses I am reading in this forum from Hotel Drisco management are somewhat troubling. While trying to appear customer service oriented, there is a lot of glossing over of the real issues (as listed above and from others) with a not so thinly veiled blame the customer attitude.	
Oct 3 2009 	Classy	We arrived at the Drisco, late in the evening after a long drive, just as the weather turned sour - however as soon as we got inside our mood improved. The hotel is very elegant and the staff are very friendly and helpful.We had a suite with a city view - so the room was very spacious, very nicely decorated and we could see over much of the North of the city.At check-in, Bob provided with us with lots of useful info regarding the bus services in the area as well as the amenities the hotel offered. He was also a font of knowledge for local restaurants as we decided to get takeway on our first night because of the weather!The breakfast was excellent - great coffee, bagels, bread, yogurts, pastries, fruit juices and cold meats and cheeses. There was also a wine reception each evening, though we never managed to be around at the right time.The hotel is in an upmarket residential area, so it's a short walk to bus routes or local bars/restaurants. Parking on nearby streets is free at the weekend, but the staff volunteered to move our car regularly to avoid tickets during the week - a real fringe benefit.Overall, the Drisco is a very nice hotel, perfect for a relaxing break.	
Sep 28 2009 	The Drisco is the only place we'll stay in San Francisco	In all our hotel stays, which include parts of Europe, Canada and throughout the U.S., we've never felt more welcome and well-treated than we did at the Drisco. It helped make our first trip to San Francisco unforgettable. The location, in the heart of the majestic Pacific Heights neighborhood (where homes are valued in the tens of millions), is away from the touristy wharf area but centralized enough to make getting around on public transit very easy. But for all its charm and many amenities -- free breakfast and evening wine hour among them -- its greatest asset is its staff. Everyone, from the desk people and bellman to maid staff, treated us middle-class travelers who happened to find a bargain at the Drisco like royalty. Everyone was like a concierge, cheerily offering daily travel and eatery tips and insider suggestions that made our visit so adventuresome and wonderful. When the maids greeted you, it was easy to tell they were genuinely glad you were staying there. Particular treasures on the staff during our stay were Elizabeth at the front desk and Julio, a refined, soft-spoken gentleman of retirement age who poured wine in the evening and dispensed wisdom on topics ranging from where locals eat to what it takes to be a loving parent and human being.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great place - highly recommend	We stayed at the Hotel Drisco for two nights in September. The location is fantastic in Pacific Heights. The staff were very attentive and helpful - a special thank you to Marti and Bob for helping us with everything from maps, taxis and a car service pick-up to the airport. We'd come back from an evening out and tell them all about our experience. They really made us feel at home!The room was nice, but a little noisy. I think that is because our room wall was against the staircase so we would hear people using the stairs. That's the only reason I wouldn't give this hotel 5 stars. I think if we stayed in an outer room we wouldn't have had the noise issue. But it is an older hotel so I guess you have to expect that. Service was great. Location was great. We'd stay here again and would recommend.	
Sep 25 2009 	A Wee Gem	I would not hesitate to recommend the Drisco Hotel to anyone who was going to visit San Francisco. From the moment we stepped out of the taxi we felt welcomed. The conceirge was there to greet us with a smile and assist us with our luggage and he was so informative and helpful. At the reception, again the staff displayed an extremely professional and dignified manner.The room was tastefully decorated and the bed and was extremely comfortable and the bedding was an extremely high standard. There was a turn down service and lovely high quality chocolate cookie to enjoy.Coffee, tea and iced water and afternoon cookies were freely available in the lounge. You could also take these to your room to enjoy if you preferred.There was also wine, nibbles, cheese and biscuits and some hot snacks available free, for 1 hour each evening. This was served to you in a most friendly manner and it was a nice opportunity to gain some local knowledge from the staff (particularly Julio) and also speak to other guests if you wished. The breakfast was also delicious and something for everyone. I particularly enjoyed the hot porridge oats.To sum up this hotel: It is so obvious that the staff all enjoy what they do and are totally committed to providing a high quality service to the guests. It is an extremely tastfully decorated hotel and the cleanliness is an excellent standard. Pacific Heights is a lovely location in SF and it allowed us to explore the Filmore Street area, which we may not have done if we had stayed eg Union Square. Filmore St is definately a nice place to eat and shop.All in all an absolute wee gem of a hotel and if I ever go back to SF it will be to the Drisco Hotel - FOR SURE!!!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Fabulous boutique hotel!	My husband and I stayed here on the last three nights of our two week trip to California, and it lived up to its reputation. The staff were always friendly and helpful - very helpful. They had great recommendations for local restaurants and things to do. If there was a question they couldn't answer, they would find someone who could answer the question. Our room, which was on the small side, was nevertheless everything we needed. It was very clean, and there was efficient use of the space. The complimentary breakfast was a great way to start the day, with cereal, fruit, toast, boiled eggs, croissants and the usual juice, coffee, tea. They had a complimentary town car service that would drop you to either Union Square or the Financial District in the morning. We found this very convenient. We got multi day muni passes, which were very economical and very well used. We would definitely recommend getting these, which you can purchase at the front desk of the hotel. We actually loved that this hotel was not in the usual, touristy areas. Not only does it get you away from the hustle and bustle of those spots, but it also allows you to see a part of the city that you may not normally see. Also, the town car service in the morning and the MUNI service will effectively get you to and from the hotel when needed. There are lots of great restaurants within the area, all of which seem to be much more local and much less touristy - which we liked. The hotel does not have a parking lot, but there is lots of parking on the streets around the hotel. During the week there is a three hour limit on parking, but we just left our keys with the front desk in the morning and they took care of making sure our car was moved when it needed to be so that we didn't get a ticket. How great is that!! There is a reason why this is one of the best hotels in San Fran - it is a really fabulous place to stay.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nothing more to say - great choice	As per the other reviews - this place will hit the spot if you want a quiet relaxing hotel with friendly staff.Its a small hotel, more of a boutique B&amp;B with limited room service and facilities. However, they provide all day coffee in the lounge and have a great continental breakfast.The staff are all very helpful and will provide you with tour maps or restaurant choices. The location is great if you like peace and quiet after a days sightseeing - Pacific Heights is full of $10m homes! A taxi to/from the city centre will cost $12 approx.Rooms are large, well appointed and very clean. They change towels twice a day so you can shower/bath after a day out.TV, radio and dvd in room.We ate well at:Jacksons fillmore (italian)	
Sep 15 2009 	Drisco Magic	Returning after three years to this lovely hotel, we weren't disappointed. Again we had a very pleasant stay. The staff was as welcoming and caring as during our first visit. Breakfast was abundant. We enjoyed our morning newspapers and our daily workouts in the little Drisco gym. But the biggest surprise was - that upon request - we received our favourite room. All this, combined with it's charming location in one of the most attractive cities of the world, makes the Drisco a true gem. And so, once again, we will most certainly return. Dear Drisco staff: we are in love.	
Sep 10 2009 	Charming Hotel Clean with lots of character	We really enjoyed our stay at the Drisco. We arrived in the middle of the night and were greeted warmly by the receptionist who actually walked us up to our room. The rooms are amazing with great views. The hotel has a very European feeling with a shared bathroom and beautifully appointed rooms. We had a fantastic heavy down comforter on the bed and really lovely linens. Robes and slippers were provided for traveling across the hall to the bathroom. This hotel is not to be missed. Truly comfortable and beautiful in a fantastic neighborhood.	
Sep 10 2009 	Lovely hotel great staff.	We stayed here for 4 days when we arrived for a 3 week trip to california. Our room was on the same level as reception and we had a view over the city. We knew it was located in Pacific Heights and not near Downtown but it is a beautiful neighbourhood with amazing views over the bay, golden gate bridge and Presidio within just a short walk. The staff were fantastic - couldn't have been more helpful - they gave us good recommendations for restaurants and were able to give us clear directions and a map of bus routes (which made getting around town very easy), they were also extremely pleasant and welcoming. The wine and cheese in the evening is a lovely treat after a day on the go! Our room was very clean and the bathroom was excellent. We stayed one more night later in the holiday and were given a room on the dining room level - admittedly this room wasn't just a nice as the first one we'd had but it was just for a night and we were fine with that. Thank you Hotel Drisco - it was an absolute pleasure staying with you! If we're back in SF some time we'll be back to stay with you!	
Sep 9 2009 	I REALLY enjoyed my stay at this hotel	Ive been traveling a lot and stayed in many different hotels since my job is a flight attendent and I can tell this hotel was definitely one of my favorite hotels!I traveled with husband and our 6months old daughter. Room was very clean and especially the bathroom was. We got a room with kingsize bed and a little crib for our daughter(I think it would be better if you could bring your own crib sheet and bumper since they just cover the crib mattress with normal adult mattress sheet). We stayed there for 4 nights.First day we decided to take the free ride hotel was providing and walk back to the hotel from downtown. That was little too much for us because the hotel is on high hill and we had to carry baby stuff and the baby. But if we were traveling by ourselves, we wouldve enjoyed walking even though we are not the best walkers. The neighborhood is really peaceful, nice, and well taken care.Service was really great. We didn't have much time to plan about our tirp before we went there, but the first day we got there, the staff showed our room explained about the city and recommended places to go and that helped out a lot. Very small details about their service impressed us.Paking around the hotel wasn't hard at all and we didn't pay anything for parking(compare to the hotels in downtowny that you need to pay about $40-50 for parking per day, it wonderful). Free internet access was pleasant as well. Iron board, iron that they had in the roon were clean, too(it doesnt happen with every hotel in my experience). Also complementary continental breakfast was really wonderful. Fresh baked bread was prepared everymorning and great staff delivers you freshly brewed latte or cappucinno. Usually I don't expect much with complementary breakfast(especially when it's continental) but it nicely filled us up every morning. We enjoyed good price room service sandwiches very much as well.I really think it was great choice and would go back to this one when we go back to visit San Francisco.	
Sep 7 2009 	The most beautful place to stay in the most beautiful city!	Hotel Drisco, in the community of Pacific Heights, was outstanding in everyway. The neighbor setting, the houses, the quietness, everything was perfect. The room was outstanding - we were upgraded to a front room suite which looked towards the S.F. bay. The hotel staff were all courteous, helpful, unpretentious, and friendly. The continental breakfast, in a wonderful little room, was vast and plentiful. The front desk staff was able to make excellent suggestions for dinner, looked at the menus to ensure they could accommodate our tastes and gifted us a dessert at the restaurant (what a great surprise!)...Loved it all and I do not say this very often!!!! Thank you, thank you....	
Sep 2 2009 	Best hotel stay ever!!!	I chose the Hotel Drisco for a birthday getaway for my husband because of the many rave reviews on Tripadvisor. Not only were the positive reviews accurate, we got MORE than we expected. First, the receptionist, I believe her name is Marty, was AWESOME. Super cool, knowledgable about the area (directed us to a great pub for drinks), and just nice. Next, we were happily surprised to have been upgraded to a bigger room--I believe it was a suite (I can't imagine they can do this all the time, but we stayed during the week and before arriving, I made sure to tell them it was my hubbie's 50th). We walked inside the room and there was champagne, chocolate, and birthday card for my husband (not a generic one either--it was like from Papyrus or something, and they wrote a nice note)!!! The room was impeccable, nice attention to detail, super comfy bed, spacious bathroom, nice view of the bay. The area around the hotel is nice, upscale, and quiet; driving there, i didn't imagine a hotel would be in that area. The free breakfast the next morning was wonderful!!! There are no bad things to say about this hotel. I wish i lived closer so i could stay more often!!!	
Aug 30 2009 	The perfect SF experience - A+++	I stayed at Hotel Drisco for the first time last weekend and can honestly say that I don't plan to ever stay anywhere else in SF ever again! The location, quality and above all, level of care and attention provided by the hotel staff were unparalleled. From the moment I checked in until a departed (unfortunately, a mere 24 hours later) I was made to feel like a truly treasured guest. Specifically, upon check in I was upgrade to a phenomenal suite (room 103) that felt more like a private apartment than a room in a hotel. Also, when I pulled up to the hotel in my rental car, I parked in the temporary loading zone as directed. When I came back out to move my car, I found that I had been inadvertently boxed in by a tow truck that was picking up a vehicle to be serviced from a nearby home. The owner of the car and the tow truck driver both apologized and said that they would do their best to hurry, but of course you can't really rush something as important as strapping a 2 ton vehicle to the back of a tow truck! When the bellman stepped out of the lobby and saw that I was waiting, he offered to wait and then park my car for me, and then bring the keys back to my room! Talk about service! The hotel itself is located in historic Pacific Heights, with gorgeous views of the bay amid dramatic victorian homes. If you are concerned about being far from the traditional tourist spots (Embarcadero, Union Square, etc...) don't be - SF is not a very large city and cabs are both plentiful and affordable. Besides, this neighborhood is truly the most beautiful and unique.As mentioned above, I was only in town for one night and as such, was a little worn out from the hectic travel schedule. Hotel Drisco provided the perfect opportunity to relax: after I checked in I was able to enjoy the complementary wine and cheese reception downstairs from 5:00-6:30. Also, I was able to relax in the comfortable sitting room facing the main road in front while waiting for my dinner guests to pick me up. Also, in the morning there is a delicious breakfast buffet served (included in the price of the room) and I was even able to purchase a panini sandwich to go, as I was going to be on the road for the day. Everything about my stay was truly perfect and I returned home excited to tell my husband that I had found the perfect place to stay during our next visit to the City! Bottom line: This hotel provides the quintessential SF experience! You will not be disappointed!	
Aug 25 2009 	Excellent service beautiful hotel	My husband and I spent the night in San Francisco for our first anniversary and decided to stay at the Hotel Drisco because of its great reviews. It surely lived up to the rave reviews, we had a wonderful time. We stayed in a city view suite and had a great view, plenty of room, and all the amenities. The bed was VERY comfortable, great bathroom, and excellent concierge services. I highly recommend the Hotel Drisco and will stay again.	
Aug 21 2009 	What a "Gem" in San Francisco	Casual friends of ours had recommended this hotel, We weren't sure whether we could really trust their opinions...but took a chance. We were delighted with this charming place. It is small (only 4 floors), but intimate and attentive.The staff is professional and courteous, the room/suite that we had overlooked the city. The amenities were fresh, spotlessly clean and more than adequate.The next time we're in San Francisco, we will DEFINITELY stay at the Drisco, again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Wonderful stay	A wonderful break from a big chain hotel. Staff were attentive, welcoming and courteous.Our room opened on to the coffee/drawing room which was a bit odd but this did not really affect us at all. (Gave us very easy access to the complimentary 24-hr coffee or tea!)The room itself was quiet and immaculate with a huge and comfortable bed. The bathroom was large and spotless.The continental breakfast was fresh and tasty and the coffee was excellent.The only problem we ran into was with the complimentary internet access - could not get this to connect to my laptop no matter what the staff or internet provider technician suggested.We had no problem finding parking for our rental car but be aware that your car needs to be moved ever 3 hours between 8am and 5pm, and parking is not allowed for 2 hours on street cleaning days (2 days per month).There is easy access to public transport and there is a reasonably short (but steep) walk to the stores and restaurants on Fillmore Street.Great value for money ($169/night including continental breakfast).	
Aug 19 2009 	Our basement room was horrible and this hotel did not feel 4 star!	I was fairly confident about this hotel as it was the number 1 choice for all hotels in San Francisco on Trip Advisor but unfortunately it was the worst hotel we stayed in during our 2 week trip in the US. It may be a bit unfair as it could have been different had we had a better room and reading the other reviews it sounds as if we had the worst room! Our room was in the basement and so the view from the window was of a wall. It felt quite claustrophobic and there was a lot of noise from overhead. Therefore the stunning views across SAn Francisco that we were hoping for did not materialise. We probably should have asked to change our room but no mention was made of the fact that it was a basement room on check in and so I would warn anyone that gets a basement room to ask to swap as they aren't very nice. It certainly wasn't a 4 star room. Quite small and our wardrobe was in the bathroom which was a bit weird. This hotel is an old house that has been converted and the conversion isn't very good as you can hear noise from other rooms. Therefore it wasn't very relaxing. Service was OK but all the staff were a bit weird. It was more like staying in a small guest house than a 4 star hotel. I can't quite put my finger on it exactly but I didn't feel that comfortable in the hotel from the moment I stepped in the door. We didn't actually go to breakfast any morning so I can't comment on it. However it is available which I suppose is a bonus. The location is not great either. It is on a lovely quiet residential street but you do feel a bit out in the middle of nowhere. It takes a good 20 minutes to get downtown although the bus stop is very handy for the hotel. I really didn't like this hotel but I think that was mainly because of the room. Although I would have preferred a more cental location.	
Aug 11 2009 	Can we say amazing?!	Really, really nice! I paid the AAA rate and was upgraded to a suite before I got there. There was a nice plate of fruit in the room that was perfectly ripened. Bed was extremely comfortable, great bathroom-lighting was terrific!. Breakfast downstairs was surprisingly good. It's two steps up from standard continental breakfast. Only one issue and it's not something that they could have done anything about--guy above me was so loud!! I could hear his phone conversations and his snoring all night long.	
Aug 6 2009 	Awesome Hotel	The wife and I stayed for 4 nights and it was the best part of our trip. As many others we were greeted curbside and assisted throughout the check in process. The staff was attentive and provided great tips on where to eat, shop and see. We decided to stay here to avoid the crowds and traffic. It you are looking for something a little away from it and quiet this is your hotel. You don't have to worry about getting taken for parking fees like the downtown places. The neighborhood is clean and great for walks/jogs in the AM. There is no parking fee and parking near the hotel was never a problem there was always parking just east on Broderick. I wont be staying anywhere else if the wife and I ever decide to return to San Fran.	
Aug 5 2009 	Lovely hotel in quiet neighbourhood	For us the location of the hotel was perfect as we have good friends who live nearby and it was also good to be away from the noise of the downtown area. It was also easy to get around from there as there are nearby buses which go downtown. The staff at Hotel Drisco are fantastic and could not do enough for us. They are friendly, helpful and really made our stay for us. The room sizes and facilities are excellent - the only downside with regards to the rooms is that of the noise: 1. The doors seem to rattle quite a bit, so when a guest in another room opens/closes their door, the noise reverberates. 2. The plumbing is EXTREMELY noisy ! When the people in the next room were showering, the noise in our room was very loud. These two things would be the only things that slightly spoilt things for us. Breakfast is included at Hotel Drisco, although it is basic and for 3 of the 4 mornings we were there, we chose to eat outside the hotel. There is a very small gym in the hotel - basic, but ok and each time we went to use it, there was no-one else there, so it was fine. The hotel does provide passes to the gym in the park.	
Aug 4 2009 	What a gem!	What a gem! We booked this hotel because of the tripadvisor ratings and we were not disappointed. This is a lovely old hotel that has been updated without losing it’s character. We had an inside room which was spacious, very up to date and had a large modern bathroom. Due to the cool SanFran weather, the hotel is not air-conditioned, which was fine with us because we like to sleep with the window open. There was some noise from rooms above us but it was not objectionable. The staff was very personable/friendly/helpful and extremely knowledgeable about the local area and restaurants. This hotel is located in a residential area of beautiful town-homes and public transportation is available within 3 -6 blocks, depending on the direction you want to go. We used public transportation with a Muni pass for our entire stay and had no problems getting where we wanted to go. The breakfast included the usual cereals, meat, cheese, yogurt, etc and fresh juices. When we return to SanFran, we will stay here again because of the great staff.	
Aug 2 2009 	Our new favorite hotel in the city...	We usually stay downtown but decided to switch it up this time. Very nice neighbor without all the hustle and bustle, not to mention the lack of garbage truck, fire truck, and police siren noise. Still a cheap cab ride from everywhere.	
Jul 30 2009 	This hotel exceeded our expectations in every way!	Our daughter lives in lower Pac Heights and suggested this hotel. We stayed for four nights.The hotel decor is charming with warm wood and traditionally furnished living and dining rooms.The attention to detail is remarkable-bed linens, room appointments,vanity items, a newspaper, fresh- squeezed orange juice at breakfast, coffee, tea, and fruit available all day, wine and cheese in the afternoon,chocolate cookies at night, etc. The staff is extraordinary, helpful in every way. The neighborhood is lovely and wonderful for walking. We had no problem getting cabs to any part of the city. Most of the guests were return visitors. We look forward to returning soon!	
Jul 28 2009 	Our favourite hotel in San Francisco	We enjoyed everything at the Hotel Drisco. The staff at the front desk are exceptionally helpful and friendly. We couldn't have asked for more; great restaurant tips, advice on sightseeing and shopping. Thank you, Marti, Liz, Edward and Michael. Julio in the afternoon wine reception was both entertaining and gracious. Breakfast, as always, was outstanding. Thanks Marti, once again, for an 07 room. You can't beat the view.	
Jul 23 2009 	Lovely indeed but really #1?	We stayed at the Hotel Drisco for 2 nights with our 9 and 11 yr old in a cityview suite. The hotel is indeed lovely, with great bed linens and gorgeous views in the spacious cityview suite, but I have to admit I'm surprised that it's ranked #1 out of all the hotels in SF. We picked this hotel b/c we were visiting family in Pacific Heights. The neighborhood is entirely residential, with no shops or restaurants in immediate walking distance. There is no valet parking - all parking is on street. At night there is no problem finding street parking close by, but during the day you need to move your car every 3 hours if you plan to leave it by the hotel. This turned out not to be an issue for us, as you need a car to get around if you stay in this area. There is no restaurant or room service, though they offer panini sandwiches. We enjoyed the breakfast buffet and have no specific complaints, but I think if I were coming to explore the area as a tourist I would consider a more central location.	
Jul 23 2009 	exceptionally friendly helpful staff who provide personal touches	My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and were met with an exceptionally friendly and helpful staff who went out of their way to provide any information we needed about the city, how to get around, what to see, and even assisting us in booking a tour to Alcatraz. We were given a room upgrade, and found the room very spacious, clean and beautifully decorated - very comfortable beds. Upon return to our room each night the bed was turned down, and there was a card giving us information about the following days weather, along with a plate of fresh fruit and chocolate cookies. In the morning, a newspaper was placed in a bag and hung on the door handle. The breakfasts were substantial, and the waitering staff attentive to our needs. The hotel is located a fair distance from union square, but the #3 bus which takes you directly to the square is caught 1 block from the hotel and runs very frequently. We only had to wait 3 or 4 minutes at most. It was not difficult to get around by bus at all, and actually gave us a good tour of the neighborhood. Pacific Heights is a quaint and picturesque area with gorgeous homes. Lovely to walk around. Upon leaving the hotel, the staff are quite happy to arrange a town car to take you to the airport - comparable to the cost of a taxi, but much more luxurious. We would stay here again. The personal touches you receive and the friendliness of the staff make the stay 5 star in my mind, and much nicer than the vast, impersonal chain hotels.	
Jul 13 2009 	A Star's Favorite	4th of July and we walked to the incredible Marina fireworks. This is a beautiful and quiet neighborhood, 3 blocks from the Presidio, atop a hill with a view. So much space in our corner suite - kids comfy on the fold out, parents happy with the pocket doors and enormous bath. Great, helpful staff, tasty breakfast and our cab driver claimed that the hotel is &quot;Jane Fonda's favorite,&quot; when she's in town. What more can you ask? Authentic, historic, beautiful San Francisco and we got a last minute fabulous rate. Will return!	
Jul 12 2009 	Amazing	Recently I decided to surprise my wife for her birthday with a night in the City. I did some research on places to stay and decided on Hotel Drisco after hearing from a Boston friend about how much she enjoyed her recent stay there. I figured it would be nice but wasn't exactly sure what to expect. Well, I can now honestly say that Hotel Drisco exceeded my every expectation and may be one of the best hotels I've stayed at (and I've stayed at lot of hotels over the years). Our room was amazing - beautiful city views, old Victorian charm, an over-sized bathroom (complete with comfy bathrobes and slippers), and a plush King size bed. I was amazed at the hotels personal care and attention to detail and some of the little things they did to make our stay more enjoyable, like the the birthday card the hotel concierge left in our room or the handwritten note advising us on the following days weather. One thing is for sure, I couldn't have picked a better hotel to celebrate my wife's birthday. It was a romantic and unforgettable night. We will definitely return to Hotel Drisco soon!	
Jul 9 2009 	well deserved #1 rank	we stayed five nights and had a terrific time. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Would want to take the occasion to thank Bob again for all his help and tips. though we stayed in a room without city view, the room itself is spacious, clean and comfortable. the breakfast is excellent. I like the bagel in particular. the location is amazing, situated in one of the poshest neighborhood and offers fantastic views of the city. would definitely want to stay there again and all in all a very happy experience at Hotel Drisco.	
Jul 5 2009 	Clean cozy well-appointed rooms	I just returned from a five-night stay at Hotel Drisco. I was in town to see some longtime friends and decided to stay in a different neighborhood; in the past I have stayed in Union Square. I chose the hotel for the location as well as the reviews. Pacific Heights is picturesque, and the adjoining Russian Hill, Japantown and Cow Hollow/Marina neighborhoods are lovely as well. I found the rooms to be clean, airy and well-appointed. The hotel staff were caring and helpful, and I felt very safe as a solo traveler. I managed to find a great deal, and so the nightly rate was just $139, not bad for such a wonderful hotel. All in all, I had a great experience at Hotel Drisco and plan to return there again next summer!	
Jul 1 2009 	Wonderful after a room change	They seem to have everything figured out at this hotel. The rooms are well-proportioned and -appointed. The staff is helpful and friendly. The breakfast buffet is amazing. The neighborhood is beautiful and quiet. I was primarily impressed with the little details that they consider--window boxes of flowers in interior-facing rooms, all-day coffee and teas in the sitting room, no silly hotel art in the rooms. That said, I think my review would be very different if we had had to stay in the room we were initially assigned. It was in the lobby, between the public bathroom and sitting room. I don't even want to think about how loud that room would've been. Luckily, because we checked in first, we were able to switch, and I can happily say that I will return to this hotel (with a specific room request at time of booking.)	
Jun 26 2009 	Wonderful	Spent three relaxing nights here and would happily have stayed longer. Very friendly staff. Hotel is spotless and comfortable. Excellent buffet breakfast. Neighborhood is, of course, lovely. We enjoyed several walks in different directions. Street parking was quite easy Friday afternoon-Sunday. Might be a problem leaving car for the day on a weekday.	
Jun 25 2009 	Consistently a nice place with nice staff	nice happy hour, beds are comfortable, steam heat in room quite nicewonderful charming spot in Pacific Heights, close to Union St and Chestnut, Presidio and Golden Gate Bridge. Be prepared to walk hills if you stay, nice restaurants several blocks away.Safe area to walk around. Parking can be a challenge with time limits and street cleaning but it is So San Francisco	
Jun 19 2009 	Heaven can't be better.	This was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Outstanding service, beautifully clean, friendly and informative staff, excellent amenities, great location and the other guests were all friendly, no doubt a reflection of how satisfied they were with this hotel. I can't praise it enough. If only there were more hotels like this.	
Jun 16 2009 	I felt cared for!	The staff at Hotel Drisco was beyond professional and efficient. They made every effort to make my stay pleasant. I look forward to my next visit. It was, in every way, perfect!	
Jun 12 2009 	Exceptional	Hotel Drisco was two blocks away from where we were attending a 50th Anniversary Celebration and was a joy to come home to. We could not have been happier with the Concierge Marti, the front desk Michael and Bob who helped with everything. The breakfast was excellent and fully staffed. Everyone else has said it all. Top quality and fabulous staff.	
Jun 1 2009 	First class service all the way	Hotel Drisco was our last hotel on our round the world trip and we certainly saved the best to last. Everything was perfect, attention to detail was evident everywhere. We were very warmly welcomed by Michael and advised that were had been upgraded to a suite. It was just amazing. Very large bathroom, lovely living area and a most comfortable bed. The staff were so helpful and informative, Michael, Edward &amp; Marti on reception were first class. Really enjoyed the complimentary wine and cheese each evening served by a very waiter called Julio. I can see why this hotel remains number one, it certainly deserves its position.	
May 25 2009 	Great Reviews are all accurate	After reading all the reviews in Trip Advisor and other sites, I knew this was a must. My husband, after looking at a map was quite concerned. While driving from the airport, we knew we were in for something special. The hotel is a small, quaint and elegant hotel. We were thrilled to find out when we arrived we were upgraded to a suite. While only on the first floor and views of the street, it didnt matter as the suite was wonderful and the area quiet. The suite consisted of a living room area with tv and a separate bedroom with a large bathroom and another tv. There was free WiFi! Our friends who arrived later didnt get a free upgrade but were offered one for a cost? We found the basic room a bit tight so when we stay there again (which we most definitely will!) we would book a suite. The complimentary breakfast included wonderful baked goods, toast, hard boiled eggs, cheeses and meats. Cappuccinos are available on request (I only knew since someone was having one). Afternoon wine, cheese and small hors douvres were an added treat. All staff were warm and friendly. The first night we walked to Fillmore Street (about 5 short blocks downhill) for dinner. There are wonderful shops and restaurants there. On our last day we walked a few blocks (major steep downhill) to Chestnut Street for another area of great shops and restaurants. If you like the high level touristy activity and crazy crowds of Union Square or Fishermans Wharf, dont stay at the Drisco. If you want a peaceful and charming location after a day of touring all that San Francisco has to offer you must stay here. '	
May 23 2009 	FIRST CLASS - Can't wait to go back !	San Francisco was the first stop on our 2 week tour of California. We had chosen the Drisco due to the reviews on trip advisor - and SO glad we did. The Hotel, location, staff, bedroom, service and overall atmosphere of the hotel exceeded all our expectations. We had planned a special celebration during our stay in San Francisco and the staff, especially Marti (the Concierge) could not have been more helpful, attentive and caring in organising this for us. We stayed at the Drisco for 6 days and every one a pleasure ! After visiting the sights and touring the city all day, coming back to the hotel was like heading back to the comforts of your own home. Our 2nd floor room was spacious, extremely clean, very comfortable and we had a wonderful view over the city. The Hotel Drisco is located in Pacific Heights, one of the most beautiful areas in San Francisco. The hotel has excellent transport links with a town car available every morning between 7 and 9. The bus stop is located 1 block away and is a very pleasant ten minute journey to downtown Union Square. Staying here allows you to experience this beautiful reidential area of San Francisco whilst being close enough to all the action.We fell in love with San Francisco, fell in love with the Drisco and we will definitely be back !!! Thanks again to Marti, Michael and all the gang.Jill and Danny, Scotland	
May 21 2009 	Lived up to all the hype....	We chose the Drisco after considering other San Francisco hotels within the JDV group and comparing their ratings on TA. We were able to get a cheaper rate after joining the JDV members club. This was our first trip to San Francisco and we stayed for a week.I found the reception staff to be very polite and helpful - always greeting us when we were leaving or arriving back and always willing to provide help with directions, transport etc. The housekeeping was very discreet and always respected the 'do not disturb' sign. A special mention must go to Julio, the wine waiter at the daily wine reception. He seemed to take an interest in us and enjoyed hearing about what we had been up to each day and what our plans were for the next. He also went to great lengths to tell us how to get around as we mainly used the buses and cable cars when not walking. He even made a restaurant reservation for us when we asked his advice about where to eat. The evening wine reception was a lovely touch and the complimentary breakfast was welcome each morning and fresh, although it did become a little boring by the end of the week.Our room ( a king deluxe) was quite large as was the bathroom. The room overlooked the inside of the building but this didn't bother me as I had asked for a quiet room and I got just that. Although I know the other rooms had some great views of the bay. Besides we were out most of the time anyway. It was quiet at night and I never had any trouble sleeping, which was important to me after walking so much each day - all hills! The bed was comfy although the pillows were a little too high when using both but too low when using one!The hotel is situated in Pacific Heights which is obviously a wealthy neighbourhood and it was very peaceful at night. But the shops and restaurants on Filmore St are only a couple of blocks away and we got around easily by bus - there are a couple of stops within a block of the hotel either way. We enjoyed looking at the other beautiful houses and picking our favourites as we walked along. The hotel also provides internet access in the small 'business center' but they do charge for this - a bit of a bummer if you don't travel with a laptop.To summarise, I would say I really liked this hotel, it was great to come back each night knowing there would be peace and quiet and the staff were very professional. It was small enough to be intimate but we still had privacy. I have no regrets about our choice and would recommend the Drisco to anyone seeking quality, good service and a restful night's sleep in a lovely neighbourhood.	
May 12 2009 	We have stayed in many lovely hotels in San Francisco and this one has to be my favorite!	Our family consists of all &quot;adults&quot; now and the 2 room suite at the Hotel Drisco is perfect for us. Our 2 teenage daughters had their own room and bath and my husband and I were very comfortable in our own space with a lovely living room we could all enjoy together. This hotel and it's wonderful staff is a trip into a very elegant past with the benefit of modern plumbing! The hotel is old, but redone in a way that is comfortable and beautiful and reflects the lovely architectural touches of a bygone era. The views are spectacular and the location high in Pacific Heights is quiet and peaceful yet Filmore street shopping and restaurants are just a few blocks of walking to enjoy. I look forward to my next visit to this gem of a retreat and it's wonderful and personable staff.	
May 6 2009 	Stay here!!!!!!	Decided to book Hotel Drisco based on the reviews. This hotel did not disappoint. The service was amazing, from Roberto picking us up at the airport in the town car, to Marti and Michael at the front desk and Julio at the evening wine and cheese. We arrived very early and were able to get our room well before normal check in. We booked a suite and it was exactly as advertised, large and very well appointed. The breakfast was excellent and the evening wine and cheese was a fabulous touch.You will enjoy everything about the Hotel Drisco.	
Apr 23 2009 	Rocky start great finish	I was traveling to San Francisco with my parents and we booked Hotel Drisco based on the great reviews from Trip Advisor, making our reservation nearly two months before arriving in SF. When we made our reservation we were torn between booking two separate non-suite rooms or the adjoining two bedroom suite. We ended up going with the two separate rooms because of the giant cost difference. When we arrived at Hotel Drisco to check in, we were told that my parent's room had been upgraded to a suite, however both rooms were located in the basement, down the hall from the service entrance, across from an ice machine and the breakfast room. Our windows overlooked the kitchen of the hotel and the rooms were very dark. Needless to say we were disappointed and considered switching hotels, however the desk staff was able to move us both into an adjoining two bedroom suite on the corner of the top floor. The new rooms had beautiful light, gorgeous views of the Bay and Alcatraz and it was like we were staying in a completely different hotel. We loved, loved loved our new rooms.The adjoined two bedroom suites are great if you're traveling as a group, however one of the bedrooms in these two bedroom suites has no bathroom attached. You have to cross the private hall (to which both bedrooms in the suite have access) to get to the bathroom. If the person staying in the other bedroom is not traveling with you, you could conceivably be walking out of your shower into your room and pass a stranger in the hall. It was a bit bizarre. I would recommend this hotel ONLY if you are given a room on the top two floors. It would be quite loud otherwise, and much less private. The only problem is, you are given no guarantees as to where your room is until you check in. It's a bit of a gamble. Also, beware. The prices of rooms fluctuate. When we were moved to the double room suite, the price we were quoted at the desk was nearly $100 less per night than what we were quoted when we originally made the decision to stick with the smaller, single rooms. That said, bathrooms in both suites and non-suites were beautiful and large, the breakfast were very nice, and Thanh (sp?) the bellhop/doorman was so kind and friendly. We loved the private, neighborhood feel of Pacific Heights. There are some great nearby restaurants (try Sociale) and the buses run frequently if you're wanting to go further afield. There's also a complimentary town car service running to Union Square every morning between 7 and 9, which is handy.	
Apr 22 2009 	Amazing value exceptional service	At the end of a five week study tour/holiday through the US, this was my last stop and I'm so glad it was - what a lovely way to end my tour. The staff were warm, friendly and very knowledgable, and happy to help in any way. The room was gorgeous with a lovely view and all the amenities I could think of - and a fantastic bathroom. The complimentary breakfast was just delightful and only added to the amazing value for money. A real home away from home, the Hotel Drisco would entice me to return to San Francisco if only for the opportunity to stay there again! I found the location slightly inconvenient at times - it's a bit of a walk to shops, restaurants and transport, when it's raining at night and you're on your own, but it's a small price to pay to be in such a magnificent neighbourhood.I also found the internet access was great - very fast and included in the room charge, unlike many other more expensive places I stayed.	
Apr 22 2009 	A perfect hotel!	We stayed for seven nights at Hotel Drisco recently. It was a fantastic place, an extremely elegant building in Pacific Heights and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was spotless and spacious with a good view, the bed and pillows very comfortable, the bathroom was extremely clean (something which I am very fussy about!), there was tea and coffee available round the clock in the lounge, and there are DVDs which you can borrow free from the front desk. The buffet breakfast is very nice, with lots of choice and which you take in a lovely, elegant dining room. Ask for a portable heater for the room as the hotel has a centrally controlled steam heat boiler which we found a bit chilly at times. The staff are aware of this and will bring a heater to the room for you. The hotel was very quiet and I got a really good night's sleep. We felt almost as if we were at home, only better! All the staff were wonderful and made you feel as if you really mattered to them, especially Edward (from Brazil?) who was on the front desk. Pacific Heights is a fantastic area to be, with unbelievable houses and views and the Presidio and Marina close by. It is well worth a walk round. Although the hotel is slightly out of the city centre, we felt this was a good thing and well worth it for the area and the quietness. It is easy to get into the city and the hotel will sell you a transport pass. If we ever go back to San Francisco Hotel Drisco is the only place I would want to stay. We have now been spoilt!	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Hotel in Wonderful Location	My husband and I stayed for three nights while I was down in San Francisco attending training. We normally stay at a little hotel in the Union Square area, but the panhandling, noise, and crowds got tedious. I found this hotel and chose it because of its location and we weren't disappointed! The street parking in our F-250 extended cab ranch vehicle was... well, exciting, but do-able. Google Earth didn't show the degree of slope on the side we parked on (STEEP!). Once inside it was a great experience from check in to check out. The staff was all very polite and friendly. We declined the &quot;view&quot; room upgrade (for a fee) we were offered (didn't think work would go for that!), but our inside room was more than adequate. I could hear the gentleman next to us talk conversationally on his phone to someone named Chris so the rooms could use a little boost on the soundproofing, plus the pipes clanked pretty much all night. Maybe this was why we were offered an upgrade? In the evenings we were able to walk the neighborhood unmolested and gawk at the mansions in the 'hood- we probably got the police called on us as we ogled from the sidewalk (hey- they light those homes so you WILL ogle!). We were able to walk to the Fillmore district for dinner one night so it isn't totally far from restaurants, but you WILL burn off the calories from dinner. We also walked down to the waterfront area down the Lyon Street steps and caught the cable car over to Union Square for dinner and a pint at Johnny Foleys. One weird thing about parking at the hotel is that the parking is street parking and therefore under the parking laws- it must be moved every three hours after 9 in the morning. My husband had his motorcycle in the back of the truck and just parked it for free at the Palace of the Legion of Honor and rode from there while I was in class. Overall a great place to stay.	
Apr 21 2009 	It was the perfect stay"	I visited family who live nearby in the Presidio area over my birthday weekend. It was a wonderful home away from home when I wasn't with them. My room was small but perfect -- they could not have thought of anything more to make my stay more pleasant. The staff was friendly and helpful and the complimentary European-style breakfast was wonderful. I will definitely plan to stay at the Hotel Drisco when I return to SF. In fact, perhaps I'll make the Hotel Drisco my destination and not tell my family I'm in the neighborhood!	
Apr 20 2009 	C'est magnifique!	Wow! We came here with our two kids over the Easter weekend and were treated like royalty. From the reception to the end of our stay, we could not have asked for better service or a more comfortable room. The concierge service (Michael, in particular) is pleasant and helpful. (The GM of the hotel is also very attentive to any needs you might have.) The location of the hotel is in a spectacular part of San Francisco (Pacific Heights). Views everywhere and much more quiet than other surrounding neighborhoods. Absolutely relaxing---even with our kids! We've stayed at our Joie de Vivre hospitality hotels in San Francisco and this one, by far, is our favorite!	
Apr 18 2009 	Great Room; Great Service	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Drisco for three nights. The bed was comfortable, the room was spotless, the room rate included a large and varied continental breakfast with excellent coffee. The staff was helpful and answered all of our questions about places to go and things to see. As the hotel is in Pacific Heights, it is a bit far from &quot;downtown&quot; or the shopping areas, and parking is &quot;on the street&quot; which takes a little while to get used to, especially if you're not used to driving in San Francisco. This is a &quot;quiet&quot; hotel, which means no conventioneers and very few children {except for the one or two who stayed with their grandparents}. Expensive, but well worth the price.	
Apr 17 2009 	No wonder it's number 1!	We stayed at the Hotel Drisco for 5 nights. It was completely faultless, clean, wonderful view (from our room anyway) and the service was second to none. We arrived in San Francisco after a week and a half in Vegas and San Diego and the hotels we stayed in there did not compare in any way. The hotel is located in Pacific Heights, so you need travel passes to see all the main tourist spots, but these are cheap at $18 for 3 days and we preferred being away from the hustle and bustle. Only a few blocks away in both directions you can find an eclectic mix of shops and restaurants. The atmosphere in the hotel is relaxed and friendly and we wouldn't stay anywhere else if we returned. 75% of this hotel's clientele are returning guests and this is no surprise. The only thing we felt it missed was a bar as there were a couple of nights where we'd been out all day and fancied staying for a couple of drinks in the hotel But overall a very small price to pay for one of the best hotels we've ever stayed in.	
Apr 1 2009 	Beyond Compare...this is a lovely lovely hotel.	If you want something far more than a &quot;nice hotel room&quot; to stay while in SF, you will be absolutely delighted with the Hotel Drisco. It's like being in an an historic SF apartment with heavy doors, thick moulding, beautiful linens and fantastic amenities that you won't find at other hotels. The fresh fruit, breakfast buffet, internet access, location (wonderful parking and quiet location above the hustle and bustle of the city), and the FANTASTIC staff, combine to make the Hotel Drisco a grand experience!	
Mar 24 2009 	A Home Away From Home	My husband and I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Drisco during a recent visit to our daughter who lives in San Francisco. And what a delightful stay it was. We had been told by our daughter how lovely and intimate the Hotel Drisco was. Yes, the drisco is indeed very beautiful and elegant - but we found it offered so much more! We truly appreciated the warmth and hospitality of the entire staff who responded to our every need efficiently and graciously. On our arrival, we were informed by Marti, at the reception desk, that we had been upgraded to a suite - which was so lovely and comfortable - it was second only to being home. The bowls of fresh fruit everywhere, the cookies left in our room at bedtime, the lovely, ample buffet breakfast (gratis) the wine and hors d'oeuvres served in the parlor each evening (gratis) the N.Y. Times delivered to our door each morning.... it was all so special, so unexpected, - and above and beyond what we have experienced at hotel stays elsewhere. Our only regret was that our stay was too short. We certainly look forward to a return visit!	
Mar 21 2009 	Offseason splurge in a lovely Inn!	After seeing the corner suite on the 3rd floor, which we were told was surprisingly available, and the room we had reserved, which had an internal view, we were persuaded to upgrade to a suite for the bargain price of $244 per night. The views ot the city and water with the sunshine streaming in sold us and made it worth every penny. As previous reviews have mentioned, the breakfast is really great. The presentation is very elegant. Even though the photos make it look like the breakfast room is underground, it is at street level with an eastern view and lots of light. The evening wine reception is a wonderful amenity which unfortunately we were only able to enjoy our first night. SF is a great city for walking, and we spent most of our time away from the hotel. Take advantage of the written information that is available at the front desk suggesting things to do. We never happened upon the coffee room or the exercise room until the last day. The coffee room is the first room on the left when you enter the hotel; it is like a living room. The exercise room on the breakfast room level has several modern looking machines and even a stability ball. We loved this hotel. Our only slight displeasure, due to the location of the hotel, was not having easy access to public transportation and not providing parking for a rental car. On the weekend street parking is not a problem, but during the week it is more difficult. We did take advantage of the town car the day we left to take us to the downtown Bart station so we could take it to the airport. We feel we were able to enjoy a luxurious vacation at a very reasonable price, since at high season this suite is more like $459.	
Mar 4 2009 	A Most Fulfilling Nurturing Stay At Our SF Home	As we both checked in, we felt a warm, smile from down deep. The dignity, warmth, caring that the employees exude, heals us from the start. Every detail of this hotel has been provided with the guests in mind...as the lighting, linens, cleanliness, breakfast, concierge services, interior design detail all makes us feel like royalty. Cannot wait to return!!!!!	
Feb 17 2009 	Absolutely Superb	We are seniors who have travelled extensively. This hotel was comfortable and charming - a home away from home. Staff was so knowledgable and helpful, anticipating our every need. The service was outstanding. We loved the location - away from the maddening crowds, but yet close to everything. It was one of the most positive stays we have ever had!	
Feb 14 2009 	Exceeded expectations	We were very pleased with our stay at the Hotel Drisco. The property and neighborhood were charming. There was a sense of privacy which we enjoyed. We experienced outstanding service. The breakfast was terrific. The best part was the excellent value. We plan to return.	
Feb 13 2009 	Charming	The Drisco is a charming and friendly hotel, in a quiet residential area. I was upgraded to a large and comfortable suite. The staff are friendly and accomodating, and they have a sunny sitting room on the main level and a large lower level dining room that serves a nice breakfast. The lower level has a small fitness center and a computer station. (guests have access to the local YMCA)Tripadvisor readers shoule be aware the Drisco is not particularly convenient to Union Square, Downtown, or the tourist attractions in S.F., but the City is compact and has good public transportation. I would definitely stay here again for a stay in SF.	
Jan 28 2009 	Great place to stay	Excellent re-model of a 100 year old hotel in Pacific Heights area of San Francisco. We had a forth floor corner suite that was beautifully furnished and had views of the city and bay. Service and amenities were top of the line.	
Jan 23 2009 	Wonderful staff	While I was tempted to stay in other parts of town for the sake of convenience, I selected the Drisco based on the Trip Advisor reviews and was not disappointed. The hotel has a warm and home-like feel. I had a room on the 2nd floor which was comfortable and quiet. I did feel like I was in a private home rather than a hotel. My room was spacious and decorated in an attractive manner. I was even impressed that I had an actual key rather than an electronic card to get into the room.The bathroom was also spacious and had a nice shower head. I was impressed that I always had good water pressure and hot water each morning. The lighting was fairly good in the bathroom, as well, so my makeup would look natural, rather than clown-like, when I went out for the day.I took advantage of the free breakfast each morning, as well as the evening wine reception. They also have coffee and water available all day, which was a nice perk.I think what truly set this property apart from any others in the city was the staff. Michael, Marty, and the other front desk employees treated me like family. I depended on them for everything, from helping me select a restaurant each evening, to getting me in touch with the closest drugstore when I had an unexpected need arise. They took such good care of me! Also, my town car driver, Roberto, was personable and expressed a genuine concern for me. I know he works for the town car company, but in my mind I've made him an employee of the Drisco by association. (Anyway, I highly recommend his service for your trip to and from the airport.)I don't know if/when I'll ever visit San Francisco again, but if I do, I plan to stay at the Drisco. Who knows? I might just have to make a special trip to the city just to visit my hotel family. :)	
Jan 20 2009 	Perfect Perch San Francisco	My college age son and I met up in San Francisco for a few beautiful days in January because we wanted to check out the new home of the California Academy of Sciences. The Hotel Drisco was lovely, warm and welcoming. Very much like staying at the home of that comfortably affluent uncle we wish we had. The rooms are large, bright and cozily elegant with super-comfortable beds. Not at all like the cookie-cutter glitz of the standard &quot;top class&quot; hotel. Front desk staff and Marti, the great concierge, were unfailingly helpful and gracious. They helped us with dinner suggestions, transportation and finding a nearby beauty salon. Breakfast offers lots of choices and the late afternoon wine and cheese is a wonderful idea--great after a day of sightseeing, when it is just a little too early yet for dinner. And we loved those chocolate-covered cookies that were left for us each evening! The Drisco is high up in Pacific Heights, which is a beautiful neighborhood for walking--gorgeous residences, several small parks nearby and walking distance to the Presidio and the shops and restaurants on Union Street and Fillmore Street. As you walk you get many beautiful vistas of the bay and the city. Everything else is just a short drive away.	
Jan 17 2009	wonderful	The Hotel Drisco was very accommodating to all my needs and was very welcoming. I give them my highest rating and recommend them to anyone looking for a nice quiet place to stay in San Francisco off the beaten path.	
Jan 14 2009 	Absolutely the best hotel I have ever stayed at	I couldn't have been more happier with this hotel. It was the first time my family took a trip to San Francisco and we did not know where to stay. I went on Trip Advisor and thought this hotel looked interesting so I booked a few days there. Everything about Hotel Drisco was wonderful. The rooms were beautiful, the continental breakfast was excellent, the staff was as nice as could be, it was quiet next to the beautiful mansions...I will never stay in any other hotel next time I plan a visit to this city!!	
Jan 6 2009 	The Drisco is a gem in a neighborhood of gems	Selected for its residential neighborhood, historic qualities and small size, the Hotel Drisco did not disappoint. The hotel has a club-like atmosphere with very friendly and professional staff. Each member of this staff was always ready to do whatever they could to make our stay more comfortable and enjoyable, from front desk personnel to the housekeeping staff. However, and this is very important to us, they were never intrusive, a quality we sometimes find unappealing at a bed and breakfast. Guests should know that the hotel has added the service of hot panini sandwiches, available on a 24-hour basis, which demonstrates the concern the hotel has that nothing contributing to guest convenience has been overlooked.After our first experience over Christmas at this hotel, we have already booked in for the same time next year. The two-room suite with beautiful Bay view is a perfect place to enjoy a &quot;home-like&quot; holiday.	
Dec 19 2008 	There's no better place to stay	We spent 2 nights at the Drisco in late October, and I have to say I had the best time ever in San Francisco, despite the terrible weather that time of the year. We arrived late in the evening, and were still greeted by the helpful, extremely friendly doorman who gave some good advise on where to park our vehicle and spend some good amount of time showing us the hotel.Our room was decently sized, certainly not huge, but that's not what you'd expect in SF anyways, and beautifully decorated. The bed was comfy and the TV/DVD combo just awesome. Not to mention every little corner in our room was perfectly clean and in top notch condition.We enjoyed the breakfeast but did not attend any of the wine receptions as we never made it back to the hotel in time. However, there are always some cookies, free coffee and tee available in the cosy, living room-style lounge room next to the reception, along with a selection of daily newspapers.And it's also about the location, too - away from the tourist crowd of Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square, yet in walking distance of many of the downtown dining, cultural and shopping attractions. Situated on top of Pacific Heights, you'll have a hard time finding a more up-scale neighborhood. You'll find a number of good restaurants right next door on Fillmore.Bottom line, I visit the bay area quite frequently on both business and leisure, and this was the best find ever on trip advisor. Won't stay anywhere else when going to downtown SF.	
Dec 18 2008 	delightful home away from home	What an outstanding hotel in every way! The rooms are so beautiful, clean and comfortable, I would say they are beyond compare. The staff is thoughtful in a way that they anticipate your needs before you even think of what they are. Michael is exquisitely kind and helpful, without us even asking. That is the kind of service that pervades the hotel. Michael's associate, Eduardo, at the front desk, provided us a gorgeous upgraded room. We were stunned when we entered the suite, because Eduardo gave us the upgrade without taking credit for it. It was only when we went downstairs to thank him that it was mentioned. This gracious behavior is a trait of every employee in the hotel. The afternoon wine service was so relaxing and delicious and Julio was wonderful. Another staff member, Eduardo, fixed our internet access! I could go on and on, but most of all, the natural, unspoken kindness that is an obvious philosophy of the hotel is simply an example to all of us. I hope we have an opportunity to stay at this jewel again soon.	
Dec 11 2008 	Wonderful place to stay!	We absolutely loved our stay at the Hotel Drisco. Many years ago, I lived on Union Street down the steep hill from the hotel) and wanted to spend some time in my old neighborhood. We selected the Drisco because of its location and its excellent reviews. We were not disappointed.The staff was warm and accommodating, even calling us in advance to see if there was anything that they could do to make our stay more enjoyable. I had mentioned that this was a sentimental journey, and we were upgraded to a charming one-bedroom suite. We thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon wine and cheese and conversation with another guest. Dinner recommendations were excellent.The only downside of the hotel is that it is not convenient to Bart, however the Pacific Heights neighborhood more than makes up for this. We were able to get around using public transportation. Buses run regularly, and there were bus lines a few blocks away.	
Nov 27 2008 	Super Star Drisco	Dumfries, ScotlandOur week's stay at the Hotel Drisco at the end of October 2008 surpassed all our expectations! We were going on holiday with our son, his wife, and three &quot;wee ones&quot;, aged 5,3, and 10 months and had been delegated the task of finding a hotel suited to all our needs, a tall order! After reading Tripadvisor's rating of the hotel as No 1 in San Francisco we made a phone call, spoke to Marti on Reception, had a 2 bedroom suite recommended, followed this up with a booking which proved to be one of our best decisions ever! We adults and the children were treated with the utmost kindness. Nothing was a bother to all the staff. The standard of accommodation is excellent, but there is also a genuine warmth of welcome and a desire to ensure guests every comfort, Our son, his wife, and family are relocating in Summer 2009 to San Francisco from Edinburgh,Scotland, for two years, and it was very important that this first visit should make a favourable impression of the city. Hotel Drisco certainly was the perfect &quot;home from home&quot; for us all, particularly our 3year old grandson who, during our stay, started to call the hotel &quot;my other house&quot;! We found the stylish and most comfortable 2bedroom suite ideal for a family, as the adults had a delightful sitting room to relax in after busy days visiting schools, checking out areas to live, sightseeing, etc. The children could be peacefully sleeping in the bedrooms, necessary after transatlantic flights and a time change! Beds were superbly comfortable too!The excellent complimentary breakfasts and evening &quot;wine and cheese&quot;, and 24 coffee/tea/iced water in the elegant lounge were a bonus to our comforts. Other guests were very friendly too, contributing to the warm ambiance created by the Manager and all his first class staff.The situation is stunning with a view down to the Bay. It is a safe residential area with beautiful Pacific Heights houses to admire as you stroll in the California sunshine! Some very good restaurants within walking distance too-perhaps take a cab back for the steep hills!We hope to return to the Hotel Drisco again and again, and fully endorse its well deserved No 1 rating.	
Nov 24 2008	Charming hotel and beautiful neighborhood	We stayed at the Hotel Drisco in mid-November for 5 nights. This was our first trip to San Francisco and the staff was extremely helpful with maps and directions. We stayed in a 3rd floor suite which was very clean, spacious and comfortable. The decor of the hotel was charming - old fashioned and elegant but with all the modern necessities. It felt like we were staying in a friend's home instead of in a hotel. To my knowledge there is no air conditioning however it's likely not needed there most of the year. We simply opened the windows when needed to let in the wonderful bay breeze (the weather was in the mid to upper 70's, quite unusual we were told for that time of year - and much appreciated!!). We reserved the hotel's town car one weekday morning to go to Union Square along with another guest which was a fantastic service. The breakfast buffet was delicious (hard-boiled eggs, oatmeal, bagels, breads, croissants, fruit, meat and cheeses) and our coffee was refilled at our table each morning. We also loved the 24/7 coffee, tea and water available near the lobby , especially after a long day of sightseeing! We were able to order food delivered from &quot;Waiters on Wheels&quot; which was very convenient when we wanted to relax in our room (though our choice was an unfortunate one -Gino's Pizza was the worst I've ever had). We would probably have been much happier ordering any of the panini offered by the hotel. The Hotel Drisco is in a beautiful neighborhood (Pacific Heights) and we enjoyed walking around to see the gorgeous mansions and views of the bay. We used the nearby bus stop - only 2 or 3 blocks away - since we had purchased MUNI Passports though I recommend taking taxis to save time or walking if your destination isn't too far . (We walked to Union Street one day with no problem, then on to the Marina district and took a taxi back.) We had a rental car a couple days and parking was challenging one night but we were able to find a space only a block away. The second night we went to the same street and there were plenty of spaces available so it was really just a matter of knowing where to go. Check-out was friendly and efficient. The staff was always very helpful and courteous and we would definitely return to lovely Hotel Drisco! We absolutely loved it!	
Nov 24 2008 	Great hotel!	We loved this hotel. Although the location was not central the ambience, the helpful staff and the warm welcome made up for this. There was a city cab available every morning free of charge to take us downtown and a taxi back to the hotel was very reasonable (about $10). The room were spotless and the complimentary cheese and wine in the early evening was a lovely touch. This was altogether a hotel well worth a visit and when we go back to San Francisco we will certainly use it again.	
Nov 18 2008 	Great Neighborhood Hotel	This is a repeat visit for us. Staff is exceptional, from front desk to maid service. Better location than staying in congested area with all the street people and noise. Breakfast and evening reception made it feel like we were in someone's home. Every guest we talked with felt like the Hotel Drisco was a &quot;real find&quot;. Rooms were extremely comfortable and quiet. We are coming back. E &amp; e.	
Nov 14 2008 	Loved Everything - Staff Accommodations etc!	I traveled to SF on Oct 29, 2008 thru Nov 2, 2008 to get married. There were four of us in our party arriving early afternoon from the East coast. The staff was like no other I've experienced in my worldly travels - this staff genuinely showed care, and sincerity - which did not end at check-in. We weren't made to feel as if we were &quot;putting them out&quot; or bothering them with any requests. Our rooms were very modern, clean beyond any 5 star rating, with fresh fruit, &amp; cookies every afternoon. Included with our room was an extensive breakfast; not included with our room, and still amazed was a gift and a bottle of wine provided by the hotel staff and a card signed individually congratulating us. The location was within walking distance to shops and restaurants, and parking, which was never an issue finding a spot, was free and would have been expected to pay at surrounding hotels. Hotel Drisco met and exceeded far beyond any expectation the four of us had. As one person in our party stated, &quot;I have nothing negative to say about the hotel and staff - for me that just doesn't happen&quot;! On our next trip to SF, if Hotel Drisco is unavailable during our trip, our schedule will change to reflect availability. Exceptional!	
Nov 13 2008 	Amazing as Always	The Drisco and their staff never disappoint us. This is the only hotel we stay in when we visit our old home town. After having to cancel two previous stays due to illness we were so excited to return to our &quot;home away from home&quot;. The staff was so amazing. Marti greeted us as if we were family. We really appreciate everything she did to make our stay even more special than we could have expected. The entire staff and the general manager went the distance for us. The breakfast is perfect as is the afternoon wine and cheese. What a wonderful and elegant touch. We will return as soon as we can.	
Nov 10 2008 	As good as expected	I am often nervous when there are a few bad reviews, but I can only say our stay at the Drisco was fantastic. We were allocated a large, comfortable room on the top floor (409). It had no view, but we weren't there to look out the window anyway.We were not troubled by noise, although I would guess the rooms on the ground floor or nearer the lift may be noisier. It is a simple thing to request a higher room when making your booking.The bed was very comfortable, there is an in room safe, lots of hanging space, and a large bathroom. Tea and coffee is always available downstairs, as well as apples. Complementary water is provided the first night, but not thereafter.Housekeeping was efficient and very neat, we never had to request the room to be made up (which I have had to do in more expensive hotels), despite sometimes not vacating the room until after 2pm - the staff seemed to keep track of when we were there, and worked efficiently around us. There is a large DVD selection available at reception which we made use of, but otherwise we just used reception staff for taxi bookings really as we are fairly self sufficient. I was impressed to see how the staff dealt with all the trick or treaters that turned up on Halloween night - all charm and patience which was admirable.Wireless internet in the rooms was quick and easy to utilise. The breakfast was well laid out, and definitely what I like to eat - fresh bread, bagels, pastries, 4 types of cereal, oatmeal, cheese, cold meats, hot beverages. There were also condiments available eg mustard and mayonnaise which was a nice touch. Service was quick and efficient, tables were cleared quickly (necessary on weekends when there can be a short wait for a table), but there was never a sense of being rushed.The evening wine service was a highlight, entirely due to the utterly charming wine waiter/concierge, Julio. Julio was the friendliest most helpful person we spoke with, and his recommendations for dinner and activities were all absolutely reliable. We took a ferry to Sausalito from the Ferry Building and the number 10 bus back all at his suggestion, and it was a great day out (much better than the tours from Fisherman's Wharf as well as more reasonable). Julio was also interested in places we ate at that he had not heard of, and made note of them for future guests. He really made our stay extra special.	
Nov 6 2008 	Hit or Miss	The hotel itself is beautiful with lovely grounds and fixtures. Old style but very warm and inviting. The hotel staff were friendly, however we stayed two nights and asked 4 times for a busted light to be fixed. We left with the light still not working.Service to the rooms and in reception was good.Its totally mind blowing.	
Nov 4 2008 	A Gem	Just got around to checking this site and was surprised to read acouple of the recent uncomplimentary reviews.  Our experience in late September on our first stay at the Drisco was beyond expectations. We felt the staff's warmth and friendliness from the moment we booked our reservation directly with the front desk, and later with a courtesy call to confirm our reservation 48 hours before our arrival. It must have been then that I mentioned surprise to find them full on the weekend of my birthday (in Oct.) because how else could we have been struck speechless to find ourselves in a beautiful, sunny, view room, with a split of chilled champagne and a BD card to welcome our arrival! It only got better, with the attentive, friendly service we enjoyed throughout our stay, especially from the doorman, Bob, who had also been the person who showed us to our room on arrival.  We feel fortunate to live in the wine country and to have found a new &quot;home away from home&quot; for those three or four times a year when we spend a night in the city.  Previously we have enjoyed our stays at other JV hotels in SF as well as the Aqua and Mill Valley Inn in Mill Valley, but none has felt as inviting in all aspects as this little gem tucked away in this most beautiful, quiet location in SF.	
Nov 2 2008 	Still in Love with the Drisco	My husband and I had previously stayed at the Hotel Drisco. As a result, when we were considering where to stay during our daughter's wedding weekend, which took place at the Presidio, the Drisco was our first choice. This little jewel of a hotel is reminiscent of some of the finest family run inns found in Europe, filled with lovely furnishings and designed in the style of the early 20th century. That in itself lends it a certain romanticism that is only enhanced by the meticulously groomed homes that surround it in its Pacific Heights residential neighborhood. The staff, Elizabeth and Bob, in particular, as well as the breakfast staff, literally waited on us hand and foot. For goodness sakes, it was as if we had a private staff all our own. The suite in which our daughter stayed the night before her wedding was spacious and beautiful, with more than enough room to accommodate visitors and to provide a lovely backdrop for the photographer the day of the wedding. Frequent inquiries were made of us by the hotel staff to be certain we had everything we required during our stay. Our room was also very comfortable, and by the time we were preparing to leave, we wished we had booked a few more nights, as we had settled in and felt quite at home. Breakfast, too, was more than satisfying, and the staff was quick to offer guests a latte if they desire. Wonderful authentic croissants were hard to resist, as well. Enough cannot be said to recommend the Hotel Drisco to those who seek a place to stay in San Francisco that is refined, elegant and welcoming. We plan on returning, again and again.	
Oct 30 2008 	Disappointing	Since it was this website and all of the Hotel Drisco's rave reviews which led me to book a long weekend here, I felt it was appropriate to write a review of my own. I have to say that I was disappointed and had a less than restful stay.On the positive side, the hotel staff was very friendly. The price was reasonable when compared with big downtown hotels. And although the neighborhood is a bit out of the way, it was nice to be in a non-touristy section of town. The biggest issue I encountered was noise. Every morning, I was woken up by early-rising neighbors before 6:00 am. If I managed to get back to sleep, I heard the housekeeping staff which started as early as 8:00 am and this included vacuuming rooms with the doors wide open. Also, there is virtually no insulation between rooms so if you have neighbors who like to watch television, be prepared to hear every word.I mentioned the noise problem to the front desk and asked if perhaps there was a quieter room. They informed me that I was in a quiet corner. I think they were right, comparatively speaking. Many of the hotel rooms are located in less than desirable sections of the hotel, e.g., just off the sitting room on the main floor, on the lower level near the breakfast room or directly across from the elevator. Clearly there are many people who have had enjoyable stays at this hotel. They may have stayed in better sections of the hotel or during a less busy time.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great neighborhood hotel	I absolutely loved the area where this hotel is located. We could walk everywhere. We aren't concerned with lots of hotel amenities so this worked for us. The staff were all very friendly and accomodating. The hotel does not have AC or ceiling fans so I don't know if I would stay here in the summer. I also would not stay here with children. The styling of the hotel is clean and quaint, but it is not modern.	
Oct 29 2008 	Bad Service in parts	Booked this hotel for my anniversary. Was allocated a disabled room on the ground floor, right next to the public lounge, which was most inappropriate. When I raised this with the front desk manager I was told there were no available other rooms for us to move to despite us being the very first people to check in that day, we even had to wait till a room was free.The front desk seemed only concerned with upselling us to the suite and were completely unhelpful in any other way. My wife in tears I returned to the front desk and met with the same uncooperative attitude. Eventually I agreed to pay a discount for the upgrade.The whole experience was unpleasant and much more difficult then it needed to be. I had just come from another brand new hotel in downtown San Francisco where they couldn't do enough for you. Disco felt like a big come down. Would only recommend if you must stay in Pacific Heights. Otherwise avoid this tired hotel and it's bad customer service.	
Oct 28 2008 	STILL THE BEST IN THE CITY	We are back home from our annual trip to the Drisco. It only gets better with time. Still all the smiling helpful people waiting to serve your every need. Upon our arrival, as soon as the doorman saw we had a rental car he ran across the street. He grabbed a traffic cone that was there from a home renovation that was being done. He put it in an empty parking spot and said &quot;now, as soon as we get you situated you have a prime spot saved for your car.&quot; Now how many doorman in that city are going to do that for you? We just simply love visiting here. It is so comfortable, we never want to leave. It is the best deal in San Francisco, or the entire bay area for that matter. We left after our vist there and went to Sonoma and paid well over four hundreds a night for our room and there was just no comparison to the Hotel Drisco. We love their breakfast, it's nice and casual, you can just pick up a newspaper and make yourself at home. We enjoy their evening hour with wine also. We are walkers and we could walk to about anything we wanted to see or do. We loved the Fillmore Street area. If your going to San Francisco you are a fool if you don't stay here, it's just that simple. Our thanks to the staff at the Drisco. Hope to see you next September.	
Oct 22 2008	Wonderful hotel in fabulous neighborhood	I stayed in a deluxe king room on the top floor with a 180 degree southern view of the city from the bay window. Perfect. And the neighborhood full of zillion dollar magnificent homes on top of the hill on Pacific Avenue above the beautiful Presidio - again perfect. From the pleasant, professional and efficient staff at all levels to the varied and bountiful breakfast, I just don't know how it could have been better. Of particular note was the lovely concierge, Marti - everything a concierge should be. And not to forget Mr. Tanh who kindly moved my car as needed to avoid a parking ticket (three hour limits in that neighborhood from 9 to 6 as I recall). A little off the beaten track but that's a plus in my mind. There's a bus stop a block away and taxis are readily available. A tip from Marti led me to a terrific restaurant at 1638 Post Street called bushi-tei. It's in Japan Town across from the Japanese Center and is great. I'm a world traveler and gave it my highest rating of 10 out of 10 and went two nights in a row. French/Japanese. Be sure and have the Kobe beef appitizer and ask the owner, Mr Tak, to help you with the menu and your wine.	
Oct 21 2008 	No to Drisco	OK, I read the reviews here -- all glowing and smiles. Thought to myself, can it really be that good? After all, my beautiful wife and I were heading out to SF for our honeymoon and although I don't like the over-the-top hotel chains, I was looking for something &quot;nice&quot;. After experiencing a NASCAR type trip from the van driver thru the streets of SF, we made it and were greated warmly by Elizabeth the front desk associate. Bob (or was it Bill?) the bellman helped us with our overpacked luggage. Since we traveled most of the day to get there (we're East coast, not West), we wanted a quick bite before turning in for the night.. Bob (or is it Bill?) recommended a few places on Fillmore which more than met our needs.The next morning, we had breakfast downstairs in the dining room. A young man (name escapes me but he had a beard that needed a little help -- maybe a few more years might help) was there to assist the guests with more coffee, cleaning plates awayand generally being helpful but not intrusive.Each evening, the hotel has a wine social for an hour. It's a nice way to end the day I thought. Strange, but few guests took advantage of this social. Maybe our east coast hours made it feel later than it was? Anyway, it was a great way to end the day. And the older gentleman who was there was more than helpful -- he was entertaining as well. I never did catch his name, but ask him about his 7 week tour of America last year or his reasons for moving to the US ( he's from Central America and came here when he was 25). My wife thought he was adorable.Checking out 5 days later, both Nancy and Thahn assisted with a cordial process. So, where does the NO to Drisco come in? Simple, would I stay anywhere else if rooms are available at Drisco -- NO. Could hotel management improve customer service -- NO. Was Drisco an &quot;over-the-top&quot; hotel chain -- NO, it was truly a great experience in a wonderful neighborhood with a dedicated staff that cares about your stay. I strongly recommend the Drisco and look forward to another visit to this beautiful city where I will be staying at the Drisco.Thanks Drisco, see you in a year or two.	
Oct 20 2008 	Unworthy policy for such a hotel!!	After several emails I booked a suite at the Disco for a family of 3 adults. I had specifically asked about the pull out sofa and whether it was comfortable for an adult.On arrival, the mattress of the sofabed was a shame, It appeared to be worn out,extremely thin and uncomfortable with some iron bar sticking in your back. After having asked if something could be done about it, we got an extra blanket(lol) to cover the mattress , plus a phonecall from the front desk that we were to pay an extra 25 dollars per night for the 3rd person, because they didn't know we would be with 3!!!!!!!!!. I had the email with their confirmation of price +fact that we were a party of 3. I felt really bad.The next day Elizabeth Carr &quot;waived&quot; the 1st night, but because we got a roll-up bed ( which ruined the sittingroom)we still had to pay for 2 nights the extra 25 dollars p.n.A true 1st class hotel would have apologized for the quality of the sofabed, the fact that 1 of us had a bad 1st night and would quietly have taken care of it. I really felt let down.The room itself was spacious and nice, but the fact that it has no AC means, also in this neighbourhood, that in September you have to sleep with an open window for air and will be constantly waking up because of the noise from the street.By the way if you want to check your email it will cost you money ! Any small B&amp;B in Europe provides this service free of charge!Conclusion, the Drisco is an elegant place, but being 1 on Tripadvisor for some time has maybe made them a bit arrogant..	
Oct 18 2008 	Lovely Small Hotel	If you are looking for a hotel that is quiet and charming in an upscale neighborhood, the Hotel Drisco is it. The staff (especially Thanh) went out of their way to make my visit pleasant. Unfortunately I missed missed the evening wine reception, but the breakfast was great, along with the dining room and it's staff. The lobby living room is a nice place to sit and read with a cup of tea,coffee or an apple, which they have available at all times, along with a selection of newspapers. The hotel is not convenient to mass transportation, but the desk called a taxie for me when I needed one and it was there in just a few minutes. A nice walk will take you past fine Pacific Heights homes to shops and restaurants. I look forward to staying there again!	
Oct 17 2008 	Hotel Drisco First Time Visit-10-13 Oct08	Long Weekend visit to SF. A bit off the main path, the Drisco is located in very nice section of town with wonderful views.Cabs are plentiful. Say 15 min walk to Fillmore area. Parking easy on weekends but see how it could get problematic during weekdays Spacious Room was delightful with wonderful bed and beddings. HDTV a pleasant surprise. No air conditioning but was not a problem due to local climateBreakfast very nice with plenty of fresh fruit. Don't expect eggs and bacon, a very nice continental buffet Nightly wine reception was wonderful way to wind down, Staff and Service Impeccable. Will Stay again on next visit.	
Oct 16 2008 	Repeat experience best of the best	After three previous stays, our great expectations were at fever pitch. We were in no way disappointed. Excellence in any undertaking is always rare; consistent excellence is rarer yet. Congratulations to the entire management and staff.J&amp;M D, McLean, VA	
Oct 10 2008 	Wonderful!	Hotel Drisco was wonderful! My boyfriend and I stayed there for 3 nights in late August, and had a great time. The location is great! You do not feel like a total tourist. Sure it is a smaller, more intimate hotel, but you feel very special staying here. Everyone at Drisco was incredibly nice and helpful; they offer excellent and sincere service.Take advantage of wine/cheese hour; it is delicious and Julio is the best host! Thanks Hotel Drisco for a fabulous stay and we will definitely return.	
Oct 10 2008 	A second home to us	When we visit San Francisco we always stay at Hotel Drisco. Unless of course it is fully booked. It is in prime real estate area that is surrounded by houses. So it is off of the beaten path. The hotel staff are great and gracious, the rooms large and well appointed. Their is a breakfast included with the price of the room that is in a quiet , lovely room. The food offered is wonderful and fresh and healthy, with the right choices. We walk or cab to all of the places that we want to go to see so it is very well situated in the city. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. We have been going there for about 12 years and have never been disappointed. Often they upgrade our room for the cost of the old room. And you can't beat that. It is the best, sort of a home away from home for us.	
Oct 9 2008 	given Drisco's top rating I feel it's okay to be a little nit-picking on a few p	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Drisco last month -Sept 08- our first visit to San Francisco. We selected the hotel largely because of its top Tripadvisor rating and excellent reviews. On the whole we were not disappointed - I would be happy to stay there again - the rooms are good, the neighbourhood very up market (a 10 minute brisk walk to shops restaurants etc.) and the hotel staff extremely pleasant and helpful. However given Drisco's current top rating on tripadvisor, which influences decisions, I feel it's okay to be a little nit-picking on a few points:Breakfast - rather disappointing - almost no fresh fruit (apart from a boring bowl of apples, bananas and oranges) Overall ambiance - the decor throughout the hotel is restrained and tasteful, and generally for an old building, it is well maintained. However it is all rather bland and hotel-like, and creates an atmosphere that is impersonal and stiff. The primness of the breakfast room for example, where very, very subdued generic orchestral music accompanies breakfast, drove the couple at the table next to ours to hold their conversation in whispers!So while Hotel Drisco serves what is probably its target market - middle-class, middle-age middle-everything - very well, it is definitely not the place for non-conformity - though in my opinion that is just what it lacks.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Hotel-but no A/C	This hotel was absolutely lovely. The hotel staff were extremely accomodating and helpful. The continental breakfast was more than we expected--croissants, bagels, cereal, fresh fruit, dried fruit, yogart, oatmeal, hard boiled eggs, juice, coffee, tea, etc. The nightly wine tasting was also exceptional with appetizers and a choice of wines. However, we were not aware that the hotel does not have A/C prior to booking the trip. It was okay since we were there when the weather was mild--however, I dont know I would necessarily stay there during the summer--especially if you are sensitve to heat.	
Oct 5 2008 	Number one? You bet	Reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, we contacted the Drisco and booked a triple room for my husband, my elderly mother and myself. Although we were kindly warned by the staff that the room was too small to comfortably accomdate three people, we were pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, with the most comfortable beds we had ever tried, a huge bathroom, and all the possible amenities. The staff is extremely gracious and ready to help with suggestions for places to go shopping or dining, the best transportation options, and even doing the booking on your behalf. There is nothing they do not go out of their way williningly to do for their guests. I have to single out Bob, with his warm friendly attitude, big smile and exhaustive knowledge of the neighborhood and extreme kindness to my elderly mother; the well read Julio and the extremely cooperative Tan. The hotel is in a lovely picturesque neighborhood with several options for dining and shopping - even just walking up and down the streets - although steep - is a pure joy. The hotel provides a filling breakfast with plenty of options that keep you satisfied easily through lunch and also offers a wine and cheese hour by which you can easily skip lunch simply have only dinner. Coffee is available 24/7; even at 3 in the morning, you can count on freshly brewed coffee in the lobby.If you are going to Frisco, there is no other place to stay. Don't look beyond the Drisco!	
Sep 25 2008 	Adored the Drisco	Be certain to check your confirmation. When I received our confirmation, the hotel had only booked one of the two nights, then had sold out the second night and we were put on a waiting list to eventually get it all straightened out. Thank goodness because this hotel is a treat! The location is at the very top of the hills in Pacific Heights. It is a CLIMB up and down to wherever you go on foot, although we considered this a plus. The rooms are as lovely as the photos depict, although our sink was cracked in half and there are stains on the sofa and chair in sitting room. We had room 304A, which had views of the ocean, city, and neighborhood...perfect. Breakfast is more European style and plentiful. The wine and cheese hour is a highlight and we met so many other interesting guests. The service is attentive and helpful. I would think this may not be a choice for those who want to be in the thick of the tourist attractions, which is another good reason to chose this hotel. Rather, an elegant, quiet retreat. For runners, go down Broderick to the Marine front, turn right and run through Fisherman's Wharf to Bay Bridge in the early morning, or turn left and run to and across the Golden Gate Bridge. Cafe Maritime was close by and very good seafood.	
Sep 21 2008	Perfect Stay	We, my Husband and I, stayed here from 3 to 9th September as the first stop before travelling down the PCH. We chose this hotel after reading reviews on TA and were not disappointed in any way. This was our first visit to SF and whilst the hotel may not be convenient for downtown sightseeing/shopping it is well placed for other places of interest. Also, as has been mentioned many times before, the neighbourhood in which it is located is beautiful and fun to explore (be sure to go to the bottom of Lyon Steps where you may be lucky enough, as we were, to meet a friendly native who knows much of the area and is keen to share his knowledge!). There is a towncar service to reach the downtown area so this shouldn't be too much of a problem.Check-in was efficient (Marti was so friendly) and we were made to feel at home immediately. On reaching our room, assisted by the charming Thanh (apologies if the spelling is incorrect) we discovered a bottle of champagne on ice and a lovely card congratulating us as this trip was in celebration of our 30th Wedding Anniversary - we were thrilled after a long flight and the &quot;Schramsberg&quot; was very welcome. The room was beautiful and spacious (not a suite) tastefully decorated and furnished - not at all what we would usually have chosen (modern and minimal!) and so we were surprised (pleasantly) how much we liked it. We were also delighted to have a great view from our window - not of the bay but facing in the opposite direction but still a great view and just what we had hoped for.The breakfast selection was great - same each day, fresh and nicely presented. I would only have two reservations - the toaster took an age to toast and the music, lovely thought it was (classical) was a little loud first thing in the morning. The evening wine reception was good too with nibbles and candles on the tables and a plate of snacks bought to the table by a gentleman whose name I'm afraid I don't know - he also topped up our glasses if required.Other touches like the turn-down each evening and the fresh iced water and cookies bought to the room were also welcome on our return after a hard days &quot;hill climbing!&quot;. All staff we encountered were courteous and friendly.I would love to visit here again in the future and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.	
Sep 18 2008 	Hidden gem in the Heights	Hotel Drisco is far enough from town to unwind after hiking the hills of San Fran but close enough to grab a cab into town which Bob the Bellman was excellent at providing! The rooms are clean and spacious with great views from the 4th floor. Breakfast was disappointing and a little more investment in great produce needed. The free cheese and wine reception in the evening is a great idea as the hotel does not have a bar and the snacks provided were lovely. We would really recommend the Drisco for its friendly staff, lovely rooms and great location in the prettiest part of town.	
Sep 14 2008 	The Hotel Drisco topped all our expectations!	Bolton, EnglandWe have just returned from our first trip to California, which incorporated two visits to the Hotel Drisco. Having seen all the fantastic reviews we felt quite secure with our booking and were pleasantly surprised to find that the Hotel and Staff exceeded all expectations!We received a very warm welcome on arrival and had a beautiful room. Bob was extremely helpful with providing us with a map and highlighting various useful items, which was a nice touch when in a new city.The furnishings were all beautiful and we couldn't fault anything, from the lovely oak floorboards throughout the hotel, to the lovely crisp bedding.Every evening the Hotel holds a complimentary wine reception which was a lovely start to the evening and gave a chance to meet other guests. This is hosted by Julio, who has a fantastic knowledge of San Francisco and was able to help us with many of our arrangements. We spent a week touring the area then returned to the Hotel Drisco for the final few days of our holiday. It was lovely to return and we were given such a warm welcome it really felt like coming home! (We had also been upgraded to a Junior Suite which was an added bonus!) The front of house staff were all excellent and very professional, in particular Michael who helped us with a missing bag at the beginning of our stay and for whom nothing was ever too much trouble.The position of the Hotel is great - probably the best in the City, surrounded by fantastic houses and very peaceful. It is a lovely walk down into the City and very easy to get around / back up the hills using either taxis or the local bus system, which we found to be excellent.We wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Hotel Drisco to anyone looking for a classic, beautiful place to experience San Francisco.	
Sep 11 2008 	Could all those positive reviews be right??? You bet...	We had read all the lovely reviews of this hotel and couldn't wait to stay at Hotel Drisco. After a few days in wine country, we were exhausted and got to the hotel around 6. We checked in and immediately offered warm towels. So fancy! Now this is a boutique hotel and it is in an old building. But it is so charming and nice. When you walk into the room and see the beautiful white linens on the bed and everything is clean you know you are staying at a really nice place. Michael the concierge at night was very helpful in helping us figure out where to go that night and gave us maps and called us a cab! We stayed there 2 nights and had breakfast both mornings, such a nice spread of pastrys, cereals, fruit, juice, hard boiled eggs, cheese and ham, it was fabulous! The first morning we were going to meet downtown for a tour of SF and we had a cab called. It didn't come after about 25 minutes and we were starting to cut it close to get on the bus. The concierge (I forgot her name...) talked to the driver of the towncar and without hesitation he drove us down to the pier to our tour for the same price as a cab. It was a lifesaver..we would have missed our tour!! Everyone goes out of their way to make you feel really important and welcomed. And the neighborhood. Absolutely amazing. Some of the nicest homes are in their district and although hilly, we walked around and admired these old Victorian mansions. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 9 2008 	Fantastic boutique hotel	Fantaastic boutique hotel located close to the Persido and a short distance from downtown SF and the Fisherman's Warf. Quite hotel with a very professional staff that was very anxious to please. Rooms, although small, were extremely comfortable and up to date furnishings wise. Room views were not spectacular however if you choose a &quot;room with a view&quot; you can have a beautiful view of Alcatraz Island and the Golden Gate Bridge. One great thing about the hotel is that our party of 7 arrived at different times ranging from 10:00 am till 2:00 pm we all had rooms ready for occupancy. What a great experience considering most times you have to store your luggage and hang around until a room is ready. This site served our purposes very well and a short distance to very excellent restaurants. This hotel gets a 5 star in my book.	
Sep 1 2008 	Like coming home to a retreat	Our family just completed our second stay at the Hotel Drisco and it was every bit as wonderful as we remembered it from a year ago. At the end of a long day in the city, I felt as if I was coming home to a luxurious yet relaxed retreat. The rooms are spacious, beautifully decorated and appointed, clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful, often times giving us directions, calling a taxi for us, or recommending restaurants. And the complimentary breakfast is not only fresh and healthy, it is presented in a very relaxing setting. I plan to return to the Hotel Drisco whenever I'm in San Francisco and wouldn't hesitate recommending it as a place for others to stay.	
Aug 31 2008 	Why so highly rated??	After reading all the stellar reviews, my wife and I were thrilled we found a room at the Drisco on short notice for a couple of nights in August. We were on vacation in the bay area looking for a nice place to stay in San Fran before we headed to Sonoma for a few days.We've stayed in several very good SF hotels in the past, and based on the high tripadvisor rating I guess we were expecting a lot, but this hotel was a BIG dissapointment. It was OK at best.Very helpful doorman (not so much for the snooty front desk guy... seemed like new part-time staff). Rooms a bit cramped and LOTS of noise from creaking pipes, floorboards, and adjacent rooms. Also very cold since our in room radiator didn't seem to work despite someone coming to fix it... had to call for an extra electric heater. Mind you we had a discounted rate and probably got a poor room as a result(??). Breakfast was included and although we had trouble finding a seat, the meal was very good.Bottom line is that this is an older property in a very residential neighborhood without a lot of amenities. Decent lodging for the price, but my wife and I can't comprehend why it ranks so highly. We're a bit baffled.We didn't stay here the next weekend on our way home and we will not stay here when we return to SF in the spring. Again, not a bad hotel, but it simply doesn't seem to fit a top pick for SF, a city with so many fabulous hotels. We're thinking maybe top 100 would be more accurate. I can't emphasize enough how confused we are by the high ratings this property receives.	
Aug 19 2008 	It's a wonderful world	I have family living in the Presidio, and they booked our room at the Drisco, one of two Joie de Vivre hotels in the area where we stayed. Both were very nice, but the Drisco was like a large, comfortable, well maintained home. The setting is residential, and gorgeous, and the ambiance was just wonderful. I will look for reasons to return and stay here again.	
Aug 13 2008 	Loved the Drisco	We just returned from a four night stay at this lovely boutique hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed staying in the Pacific Heights area, amongst mansions and away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Street parking was readily available - much better than paying the astronomical parking rates at the downtown hotels.The staff was very friendly, helpful, and responsive to all of our requests.Our family had three rooms - two of the rooms were on the lower level and worked well for our adult children and their toddlers. Their rooms were quite large. Our only caveat is to avoid Room 109. We were given that room, which was very large, but it turned out to be too noisy for us since it was off of the main hall, very close to reception, and we were kept awake by conversations of lots of people returning to the hotel in the late late evening. The following morning, we requested a change of room to a quieter location. This request was accommodated quickly and pleasantly. Our luggage was moved to the new room for us. We loved the second room, even though it was smaller than our original room. The beds were very comfortable, and the rooms nicely laid out - with lots of mirrors and good lighting. The expanded continental breakfast was excellent. It included oatmeal, cold cuts, cheeses, pastries, breads, and fresh orange juice. The coffee was excellent.In the evening, wine was available in the dining room. We were only able to take advantage of this on one evening, but we found that the wines served were very good.We highly recommend this boutique hotel, and will stay here again the next time that we decide to stay in San Francisco.	
Aug 13 2008	Elegance with quality service in a wonderful locale	We recently enjoyed 3 nights in a suite at Hotel Drisco in San Francisco. A wonderful all round experience with a quiet boutique hotel with traditional friendly services and quality rooms and amenities. Located in Pacific Heights an exclusive upmarket quiet inner suburban locale with all facilities as required and first class self service buffet breakfast..We found the staff courteous friendly and prepared to go the extra mile to assist. The ability to ride their town car limo service into the CBD each morning was a real plus.We were initially concerned as to no undercover parking, but there was plenty of readily available street parking and the staff moved the car as needed during the day. Access to the city was very easy and taxi fare cost $10.00 approx. to downtown.We travel widely in USA and Europe staying at a mix of 5 star hotels and suites. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel Drisco and will return on future visits and are pleased to provide this summary and recommendation.It is not the marble and glitz of some of the major chains but it is high quality personal service in a boutique hotel in an enjoyable location slightly out of the central business district.	
Aug 11 2008 	The BEST boutique hotel ever!	Just returned from the most wonderful week vacation in SF, where we stayed at this hotel. Where to start--first, this is a first-rate small boutique hotel, located in the most beautiful and safe section of SF-Pacific Heights. We walked everywhere--and if walking up and down hills is too difficult, the Muni bus system is fantastic, inexpensive, and easily accessible. NO NEED for cabs ever, unless you have difficulty walking downhill to bus. If so, one can be gotten very easily by hotel---and I recommend you book their town car to &amp; from airport. It is a flat rate and a 30 minute drive. Our room was beautifully appointed, w/the most delicious smelling lotions, etc. Every employee was exceptionally polite and attentive w/o being pretentious. Bob, the Doorman, guided us to the most exquisuite mansions in our area, and greeted us upon our daily returns--very impressed with our lengthy walks throughout SF. The Concierges took care of all our needs and offered recommendations, including personalized guides as desired. Julio, the evening wine and cheese server, was most wonderul. He always suggested the excellent dinner spots, refilled our glasses, offered hot appetizers, and on our last day, served some of the most delicious mango cheddar cheese imagined--with a great story behind it. Romeo served our morning cappacino's just the way I liked it--skim milk in a tall cup and refilled it with most graciously after my husband spilled it! The morning buffet is delicious. Once, when we needed some attention to a bathroom appliance, w/i seconds, someone appeared and was fully gracious and accommodating. The housekeeping staff served fresh ice cubes and cookies each evening. Do we ever miss this place--and San Francisco!! Trust me when I say this is THE place--and I am a difficult person to please hotel-wise. Also, we recommend the Slanted Door Vietnamese restaurant in the Ferry Building. Go early--hungry--you will be glad you did! We also adored Ploof, in the Beldin Alley in the Financial District--very Parisian with fabulous mussels. Lupa in the Noe Valley and A16 on Chestnut were wonderful Italian restaurants. Nothing was too expensive. Plus there are literally hundreds of tiny gems around the city to eat at--and we did our share. Loved Union, Sacramento, and Upper Fillmore for shopping. The upper Fillmore was our favorite nightspot as well--a very happening place and we enjoyed an inexpensive drink at Grove many an evening. Reminds us of our favorite SoHo neighborhood lounge. Walk over Russian Hill-soooo gorgeous--walk Macaundry Alley between Union and Green on Jones--indescribable. Of course there is Golden Gate, the Embarcadero, the Mission, SOMA, Fisherman's Wharf, etc. Warning--you absolutely NEED advance tix to Alcatraz! Take a ferry to Sausalito! Okay, I am done--I will be back, and yes, we will 100% stay at the Hotel Drisco!	
Aug 4 2008 	Just OK	My husband and I just returned from a quick overnight at the Hotel Drisco and were pretty disappointed. The raves the hotel received led us to believe we were in for a treat. Here's our recap:On the plus side: there was avery friendly bellman, it's a quiet neighborhood in a central location, there were comfy beds and a nice continental breakfast.But be warned this is a much older, conservative crowd (im in my 20s and my husband is in his 30s) We were in the basement and the noise didn't stop all day, plus the mornings were a drag with everyone coming down for breakfast. Also, our room was TINY. I believe we were in a deluxe queen and it was really small. Maybe you have a better time at this hotel if you are a business traveler or an older couple with a really great suite. But we were pretty disappointed.	
Jul 28 2008 	Perfect Stay at the Drisco	We stayed at the Hotel Drisco for 4 nights in late June 2008 as part of a 2 week tour of New York, San Francisco &amp; Vegas. It was without doubt one of the finest hotels we've ever stayed at - it is located in a beautiful neighbourhood surrounded by amazing houses that would put Beverley Hills to shame !The hotel itself is a boutique style and this works wonderfully in it's favour - far too many chain hotels treat you as a number. At the Drisco the personal touch offered by the staff made us feel at home from the moment we walked through the door.A special mention must go to Bob, the concierge and general San Francisco expert, who greeted us like long lost friends and gave us a guided tour of the amenities of the hotel when we arrived. He was excellent in recommending restaurants, and also suggested suitable walks of the local area to ensure we got the very best out of our stay.The rooms were very nice and were very luxuriously furnished (we wanted to bring the extremely comfortable bed back to the UK with us!!)Location wise you are about a 10 minute walk from Fillmore street where there are lots of nice places to eat and drink as well as some unusual but interesting shops. A little bit further along is the California street cable car stop where you can easily get around the city (it's also cool hanging onto the side of the cable cars and surfing the streets of San Francisco !!)Back to the hotel.... There is a lovely sitting room where complimentary fresh tea and coffee is available throughout the day and night and offers a nice informal environment in which to chat to some of your fellow guests (hello to the Floridatravellers!)The hotel also offers a complimentary wine reception each evening - although sadly, we didn't get the opportunity to sample this as we were so busy out exploring the sights of San Francisco!!In summary a great hotel, in a lovely location with staff that will really go the extra mile to make everything perfect !! We will definitely be returning.	
Jul 24 2008 	Hotel Drisco is "World Class"	It doesn't get better than this! The Hotel Drisco is located in Pacific Heights with views that are breath-taking. My three children were with me (ages 28, 26 &amp; 12) &amp; they agreed that the Hotel Drisco is the nicest hotel they've stayed in worldwide. The staff is at your beckon call! We will return to only the Hotel Drisco whenever we are in San Francisco.	
Jul 23 2008 	The Best Accommodation 	From the initial phonecall to the final farewell, my every experience with this property and the staff was exceptional. Elegantly and tastefully decorated, without being over the top, the rooms were very comfortable. There were many thoughtful extras - bathrobes and slippers, daily newspaper, jug of iced water, bed turned down daily - all complimentary. The communal sitting room was a very pleasant and relaxing place to spend time - with newspapers, water, tea and coffee supplied, again complimentary. Hotel Drisco is located in a lovely area, with easy access to downtown San Francisco.Breakfast choices were varied, and the food was delicious.The service was discreet and unobtrusive. Staff were thoughtful, considerate, and exemplary in their service and knowledge. It was a personal, friendly, warm, environment, where one felt genuinely welcomed and cared for. In fact, whilst the Hotel Drisco building and location cannot be faulted, it is the staff that distinguishes this lovely property from others (and I'd particularly like to acknowledge Bob and Marti). I wouldn't choose anywhere else, ever, to stay in San Francisco.	
Jul 17 2008 	Great Hotel	We recently visited the US for our honeymoon and stayed at the Hotel Drisco and I really can't fault this hotel in any way. The staff were lovely, helpful and friendly. The room was fantastic and they even put a complimentary bottle of wine in our room as a gift for our honeymoon (nice touch). We had an extra night in San Fransico at the end of our trip so rebooked at this hotel. The second room was again lovely, however the walls were a little thin, but to be honest it didn't bother us at all and I can't speak highly enough about this hotel. Every morning there was a complimentary basic breakfast (which was everything we wanted, cereal, pastries, coffee, tea, juice, toast etc) in the sitting room and in the evenings they had complimentary wine and cheese, and it was good! The Hotel itself is situated in Pacific Heights which in my opinion is nicest area of San Fransico but it is a $5-$10 taxi ride from Fishermans Wharf etc - however the hotel is in walking distance of some awesome resteraunts &amp; the area is very safe and and is really a tourist attraction itself. The Hotel will also organise for Resteraunt delivery if you require it. On the last day, they arranged for late check out because we didn't have to go to the airport until later, they also arranged a town car to pick us up and whilst we were waiting for the town car we sat in the waiting area.... Which was fully equiped with biscuits, newpapers, tea, coffee and some really comfortable chairs. To sum up - Thank you for being so wonderful, I can not reccommend this hotel enough &amp; to be honest if it is available your crazy if you don't book it. Out of all the hotels in America it was our favourite.	
Jul 3 2008 	A wonderful experience!	A friend recommended the Hotel Drisco to us during our stay in San Francisco. We could not have been happier with our accommodations. From the moment we checked in to our departure four days later, we were impressed with the service. From the suggestions of local restaurants to directions to various sights, the staff was extremely helpful. Bob at the front desk went above and beyond in making sure our stay was enjoyable. Not only was the location of the hotel wonderful, but all the extra amenities added to the pleasure of our stay. The Hotel Drisco is a place we would highly recommend to our family and friends, and we will definitely be returning soon. Dennis and Trish Rodrigues, Cooper City, Florida	
Jul 1 2008	What a Nice Hotel!	Over from the the UK for a wedding. Large room with lovely view over the city. Away from the racket of downtown but within easy bus or taxi range. Local shops and restaurants about 15 mins walk away. Staff extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Had a great time.	
Jun 30 2008 	Wonderful hotel with superb service and fabulous location	This is a wonderful place to stay in San Francisco. Pacific Heights is a beautiful area, very safe and it's an experience just to walk around and see the amazing homes.It is a fair distance from the main tourist sights but we loved walking around, even with the steep hills! We were very glad not to be staying in downtown and to retire to our lovely neighbourhood.From the moment we arrived, the staff could not do enough. Our room was prepared early. We were very happy to be upgraded to a suite as it was our honeymoon and on our first night the bed had been decorated with petals - a nice touch.There are plenty of parking spaces around. There are signs saying it is three hour parking but the staff were more than happy to take our keys and move the car if needs be.The breakfast is perfectly adequate. The room we stayed in was tasteful and classic in its design as was the rest of the hotel that we saw. Hard to find any fault with this hotel.	
Jun 28 2008 	Hidden Gem in Pacific Heights!!	We just returned from a 4 day visit in San Francisco, for our anniversary and enjoyed our stay at Hotel Drisco immensely!! It's a small but charming hotel in posh Pacific Heights, that's elegant, quiet, comfortable and reasonable. We chose HD based on TripAdvisor &amp; Frommer guide reviews, booked directly with the hotel, got 4-star amenities: robes, slippers, LAVISH products, friendly, professional staff &amp; conciege, daily paper, turndown service, daily breakfast &amp; evening wine reception. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but they have limited room service(delicious paninni sandwiches) and an Order In service with decent selection, prices for the one night we stayed in. Local dining, shopping and buses are just walking distance away. And if we needed take a cab, a quick call to front desk and we had one within 5-10min! The hotel has a town car service, which provides transportation to &amp; from the airport (fee added) AND complimentary daily service to downtown from 7:30-9:30am, M-F. Otherwise, parking is hard to find. (Not a problem, as we did not drive!) Beds are very comfy, decor is elegant, understated vintage. We had corner room, 406B, deluxe king and slept well every night, it was so quiet! The hotel provides several handy guides for walking tours, shopping, dining tips, which we used and staff's recommendations for local eateres: Ella's, Crepevine, Osteria Forno were excellent. We will definitely stay at Hotel Drisco again and highly recommend it for anyone seeking a tasteful, friendly, reasonable change of pace from typical chain hotels in San Francisco!	
Jun 24 2008 	Beyond our Expectations-Hotel Drisco	My wife and I have lived in California for forty years and have stayed in many different Hotels in San Francisco during that time. We wanted a special place in San Francisco to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary . We found it at Hotel Drisco, a smaller hotel located in the beautiful Pacific Heights section of San Francisco. Do not let small fool you. This is a Hotel run , at all levels, by people who care about your stay with them. The Hotel has a very comforting and welcoming sense of elegance and sophistication. All the employees were hospitable, warm, friendly, and helpful with restaurant recommendations, restaurant reservations, parking, directions, luggage, and room accomodations .HOTEL DRISCO will be our home away from home when in San Fransisco. Can't wait!	
Jun 12 2008 	Great Location	When we travel to San Francisco, we usually stay in Union Square. This past time we thought we would stay away from the crowded streets and find more of a neighborhood hotel. The Hotel Drisco is what we found and are so happy that we did. Our stay was very pleasant from the time we arrived till we left. It was a record breaking heat wave when we arrived and the front desk greeted us with wet towels to refresh ourselves. We were early, but they were very nice in accommodating us. The breakfast was more than ample and the wine in the afternoon such a nice treat. The front desk was very helpful and always friendly as was all the staff. The neighborhood is very hilly but we love to walk and found it to be a good workout as well as a beautiful area to explore. You are walking distance from Fillmore and Union Streets with their restaurants and boutiques. The hotel is also walking distance to The Presidio where you can walk down to Crissy Field. My concern was the fact that they had no parking garage, but the staff assured me there would be plenty of parking and I never had trouble finding a space next to the hotel. We will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Wonderful!	This one is not to be missed! Everything about this hotel is wonderful. The decor, the bedding, the staff, all amazing.It's in one of the nicest neighborhoods in SFO, and is just a ten minute bus ride from everything. I know, I don't usually ride buses either, but in SFO they're great.The restaurant recommendations were perfect, and within walking distance of the hotel.If you're going to be in SFO, you owe it to yourself to try the Drisco.	
May 31 2008 	Loved the Hotel Drisco	I recently stayed at the hotel for 3 nights arriving after a 13 hour flight from Australia.I found the service to be top notch at this hotel with lovely friendly staff. Marti and Bobby and Elizabeth are a credit to the hotel. I liked the room and loved the posh Pacific Heights area. As a single woman travelling alone this is a very safe great area handy [by car or short cab] to Marina restaurants, the restaurants and cafes of Union Street and the restaurants on Fillmore Street. The one thing I have to mention is that you really need a car if you are staying at this hotel [or be prepared to catch cabs] as there are no shops or restaurants within an easy walk and the hotel is in a very hilly area. However parking is easy and plentiful on the street so it is no problem hiring a car and parking near the hotel. I just hired a car and was perfectly happy at the Drisco.I am a light sleeper and was able to sleep easily in this hotel. From time to time I would be conscious of a slight noise but it did not affect my sleep. Also I had no problem whatsoever with the water temperature in the shower - it was great. I had always intended to move to a hotel in the San Francisco CBD after 3 nights here as I had things to do in the city. I really enjoyed the Drisco and would recommend it to my friends with the proviso that they hire a car to get around which, to be honest, you should be doing in San Francisco anyway to really see everything e.g. Parks, driving across Golden Gate Bridge etc.	
May 28 2008 	Fabulous European Style Hotel in San Francisco	European visitors, or US travelers who have been to Europe will feel right at home in San Francisco's Hotel Drisco; this hotel has a real European feel to it, from the delightfully vintage hardwood floors in the lobby, to the bountiful (and included) breakfast buffet. My partner and I booked two nights at the Drisco for a quick break over the Memorial Day weekend, and completely enjoyed our stay. The room was small (again, think hotels in Paris or London) but well appointed and the bathroom was pretty and clean with some additional amenities that I wish every hotel would offer, such as a toothbrush and toothpaste for purchase if you forgot yours, and some bath salts and shaving kits. The staff from bell hop to front desk was unfailingly nice and polite which made staying here a real pleasure; additionally the hotel adds some choice &quot;extras&quot; such as a complimentary wine and cheese reception from 5-7PM, which was very pleasant. They also have a very small gym which though small, has well maintained machines. The only reason I could suggest for passing on this hotel would be if you had never visited San Francisco before and had a very limited amount of time there (for example 24-48 hours) and that is only because of the location, which is not close to any major tourist attractions (Fisherman's Wharf for example) though it is somewhat close to the Palace of Fine Arts. My partner and I found plenty to do close by and were able to take a quick cab ride to Golden Gate Park for a trip to the De Young Museum. Other then that, this is just a wonderful hotel all around.	
May 24 2008 	Bring on the heat wave - Hotel Drisco does not disappoint!	The last 3 nights of our anniversary trip were spent at the delightful Hotel Drisco. The neighborhood of Pacific Heights is lovely &amp; I cannot say enough about the wonderful, accomodating staff at this hotel.  Everyone was friendly, while remaining very professional. Some of the people who really went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable were: Elizabeth, at the front desk, who provided great dining recommendations, a complimentary brochure for a self-tour of Pacific Heights &amp; many other helps to us, the concierge, Marti who is one of the most gracious people I've ever encountered working in the industry &amp; who gave us some great suggestions (we loved Fillmore St, Marti &amp; the great shops &amp; restaurants!), &amp; two bellmen, the day person, who was a very industrious, ever-present man whose name escapes me (he is an Asian man, smaller in stature) &amp; who seemed to anticipate our every need both with luggage &amp; parking. Also, Bobby, the evening person, who was a beam of sunshine whenever we saw him &amp; so helpful. The housekeeping staff should be commended for their excellent attention to detail &amp; thank you especially to whoever made up our room for our arrival. It was so welcoming! There was the bottle of sparkling wine on ice (which was rather melted due to our very late arrival!), a bucket of ice (again which had melted, however, it was very thoughtful &amp; was promptly refilled when we checked in by the gentleman helping us with our luggage), the robes laid out on the bed &amp; slippers on the floor, the welcome card. &amp; a dish of fresh fruit which was refreshed daily. What a great introduction!The staff that attended the dining room for breakfast &amp; the wine/cheese hour are equally to be commended; we'd especially like to recognize the man who worked the evenings we were there who really went out of his way to provide for us. Even though we'd arrive a bit close to 7 pm, he always made certain we had what we needed &amp; we never felt rushed. Also the breakfast selections we thought excellent contrary to a previous post - there were hot &amp; cold cereals, all types of breads including french bread, yogurt, cottage cheese, hard cooked eggs, yummy ham, turkey, two types of cheese (I enjoy this type of European fare for breakfast), an assortment of fresh fruit, juices, milk, coffee, pastries, etc. - more than adequate!We stayed in a 2 room suite which was spacious, with great city views &amp; loved being able to open the windows; street noise was minimal to non-existant! A fan was provided upon request &amp; we had great air circulation &amp; it seriously did not feel that it was as hot as it was (100 degrees on 5/15!). Nighttime it cooled off considerably; we actually felt a bit chilly when we walked to dinner that night ~ 8:30 pm with the breeze. Thank you, Elizabeth for the dining recommendations - we really enjoyed both Osteria &amp; Cafe Maritime.Ok, now just a brief note about what detracted from our stay a bit. When I made our reservation back in December 2007, I had specifically requested an upper level room in a quiet area because I am a very light sleeper. I know that they did try to fulfill the quiet area request &amp; that our arrival was late (we did call ahead to let them know), but we were placed in a suite on the second floor (the hotel is 4 floors). I asked the desk person when we checked in (I think it was ~ 10:30 pm) if we could be on a higher level &amp; he was rather dismissive &amp; curt, stating that there were no other rooms available &amp; the hotel was full. I was perturbed, because with our two other accomodations for this trip, we were assigned to a specific room ahead of time so I was assured that there was no one above us. Before 6 am the next morning, the noise started above us (we'd gone to sleep after midnight) &amp; I later learned that the people had checked out that day. I realize that they needed to get ready to leave, but I could not go back to sleep as noise continued for a couple of hours. Elizabeth kindly had us moved to the room above us later that day (third floor), but there was still nothing available on the fourth floor. After going to sleep that night about midnight, I was awoken during the night for about 30 minutes to an hour with what sounded like people moving furniture around above us; when it stopped, I was able to go back to sleep with no further incidents. I guess my point is - an earlier review had stated that they were assigned to room 406 A (a suite). Knowing my requests from 5 months prior, it seemed to me that we should have been assigned to a similar higher level room. Although the hotel was a favorite for me on this trip, sleeping was the most difficult for me here. Also, we did have to call to the front desk as there was someone (staff or guest) smoking in the courtyard &amp; the smell of cigarette smoke wafted up through our windows into our room. After speaking with Bob or Bobby, the problem was resolved.My husband wished there was a fan in the bathroom to combat moisture &amp; I wished for softer toilet paper (ok, so I'm a fan of Charmin!), but other than that &amp; the aforementioned overhead noise, we were very happy here &amp; would gladly stay here again &amp; recommend this hotel to our family &amp; friends!	
May 22 2008	Drisco has unbeatable service	I found almost everything about the Hotel Drisco excellent. It will become my hotel-of-choice in San Francisco. (I usually stay at the Mandarin Oriental.) I was wary about the lack of parking but had no trouble finding a spot on the street whenever I needed it. I'm writing this review (my first ever) to let people know about the wonderful service I received: When I got home, I realized I had forgotten my travel alarm clock on the bedside table. I immediately called, the clock was located, and two days later it arrived by priority mail. Little things and big things---the Hotel Drisco has it all.	
May 15 2008 	as described	The hotel is as described on this site. I got a less expensive room at a good rate so the room size and location reflected that. I don't think it's the best hotel in San Francisco, but it did meet my needs for location and price. My daughter and I noticed there were several mother/daughters at breakfast so it is a comfortable hotel for women traveling alone. My only complaint would be that I forgot to print directions and when I called the hotel for directions the person answering the phone couldn't help me because the route from Los Angeles wasn't familiar to her. Most hotels have printed directions from various routes for the people answering the phone to read aloud to drivers.	
Apr 29 2008 	Charming and Peaceful SF Retreat	Stayed here last weekend for my husband's birthday. I was eager to check this place out given the very high ratings on TripAdvisor. Overall, Hotel Drisco did not disappoint. It has old world elegance minus the stuffiness found in some old world hotels. The staff was extremely accomodating and pleasant without seeming overbearing. The location is lovely...on a very quiet, upscale street in Pacific Heights. Our bed was very comfy, sheets soft. Like other previous reviewers, we were stunned at the fact that we were not once awoken by street noise. Honestly, it felt as if we were staying at a hotel in the countryside rather than in the middle of SF. It was that quiet!While this was a lovely hotel...I wouldn't rank it as one of the top places I've ever stayed. * I tend to prefer more modern decor and a slightly more casual environment. * I also like to know if I happen to be hungry &quot;after hours,&quot; I can get food delivered to my room instead of prowling the streets looking for a late-night takeout joint. * Our morning shower was unfortunately tepid which does tend to put a negative spin on the day (at least for me). * And I can't say I was that blown away by the continental breakfast--yes, it was good but I personally didn't find it to be anything out of the ordinary (aside from the delicious fresh squeezed OJ).That said, I most certainly would stay here again and we will be recommending this hotel to my in-laws who travel out twice a year from Ireland to visit. I imagine this hotel would most appeal to Europeans and older folks...or anyone craving a peaceful haven in the middle of a very busy city.	
Apr 26 2008	Wonderful hotel	My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Hotel Drisco in San Francisco. We absolutely loved this hotel! We made our reservation months in advance and were thrilled to receive such amazing service and attention even prior to our arrival. Elizabeth at the front desk generously answered many e-mails with wonderful advice as to car rental, restaurants, and area attractions. Bob gracefully handled the front door greeting duties, welcoming us by name when we arrived. Our room was perfect. Room 406A! It was a two-room suite that had to be about 800 sq. feet. With the high ceilings, plentiful windows on two sides of the room, two flat screen TV’s (one in the living room and one in the bedroom), very comfortable bed, and full amenities, we were most content. This particular room is reached by entering through a door into a private hallway. It was a very quiet room, something that is very important to us when we travel. In fact, we never heard another guest while in our lovely room. The furniture and draperies are simple and nice (not luxurious, but quite cheery and pleasant) and the rooms were immaculately clean. We thought the bathroom was beautiful. For a property as old as this one is, it was impeccably maintained. We enjoyed the little touches such as robes and slippers set out at turndown service along with cookies, bottled water, and the next day’s weather report. We also liked the 24-hour coffee and tea available in the hotel’s sitting room as we were able to take coffee to go when we set out to explore each day. It was a little warm our first night, though with the windows open and the fan the hotel provided, we had a most comfortable first night’s rest.As room 406A is on the back left side of the property (which sat upon a very steep hill-it is San Francisco, after all), it felt like we were much higher up from ground level, providing unobstructed views of the city. If we peered out the living room windows and looked to the left, we could see the San Francisco Bay. We loved the spaciousness, peacefulness, and privacy this room provided. And the walks around the neighborhood (the expensive Pacific Heights neighborhood) were spectacular. In a simple mile-loop (the hotel provides a map), one can walk past mansions worth tens of millions of dollars. So not only can one gaze upon the beautiful San Francisco Bay on this stroll, but you can gape at the beauty of neighborhood dwellings. The Presidio park is also a block from the hotel, providing easy access to walks in the forest. We loved being able to park within a block of the hotel for free and access our vehicle whenever we wished. We also enjoyed the peaceful of this property versus staying within the craziness and congestion of San Francisco proper. Visits to most San Francisco sights were only a 10-minute drive. We would imagine some of the rooms whose windows looked out over the front entrance of the hotel might be exposed to the conversational noise of passing pedestrians or lingering hotel guests, but I suspect it is not a significant problem as it really is a quiet neighborhood with little street traffic. Breakfast is free every morning in the sunny and bright dining room with several copies of The San Francisco Chronicle, NY Times, and Wall Street Journal available to read. Breakfast is buffet-style with croissants, scones, cereal, toast, bagels, oatmeal, and fruit. Breakfast can also be delivered in your room at no extra charge. The service at breakfast as in the rest of the hotel was perfection. The staff was kinder than that at The Four Seasons properties at which we usually stay when we travel. When we visit San Francisco again, we will definitely stay here again for the personal attention of the staff, the privacy, the cleanliness of the property, the peace and quiet, and well, the “bang for the buck.” It was a positively fantastic value considering the level of service and lovely accommodations we received. We enjoy perfection when we travel and we found it here.	
Apr 23 2008 	Drisco Comfort Quiet and Warmth	My wife and I spent 3 nights at the blissfully located Hotel Drisco from 16th to 18th April. Upon arrival, we were greeted like old friends and made to feel very welcome. Our room was well equipped and very comfortable, with DSL included, large bed and light airy bathroom. Got to say the complimentary cookies were a big hit with both of us and we would have gladly purchased a box full. I would have preferred a room with a view, but sadly we didn't get one.Every member of staff went out of their way to help us to find places to eat and organise our next days sightseeing events. Marti deserves special mention here, her recommendations were invaluable and empowered us with local knowledge.The location is perfect. Restaurants within a short walk, amazing architecture and homes to keep you entertained along the way. Cabs were easy to arrange and prompt to arrive and nothing seemed to be much more than a $10 ride away. We also managed to take advantage of the Town Car for transportation to the airport when we sadly had to leave. We are reluctant to be negative about anything and our only comments would be somewhat in agreement with other reviewers. The walls are a little thin and it's easy to be disturbed by those that rise early or get in late. I do however think this should be viewed in the context that the hotel is in a very quiet neighbourhood and hardly any noise emanates or disturbs from outside. We must have had the noisiest toilet flush I have ever heard and it had to have bothered anyone in adjacent rooms.We also found the breakfast to be a little limited and we ate out once as an alternative. Overall, we would love to return to San Francisco and would make the Drisco our first choice for accommodation.	
Apr 22 2008 	Service Plus!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Drisco Apr 18 - 21, 2008. Before booking over the phone, we reviewed local hotels extensively. Priorities to us were value, tranquility, and personalized service. The hotel excelled in all. From the moment we arrived, hospitality plus was extended. We were able to check in early, and were given advice where to eat in the neighbourhood. Marti, concierge extraordinaire, suggested that we shop in the Union Street area after lunch. We did, had an extraordinary time with retailers who went the extra mile, and fell in love with Pacific Heights.While our room did not have an ocean or street view, we had two large sets of windows, one of which opened onto an inner courtyard filled with tropical plants. Our room was very quiet and large with a sitting area. Our suite was conveniently located down the hall from the dining room. We visited it two times daily for the wine tasting and incredible breakfasts. Julio and Omar, serving staff, went out of their ways to welcome us and make us feel like family. For example, after our a.m. arrival, Omar stopped me in the hall to ask if I would like some pastries with my coffee which I had been invited to take from the salon area on the main floor. Now that's service!Marti, the Concierge who took our phone reservation, remembered that our trip was in honour of my husband's birthday. After returning to our suite the first day, we found a 1/2 bottle of sparkling California wine chilling in a cooler of ice and a gracious note wishing my husband many happy returns from the Staff. How is that for attention to detail!The front office staff always had the time and interest to listen to our escapades when we returned from our daily explorations of SFO on foot. There was nothing they couldn't do for us. For example, when we came back on our last day and recounted our adventures to Bob the Bellhop/front desk staff yet mentioned we had not seen the Haight area, he quickly consulted the Internet and advised us which bus we could hop on a block away for the Haight.If you are interested in an upscale European-style pension, this is the place for you. With 100 years of history to the building, expect some idiosyncracies like steam boilers banging when the heat comes on at night or in the morning. I think my innards would be screaming a bit too at that age!	
Apr 13 2008 	Wonderful Pacific Heights Gem	We stayed at the Hotel Drisco (sadly, only for one night)... for our friends' wedding.. We easily found a parking spot outside when we arrived (before check-in time)... which is so rare in San Francisco... were greeted with hot towels, and quickly shown to our room. The room was beautiful, with a small separate sitting area. Light filled the space and bounced off the crisp white linens as we entered the bedroom . We only had a few minutes to spend in the room before heading off to the wedding, but when we returned, the bed had been turned down, and light jazz was playing softly from the bedside alarm clock radio. There were also a couple of cookies and a little card on the tv table, indicating the weather for the next day so that we could be prepared (it was unseasonably warm, but beautiful)... which I thought was a nice touch. The bathroom was small, but efficient, and the rug was super plush. There was also a bathroom amenity basket filled with many thoughtful items for sale, which can be a life saver for some guests, I'm sure! The actual bathroom amenities were wonderful, as well- it's nice to get something other than Gilchrist &amp; Soames for a change! The only ding I have to give this property is one that many people already know and accept about staying in older, boutique hotels- you can hear EVERYTHING that's going on in your neighbors room- above and to the side-... In the evening luckily, we were so tired, we only noticed it right before nodding off to sleep, but in the morning, were awakened in the morning by a previously set alarm clock (5:45am) , and the guests next door to us using a hair dryer. We did partake in the complimentary breakfast, but opted to dine in our room, since we had the sitting area- it was great. The food was simple, but hit the spot. The dining room area was spacious, and filled with light, people were quietly reading the newspaper or having their morning coffee- it was very mellow.  I can't say enough about this neighborhood, it's so nice to stay in San Francisco, and not have to deal with the crowds, haggling for a cab, or waiting for a valet to bring your car- we checked out, leisurely walked to our car, and agreed that we'd return very soon!	
Apr 4 2008 	Quiet and Comfy B 	I will definitely return for a variety of good reasons - location, quiet, it's comfortable, and has amazing linens. Honestly, I felt this hotel met my needs better than the glitzy hotels downtown. A few things I'd say - I did not receive the phone call everyone mentions. Also, as a loyalty club member, I was supposed to receive a half bottle of wine. I asked about it, but it never appeared and I got the sense that I had been inappropriate by asking for it. The breakfast was very nice indeed with a friendly young man in charge. The wine was a nice quality but when I was there, they served only one kind of cheese and one kind of cracker and a small bowl of mixed olives - nice, but not special - the man that evening didn't offer a smile or welcome. I felt the staff was pleasant but didn't experience anything remarkable. Arequest for a wakeup call was met warmly. However, I stood at the front desk for more than 5 minutes very early in the morning while the gentleman on duty had a chit chat with a woman on the phone (didn't sound like hotel business) and gave up - I had wanted to know where coffee could be found. Otherwise, I didn't ask for much and perhaps if I had, I could report more strongly on their customer service. In the room, it would be great to have a tv channel guide as well as prices for the items in the honor bar. I paid $369/night, so I can't call it a bargain but it was reasonable. All in all, I look forward to returning and perhaps I will move to a 5. Definitely worth staying so please don't misread my comments as something that should dissuade a stay. As I said, I'll go back.	
Apr 2 2008	Absolutely Loved Hotel Drisco!	We had a lovely stay at the Hotel Drisco and felt at home the minute my husband and two children (14 and 12 years old) walked in the front door . We were offered hot towels to refresh ourselves after our long drive. The front desk staff was very nice, especially Marti, who gave us many ideas. Our suite was sun drenched and spotless and very nicely decorated. We were all thrilled. We couldn't have asked for a better breakfast! I loved the location in the very beautiful neighborhood and there were wonderful places to eat within walking distance. We are looking forward to returning to Hotel Drisco!	
Mar 28 2008 	A great hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Drisco on the first part of our honeymoon and we found the hotel excellent. The room felt modern and was made up to a very high standard. The hotel is set in a very quiet (and obviously very expensive) part of San Francisco and it is quick, easy and cheap to get into the centre of the city using the numerous public Muni buses that depart from a couple of blocks away.The little extras are what set the hotel apart. Every morning we had a complimentary paper hanging from our door. There was free DSL internet access in every room. The breakfasts were delicious with freshly pressed orange juice. The complimentary wine and cheese between 5pm and 7pm every evening was excellent and gave us the opportunity to question the hosts about what we should be doing and seeing.We really enjoyed our time is Hotel Drisco, thanks	
Mar 26 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Set in the beautiful Pacific Heights area, this hotel is quiet, clean, lovely, and the customer service is over the top. Hot towels on arrival, doormen that will help with ANYTHING, dinner reservations, you name it. Our room had a flat screen TV and free wireless Internet. The bedding and towels were luscious and the bathroom was large. Breakfast is cold but they do have boiled eggs and oatmeal, and it's complimentary. I thought the price was very fair for the location, service, and additions, like breakfast and Internet. Parking is on the street but its not bad. I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 25 2008 	First rate	My wife and I are currently staying at the Drisco and thoroughly enjoying it. The hotel is early 1900s elegant, and is located in one of the poshest areas in SF high up in the desirable hill section. The mansion built by the Folgers of coffee fame is next store. President Hoover's home is a block or so away. There is a bit of a B&amp;B feel to the hotel, with an attentive staff, a wine gathering in the early evening, and a very good continental breakfast (European style: meats, cheeses, fresh and dried fruits, cereal, yogurt, fresh squeezed orange juice, rolls, etc.). Assorted celebrities ranging from President Eisenhower to Ashley Judd have stayed here. The location is a bit far from downtown (10 to 15 minutes by taxi), but the hotel has a free car service downtown each morning. Moreover, the residential local makes for a quiet and relaxed feeling. We even slept with our windows open last night. The view from those windows is the skyline of downtown SF. There is no dedicated parking, but parking nearby on the street has not proven to be an issue so far. There is also no restaurant or bar, so apart from the breakfast, the only food available on site are grilled sandwiches. The room is reasonably sized and very nicely appointed. There is no A/C, but that is seldom an issue in SF. The heat also cannot be controlled (other than on/off in individual rooms), and it did seem a bit warm (solved by opening the window). Everything is exceptionally clean. If what you want is a glitzy edifice and lobby downtown in the middle of everything with every service possible available 24/7, then the Drisco might not be for you. But for a quiet and accommodating island in a busy metropolis, the Drisco can't be beat, and, especially for a several day stay, it is way less expensive than its glitzy, impersonal competitors.	
Mar 21 2008	Real San Francisco Experience	This was our second visit to San Francisco within a year having enjoyed it so much first time around. Rather than the conventional chain hotels we decided to try something a little different and the Hotel Drisco couldn't have been better. Located away from the City Centre but in a lovely neighbourhood , Pacific Heights, you couldn't get more San Francisco. Yes it is a little hilly but that really is part of the charm of it all. It is only two blocks from a bus service downtown which is a fun ride in itself. Lovely room, warm welcomes all round and very nice extra little touches. A very good free breakfast and free glass of wine early evening served by Julio who was most charming. Normally we like to change things every time but next visit we will go back to the Hotel Drisco.	
Mar 15 2008 	Superb Experience!	I arrived midday during a business trip and needed to get some work done and found myself in a beautiful room with all the amenities to make my &quot;office time&quot; great. Sunny, spacious, and supremely comfortable. Fantastic, gracious staff...very personal...almost felt like I was staying in a private inn or B&amp;B. Wonderful neighborhood. This hotel entirely changed my view (literally and figuratively) of SF, as I'd only stayed in downtown hotels on past visits.I'd recommend to colleagues, family or friends (and already have!). I will definitely visit again when returning to SF.	
Mar 13 2008	The Hotel Drisco..An Elegant Experience	If incredible service and the elegance of a beautifully restored older hotel are important to you in your travels you will never find a better place than the Hotel Drisco. The rooms are comfortably furnished...the area is quiet for those of us who don't want to hear traffic noise and the breakfast was a nice plus...the rates are reasonable...but most importantly the staff is at your beck and call from the moment that you walk thru the front door...from the doorman to the front desk I have never stayed anywhere where the service was so above and beyond expectations. Whether you need a manicure appointment or a dinner reservation you don't even have to think about it...the front desk staff takes care of your requests. We also like the pre-visit call to see if we have any special needs during our stay. It's the little touches that make the Drisco such an elegant experience.	
Mar 10 2008 	Wonderful experience	My husband and I have stayed at various hotels and B&amp;B's on our frequent trips to San Francisco. We found the Drisco last spring on a walking tour of Pacific Heights and the Tripadvisor reviews encouraged us to stay there. From Marti's helpfulness with our reservation to her phone call before we left home to the hot towel and water bottle given us at check-in ( both welcome after a long flight) we knew we had made the right choice. Elizabeth is a gem, helping us with directions and restaurant suggestions and giving us ideas of things to do.The room was immaculate and the bed was very comfortable. Our room had been newly renovated so everything felt and looked very fresh and clean. Breakfast is quite good featuring hot and cold cereal, bagels, pastries, meats and cheese and delicious orange juice.Others have mentioned the noisy pipes. They are only noisy when the heat goes on, which, when we stayed, was usually after 7 or 7:30 am. However there is another caveat- even though the hotel is in a quiet neighborhood the garbage trucks and recycling pickup can still be noisy. The trucks did not come too early and I am sure there are interior rooms where the sound is more muffled. We loved the location of our room and would choose it again regardless of street noise.The hotel is not far from both Fillmore and Union Streets each of which has trendy boutiques and restaurants. We also enjoyed free walking tours given by City Guides. If you are an ice cream fan don't miss Mitchell's near Hayes Valley and Naia in the Castro.We are looking forward to our next stay at the Drisco!	
Mar 4 2008 	Wonderful Experience!	Fantastic stay! Great, helpful staff . . very knowledgeable about the city. Wonderful continental breakfast in the morning. Beautiful rooms with exquisite toiletries. One funny story is that I made a comment on a feedback card on a suggestion for the bathroom and the general manager wrote me a personal letter back addressing my comment. That is just great in a day in age where service seems to have disappeared. Highly recommended for a quite stay in San Fran.	
Mar 1 2008	Enjoyed my stay here very welcoming	A terrific independent hotel, recommended to me by a friend. Much personal attention from charming and very helpful staff. Very welcoming. Others have commented below positively about the location, and I agree with them. I only have one very trivial gripe: the lighting for reading in the bedroom could have been better; not a big deal really. Highly recommended.	
Feb 27 2008	Absolutely Lovely	Hotel DriscoWe've been flirting with the idea of booking a luxury hotel via Luxury Link (where there are auctions and such and so you can nab a good deal on upscale accommodations) and our first try was a three night package, in a suite, at the Hotel Drisco in San Francisco. After I checked out the deal -- about $700 for three nights, with some minor extras -- I sussed out the hotel on TripAdvisor and at the time it was the top-rated hotel in San Francisco! Not bad. It had &quot;descended&quot; to no. 4 by the time we booked (still not bad) and so we committed. Loved it. The Drisco, as a cab driver who picked us up there commented, is the &quot;incognito&quot; hotel. If you want a Union Square location in the middle of everything, this isn't the place for you. But if you want to be in the heart of one of the most glamorous, beautiful neighborhoods in any city in the U.S., a relatively convenient walk from key city amenities like restaurants and shops, it's a great place. It felt very European. Cozy. Great service that starts with a call to your home a few days before arrival. &quot;Do you want to use our car service from the airport?&quot; For a $15 difference between hiring an ordinary taxi and using a dedicated car, we bit and it was worth it. When the driver pulled up in front of the hotel, on a peak crest of the hills overlooking the Bay, I thought it was a private club. It felt like that the whole time. Scrupulously well-maintained (and in fact they were upgrading rooms and suites while we were there with new carpets, flat screens and DVDs to replace existing electronics). Great bathrooms with deep soaking tubs. Nice amenities. With a quiet and lofty presence above San Francisco (our suite, living room with television, couch, cozy by-the-window chairs, and our bedroom, with a working desk, free Internet, another television, great bed, bathrobes and slippers) had great city views. The whole feeling was of a first rate hotel for those who like feeling comfortable, and even pampered, without pretension. At cocktail hour there was a wine and savories set-up, quite cozy (and we even brought in a local friend and no one batted an eye, only wished I remembered the name of the white wine because it was crisp and delicious). Breakfast was European in nature -- cold cuts, yogurt, oatmeal, made-to-order coffees, croissants. Included in, I believe, all room rates (though check on it). Adored the neighborhood -- with its multi-million dollar mansions, gorgeous greenery (even in February). Service at the desk was consistently excellent. I asked for taxis, for the exact color of the paint in the breakfast room (a very nice yellow, we're buying a new-old house and I love yellow), even asking for a promised-in-our-deal bottle of sparkling wine, which hadn't been delivered, was met with a gracious apology and fixed immediately. Would return to the Drisco, part of the Joie d'Vivre chain (and my first experience with this boutique hotel group) without qualification. The only qualification I will offer is that good news, bad news bit about the location. The neighborhood is gorgeous. But it's a good five to seven blocks (easy) from anything commercial. If you walk over to Fillmore Street, to Pacific Heights and Cow Hollow shops and restaurants, wear comfy shoes cause you're going to experience the hills that made San Fran so famous. Even more challenging: the Marina District below. It's in interesting mountain slog (up and down) to Lombard Street and points below, like Chestnut Street's restaurants and shops (I used to live in the Marina so I was more inclined to head downward this way). FYI, we had a great time at Curbside Two (again, a steep slog down toward Presidio), a fantastic small, provincial French bistro -- the weather was so crystal clear blue and warm weather crisp that I had my burger and fries (awesome) and glass of Syrah at a picnic table outside. It was a favorite off-beat place when I lived there and it was great to see it was the same. We had dinner at A16 on Chestnut Street in the Marina, which is currently a hot place; I was underwhelmed by this Italian bistro. We had a surprisingly romantic lunch at Emporio Rulli Gran Caffe, which reminded me more of the old fashioned kind of department store restaurants (in ambience, a bit…old fashioned). But the food was excellent and so was the wine. A big surprise on the &quot;strip&quot;. Didn’t' get to Bistro Aix (it was closed on the nights we were there) but wished we had; the menu looked lovely. Next trip. Will just make sure I get a real series of workouts in steep, hill-climbing scenarios.And by the way: though we did have the pleasure of wandering the bay front around the Marina, we never did make it into the heart of San Francisco. Frankly, I felt like I'd found a heart where we were….	
Feb 13 2008 	Location Location Location	My wife and I spent a few days here while shopping for real estate. Our room had an interesting view, was a nice size, and was clean and fresh. The staff helpful. We loved the architectural details, scale, neighborhood, and nearby shops. We used public transportation this trip and found this a convenient location since there is a bus stop nearby. Mostly we walked around the immediate area. We are planning to move into this neighborhood and we are happy that there is a decent hotel for family and friends to use when they visit us. Two thumbs up from your new neighbors.	
Feb 7 2008 	A room with a view	We've just come back home to Sydney after a very pleasant stay at the Hotel Drisco of almost two weeks. It's in a beautiful location, and having now seen where many of the other hotels are I was really glad we didn't stay in any of them. The bus to downtown is a short walk from the hotel so it doesn't matter that it's not right in the centre of things, and also there are lots of great walks around the hotel itself in the Pacific Heights area, and plenty of great cafes &amp; a cinema etc in Fillmore Street which is very near. Our room was at the basic rate, we booked it online via Tablet hotels, and it turned out to be large, light, clean, very comfortable and quiet, and had stunning views (see photos), high speed internet, lots of cable channels, etc. We weren't interested in anything like the personalised tours, wine tasting, coffee in the lounge, etc etc, preferring to explore the city on our own but we did enjoy the breakfast most days (plenty of other great places for brekkie too, in the area, especially Ella's on Presidio at California, very near &amp; delicious!)	
Feb 4 2008	what a wonderful hotel	We had a wonderful stay at this hotel; it is extremely comfortable, located in a most beautiful part of San Francisco, and close to many delicious restaurants.The most outstanding feature of this hotel: the exceptional kindness of the staff.Highly recommended!	
Jan 22 2008 	Other Reviewers Were Right!	I always check Tripadvisor before staying in a new hotel, but lately have been booking my hotels BASED on Tripadvisor reviews. That is how we came to stay at the Hotel Drisco this past weekend. We didn't want to stay in Union Square and I love the location of the hotel in super quiet (some might say out of the way) Pacific Heights. I also prefer independent hotels, rather than large chains. Things I really love about Hotel Drisco:I loved that the concierge emailed us in advance of our stay to offer their services. I love the coffee and tea service set out in the parlor. My husband loved the cookies.I love the compact fluorescent bulbs. Yay conservation!I love that the staff bent over backwards to find us a Chinese restaurant that would deliver.I love that they will create customized guides for guests. We did not use this feature as my husband grew up in SF, but I was tempted to anyway!Our room was well appointed.The only thing that I was so-so on was that we had a basement room. It would definitely be preferable to have a room on the upper floors (light/view, etc). This could have been because we had only booked 2 weeks prior, or it might have been that we were traveling with our baby. The room felt a little remote.Oh and it wasn't a big deal for us, but the cable reception was terrible. We received just a couple of channels. It was probably something specific to our TV and wasn't even worth a call to the desk.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to my friends.	
Jan 19 2008	a 7 out of 10 rating	My wife and I stayed at Drisco recently. Neat room, but a bit small. Because it is an old hotel, the floor squeaks. The heater is from 1930s, and we have to ask the front desk to turn the switch off because it is too hot in the room. There is no way to control the temperature in the room. If we open the windows, then we hear noises from outside. Parking on the sloop is quite a challenge! Sometimes it may be difficult to find a parking space. I have traveled to some 40 countries, and my expectation of a hotel may be a bit higher than others, and so I will give the hotel a 7 out of 10.	
Jan 9 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	Hotel Drisco offers the charm of a lovely private residence.This delightful hotel offers great service and superb ambience combined with a wonderful location and excellent amenities.We all loved the week we spent during the Christmas holidays.	
Dec 31 2007	Small hotel is a gem in Pacific Heights	This small, historic hotel is a gem in the beautiful Pacific Heights neighborhood of San Francisco. My wife and I have stayed there several times over the past 15 years and have always enjoyed the quiet comfort, good service, elegant neighborhood featuring foreign embassies, and the delicious breakfast that is offered. The room rates are reasonable; you get good value.	
Dec 18 2007	Hotel Drisco is a +10!!!!	The European Charm of this hotel cannot be explained in words. The charming parlor, rooms, and gathering room plus location, views, service, maintenance and amenities are phenominal. Don't need a restaurant as there are so many charming ones within walking distance. And talk of service - the bellhop from the hotel went to the liquor store for us to grab a bottle of vodka as we were running short on time to get to our party. How about that for service!!!!	
Dec 8 2007 	charming but lonely	I can understand all the rave revues, since I succumb to the same charm. Bur those choosing Drisco for the first time need to know more than that its ambience, service, maintenance, and amenities are especially good, and that your fellow guests are interesting and amiable for the most part over a glass of wine.But there is no restaurant, and nothing commercial within walking distance, and so entertaining becomes complex, and even a drug store or lunch requires two taxi rides.The space heaters work well, but be sure to get one. The staff, particularly Bob, was thoughtful and helpful. He found me a telephone recharger left behind by someone else.I liked the Drisco a lot, and may well stay there again, but I would plan meals and activities differently.	
Nov 21 2007	An Unique Experience	There really is no other place like the Hotel Drisco in my experience. Where else can you wile away the morning reading the variety of newspapers offered in the sunny parlor; have a very lovely European style breakfast that comes free with your room; and enjoy a gratis wine reception every evening with cheese and canapes? The staff is very accommodating and the rooms beautifully appointed. Well-stocked mini-bar and a lovely selection of fruit is provided. It's also nice to open the window and enjoy the lovely view (ask for a &quot;city view&quot; room) and fresh air. Far nicer than the usual over-cooled stale air you get in the typical high-rise hotel. The location is quite convenient to the Presidio, which offers all kinds of hiking options. The hotel neighborhood itself is just a lovely place to walk around, and offers many good restaurants nearby. This hotel is truly like a home away from home, and I'll look forward to my next opportunity to go back and visit.	
Nov 20 2007	A unique pleasure	We have stayed at the Hotel Drisco the last three times we have traveled to San Francisco. We like to make long weekends in the city and there are many features that other hotels just can't offer. The location, in Pacific Heights, is incredible. The neighboring 2-3 blocks consist of the most elegant homes in the city. Really, they are mansions with values of $10 plus with incredible views. The Drisco is also within walking distance to eating and shopping on Union Street and Filmore Street. If you want more than the big department stores downtown, this is a great place to stay. The Hotel is very quiet, very comfortable, and the breakfast and evening wine/snacks is very well done. While you can't realistically walk to Union Square or the Wharf, it is only a $10-$12 cab ride to almost anywhere in the city. The bus system is also very efficient and a great way to see new areas of the city.	
Nov 13 2007 	Don't even bother to look at other hotels...	Found this hotel by reading trip advisor ratings and comments and thank you thank you thank you to everyone that gave this place a 5. I totally agree- it is completely lovely...very warm, inviting, friendly, beautiful, immaculate and delicious continental (plus) breakfast and very nice evening wine and cheese. The only minor potential problem was the parking...it was in the back of my mind at certain times...but the door man seemed to know just when the meter maid was coming!Cannot wait to return and would not imagine staying elsewhere.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great Service. Will return and recommend.	Great overall stay. Staff was very personable and hospitable. They were aware that it was my birthday and sent complimentary champagne and strawberries to my room. I will definitely return there and would recommend it to anyone visiting San Francisco.	
Oct 30 2007 	My favorite San Francisco hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at the Hotel Drisco for the third year in a row. As usual, it was perfect. Marti can't be nicer and worked hard to get us into Quince for our wedding anniversary. We love the location in Pacific Heights. We love to walk down to the Palace of the Fine Arts for exercise in the morning and then come back and have the fabulous breakfast at the hotel. My only regret is that we don't stay longer, but we are always on our way up to the Wine Country. I am so happy that we found this hotel and I recommend it to everyone. Hopefully, I'll still be able to get a reservation.	
Oct 23 2007 	Great staff but needs work!	We had chosen a suite since we were celebrating our 25th anniversary &amp; they provided us with champagne in a bucket of ice with a little card, which was very thoughtful. The staff were pleasant &amp; generally helpful.My gripe, though, is that in comparison to hotels we've stayed in, it didn't measure up. Other hotels for the same price or less, including the Biltmore Millenium, Hotel del Coronado &amp; the Grande Colonial provided us with daily bottled water &amp; better quality toiletries &amp; quieter rooms. Continental breakfast included oatmeal, cold cereals, toast, cold hard boiled eggs (which had to be peeled), croissants, coffee, tea &amp; juice. They did provide fresh fruit in the rooms, which is a nice touch. The hotel, in general, needs updating. The curtains are stained &amp; the carpets are starting to wear. The walls are paper thin &amp; we could hear conversations from the other bathrooms &amp; bedrooms including the gentleman snoring on the other side of our bed! It has the original windows, which is fine, it's a historic building ,but there is no way to block some of the outside noise. They had shades, which were rather cumbersome to put up &amp; down. Heavy insulated curtains would block out some of the street noise &amp; keep the rooms warmer. We generally, prefer older buildings but after this stay, we're rethinking that idea!	
Oct 18 2007	Great Weekend Stay	I proposed to my now-fiancée over Labor Day Weekend in SF. I wouldn't change anything that we did, including selecting Hotel Drisco for accommodation. The service was great, provided by its attentive and personal staff. The 100-plus year-old building offered historic charm to complete a perfectly romantic weekend.	
Oct 15 2007	A home away from home	I just wanted to drop you a short note expressing how pleased we were to have stayed at the Drisco Hotel while visiting my daughter in SF. I wanted to tell you how impressed we were with the warm and personal service that we received from all your all employees. We come to SF several times a year and plan on coming again in February again and of course will make reservations in advance. I also have recommended the hotel to several friends who also have children living in SF.We could not be more pleased with your hotel and look forward to our next stay. It has become our home away from home.	
Oct 5 2007 	Very relaxing stay	I booked Hotel Drisco after reading the reviews on this site and was very pleased with it so thank you to all previous reviewers! Rooms are spacious, very comfortable and quiet. with lovely scented bathroom products from Lather. Wine hour is also a good way to relax! The hotel is in a very smart part of town but not very near the centre of the action. In other words, you need to be prepared to jump in a cab or catch a bus if you want to go anywhere.	
Sep 30 2007 	Cozy inviting and relaxing	I booked this hotel based solely on the reviews found on TripAdvisor.com and was glad I did. One previous reviewer aptly describes the Hotel Drisco as &quot;a home with elegance and upscale amenities&quot;. You do indeed feel like you've come to stay in a very cozy and relaxing home. Only it's better than home because you have this wonderful staff to take care of you. Our favorite was Julio, the gentleman who served our wine during the afternoon wine reception. He very genuinely goes out of his way to accommodate your request. On our first night, my husband and I asked him for a restaurant recommendation. He recommended 2 of his favorites by providing menus, reviews and directions (we chose Cafe Maritime). On the second night of our stay, we decided to stay in. We had walked all the way to Fisherman's Wharf, the Ferry Building and back and we were too exhausted and achy to do much more than enjoy a glass or two of wine and climb into our very comfy bed. Julio made up a bowl of fruit for us to enjoy as an evening snack. Honestly, no hotel employee has ever made that effort with us before. We hope that hotel management appreciates what a gem of an employee they have! I've noticed a few reviews where mention is made of the hotel's &quot;out of the way location&quot; as if this is a con instead of a pro. To each his own. We visit San Francisco for a long weekend every year and we WALK everywhere. How else do you truly get to experience such an abundance of wonderful, diverse neighborhoods? This trip we enjoyed two of these: peaceful, stately Pacific Heights with its magnificent views and beautiful homes to drool over and Cow Hollow (Union Street) with its many bars, restaurants and boutiques. Some of the other amenities we enjoyed: free bottled water in the room, the delicious cookies offered at nightly turn-down service, a customized tourist package, coffee and tea service offered off the reception area and the additional amenities offered for purchase in the room. I would suggest the wine reception hour be lengthened to allow travelers time to check in and still have time to enjoy this wonderful amenity without feeling rushed.We will be back for another relaxing and comforting stay! A couple of tourist tips: -Pier 23 Cafe is a great place for breakfast or lunch on the water. -the Ferry Building is awfully-crowded on a late Saturday morning. NOT enjoyable!!	
Sep 24 2007	"Outstanding"	We celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary at the Hotel Drisco in the wonderful neighborhood of Pacific Heights.Decided to be away from the downtown area as needed a quiet place in which to open the windows at night. It was so quiet and the bed extremely comfortable. No need to hang the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on your door.This hotel provides such wonderful service!! Elizabeth was quick to email me back when I asked if we should rent a vehicle? We rented one and the parking was never a problem as she stated....plus no parking fee's!!!. Victor checked us in upon arrival and if we needed something he stopped what he was doing and fulfilled our needs. Julio took care of us at the wine reception and breakfast....what a first class gentlemen! From the minute the doorman greets you with his welcoming smile....you'll know....this truly is your home away from home!WOW....Outstanding!!	
Sep 24 2007 	Excellent Hotel	I was in San Francisco for a wedding and the Hotel Drisco was recommended by the bride and groom. Though our stay was short and sweet (Friday to Sunday), we could not have been more comfortable at the Drisco. The front desk accomodated for everything. The hotel location puts so many great restaurants within walking distance. Our room was on the first floor but it was still a great room. From check it to check out, our stay at the Drisco was perfect.	
Sep 13 2007 	The thrill of discovering a hidden gem	After carefully reading most of the reviews on the Hotel Drisco, I felt confident that I had made the right choice in choosing this &quot;off the beaten track&quot; and small hotel. I wasn't disappointed! Having stayed in the large, impersonal and crowded hotels along the waterfront and on Van Ness, I wanted to be away from the tourists and the most popular tourist areas. I looked forward to walking, and over the 3 1/2 days that we were in San Francisco my husband and I walked about 65 km (40 mi.). Buses are available to take you wherever you want to go (or back towards the Hotel) if you are too tired to walk back. Being on the crest of a hill, leaving the Hotel is the easy part - it is the return trip that can be challenging, and I am always amazed at just how steep the hills can be. You will certainly burn off a good portion of your Ghirardelli chocolate on the way back to the Hotel, especially if you climb the almost 300 steps on Lyon Street back up to Broadway!!I wanted to commend Julio who presides over the evening wine aperitifs who made us feel like family and gave us some great advice on local restaurants and sights to see. I also highly recommend the Town car airport pick-up and drop-off - more expensive than the airport shuttle but worth every penny in comfort, convenience and conversation with Roberto. Our room in the Hotel was small but comfortable. We were on the fourth floor at the end of a private hallway, and had views of both the harbour and the city. Street noise does carry at night but we found this varied, with some nights being very quiet and other nights being much noisier. We did have to open the windows as the room did become stuffy after an hour or two. I understand that some renovations will be occuring shortly. Some of the furniture in our room was showing wear and tear. The bed was very comfortable (and I have a bad back, so I was grateful for this) and the towels and housecoats are some of the nicest I have had in a hotel. The continental breakfast is very good but could have used some variety from day to day - perhaps a variety of pastries (but don't change those blueberry scones!) or a fruit salad with those wonderful California melons. Bottom line is if you enjoy unique and charming surroundings in a small, out-of-the-way hotel with personal service, the thrill of exploring an historic city on foot, and discovering hidden gems of restaurants and shops, then this is the Hotel and area for you.	
Sep 7 2007 	Did not want to leave	Pick the hotel b/c of the location and could not be happier. The neighborhood is beautiful and quite. It is very nice and clean hotel and the staff is OUTSTANDING. The breakfast in the morning was wonderful, it is not your standard continental breakfast. The wine happy hour in the evening is very nice, they put out different games you can play or just sit and enjoy your wine. We stayed there 4-nights and then were leaving for the wine country...hated to leave the hotel. This is the only place I will stay in SF!	
Sep 5 2007	Nice stay	We stayed at a City View Suite and it was comfortable, clean and quiet. The staff is helpful and bed was fantastic. My complaint is about breakfast; though orange juice was nice, during six days we stayed there, everyday we had the same food. It would have been good to have more variety to choose. But that's not very important, so I will come back to Drisco Hotel in my next visit to San Francisco.	
Sep 4 2007 	Very nice but specify room choice	First trip to San Fran for my wife and I and a friend who lives in Pacific Heights recommended we stay at the Drisco. Our flight was very delayed and we did not get from Oakland to San Fran until midnight. We called the front desk and the night accountant/assistant was OUTSTANDING with his directions and help. We were totally lost and he was very patient and went out of his way looking up various maps for getting us to the hotel. We had not eaten dinner so we asked for a late night grill and he recommended Liverpool Lil's which was only a few blocks down the street. Grill was open at midnight and they served terrific food. Very cool, Irish pub. For those who would like a quick stop for a pint and lunch/dinner, you can't go wrong with Liverpool Lil's and it's close to the hotel. We checked in and were booked in one of the rooms on the first floor literally behind the check-in desk. Window was open to Pacific avenueand although the room was very nice, be sure to ask for an upper level room or something towards the back of the hotel. We heard EVERY noise on the street, including the conversations at the check-in desk when someone arrived late for check-in. Several people staying at the hotel arrived at 3am in the morning and proceeded to stand out in front right next to our windows smoking cigarrettes and talking loudly. The next morning when we got up and opened the windows for the cool fresh air, the smokers lingering outside would fill the room with the smoke/smell. The room was clean (albeit a little outdated with old carpet) but comfortable. Front desk help was first class and made up for the bad room location. My wife and I both agreed we would stay here again but only if we could get a different room.	
Sep 3 2007 	Charming and quiet	If you want to stay outside of the bustle of Union Square, the Hotel Drisco is the best choice. The neighborhood it's in (Pacific Heights) is one of the nicest in the city, residential with plenty of shops/restaurants on Fillmore. You get much better views of the city here than in the Nob Hill/Union Square area. If you're getting around by bus, it takes a while to get downtown, but if you're driving, street parking is not a problem. Respect the time limits, though. If you're over three hours in one spot, you'll likely get a ticket (we did). The hotel itself is charming, with high quality furnishings and amenities in the rooms (even if not quite up to the level of the Ritz), and a friendly staff. Breakfast is fantastic. I could not recommend the hotel more highly. A great value for the quality of the hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	The Drisco is 'tops' at the top of Pacific Heights	We once lived in San Francisco for several years and now visit San Francisco often, usually staying close to Union Square (Andrews Hotel or Petite Auberge) or Fisherman's Wharf (Tuscan Inn). This 3 night trip we decided to learn a new neighborhood and sought out the Drisco because it was in Pacific Heights and part of the same small hotel group as the Petite Auberge. It is located in on of the grandest &quot;modern&quot; residential streets in the city, and literally at the top of a very steep hill near the Presidio's east side. Though I was a bit worried that we would be too far away from things, our wonderful experience made up for any inconvenience of the location. There is a good bus line only 1 block away (down the hill) -we walked or used the bus to &quot;go&quot; places (especially the Fillmore Street shopping/restaurant area) - then usually got a cab back to the hotel -especially at night (as from the theatre) when we were tired. If climbing hills isn't on your agenda, a car or cab is a necessity. As others have noted, the front desk staff was FABULOUS - even loaning us a copy of a book detailing interesting walking tours in SF. Our &quot;King&quot; room was on the 2nd floor overlooking the street, but off in the far distance we could see the city,the Oakland bridge, and a bit of the Bay. We happened to be looking out our window the night Barry Bonds broke the home run record and saw the baseball stadium fireworks celebrating the event - magical. Our room was on a separate short hallway with another (corner) room- if you wanted 2 rooms as a &quot;suite&quot;, I think (?) the hallway door to the main hallway could be locked. As the room windows faced southeast, our room was really sunny most of the day - VERY bright and cheerful (a white bedspread helped too). There were drawers for clothes under the TV and a HUGE closet (for a hotel that is).Some of the other reviews said the rooms needed renovation, but we thought ours was lovely. Though the usual snacks and drinks were for sale in the room, there was a complimentary bottle of water- nice. The extra &quot;special&quot; toiletries for sale were a bit pricey, but tempting (like fizzy balls for the bathtub). The room decoration was traditionally elegant, tending towards the restrained rather than fussy, with the bathroom reminding me of Restoration Hardware/Pottery Barn style. A newspaper is hung on your doorknob mornings in a trim canvas bag - a surprising little touch that indicates the management is really trying to make a stay pleasing. As the hotel is on a steep hill, the breakfast room (more like an elegant dining/living room) is in the &quot;basement&quot; but has large windows with view to the street...and a seating area in addition to tables for those who just want a coffee and to read the paper. The breakfast (included in room rate) had cereals/fruits/deli meats/ breads/drinks - very ample for a good start to the day. The only disappointment was that the &quot;wine &amp; cheese&quot; in the late afternoon was in a smallish reception/living room and sparsely attended during our stay. In the Petite Auberge, the same event always had tons of people to visit with - exchange travel &amp; tourist hints, etc. Perhaps our experience happened because we perceived fellow guests at the Drisco included families with children (8 yrs or so up- no little children) and under 35's, not the baby boomers / retirees more common at the Petite Auberge....But I wouldn't mark the hotel down for that as it might just have been the mix of guests during our stay. We booked on the Joie de Vivre group website and got a good discount for staying 3 nights. The photos from other guests give a good representation of the hotel's atmosphere. Even thought the Drisco is removed from the main tourist areas, there are many walks to take (Union Street, the Presidio, the Lyon steps, historic Pacific Heights, and close to the Exploratorium and Marina/ Ft. Mason/Greens Restaurant). It is soooooo relaxing/quiet because of the residential location - we felt a part of the neighborhood and loved not seeing tons of tourists. This hotel is popular, so one needs to plan ahead to book if you want specific rooms or dates. We can't wait to return!!	
Aug 20 2007 	We would stay again	My husband and I stayed for only one night at the Drisco Hotel and were please with the service and the room. The hotel is a quiet little gem hidden in a residential neighborhood. Here are some details that we found during our stay:1. We had a suite on the second floor of the hotel overlooking the road. I was a bit nervous that we would be bothered by street sounds but we were not (I am a light sleeper).2. The room was tastefully decorated and it appeared that our room had been updated recently as there were not many signs of wear.3. The walls (or at least ours) were very thin. We could hear our neighbor snoring during the night which was more problematic than overlooking the street.4. Parking: The hotel does not have parking but there is plenty of on street parking, however READ parking signs, they do street cleaning I think like twice a week and if you park on the wrong side you will end up with a ticket. 5. Breakfast: we were not aware that breakfast was included. I ordered a small pot of coffee and toast to our room and when we checked-out they said breakfast was included. It still seems a bit strange to me but it is worth asking about.6. If you are looking for a hotel that is close to the tourist area this may not be the best choice. We did not mind taking a taxi to where we needed to go and liked being in a quiet neighborhood.We would stay at the Dricso Hotel again.	
Aug 17 2007 	Extremely helpful staff and a lovely hotel	We stayed here for one night on arrival to San Francisco from the UK. We arrived very tired only to find our reservation had not been received by them (error with the booking operator, not the hotel's fault). The guy at the front desk (I think he was called Bobby) was incredibly helpful- he was on the phone for ages being transferred to several departments to sort it out for us. Thankfully he got our confirmation faxed through to him and by sheer luck still had one room left. I am so glad he did- the rooms were lovely. My only regret is that we weren't staying longer. Lovely staff and beautiful hotel in a very safe area. There didn't seem to be many ammenities around but that didn't worry us.	
Aug 13 2007 	A Little Gem	For all of you wanting honest reviews, you have come to the right place, and as I come from England, where we specialise in moaning, you can be fairly sure that if we say its good, it truly is!This was our first trip to SF, and I agonised over hotels for some time, particularly weighing up a central location against one further out. In choosing The Drisco, I have no doubt that we made absolutely the right choice (given that we Brits are also mean, and thus will never spend more than we have to. In other words, its good value, as I do not have the requisite funds to lounge at The Mark Hopkins).While you could criticise The Drisco for being a little way out of the centre, the upside is that it is quiet (give or take the odd dustbin lorry, sorry, garbage truck at 8.00am), and you are in a very attractive (and achingly affluent) neighbourhood. In any event, a taxi ride is simple to arrange (thanks to the very helpful staff at The Drisco, sometimes up to 3 times a day) and the cost is very modest. You also then get to meet some of the miriad of interesting characters that SF has to offer, as the taxi drivers are a mirror of this cosmopolitan city, many amusing and charming, the odd one rude or mad, but always different.In summary for The Drisco - Excellent, friendly and helpful staff, comfortable and clean rooms with neat little touches of detail, modestly stylish decor that struck the right balance between neutrality and warmth, very good breakfast, emminently useable fitness room, and a place that you looked forward to coming back to. My gripe is purely the quality of the television programmes, but then thats hardly the fault of the Hotel. Oh, and more of their delectable free cookies would have been nice, but then thats simply me being greedy.And there are places within walking distance, providing you dont mind a bit of an uphill hike back to the Hotel. This includes a number of good restarants, but none better than Elizas at California Street - Authentic chinese, possibly the best I have ever tasted, and at ridiculously reasonable (or frankly low for us bearing in mind the pound's supremacy over the dollar at present) prices.Big thumbs up for The Drisco, and indeed for San Francisco. We loved our weeks stay, and will be back at some point in the future.	
Aug 13 2007	Charming Hotel Drisco	We only had one night in San Francisco. Didn't want to stay in a chain hotel. Found Hotel Drisco on the Internet and called to book. This is an excellent older hotel. Very comfortable. We got a good night's sleep. The staff is exceedingly friendly and helpful. Breakfast was excellent. We'll be back.	
Aug 12 2007 	Loved Hotel Drisco	Wonderful choice for a S.F. B&amp;B. Elegant decor, lovely rooms, accommodating staff, great breakfasts. Well-worth the taxi ride to and from Pacific Heights.	
Aug 4 2007 	A lovely surprise	What a surprise. We were going to San Francisco for New Years Eve and booked this about a week before. The hotel is lovely. The rooms are beautiful and immaculate. The hallways are a little rundown, but nothing to be concerned about ,and the elevators are small. Other than that it was a great experience. There is a lovely breakfast in the the morning and wine and cheese in the evening in the parlor. All delicious. The rooms are bright with beautiful views of historic residential San Francisco. There isn't a lot in walking distance and there isn't room service, but a nice snack mini bar. Why would you eat in your hotel in San Francisco anyway? Great value for the price. I would definitely say it's a stay!	
Aug 3 2007	A tired Elegant Lady	We have stayed many times at this quiet wonderful hotel. We like the amenities, the rooms, and the dining room breakfast.Our two room suite was tired with worn carpet and furniture. The bedroom TV was snowy and the bath shower-tub had mold in the grout areas.It is time for updating the rooms.The service is excellent and we like the neighborhood location.	
Jul 26 2007 	It is great and yet it is not...	In of itself, the hotel is elegant, homey and charming. The desk clerks work very hard to please in their dual role of clerk and concierge. They seemed overburdened but do not complain at all.Everyone smiles at you and the hotel is very service-oriented. I thought the prices were reasonable and the rooms comfortable and attractive. We had a 2 - room suite with an elegant bathroom. Nice view from one room also. The brunch is excellent and they provide good newspapers.The problems are that the hotel can't exist in a vacuum. Therefore if you walk outside you are in an affluent residential neighborhood with great architecture, but there is NOTHING THERE. There are some free fruit in the room but there is very limited room service(heated panini at $8.50 per). The closest store, restaurant, cafe or drug store is 12 blocks away. The taxi drivers themselves told me they won't go up there unless dropping off a fare so you need to leave a good amount of time to find a taxi also. It is virtually near nothing. So you have to weigh the charms of the hotel itself versus thelack of civilization.	
Jul 26 2007 	Terrific	A truly superb hotel. As visitors from Australia, we were looking for something a little different in this wonderful city - and got it. It is small enough to allow for the personal touch and is imbued with a comfortable grace and elegance which you do not find in the normal large and modern hotels. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. It is located in the magnificant Pacific Heights area - we thoroughly enjoyed walking around the surrounding streets, by day and night, enjoying the views and the houses. It is a comfortable walk to Fillmore and Union Streets where there are plenty of great shops and restaurants. We also had a memorable dinner at the nearby Garibaldi's restaurant. It is too far to walk to the Downtown and Fisherman's Wharf areas- but taxis are plentiful and the fare to and from the hotel is reasonable. We will definitely be coming back.	
Jul 14 2007 	A Rare Gem of a Hotel!	This hotel is a rare gem in Pacific Heights. The hotel staff were genuinuely helpful and made the stay wonderful.The hotel resembles a &quot;home&quot; with elegance and upscale amenities.An excellent choice for those who may want romance and picturesque views of San Francisco!	
Jul 13 2007 	Best Hotel in SF!!	I lived in Sausalito for 11 years before moving to San Diego over 7 years ago, and so have stayed in many in the Bay Area for our frequent return visits. I've also traveled extensively for pleasure and for work and, I have to say, this was one of our most pleasant hotel experiences ever! The staff was outstanding, the room was lovely, the location was premier (we love to walk and explore the neighborhoods and this is perfect for that), and the breakfast was outstanding. There were so many little extras that you don't often see anymore, like complimentary wine and cheese in very pleasant front room each evening, chocolates and turn down service, a little stuffed dolphin in the crib they provided for our 14 month old son, beautiful bath products (some for purchase, others complimentary), great restaurant recommendations and directions, walking distance to wonderful restaurants and shopping, complimentary use of the gym in the beautiful Presidio park, and on and on. We were so happy, too, because the staff was so warm and wonderful with our little toddler, and greeted him with delight (as he did them) each time we returned to the lobby. Some hotels are stuffy and don't really like having children around, but that was clearly not the case at the El Drisco. We'd only planned to stay one night, but booked an extra night after having such a wonderful experience the first night. We haven't stopped talking about it since we arrived home a week ago. I have to say, though, that I am somewhat reluctant to spread the word and write a glowing review, because I'd like to keep this as our own little secret getaway. In fact, I've never written a review about any hotel, but this one is such a find that I had to share my thoughts. I hope you enjoy the El Drisco as much as we did! We will certainly be back!!	
Jul 9 2007 	Lovely Historic Hotel near Presidio	I stayed at the historic (it is over 100 yrs old) Drisco Hotel in a King bed-room in early July. It is located near some of the steepest hills, a stone's throw from the Presidio. Some rooms have a good view of SF Bay, which you can see from the street.True to what others have said, it is truly a great hotel. Staff at the reception were very polite, knowledgeable and helpful with directions, restaurant recommendations and advice about places to visit. They knew my name after I checked in. Use of the gym and pool in the Presidio is provided. Hotel staff were always friendly and greeted you whenever they see you. The only complaint I might have is that the maid was a little over-zealous and kept knocking on my door to see if I'm still in my room in the mornings, even when the check-out time was noon.My king bed room was cozy and fairly spacious (given the small size of the hotel) with high-speed internet connection (no WiFi), fridge, closet and TV. The bathroom was immaculate, with many quality amenities. Drisco stocks extra snacks and personl grooming items for purchase it the rooms. There was no air-conditioning but it is cool at night and I never needed it. I would strongly recommend using the free SF greeters pprogeam (guides who are residents of SF. They love to show you around their city and answering any questions, showing you areas of interest etc. I enjoyed my tour of Chinatown and various bus rides to see the neighborhoods of SF. The free breakfast was plentiful and excellent (eggs, ham/turket, yogurt, juice, cooked oats, cereal, toasts and bagels) and there was even an evening wine tasting with snacks.There weren't too many restaurants around the hotel (although Eliza's, 3 blocks away was excellent), so I'd rent a car if I'm staying here.	
Jun 14 2007 	Just Excellent	In town conducting difficult family business. Wanted and got a soothing place to stay while in the city. Slept with window open due to warm evening, got the best nights sleep of my life in any hotel! Quiet area and the staff is top notch. Zero fooling around, all dress well and behave appropriately. Much appreciated. Parking was fine in the area too, which helped a lot. Breakfast was great. You'll like this place. It only takes a few bucks more to &quot;do it right&quot; and the Drisco was a good value.	
Jun 1 2007 	Best Ever!	My expectations were high, but the Drisco met and exceeded them, which is a rare occurrence for me in my world travels. From the moment we walked in it felt like a private club, a home away from home. We had a corner suite with views from the tip of the Golden Gate Bridge all the way to the Bay Bridge. Extraordinary. The staff was excellent, courteous and very professional. Breakfast was terrific and afternoon wine service enabled us to meet some of the interesting guests. A home run!	
May 22 2007 	The Hotel Drisco is the Best!~	I found this hotel on trip advisor and booked 2 suites for my parents and their friends that were going to be traveling to SF. I also booked at the Four Seasons, because the people they were traveling with are a bit hard to please when it comes to accommodations and the Drisco does not have valet parking, which I thought may be a problem. They decided on staying at the Drisco and were so pleased they did. I booked 2 City View Suites and they were amazing! Great views and huge rooms. The reception desk assured me parking would not be hard for them to find (they are not City drivers by any means) and it wasn't! They found a spot right outside the hotel! They staff was fabulous and what a good deal. I think the suites were 279 a night! Highly recommended!	
May 10 2007	Perfect spot	Never had stayes in this part of San Francisco before. Pacific Heights is a great place to stay, quiet and scenic and the Hotel Drisco makes it even better with excellent service, amenities and a great breakfast.	
Apr 30 2007 	We felt pampered	My husband and I went to Hotel Drisco (which we had never heard of before) as a gift. What a wonderful gift it was for us! We've never gone to a hotel where there was someone to open the front door for us or where the front desk hands you a plate with warm wet wash cloths to wipe your face and hands after your long trip to get there. Nice touch! The room was lovely (A King Suite-Wong Room). It had fresh whole fruit in a basket ready to eat, robes and slippers for each person and some special treats for use in the bathroom. The bed was soooo comfortable and we are a bit picky when it comes to hotel beds. The continental breakfast was just delicious and there was a great variety of foods and beverages to choose from that morning. I'm so glad we were able to go, and we are looking forward to coming back when our anniversary rolls around.	
Apr 23 2007 	My new favorite place to stay	This hotel is wonderful. The staff is friendly and ready to answer any question one may have about just about anything there is to know about San Francisco. The continental breakfast seems a little more than continental and the location is great to get away from everything else. The Fillmore district is walking distance. Fisherman's wharf is minutes away. If you did not know any better, you would not know this was a hotel. This is my home away from home (At least until I purchase a home in SF).	
Apr 17 2007 	I love the Drisco!	I am very picky. I researched for hours before choosing the Drisco. The Hotel Drisco met all my needs. The hotel was charming and architecturally pleasing, the bathroom and deluxe king room very clean and comfortable, the water hot, the window on the courtyard opened to let in sweet air, the area provided easy parking unlike the Marina where I used to stay and gather tickets, quiet residential surroundings, and central to all activities I enjoyed like the byobw on Lombard, (see youtube for a laugh) a hike up Stow Lake, Chestnut street bbq, and cooking Easter dinner near the Haight for family. Wine and cheese at night and a hearty delicious breakfast in the morning and meeting couples from Oklahoma and South Carolina with whom to share stories were pluses. The staff was nowhere to be seen but always there to keep everything perfect. How do they do that!? And the best thing of all was a knock on my door to find a chocolate bunny waiting for me. I love the Drisco and it met all my expectations and more. I will always stay at the Drisco! Thanks to you all who recommended it!	
Apr 13 2007 	Fantastic place to stay while in SFrancisco	We spent the night in San Francisco to celebrate my husband's birthday. I had contacted the hotel asking them if I could come by earlier to drop off some champagne and other treats to be placed in the room with a card. When they found out it was my husband's birhtday they told me I did not need to bring any champagne, because that would be &quot;on the house&quot;. I dropped the other items in the afternoon and went to a meeting I had in San Francisco. Upon my return, everything was already in the room, in nice platters with special folded napkins and even flowers as an arrangement. Very impressive. They also wrote him a card!Everyone on the staff was delightful and extremely friendly. The breakfast was superb and made me start my day just right. The hotel is very clean, well appointed and the rooms are quite large. It feels like you are a special guest in someone's beautiful mansion. If you like walking, the neighboorhood where they are located has gorgeous houses and phenomenal views awaiting to be discovered.	
Apr 1 2007 	A cultured hotel	The hotel is in a select residential area and attracts an interesting and cosmopolitan range of guests. It is unhurried and professional with an excellent front desk. The 5pm wine interlude gives the chance to meet other guests and to see the world from other people's point of view. Continental breakfast with a good range. A cab ride to most places and good legs required if you wish to walk to local facilites. Try 'Rose's Cafe' or 'Home' on Union Street for light snacks or local restaurant Garibaldi.	
Mar 28 2007 	where you aren't a small plastic card with a number on it	I felt like a guest at Hotel Drisco--not a customer. I made my reservation on the phone directly with a staff member who, in the course of our conversation, asked me how I learned about the hotel. I explained that my husband and I had eaten there in 1990 when it was called the El Drisco and still had a restaurant, and that the meal had been our first date. And I explained that our return was an anniversary of that event. She seemed quite pleased with my story, and we had a pleasant exchange all around, and it was one of those rare times I was glad I had called instead of making a reservation online. When we arrived we learned we had been upgraded to a suite, and when we opened the door to that suite we found a chilled split of champagne and a lovely chocolate heart waiting for us. Of course none of this thoughtfulness would compensate if the room was unsatisfactory or the hotel a disappointment, but I found it all precisely to my liking. There are photographs of San Francisco from the 1890s on the wall of the hallway, perfectly appropriate for this old, well-preserved building. And the furnishings are tastefully age-appropriate as well--without being fussy or fusty. The bed, thankfully, was modern: firm. The bathroom amenities? Aveda. And there's a neat little bathroom &quot;mini-bar&quot; with tea bags and fizzers for the bath tub and other such items. But most of all, aside from the occasional creak and water-through-the-pipes whoosh, which I associate with the life of an older building, Hotel Drisco is deeply, soothingly quiet. Like from-another-century quiet. It's the perfect respite from a day of heavy sight-seeing or relative handling. Or, as it was for my husband on that anniversary, and will be for me next week, a perfect rest stop before minor surgery the next day.	
Mar 13 2007 	If you need to ask...	Hotel Drisco is in the midst of haute Pacific Heights, a beautiful neighborhood of incredibly expensive homes with drop-dead views over the city and the Golden Gate Bridge. Unfortunately, unless you happen to be a mountain goat, there is absolutely nothing within reasonable walking distance that would interest a visitor; not even a drug store or decent wine shop. Only two bus lines come nearby, and a car in San Francisco is almost as useless as one in Manhattan. So, abundant cab fare is a must.The hotel is very European, with generously-sized rooms, just functional bathrooms, and a lovely breakfast buffet(included). There is great light, especially on the fourth floor, where we stayed in a two bedroom suite. Service is limited to the three or four very willing employees, so don't expect big hotel amenities, and you won't be disappoited. If you're tired of the Union Square bustle and can't stand the large, corporate hotels designed for the business traveler, you might find Hotel Drisco a wonderful retreat.	
Mar 8 2007 	The Hotel Drisco was delightful	Spent three nights wife my wife at the Hotel Drisco in late February. Lovely old hotel with gorgeous suite room. Quite impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the entire staff. Continental breakfast was first rate. Pacific Heights is a remarkable neighborhood - architecture is stunning. The hotel's arrangement allowing guests to us the Presdio YMCA is really nice - great facility within a nice 20 minute walk of the hotel. Catching a taxi for dinner required a few extra minutes though the staff is happy to make arrangements. Would gladly return and highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 8 2007	I Left My Heart................	Our daughter attends law school in San Francisco and she found the wonderful Hotel Drisco for us! Our favorite place to stay while visiting her, and the beautiful city by the bay. How lucky we are to spend time in beautiful Pacific Heights. The hotel is everything we love, comfy, cozy, charming, and very attentive to ones needs. Outstanding buffet breakfast included to begin the delightful San Francisco day! Don't forget your walking shoes, you will be challenged on your return uphill trips!	
Feb 7 2007 	Very nice Inn - Location could be better	Quite lovely B&amp;B Style hotel. We booked a room and got a corner suite with separate living room. Bed was very comfortable, service was excellent, complementary internet service was the fastest we've experienced. Unfortunately, the weather was not very good (not the hotel's fault), the hotel has no restaurant or bar, and there were no restaurants, bars or shops within easy walking distance. If you don't mind taking a cab or driving (free on-street parking was easy to find within steps of the door - there was a three-hour daytime parking limit but the bellman offered to move our car for us if we left him the keys) it is a quite comfortable and elegant - if a little pricey - place to stay in the city.	
Jan 29 2007 	We love the Drisco	This is our third stay at this lovely boutique hotel. It is an elegant experience. The location is wonderful, the rooms are beautiful. But the best part by far is THE STAFF. They can't do enough for you and are so friendly. We won't go anywhere else in San Francisco, the Drisco is truly wonderful.	
Jan 28 2007 	Peace and quiet in Pacific Heights	The Hotel Drisco is a warm, comfortable neighborhood hotel with small, but well-planned rooms. It’s neither plush nor high-end luxury, but it is cozy, quiet and charming. The rooms are well-thought out and everything you might need is considered (the bedside radio has pre-set stations, the bathroom has Aveda products and a thoughtful basket of bath supplies for purchase, etc.). The free breakfast is enjoyable, and the dining room is light-filled and relaxing. Overall, the effect is like being in a B&amp;B in a quiet neighborhood. And what a neighborhood it is: Pacific Heights is one of the priciest, and loveliest neighborhoods in San Francisco and it was a real delight to live among the splendor of the million-dollar homes in this area, if only for one night. This is by no means a high-design business hotel for a fast-paced visit to the City by the Bay. This is a relaxed, welcoming residential retreat for people who want to be away from the usual hustle and bustle of San Francisco. If you’re looking for peace, quiet and comfort, this hotel is a good choice.	
Jan 12 2007	Great location and loads of class	We didn't really know what to expect upon our arrival, but we were definately impressed with every aspect of this hotel! We checked in to find that we were upgraded to a larger room - when we arrived in our room, the radio was playing jazz - that was a nice touch. The attention to details throughout the property are impressive. The colors of pure white, soft creams and pale yellows are soothing. The linens and ammenities are of high quality. The location couldn't be more perfect for us, situated in Pacific Heights, walking distance to the best shopping and restaurants in the city. The breakfast that they serve was also very nice. We enjoyed our stay so much that we have already returned since this first visit - we will be back again.	
Jan 2 2007	Drisco Mania	I liked it, it was clean. The man at the front door smiled at me.	
Nov 7 2006	Frisco Drisco	The Hotel Drisco was super-accomedating, they upgraded my hotel room free of charge. There was an excellent breakfast spread in the morning with the N.Y. Times.	
Nov 4 2006 	Simply Wonderful	I just returned from a 3 night stay with my husband and my parents. There are only great things to say about this hotel. The rooms were charming, clean and very comfortable. The common spaces invited you to relax while reading the morning paper or over mid-afternoon tea. The staff was welcoming and very helpful. I can't say enough about the location. It is the perfect spot for seeing some of the the most breathtaking views of the city. Being so close to Union and Fillmore Streets made it easy to find a variety of great restaurants nearby. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2006 	Fabulous Stay!	Hotel Drisco was all that we expected and more. We had been told of its ambience and charm - and it certainly had both of those. We were meeting friends for the weekend and exploring San Francisco for the first time.The staff was extremely helpful with directions and recommendations for restaurants. The evening wine and cheese were an elegant touch. Our friend enjoyed the nightly cookies that were part of the turn down service. And the freshly squeezed orange juice with the morning breakfast was as good as we have here in Florida. Thanks to Hotel Drisco, our stay in San Francisco was memorable.	
Oct 29 2006	Great place for wedding families to stay	My wife and I used Hotel Drisco three years ago for our families during our wedding weekend. Everybody loved the smaller, more intimate setting and, of course, the location at the top of Pacific Heights. Walk one block to Broadway and you can see the entire Bay... Golden Gate, Marin headlands, Treasure Island, and Alcatraz. We have since moved from the Bay Area but usually stay at Hotel Drisco when we visit.	
Oct 26 2006 	Excellent!!!!!!	Brilliant hotel with staff to match. This is a great location and close to all you want to see in SF. The only issue is the parking but this appears to be a SF thing. The room was excellent and the front desk very helpful and knowledgeable - try the restaurants they advise it's worth it. The 4 nights we were there were the best out of a 3wk tour of California which included 3 nights in the Venitian in LV. The hotel has a drinks reception 5.30-6.30 which was great to meet fellow guests informally. A great place to relax and unwind with 5 star service to match.	
Oct 21 2006 	My home way from home	This is the second year that I've stayed at the Drisco and have come to think of it as my home away from home when in SF. I was in town working for 10 days, with 7 colleagues who stayed there too, and welcomed the extra-comfy beds and quiet location after long, 14-plus-hour days.	
Oct 17 2006 	Charming welcoming spotless luxury	This was my third visit to the Drisco, and my third room/minisuite. This time I had a courtyard view, but did not find the room dark at all, as suggested by reviews below. As always, the bedding was luxe and comfy, as were all the added touches--fresh fruit in the room, slippers in the armoire. It is true that the Drisco is located in a (very ritzy) residential neighborhood--which makes for quiet nights, a real plus--so you do need to ask the staff at the desk to ring for a taxi, which they cheerfully do. Just be sure to give some advance notice. One of my favorite things about the Drisco is its tiny, hidden workout room--one treadmill, one stairstepper, one sta. bike, some weights and that's it. Another favorite is that you can arrange in advance to be picked up in a town car at the airport for only a very few dollars more than what a van service would cost--worth it, worth it, worth it! The staff here are to a person outstanding including and especially the driver of said town car. This really is a fine hotel.	
Oct 9 2006 	Perfect honeymoon hotel	We stayed here as our first stop on honeymoon in June and it was a real treat! The area of Pacific Heights is just beautiful and the hotel itself was peaceful, refined and atmospheric. If you want a quiet, intimate setting, a real feeling of old-style glamour then this is the place to stay. Breakfasts were perfect and we really appreciated the glass of wine in the lounge after a busy day in the city. Warning - its quite a walk into the main areas of the city and mostly uphill on the way back, but for get away from it all honeymoon bliss it was perfect!	
Oct 8 2006 	Near-perfect stay	We just returned from a wonderful four-night stay at the Drisco in Pacific Heights. Having previously lived in SF for years, we'd never checked into a local hotel before (but had seen plenty through work and friends). The Drisco was a rate treat -- an affordable property with superior service.PROS:-The views! Be sure to ask for a room with a city or bay view (one person in our group had a courtyard view, and therfore, a dimly lit room). Our city view was, in a word, spectacular: all of Lower Pac Heights, the Haight, downtown... all the way to Twin Peaks.-The rooms and bathrooms were spacious and spotless. Our bathroom had a wall-to-wall window and glassed-in tub/shower so you can catch the view from your bath. -The service was excellent. Turn-down at night comes with fresh cookies and a pitcher of ice. The front desk went out of their way for us, even after we had checked out.-Complementary wine and cheese happy hour every evening.-The free continental breakfast (cereal, oatmeal, croissants, fruit).-The price: a fraction of what other &quot;luxury&quot; hotels in town charge.CONS-Every morning at 5:45 a.m. on the dot, the strong smell of coffee permeated our room. It literally smelt like someone was brewing a pot right next to our pillows (several other guests shared similar experiences). Obviously, this isn't a problem for those who love coffee -- or get up at 5:45 -- but as we don't, it was unpleasant and hard to fall back asleep-Location. Though the Drisco is in arguably the most beautiful neighborhood in the city, it's very difficult to catch a cab. We ended up waiting at least 25 to 35 minutes, sometimes longer, each time we went anywhere. This is not the hotel's fault, but keep in mind you'll either have to plan/call way ahead or rent a car. All in all, a great stay. Our friends were at the Ritz in Nob Hill and we couldn't really see a difference btwn the two places ... other than a few hundred dollars and the Drisco's less stuffy ambiance.	
Oct 6 2006 	The Best	After glowing reviews I decided to splurge on the last 2 nights of an 8 day trip up the California coast with my sister and mother. It was well worth it. We had a 4th floor two bedroom corner suite with amazing 180 degree views. It was hard to make ourselves leave to see the sights. The mostly residential upscale neighborhood made us feel very safe but it wasn't within walking distance (for us) to restaurants or the cable car line. We had a car with GPS so didn't find driving to our destinations a problem at all.An excellent continental breakfast and wine/cheese in the afternoon. The front desk was very helpful with restaurant suggestions and reservations. The only negative was that the beds were very uncomfortable given the quality of the hotel and the price.	
Oct 6 2006 	A real home from home	We stayed in a great downtown hotel on our only visit to San Francisco 10 years ago but had enjoyed a walk through the Paciifc Heights neighbourhood and decided to search there for hotels for this trip. The Drisco best suited our requirements and we weren't disappointed. Very comfortable and friendly with good breakfast. Real coffee, including decaf, and a large variety of tea bags/hot water always available in cozy lounge with portable cups/lids also available if you want to take to your room. We also enjoyed the early evening wine/canapes but, unfortunately, could not always make it back in time as we had lots to pack in to each day. We had a deluxe room which was spacious and well appointed, as was the bathroom. We did originally request a city view (if possible) but got a courtyard view which was fine as we were on the top floor so it was quite light and we weren't planning to spend any time in there anyway (we didn't bother to enquire whether it could be changed). The hotel also provided some very useful information sheets on sightseeing, activities etc.We had no problems staying away from the main activity. We obtained a 3-day Muni pass and found the area well served by buses, either one or two blocks away and it was nice to retire to the peace and quite of such a lovely neighbourhood at the end of the day. We also found nice restaraunts and bars locally and enjoyed strolling past the elegant houses. The Drisco/Pacific Heights was a real home from home, albeit rather more elegant than our own home and neighbourhood!	
Oct 4 2006 	Wonderful Find	The hotel is found among the residences of Pacific Heightswhich makes the hotel very peaceful. The staff went out of there way in accomadating any of our requests. I will come back on mu nexy visit to San Francisco.	
Oct 4 2006 	Quiet and restful upscale hotel removed from city noise	We stayed here for four days in a suite. The suite was great---very large and bed was comfortable but the furniture did show a little wear. Had great views though Pacific Heights. We requested a higher floor and a corner suite and got it. Since we were on the 3rd floor of a four story hotel and this is an older bldg, we did hear the people walking around above us but it was not disturbing---muffled. Breakfast was fine, nothing special. Bellman was great and told us where to park. We never had any trouble finding free parking and as others have noted, the bellman will move your car if you leave it there during the day. The front desk was good with restaurant recommendations. No real complaints except to say that the bath products nex to the tub are not free. We used most of them and then discovered a pricelist for each item had fallen behind the table. Our fault. We had no interest staying anywhere near Union Square, too noisy and crowded. This was a great alternative as taxis are just a phone call away.	
Oct 1 2006 	Wonderful family reunion	I just had to write after seeing a negative review about, of all things, Pajamas!!?? When my son married in San Francisco several years ago we all stayed there and had a blast. Our room was lovely, the service was exceptional, and my daughter-in-law had her bridesmaids' luncheon there on the day of the wedding, which was delicious and well-served. This hotel is a little bit more expensive than what we usually need, but I would not hesitate to stay there again if the situation called for it. Pisces143	
Sep 27 2006 	Like Sleeping in Grandma's Attic	Nice hotel in Pacific Heights, but my room had two single beds and was the size of a postage stamp. Not sure why they don't just use one double bed instead, but it felt like I was sleeping in my grandmother's attic. I'm a small woman, but the single bed situation in a nice hotel does not cut it. I didn't sleep very well as a result. The bathroom, on the other hand, was big and the neighborhood, right by the Presidio, is gorgeous.	
Sep 11 2006 	nice hotel but bad(amateur) service	overall, nice hotel, but bad service.as soon as i arrived, i climbed up the stairs(parlour) to the check in desk and asked for help with my luggage. we had 7 large pieces of luggage. nobody showed up to the street curb and my husband and I unloaded everything from the taxi and carried it up the stairs all by ourselves!!! this was entirely unacceptable but the person at the desk(a young guy) simply somewhat apologized saying he couldn't find anyone. !!??!i decided to forget about this one time bad experience as i guess these mishaps could happen anywhere?the next day i approached the desk to ask a simple question. i was behind a guy who was taking his time to occupy 2 people at the desk(different people from the first day of check in). i patiently waited. the 2 people who were working behind the desk did not aknowledge me once and had me keep on waiting. furthermore, when another customer randomly cut in line and simply approached the desk to ask his question, the woman(older curly hair) behind the counter started helping the other person when she clearly saw me standing in line for at least 5 minutes. WTF!!??this hotel exudes class from the outside, but has none in the inside. the employees are amateurs.	
Sep 11 2006 	one of the best stays - ROMANTIC	I wanted to take this opportunity to thank you and your excellent staff for making our 15th anniversary, one of the best experiences to date.Everyone we dealt with, from the front desk to the cleaning staff were top notch. I have stayed in many varied hotels in my life, but this one was by far one of the nicest...we both love historic hotels!Thank you so much for the amazing room (207). Having a room with a view and one that was so nicely appointed made for a very romantic experience. The champagne and chocolates, with the nice card was also appreciated.The included breakfast is a great touch and matches the high standards of this hotelSo please thank everyone and if we come to SF again, we will be staying with you! Being relatively close to Califorinia street and the #1 bus made getting to down town/cable cars easy.	
Sep 6 2006 	Romantic and perfect	My husband and I just returned home from a 5 day stay in San Francisco to celebrate our 10th anniversary. According to our budget, we could only afford one night in a really nice hotel, so I spent lots of time researching different hotels. The Hotel Drisco's reviews stood out among the others.  We were not disappointed upon arrival. The neighborhood was quiet and beautiful. The staff were all more than gracious and helpful. The room was beautiful and well appointed. After a long, busy 4 days exploring the city, it was so nice to enjoy the bath amenties and a long relaxing soak. With the plethera of dining choices available in San Francisco, we had contemplated going out for breakfast after checking out, but we decided to stay and enjoy as much of this little gem as we could before leaving. The hotel breakfast had a wonderful selection of foods and we enjoyed a quiet start to our long day of travel homeward.  All in all, we found the Hotel Drisco to be absolutely romantic and charming. Our only regret was that we couldn't have spent every night of our stay at the Drisco. We look forward to spending much more time there in the future.	
Sep 4 2006 	Lovely hotel off the beaten path	My husband and I booked a four night stay in a large King suite at the Drisco. On arriving in SF and realizing that we were a $10 cab ride from the tourist attractions, we were at first disappointed. But the Hotel Drisco's location in Pacific Heights is so lovely and quiet that we quite fell in love with it. Pacific Ave is an elegant street of private homes overlooking the bay. Just gorgeous. The room was huge, clean and attractive; the bathroom was modern and clean. Breakfasts (included) were delicious. The front desk was friendly and even helped me book a side trip to Yosemite one day ahead, when another tour company cancelled at the last minute. I would definitely go back and recommend the Hotel Drisco to anyone (knowing you cannot walk to the cable cars or Fisherman's Wharf).	
Aug 16 2006 	Could not wait to stay here....Was really let down	I searched high and low for just the perfect hotel for our ONE and ONLY Night in San Francisco. We had traveled to San Francisco all the way from Virginia, and I was so looking forward to Staying at the Drisco. Whe we walked in, it was just like I had imagined, lovely, just like the pictures. I could not wait to get checked in and see the beautifully decorated early 1900's king size room, that hopefully had a city view like I had requested. Upon checking in I was told that they had given our room away to a guest that had wanted to stay another night. There was only one room left, but they would give it to us complimentry. They showed us the room, it was down a hall across from the front desk, it was very, very small, had a view of a window of another room, AND we did not have a bathroom in the room. We would use a bathroom down the hall. The bathroom was just for our own use, but it WAS DOWN THE HALL!!! I was sooo disappointed. It was later in the day, and we had been seeing the cites all day, we were tired and just were looking forward to relaxing and enjoying a beautiful room. I was speechless, as I was just so disappointed in our accomidations.  The service was very nice, the breakfast very nice too, but I just could not get over my disappointment of the room, the view that did not exist, and the bathroom being down the hall. It just was very disappointing for our ONE and Only night in SF. I could of stayed anywhere in San francisco, but I chose the Drisco because of the reviews, location, and quaintness of the rooms that I had read about. I just feel like the Hotel should of offered us a room somewhere else in SF, (and there are many) in another one of the hotels the Joie de Vivre Hospitality boutique hotel's, that company own. Amy A.	
Aug 13 2006 	hard to find fault with this hotel	Our stay in the Drisco was a pleasurable experience. Everyone was welcoming and friendly.I was impressed that a member of staff made an effort to find me when I recieved an incoming phone call and I was not in my room.Praise has to be given to the staff who gave a high cleaning standard in our extremely comfortable accomadation.We had a suite and our son a room. We agreed it was the same standard throughout.The continental breakfast was very good and a wine aperitif in the evening was appreciated.Credit has to be given on all members of staff for making it such an enjoyable 3 nights stay.I would definately use this hotel again.	
Aug 12 2006 	Nicest staff on earth!!	My wife, daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Drisco last week. We had never been to San Fancisco. Being from Indiana we wanted to take our daughter somewhere we had never been, before she went off to college in a few weeks. San Francisco was the right chose and the Hotel Drisco was the perfect place to stay. The staff is the friendlies we have ever had. They gave us great advise on the sights, booked our reservations for dinner every night and even help with moving our car when the streets had to be cleaned. After the first day I was always addressed by my name. I don't know how they remembered, but they did. Pacific Heights is a great area of town and we always felt safe in the neighborhood. I would highly recommend this hotel for any occasion. Families, Business travel or a romantic getaway.	
Aug 6 2006 	Hotel Drisco is the Best	My wife and I have visited SanFrancisco many times and have stayed at many differant locations and hotels. The Hotel Drisco was heads above the rest. Beautiful room, spacious bathroom, and a beautiful view. Very relaxing atmosphere. Beautiful location in a very safe upscale residential neighborhood. Outstanding service. Very friendly and accomodationg staff. Easy parking on the street just steps outside the door. We will always be staying here when visiting San Francisco.	
Aug 5 2006	My personal pied a terre in SF	My experience at Drisco started 3 years ago and since then every year I go back I feel at home, located in a beautiful residential area, gves the proper surrounds to relax after a sightseeing day or working day, It´s style and touch of class make it special , The attention of all the team make me feel a queen and the privacy gave me the space to feel on my own but pampered, its one of the jewels I expect to find when I travel and that make me come back to the same place like a small part of home at Drisco... I am always looking to go back and enjoy the wondeful attention I get there and warmth,,,, that make me feel so good 1!!!!!,, Evangeline..	
Aug 1 2006	Bring your earplugs...	Loved eveything about the place except that there were no earplugs supplied for those of us staying on the lower floor. SF Marathon was the next morning and we heard the couple above us preparing to go and watch it at 4:45 am-complete with toilet use, talking, dressing, shoe droppings, walking around and finally leaving the room. Would definitely stay there again but will bring earplugs...	
Jul 30 2006 	Favorite place in San Francisco	We stayed at the Hotel Drisco in celebration of our daughter's law school graduation. Having visited San Francisco numerous times over the last thirty years, we have finally found a home away from home. Located in a quiet, safe neighborhood perfect for strolls and views of the bay, the Hotel Drisco has an extremely friendly, helpful staff and a European atmosphere. We stayed with our adult son in an airy two-room suite much larger than most. We were not prepared for the cool weather and requested heat for the room. In no time, a portable heater was delivered which took care of the problem beautifully. We recommend the Hotel Drisco without reservation.	
Jul 29 2006 	Thank you Trip Advisor	When I booked my holiday, the Drisco was your top rated San Francisco hotel. I am sad to see it has fallen to 6th position since. It deserves to be back at the top. We had an awful 24 hour flight thanks to American Airlines and its bungled booking system. We were so relieved that we had booked the Drisco. Their driver was wonderful and sorted out all our arrangements with regard to delays while we hung around in Dallas and Chicago. He picked us up from the airport at 12 midnight when we were past caring if we arrived in San Francisco or not. And then when we arrived at our destination, we had the most beautiful room which was ready and waiting with sheets turned back ready for us to fall into a deep sleep. I am so glad we chose such a wonderful hotel. It was like home from home and the attention to detail and helpfullness of the staff (particularly Roberto the driver) were very much appreciated. I have mentioned this hotel to all of my friends who live in California, but most of them already know the Hotel and hold it in high regard. What more can I say ??	
Jul 25 2006 	Perfect location	We chose this hotel for its convenient location in Pacific Heights. We got so much more than we bargained for with a lovely breakfast, fun happy hour and terrific staff who bent over backwards to help us. This is a wonderful place that we will most certainly visit again.	
Jul 13 2006	Superb stay at the Drisco	A spur of the moment idea to celebrate our 39th Wedding Anniversary in San Franciscoyielded one of our favorites hotels, ever--The Drisco.We had tickets for a concert on a Saturday afternoon and thought it might be fun to spendthe night in a lux hotel to add to our celebration. A search on TripAdvisor brought myattention to the Drisco. Since we live just across the bay, we didn't need to be in adowntown location. We preferred charm and personality over a corporate-type hotel.The Drisco had a vacancy for us and I just happened to mention it was our Anniversarywhile speaking to the lovely man on the phone to make our reservation.We quickly packed a bag and made the 1/2 drive across the Golden Gate Bridge ona gorgeous, sunny day to the Pacific Heights area of The City.Knowing The City quite well, we knew we couldn't go wrong in Pacific Heights.We were welcomed to the Hotel like &quot;old friends&quot; and were given an upgrade (becauseit was our Anniversary) to a gorgeous suite. What a delight!! It was a corner room witha lovely vista out over rooftops across The City with soft, tasteful furnishings and anexquisite bathroom. We were so happy that we decided to spend another night!!And, to top it all off, they brought us champagne and chocolates!!We had a very nice continental breakfast (included) the next morning, coffee and teawere available 24 hours a day in the beautiful &quot;sitting room&quot;, and they also servedafternoon wine and cookies.We loved every minute of our beautiful weekend celebration. We walked and walkedand walked because in San Francisco there are so many beautiful places with beautifulvistas...The Marina Green to Fort Point...Union Street...Chestnut Street...Pacific Heights...The Presidio...plus so many others.On our second night, the fog rolled in to make the &quot;romantic&quot; feel complete.Thank You, Hotel Drisco staff, for a wonderful weekend.You will be our &quot;home away from home&quot; in the City from now on.P.S. Don't change a thing...everything is perfect!!	
Jul 10 2006	An A+!!	My wife and I just returned from our trip to Wine Country and San Francisco. We stayed at the Hotel Drisco the first night we got into San Francisco and then for 2 nights after coming back from Sonoma and Napa. We can't say enough good things about the staff (who were extremely helpfull, knowledgable and friendly), the hotel (clean, classy and great location) or the area the hotel is in (quiet, beautifull views and safe area). We will stay there again the next time we go back to San Francisco, without hesitation!-Brad S.	
Jun 30 2006	Can't wait to return!	We spent 3 wonderful nights at this hotel and could not fault it. It is a beautiful hotel in a wonderful part of town. This hotel is in a residential area in the Pacific heights area so its location may not appeal to everyone but we loved it.We were travelling with a 2 year old and this is the first hotel where we have ordered a crib to have it waiting for us nicely made up in the room. The rooms was elegantly furnished, spacious and the bathroom was beautiful. We did not experience any noise from neighbouring rooms.The front desk staff were very welcoming and helpful and we could not have asked for more. They were more than happy to provide information on walking tours and other San Francisco information.The complimentary buffet breakfast was tasty and we also managed to enjoy the wine reception on two of the evenings.We could not fault this hotel and would recomend it to anyone who is looking for a classy boutique hotel in a prestigious part of San Francisco.	
Jun 15 2006	My First Impression	My first impression was this place is beautiful. When I walked into the room, It was immaculate. It is the best and most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed at. Everyone was very courteous and charming. I definately would recommend to anyone to stay at Hotel Drisco and hopefully I will stay here again.	
Jun 12 2006	Nice but you can hear the other guests	My husband and I booked a King suite at the Hotel Drisco for our wedding night after hearing wonderful things about the hotel from our photographer. The interior was lovely (perfect for taking &quot;getting ready&quot; shots for the wedding). Everything was clean and fresh looking and staff was pleasant. My parents were a bit dissapointed that after ordering a bottle of champagne to be delivered to the room after the wedding, the staff delivered the champagne too early. When my husband and I arrived to our room there was champagne in a bucket with water (no ice as it had all melted). I have to say, I was a bit dissapointed as well because the staff knew that it was our wedding night and I felt should have gone above and beyond to make sure things were nice for that very reason. For example, when my husband and I were out of town celebrating our engagement (at a different hotel) the person at the front desk sent a complimentary bottle of champage up to our room to congratulate us. The Hotel Drisco staff did not make any attempts to help us celebrate our wedding day or make it an extra special stay. After a long night of partying at our wedding we were ready to sleep in and order breakfast in bed. No such luck! The second the person above us woke up, we could hear them walk to the bathroom, flush the toilet, run the sink, etc. We were up at 6am after getting to bed at 2am--not the bliss I had in mind for my first day as a married woman : ) You really can hear the other hotel guests (and we had a corner room so I guess it was not as bad as it could have been.)	
Jun 6 2006	{ar Excellence!	My business includes a fair amount of travel, and San Francisco, of course, rates high on the list of cities I call on. I am in San Francisco several times a year and the city is more inviting to me because I can stay at the Hotel Drisco.The Drisco is what I feel a real &quot;boutique hotel&quot; should be. Its located in an elegant residential neighborhood away from downtown, but not too far to be incovenient. Located in Pacific Heights overlooking the Bay it offers wonderful views and quiet streets, with some very charming shops and varied restaurants within walking distance.The decor is elegant and welcoming, really designed for comfort, and suggests a fine country inn. The staff are exceptionally well trained offering service equal to any of the most prestigious hotels I've ever visited,- comparable to the Four Season, the Ritz Carltons, here and abroad. Talking to other guests occasionally I find we are all enthusiasts and for the same reasons.The service leaves nothing to be desired, and everyone offers the same professional service with courtesy and a smile at all times.I really look forward to the few days I have at the Drisco. It lives up to the reputation San Francisco enjoys as a world class city. I feel its a world class hotel.	
Jun 1 2006	Terrible	We booked this hotel based on reviews here but were very disappointed. This is not a hotel but really a guest house, B+B style place. If you like to feel looked after and comfortable then this is not the place for you. It is an old house so everything creaks, this may appear charming but at 4am in the monring if anyone moves it will be heard and wake you up. also the hotel has no air conditioning. Alot of houses in San Fran don't have air conditioning due to the cool weather but most hotels do. Even average hotels here in the UK will have air conditioning and its colder here than San Fran. So if you want some air you have to open the window which ensures you will be woken by the street noise, cars etc. The rooms are very small so they do get stuffy easily so you have to open the window.The location is also not great. Pacific Heights is a very nice suburb but it is not within walking distance to Union Sq or Fishermans wharf so you have to taxi everywhere. There is no taxi stop nearby so you have to ask the front desk to ring you a taxi every time you want to go somewhere. For a B+B guesthouse it would be of a good standard and the breakfast is very impressive in a lovely room, but it has hotel prices so is totally not worth it. We didn't see it until too late but the Lonely Planet calls it a &quot;drastically overpriced option&quot;.All the positive reviews here are from people who stayed in suites not a standard room.	
May 31 2006	Two Thumbs Up	I HATE to write this review because I don't want this hotel to be overwhelmed with reservations. It is THE BEST VALUE in San Francisco, a VERY expensive city for hotels.Reservations: easy and efficient thru their website. They confirmed the reservation in record time.Check-in: fast efficient and accurate.Room: Large two room suite, with nice furniture, excellent lighting, and a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was large and well appointed, with excellent towels and bath products.Amenities: Excellent breakfast included every morning, and wine in the late afternoon...a fantastic touch. You can get a pass for the Presidio YMCA for an excellent workout nearby.Other highlights: FREE IN-ROOM HIGH SPEED INTERNET ACCESS. Abundant free on-street parking. An extremely quiet hotel location without any outside traffic noise. The neighborhood and the views are spectacular. Shopping and restaurants are nearby on Fillmore Street and Union Street.	
May 29 2006	Excellent hotel in an off the path location	My girlfriend and I recently had a very pleasant two night stay at the Hotel Drisco. It's a cute and quiet hotel with hospitable service. The hotel is located in the Pacific Heights section of San Francisco, which is a beautiful neighborhood, but an out of the way location for most site seers. We'd stayed two nights at the Arognaut Hotel prior to the Hotel Drisco and we both liked its location much better. The Hotel Drisco is a fine hotel and I recommend it for the traveler who doesn't mind copious amounts of walking or taking a taxi. The room was extremely clean, the breakfast was good, and it was nice to change hotel locations to see other parts of San Francisco.A jog through the nearby Presidio Park makes for an excellent early morning run.Parking around the area is not as bad as I had read. Perhaps that is because we are used to the NYC parking problems and this was not even close.	
May 18 2006	Very Nice! Great staff! Bargain!	What a nice, clean, well decorated hotel. The Hotel is off beaten path a little but is in a wonderful part of town. You are still very close to everything. Quick cab ride. We stayed in a suite which was very nice. Great views. The breakfast was very nice plenty to eat and great choices. The staff is great. We had no problems. Thanks,	
May 17 2006	Extremely Disappointed with El Drisco	We chose El Drisco in San Francisco for it's reputation for service within a boutique hotel. However, after a 5 day visit we would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone to stay in. As a result of staff losing some of our posessions whilst there, we have never experienced such poor customer service from a supposed service-oriented hotel. Not only did the staff repeatedly ignore requests to help but nearly one month later neither we nor our insurance company have been able to even get a response from senior management. We visited the hotel to celebrate our anniversary. Whilst the loss of the property is in itself very unprofessional, it is the rudeness of the hotel to not even register our loss or complaint that has caused us to be so critical of this hotel. It is a great shame that the hotel has let itself down in this way. We had genuinely expected higher service.	
Apr 9 2006	Classy Hotel!	We stayed in one of the suites in this hotel and were really impressed, it's not quite a 5 star hotel and there are little things that give that away (slight staining on the sofa for example) but it is a really classy place in a great location (albeit a long way from downtown San Francisco and the tourist traps of Fishermans Wharf) The continental breakfast is to be recommended with freshly squeezed orange juice.	
Apr 7 2006 	Super Nice!	I think this hotel was very nice. I am used to staying at cheap, chain hotels and this one definitely had a leg up on any chain hotel.I had a normal room (not a suite) that looked out on a little courtyard. It was extremely clean and comfortable. It had a closet and a private bath. There was also an ironing board and iron which was great because I was staying in San Francisco for an interview, so I was able to iron my clothes.I had no trouble finding parking. The street parking is free but you have to move your car every three hours between the hours of 8am and 6pm Monday through Friday. This was not a problem as I left for my interview and then went back out for lunch and gas afterwards, so I was out and about anyway. There is plenty of parking within two or three blocks of the hotel.There were plenty of restaurants that delivered to the hotel and I ordered Chinese food out for diner the first night I was there. The food was tasty and reasonably priced. The desk has plenty of menus available depending on your taste.Also, there are plenty of restaurants down on Fillmore Street along with some shopping. I really enjoyed eating at a Mexican Grill that is on Fillmore, I think the name of it was La Salsa or something like that.The hotel is also very near a scenic walk with views of the city and the bay. There is even one point that if you walk down a little embankment near a funny curved driveway you can see the Golden Gate bridge. Just ask the people at the desk about what to see nearby. I also felt that the hotel was in a very safe location and I wasn't worried about walking around by myself during the day.The breakfast was fantastic, it wasn't a typical hotel continental breakfast. They had boiled eggs, oatmeal, toast, scones, etc. and very good coffee. It was served in a cute little dining room and a waiter cleaned up after me.Speaking of which, the staff was very nice and very helpful. One of the guys at the desk checked me in for my flight and printed my boarding passes so that I wouldn't have to pay for the computer/internet they have set up downstairs. He remembered me the next day and even asked me how my interview went.It was a fantastic hotel and I would definitely stay there again. However, I wouldn't trust the mapquest directions, I got lost on the way to the hotel. Call ahead and ask for directions because the clerk at the desk gave me precise directions back to the airport and I had no problem finding my way with their directions.	
Mar 31 2006	Intimate boutiquewonderful amenities	I lived in San Franciso several years ago and have had the opportunity to stay in and visit a lot of the local hotels over the years. My family and I just stayed at the Drisco over the weekend of March 23, 2006. From the time of our arrival, the service was prompt and helpful. The check-in was courteous and efficient. The room was the two-bedroom and two-bath sutie. Large, spacious and comfortable. The living area and main bedroom had huge, gorgeous views overlooking the rooftops of the nearby Paciifc Heights mansions and the cityscape beyond. The sheets, bath linens and robes were wonderful and the bathrooms more than adequate. We had a generous sized fruit basket in our oom upon arrival, too.The Drisco is very close to the Pacific Heights, Union St. and Marina shopping districts but in a residential neighborhood...this means that the area right around the hotel is QUIET. If you are looking for nightlife within walking distance or close to Union Square, this is not the place to stay.	
Mar 28 2006	Magicial Stay	Our first stay and it will not be the last. It was a very sensuous and magicial place to stay.	
Mar 27 2006 	Echo - nice but no sleep	Stayed at the Hotel Drisco on the advice from this board for two nights last week. The hotel is like a &quot;mini-Ritz Carlton&quot; in many ways - nice decor, nice amenities (Aveda products, comp water, good honor bar). Service was great - very nice and helpful. They paid for the cab in the AM when the car service was late and moved our rental car for us during the day (there is a 3hour limit for street parking).We picked the hotel for the relatively good value for the money and because it was said to be &quot;quiet&quot;.Location: Pacific Heights is beautiful and very near the Palace of Fine Arts, Presidio, Marina, etc. We had picked the hotel hoping to spend time in this part of the city and hoping for good weather. We got rain and ended up spending most of the time in Union Square/Fisherman's Wharf area which is not so convenient. Cabs are necessary or driving to get to these places.Complaints: Robes and towels were very scratchy. Radiator heat is VERY loud. I always wear earplugs when sleeping but my partner was awoken at 4:30AM both mornings by a terrible banging in the pipes. The location of the hotel is quiet - the hotel is not. The exercise room is closed - they did offer a free pass to the YMCA but we didn't use it.The hotel is nice, and a good value for the money, but we'd stay elsewhere next time bc of the noise. If it is going to be loud, we would rather be more centrally located.	
Mar 22 2006 	Nice but no sleep	My experience is based on a short stay during mid-week for a business trip.First of all the Pacific Heights area is really residential, quiet and old world elegant. There are many absolutely gorgeous homes in the surrounding area. One can see the water views standing on the street corner outside. With that said, if you are the typical tourist, it's really not that close to any touristy spots. I would venture to guess that Union Square is a good 25 minutes walk (up and down steep hills, btw), as is Fisherman's Pier. It's not convenient to any of the trolley stops either. There's a complimentary car service to Union Square in the morning, but the rest of the time you have to find your own transportation.The decoration of the room is tasteful and elegant. Very comfortable bed but very stiff robe and slippers for some reason (need fabric softener!). Secondly, I don't know if it's the location of my room, but starting from 6AM I can hear my neighbor walking in his room, getting ready in the morning. The floor board creaks mercilessly and sounded like a herd of elephants stampeding. Needless to say I got no sleep from that point on. Third, there is no central A/C or heat. A/C may not be a problem since S.F. doesn't get that hot in the summer, but the kicker is that when the radiator turned on at 7AM in the morning it gave out such loud pinging noises that I thought someone was doing remodeling work next door.The breakfast, although touted as gourmet, was nothing to write home about. It's the basic starch, plus boiled eggs, although set in a very elegant dining area.The service was outstanding. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly without being intrusive. I was impressed when they called and paid for a taxi cab ride when the complimentary ride was running late. I think in sum this is a great place if you want efficient and friendly service, great for a romantic weekend getaway but I would advise bringing your own car to get around town and a set of earplugs to handle the noise problems (due to the old building's infrastructure).	
Mar 20 2006	Extraordinary service at Hotel Drisco!	I had been looking at small, upscale boutique hotels located in a quiet section of San Francisco. I had read some of the previous reviews and decided to try Hotel Drisco. It is worthy of all of the excellent reviews. The staff was more than helpful in every way. As I am a female traveling alone, I am very conscious of safety and security. The area is very safe and I felt secure at all times. The staff greeted me by name and always asked how I was doing. The amenities were also first rate. But the most impressive aspect of the hotel was the personalized service. All requests were met with a smile and without question from making restaurant reservations to small room repairs. One of the faucets in the bathroom was not functioning properly and I informed the front desk. I expected to have a washer replaced, but instead received a completely new faucet set. The breakfast that is provided was quite enough to satisfy my needs and very tasty. The only thing that people should be aware of is the only parking is on the street and is restricted during the day. I had no problem finding a space in the evening though. The Hotel Drisco was a great place and a great alternative to the large, somewhat impersonal hotels and I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Mar 13 2006	Outstanding Hotel!	The Drisco Hotel was one of the highlights of our stay in San Francisco, despite a cold and rainy weekend. Our room was tastefully decorated, spotless, and comfortable. The breakfasts were delicious. The views from the hotel are breathtaking, and the location is excellent: walking distance to Presidio Park and to numerous fine restaurants and easy bus access to most points in the city. But what really makes this hotel so outstanding is the attitude of the staff. Everyone, from the front desk staff to the chamber maids, was cheerful, helpful, hospitable, and really gave new meaning to customer service. Most hotels refer to their customers as &quot;guests&quot;, but this hotel really treated us that way. We hope to return, and will recommend it to all our friends and family.	
Mar 10 2006	Excellent	We stayed for 3 nights from 2-5 March inclusive. All the staff without exception were very hospitable, courtious and helpful. We had a suite and again this was a very good size, attractive and well maintained. The breakfast in the morning was very good and there was always plenty of everything. We would definitely stay again and would recommend it highly to anyone wanting to stay in a quieter but still close to everything environment.	
Feb 28 2006	Great boutique hotel	The Drisco is the perfect boutique hotel located away from the major tourist thoroughfares, yet close to many great locations. The neighborhood is great and public transportation is close, so getting around was never a problem. The room was clean, comfortable, and had a great view of the city from the top of the hill. Our favorite thing about the Drisco was the friendly service, especially from Marti the concierge. The whole staff was very helpful and attentive to all our questions and requests.We also found the topical Joie de Vivre information sheets very helpful. We definitely recommend this hotel!	
Feb 17 2006 	All our needs were met at the Drisco!	We stayed at the Drisco for business in San Francisco. There was a large group of us and we had meetings scheduled in the hotel for several days. Gerard and his staff were most helpful and gracious. Every request was quickly taken care of, and all of the staff were warm, and professional. The loccation can't be beat - We all enjoyed the Pacific Heights neighborhood in our off hours and found it easy to get to ther parts of the city. I would stay at the Drisco again in a heartbeat!	
Feb 14 2006	Wonderful boutique hotel	I chose the Hotel Drisco because I had often admired it while walking around the city in years past, and I hoped it would be the perfect base for my homecoming. I thought the hotel itself beautiful and charming, the breakfast buffet bountiful, and the evening wine hour a lovely touch. I also appreciated the Aveda toiletries, the CD player, excellent lighting in the bathroom, and the 24-hour coffee &amp; tea in the parlor.  The hotel exceeded my expectations in all ways, but I was especially charmed by the warm welcome I received from the moment of my arrival. Every staff member I encountered was professional and gracious, and they helped to make my visit both memorable and wonderful. This hotel is perfect for those seeking a romantic getaway or a quiet home base from which to explore some of the areas of the city few tourists see.	
Feb 11 2006	Elegant Charm in San Francisco	My husband and I actually live in San Francisco, but spent a few weekends a year at the Hotel Drisco.With it's outstanding upscale neighborhood location (Pacific Heights), it's the perfect spot for a relaxing getaway. And within walking distance to many locations including a fantastic view of the bay.The rooms are comfortable and chic, the bathrooms are luxurious marble. The complimentary breafast is a tranquil way to start your morning. Service is outstanding and the Hotel's Manager is thoughtful, professional, responsive and above all, charming.Needless to say - we'll be back again and again.	
Dec 29 2005	Exceptional boutique hotel with minor issues	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights over the x-mas holiday. Firts of all, the location is beautiful, nestled in the middle of Pacific Heights, which is essentially several square blocks of mostly older mini-mansions. Parking was never a problem right on the street alongside the hotel. At check-in, we were told we were upgraded to a &quot;junior suite&quot; at no additional charge, and we didn't even request one. The hotel is very antique-looking and charming, with creaky wooden floor planks and all. The free breakfast buffet was very good (fruits, cereals, toast, muffins and fresh squeezed o.j.) and the staff was great. We were treated to nightly turn-down service and the staff went out of their way to make our stay comfortable (bringing us a space heater when it got a little cold and calling taxis for us whenever needed). My only complaints are that there was some renovation going on during our stay and it was quite loud, but it was quiet at night and we were out all day sightseeing so it wasn't a huge factor. Also, our upgraded suite was on the dining room level, which is essentially underground, so we had absolutely no view. Other than that, it was very comfortable and a decent value for San Francisco.	
Dec 7 2005	Finest Hotel In San Francisco-An absolute gem	My family and friends stayed at the Drisco for 3-4 days in November, attending a family event. We used 7 single rooms and a suite. All of our friends were raving about our selection of our &quot;headquarters hotel&quot; The rooms were elegant, the service first class, the amenities outstanding, the breakfast more than we could eat and the manager, front desk and housekeeping staff were extremely helpful and accommodating, meeting all our requests. I would recommend the Drisco without any hesitation. For my money, the top hotel in San Francisco in a great, quiet neighborhood.	
Oct 11 2005	The most wonderful place!	My husband and I spent four nights at the Drisco the first week of October.What a wonderful hotel! Everything was just beautiful. We had a suite with a king size bed, a large bathroom, and the most stunning views from the many windows.The most delightful thing was to come in the evening and not to have lift a finger. The bed is already turned down, the shades pulled, and delicious cookies await you. Ice is left in a bucket, so you don't even have to get it yourself. The hotel is spotless, and parking is plentiful is this residential neighbourhood. The breakfast buffet is very generous and the display of food very elegant. We wanted to stay an extra night, even at the cost of paying a penalty to change our airline tickets, but to our regret the hotel was full.Thank you El Drisco for wonderful memories!	
Sep 29 2005	Quiet location!	At the last minute before we left for our trip to San Francisco, I changed our hotel from downtown to the Hotel Drisco. We really liked the location of the hotel. It was so much quieter and felt safer than downtown. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are smallish but clean and feel posh. There are restaurants and bars on Fillmore street within walking distance and downtown is only a few minutes away by cab or car. I would reccommend this hotel. Very nice.	
Sep 28 2005	A Gem! in already a wonderful city	If you are looking for a quiet &amp; lovely hidaway from the hustle &amp; bustle usually found in a big city, this is your hotel. Beautifully appointed rooms with fabulous admenities. Quiet nieghborhood within walking distance to quaint little shops and delicous restaurants nearby. My fiance' and I loved it so much we are spending our first honeymoon night there. The front desk staff was brillantly helpful. And because of their recommendation we found the prefect location to host our wedding reception dinner.Rooms are uniquely restored in up holding the old fashion glamour known of its time.	
Sep 8 2005	Loved the Drisco!	Our stay at the Hotel Drisco was one of the highlights of our recent trip to San Francisco. Our room was very comfortable, spacious and beautifully decorated. We loved the delicious buffet breakfast in the sunny dining room every morning. The staff were very helpful and attentive. Most importantly, because the Drisco is in a residential neighbourhood, it's very quiet at night which we really appreciated. We hope to visit SF again soon and would definitely stay at the Hotel Drisco.	
Sep 4 2005	Charming hotel with great staff and service	My husband, son and I recently stayed at the Hotel Drisco. We were treated wonderfully at this small, charming hotel in a great, walkable neighborhood. The staff excels at making one feel at home and well-cared for (even with a bouncy child). They deserve all the praise they get and a repeat clientele.	
Aug 20 2005	First-rate hotel	Lovely quiet area; excellent service.Nice traditional atmosphere.	
Aug 20 2005	Great find in the Pacific Heights	We were encouraged by friends who live in SF to try the Hotel Drisco and we were not disappointed. My husband and I have been coming to SF for 27 years and we have stayed in many premier properties but this was our first time in the Pacific Heights area. If you want to be near downtown and Union Square, this is not the place for you although the Drisco offers free morning shuttles to downtown. We loved the ambience, the view, the size of the room, the personal attention and the quietness of this charming jewel of a hotel in a beautiful residential setting. The service is friendly and attentive in this small luxury hotel without being presumptuous. We will definitely go back!	
Aug 14 2005	we left our hearts at The Drisco!	I had high hopes for our trip to San Francisco and staying at the Drisco ensured a wonderful trip. From my first contact with the staff to make our reservation, everything went incredibly smoothly. The staff is exceptional, always willing to go the extra step. They are professional yet friendly and if they can't answer a question immediately they will find the answer quickly. The actual number of staff is also impressive. The hotel is located in a magnificent area in SF and while it is not in the center of all the action, the view from the hills of Pacific Heights is far more exciting. The hills are rigorous but we also had a car and we had no trouble parking. You do have to move the car every three hours but the staff offered to do it for us if we weren't around! We had no trouble getting a cab as the hotel called them for us and they were there within 10 minutes. You are also near the Fillmore Street and Chestnut Street shopping areas which are a lot of fun. Our family stayed in a lovely two bedroom city view suite, which gave us ample room and stunning views. The bathrooms are large and well appointed. The continental breakfast and wine and cheese hour included for all guests makes the Drisco even more special and affordable. The dining room and sitting rooms are quite comfortable and inviting. We stayed a week and were extremely happy and would not even think of staying anyplace else when we return to SF.	
Aug 12 2005	Wow!	Stayed here with my wife and kids for 4 days before going down the southern coast. The hotel and location was magnificent and hands down the best in SF. However, it is not for everyone, especially those not fond of walking up and down hills. We returned only a few days later because we enjoyed it so much. The Pacific Heights neighborhood can't be beat, nor can the mansions which are stunning.The hotel and its staff are graceful and terrific. The rooms are very nice, especially the suites which is where we stayed in. I saw further down in the reviews that people complained of no a/c in the rooms. Hello...you don't need a/c is SF.	
Aug 10 2005	Its Not For Everyone But This Is Where I Want To Spend My Last Waking Days!!	Its off the beaten path. There are no bells and whistles. You have to walk up and down an Everest-ian hill every time you want to eat. Good luck getting a cab (but if you walk a few blocks you can catch a bus downtown...) Despite some quirks this is my favorite hotel in the United States. Its all about location, baby, and you cant do much better than this. All around you are $10 million houses and there's no better place to play pretend-you-are-a-rich San Franciscan than here. If you get the right room (always book a suite) the views are heavenly and the room sizes are very acceptable. I love nothing more than coming here with my wife on a cold, rainy weekend and spending the majority of our time in the room. The staff have all been here forever and while understated they are helpful and extremely competent. They serve a nice breakfast in their basement with fresh juice and decent pastries. If you want something garish, stay at the Mandarin. If you want the quinessential San Francisco experience, stay at the Drisco.	
Jul 10 2005	view of the City	My wife and I flew to San Francisco and wanted a Hotel removed from the hectic pace of the city while still being close to all the great places to see in San Francisco. We checked into the Hotel Drisco and received a warm greeting from the Staff. We were given a beautiful room overlooking the City of S.F. with a view that was spectacular in the evening when all the lights of the City were lit. The room was first class and the staff was very efficient and courteous. We would highly reccommend the Hotel Drisco to anyone wishing to have a relaxed and pleasant stay and a feeling of being wanted. The excellent buffet breakfast and the wine tasting hour in the late afternoon are just some of the many plusses you receive when you stay at this very elegant small hotel. My wife and I look forward to staying here on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Jul 3 2005	Can't say enough good things...	What a treat! We came to San Francisco on our way to Carmel for our honeymoon. We were there for one night. This place is top notch. It is considered 3.5 stars but we felt like we were at a 5 star hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful, like we were family. They upgraded us to a suite and it was over the top. The bellman was experienced, graceful and very accommodating. The rooms were clean, beautifully decorated with every attention to detail. Any request we had was met promptly and with class. We stayed at a &quot;5 Star&quot; in Carmel Valley and after the El Drisco, we were so spoiled! It didn't hold a candle to El Drisco.Excellent location away from the chaotic city down the hill. If you like walking, the neighborhood has the most beautiful homes. Caution..lots of steep grade hills so don't attempt if you aren't in decent shape. We will stay here again.	
Jun 30 2005	Our Secret Hideaway	El Drisco is one of the best kept secrets in San Francisco! My wife and I enjoyed a Pacific Suite. The room is as luxurious as the pictures indicate. Breakfast is a special treat in a confortable dining room. Wine in the parlor before dinner.We had a brief two days to see San Francisco. The staff was especially helpful. Marti, the Concierge, looked after our car for a day and made numerous arrangements for dinners and a play. Taxi's were promptly arranged when needed.In the AM, we took a walking tour with a Golden Gate Greeter that was especially helpful in getting to know the area and its transportation. The facility itself is very charming with sqeaky floors! It was built early 1900's. Located in a very quiet upscale neighborhood at the top of the city!	
Jun 24 2005	Family stay at the Drisco	My wife and I and our two small girls stayed for three nights at the Drisco. We had a large room with sitting area which turned into a family room very easily. The decorations in the room were lovely and we had a pleasant view from the window (although you can only see the tip of golden gate bridge because new buildings obscure the view). The childrens bed was a pull down sofa and seemd a little uncomfortable but they didnt seem to notice. The main bed was excelent. Breakfast was delightful: a host of delicious itmes served buffet style with an eye for healthy eating. The position of the Drisco is ideal for anyone interested in being out of the hustle and bustle of the city, but within easy reach of all attractions. We hired bikes down the hill and cycled over the golden gate which was great. There are some nice restaurants a few blocks walk away and its a short taxi ride or bus ride into downtown or fishermans wharf.The staff were all very friendly and the early evening free wine and biscuits is a nice touch.The hotel has the feel of a small friendly country hotel with enough luxury to make you feel special without feeling opulent. All this however comes at a price. We paid $600 for three nights. If you can afford it its a treat worth having. if your on a budget go elsewhere.	
Jun 20 2005	Refuge from the city	My wife and I stayed here for a week on our honeymoon. After navigating the complicated streets of downtown San Francisco (ie: Market Street), we arrived at the hotel ready for a break from the day of travel. Check in was simple and the staff was courteous and helpful. Although they don't have room service for meals and there isn't a restaurant around for blocks for a quick meal, the front desk offered menus to places who would deliver within an hour. The restaurant we ordered from wasn't magnificent by any means, but it beat trying to find a restaurant after only 1 hour in the city for the first time. Honestly, I was ready to leave San Francisco and we had only been there for 1-2 hours!!! Luckily, after winding down in a very quiet room with a city view, windows open with a cool breeze, and an extremely comfortable bed with enough covers to keep you warm through a blizzard, the next morning was a new day! Maps are essential if you have never been to S.F. We had a rental car and although parking was terrible in the city, at the hotel, parking was a breeze! Only a few steps away from the hotel and never had to pay. (Best parking is on Broderick St. towards Broadway or Jackson). Even if you plan to leave the hotel and use the MUNI system during the day, the hotel staff will move your car for you every 2-hours to avoid a ticket. This was nice! Check out CITYPASS for great deals in San Francisco.For the best rate after getting on-line quotes, I called the hotel to see if they could do better. Their rate was cheaper than any online site and I didn't have to mention a quoted price. Since we don't drink and there was complimentary champagne for our honeymoon, the staff substituted another drink in its place which was really nice. The buffet breakfast was a blessing each morning from 7AM to 10AM. Ice and cookies are served to the room each day around 5:30PM which my wife and I looked forward to when we got back each day from the city. Several changes/improvements we would recommend.... 1. Offer heat in the bedroom, even during the summer. It can get cold, even with the windows shut. (They do offer to turn it on for you, but we didn't see the need or trouble for them to do so just to &quot;get warm&quot;). 2. A more consistent staff meaning same faces, same place. What I mean by this is the front desk seemed to have a different person working it every time we passed throughout the week. This in no way hindered service and all were nice, but it's good to be consistent. 3. And lastly, more water pressure in the tub/shower. It was enough to get by, but we like a little more pressure.Located in a very quiet neighborhood, easy parking, great views, and a charm found only in select places, we recommend Hotel Drisco to others and plan on staying here for future visits.	
Jun 15 2005	Great boutique hotel	We stayed at the Drisco for 4 nights at the end of May, it was a stop over from our honeymoon in Hawaii back home to England. Overall the hotel was great.The hotel is in a lovely area of San Francisco - Pacific Heights and after spending a few days exploring San Francisco we realised that it was the only location for us. Its very quiet and a nice escape from the hussle and bustle of the city. We had a deluxe room with a city view which was great, big bathroom, very clean immaculate bedroom. Now I understand from what they said that there are only a few of these deluxe rooms with the city views, the other deluxe ones don't have such great views. So if you book a deluxe room ask for one of these.The hotel is on top of the hill so we either caught a cab or sometimes walked up...which certainly kept us fit!! The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to Fremont street which was great in the evenings when looking for a restaurant. The concierge service was great and very helpful and arranged a chaffeur driven car for half a day to take us to Muir woods (wow!!) and Sausilito - all for $55 an hour! . We also liked the complimentary drink for all the guests between 5 and 7..it was nice to meet and chat to the other guests.The things that could be improved upon were that the hotel served no food except a buffet at breakfast, upon our arrival being asked to call from our room for a takeway and not use the reception phone (although we could eat it in the dining room) which we found a little crazy and the shower was quite weak. Overall if we go to San Francisco again we would stay at the Drisco	
Apr 21 2005	If you want to stay here get a suite!	I just wanted to add my two cents. My wife and I purchased three nights at the Drisco from one of the luxury deal Web sites and stayed there in late October-early November of 2004. We had a suite with an unobstructed view looking southward -- nothing particularly spectacular, but still quite nice in that it gave the room a very airy feel. And the room itself was drop-dead gorgeous, just like the photos they publish on the Web site. It was very clean (and the hotel cleaning staff were very nice too), and we felt quite taken care of there. The breakfast was wonderful, probably the epitome of &quot;continental breakfast&quot; -- everything was fresh, and the atmosphere was first-rate. The front desk staff was a little hit or miss -- sometimes imperious, other times very accommodating -- but that was a minor quibble. It was so nice to be away from the downtown noise; the early morning hours there were downright serene. As another reviewer mentioned, parking is hard to find, but it's not impossible.One thing I'm picking up from all the other reviews -- if you're going to stay here, you probably need to get a suite. There are a few horror stories among the reviews, and it seems like all these bad stories come from those who didn't have a suite.If we can afford it or find another deal, we'll definitely be staying at the Drisco the next time we go to San Francisco. The hotel itself was one of the high points of our trip.	
Apr 20 2005	Beautiful Experience	The location of this hotel and the warm friendly service are a perfect match. High atop Pacific Heights, a beautiful neighborhood. Do not be phased by the hilltop location. Once you're there it's a charming walk to Palace of Fine Arts, Marina, Presidio, Union Street or Fillmore Street shops and restaurants. Why stay in a touristy location like Union Square, when you can be part of the city in a safe and quiet locale? Hotel service was superb. Breakfasts healthy and delicious! Was not disappointed in the Deluxe Room given for the $175/night, 3-night special package--very nice room, exceptional for the price. Parking on the weekends absolutely no problem near the hotel if you can walk one steep block. Since everything is in a downhill direction from the hotel, really enjoyed the cheap and frequent Muni ride home at the end of an active day (also one uphill block to walk &quot;home&quot; to hotel).	
Mar 25 2005	Did I Miss Something?	We spent 4 nights at the Drisco in early March, which was 3 nights too many for us. I'll try to keep my comments brief. We had stayed at a terrific &quot;boutique&quot; downtown hotel (the same chain) the previous 4 nights and really looked forward to a change of atmosphere in a residential neighborhood - and boy did we get one. The room was booked directly through the hotel website. We were given a hot, dark room on the 3rd floor overlooking an interior courtyard - the spectacular Pacific Heights views we anticipated were nonexistent unless we hung out in the hallway or on the roof. Through the window, we were in earshot of every noise from other hotel rooms and the adjacent apartment building - frankly, I prefer street noise to flushing toilets, baby crying, coughing, sneezing, and various other bodily functions. We had no fan and no AC, and the room was ridiculously hot even though it was 55-65 degrees outside every day. The bed was like a rock. Yes, the room was pretty and the bathroom was large, but who wanted to spend any time in a hot, dark, loud room? Strangely, every other room on our floor had a &quot;theme name&quot; posted on the door - ours didn't - and I don't think they would take my suggestion for a name. Front desk hotel staff were aloof. They promptly reminded us that the rewards program we signed up for on the chain's website does not include this hotel; I guess I should have read the fine print. The continental breakfast they serve is on par with any other chain, nothing spectacular, and we felt rushed by the busboys. The business center, while comprehensive, charges you $4 for every 20 minutes of computer time and $0.20 per page to print. I felt nickel-and-dimed, especially since the downtown hotel we had just checked out of included these services at no charge.Pacific Heights has lovely homes and unparalleled city views, but be forewarned: parking is nonexistent on weekdays (resident permits only). Restaurants and shopping on Fillmore and Union Streets are not far to walk to as the crow flies, especailly since they are downhill. However, the return trip is a strenuous, extremely steep climb up a 300' hill. Bus routes are at the bottom of the hill, so be prepared to seriously exert yourself every day. None of this is the Drisco's fault - but it would be nice if they offered some sort of shuttle service. Speaking of shuttles - if you book any bus tours from the Fisherman's Wharf area, they will not pick you up or return you to the Drisco since the hotel is far from the downtown area and situated on the hill. Bottom line: bring money for taxis.Perhaps the Drisco would be OK for a one night stay to see the Pacific Heights neighborhood, but next time I will remain downtown.	
Mar 13 2005 	Slightly Disappointed in Hotel Drisco	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Drisco. The hotel is very nice and is in a nice neighborhood. Parking is not difficult to find, but be aware that there is only a 3 hour limit on parking anywhere near the hotel without a permit which the hotel does not provide. The bellhop was nice enough to move our car for us when we were gone all day. Initially we got our room for $195 from hotels, when we arrived we were dissappointed to find out that this is for the very least desirable room on the basement floor of the hotel. The room was tiny and it was very hot that day and this hotel does not have air conditioning. Be aware that these rooms look absolutely nothing like the ones in the brochure or the website. We did upgrade to a suite which was very nice and comparable to the pictures on the website. But we did have to pay an additional $70 (they tried to charge us an additional $139/night). The service was very good and the bellhop and maids were very nice. There was one particular person at the front desk who was very stuffy and not welcoming to us. The breakfast was very average. Probably would not stay here again but the suite was very nice.	
Mar 8 2005	A great bargain in a different part of the city	Recently stayed at the Hotel Drisco and overall enjoyed our experience. The city view suite was lovely and the hotel has many lovely amenities ie. Frette robes/bed linens, cookies with turndown, high end bath products. The windows actually open and the staff were very helpful. Staying in Pacific Heights offered us a very different experience of San Francisco, allowing visits to Union St., The Presidio, Golden Gate Park as well as just walking around the beautiful houses in Pacific Heights. This is not a place for the physically disabled, as walking is essential and often difficult. Although we did not have a car, if you are unable or unwilling to walk, this hotel would not be a good fit. However, it allowed us to eat very well, get some great exercise, see part of the city we wouldn't have seen and never gain an ounce. The breakfast consisted of cereals, scones, croissants, hard boiled eggs. The things which could be improved upon are pretty picky, but would include better soundproofing on the hall doors, new carpets, more consistent housekeeping. This is not Campton Place, but still a lovely hotel in an equally lovely part of town.	
Jan 28 2005	Amazing hotel amazing value easy parking	What an amazing hotel and what an amazing value! For less than what you'd pay for a room at the boring hotels around Union Square, we had a luxurious suite with views of the Golden Gate, Coit Tower, and Alcatraz. The service was superb and the breakfasts were fabulous. We had been worried, when we booked, about finding parking on the street. Don't worry! There's no problem finding parking. We never had to park more than a block away. You will be very happy if you stay at the Drisco. I promise you. It looks as if this sentiment is unanimous.	
Jan 21 2005	Adorable Boutique Hotel	We loved Hotel Drisco. It is a boutique hotel in a gorgeous area of San Francisco. We stayed in a Deluxe King room. The continental breakfast was great. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're visiting San Francisco. We celebrated our 1st year anniversary there. We wouldn't have changed a thing :o) You will totally enjoy your stay.	
Nov 27 2004	A fabulous jewel	A fabulous boutique hotel in a neighborhood with spectacular views of the city....we came for my 50th birthday and were upgraded to a city suite that was more memorable and charming than that of my honeymoon. We actually cancelled another reservation on our way back from Monterey Peninsula to stay here again.	
Oct 11 2004	Drisco is Wonderful!	The Hotel Drisco is very attractive, comfortable, spacious and includes LOADS of amenities for free. Breakfast, wine and hors d'oeuvres, high speed internet in the room, all included. The rooms are very reasonably priced and the staff is well informed and friendly. For a stay in the Pacific Heights area, this may be the best. I happen to prefer this location to downtown.	
Sep 28 2004	Lovely time at Hotel Drisco		
Sep 25 2004	Homey Environment Service with a Smile		
Aug 6 2004	Unbelievable!		
Jun 3 2004	Awesome Views		
Jun 1 2004	A Gem!!!		
Mar 16 2004 	Great low-key hotel fabulous location		
Feb 12 2004	A Gem!		
Dec 1 2003	Disappointed with the Hotel Drisco		
Oct 27 2003	Low-key luxury in a great neighborhood		
May 2 2003	Loved the Hotel Drisco		
Nov 14 2009 	Top-Hotel für San Francisco		
Sep 2 2009 	parfait		
Jul 12 2009 	Das schönste in S.F.		
Dec 5 2008 	Ottimo!		
Sep 1 2008 	très agréable		
May 22 2007	magnifique avec un petit bémol		
