Nov 17 2009 	Foreigners like it Americans think it's a dive.	Shared bathrooms and only one shower on each floor. The bed smelled fresh but the comforters are the kind that scare you. The hallways remind you of a guys dorm in college. If the whole place looked like the front desk, it would be fine. Maybe wait until they are done remodelling to stay here.I would recommend this hotel to people who love hostels and to guys who are in the city for the purpose of drinking a lot, want to have a good location and don't plan on sleeping much.	
Oct 25 2009 	A clean and perfectly adequate European-style pension	Don't be frightened by hallways that seem like the setting for &quot;Barton Fink&quot; or a Dashiell Hammett mystery (they're being remodeled). The rooms are perfectly pleasant small pension rooms, nicely decorated with new IKEA furnishings, comfortable new mattresses, and even a microwave/mini-fridge. Baths are down the hall, but newly remodeled and clean with good water pressure. There's free Wi-Fi in the lobby that I had no trouble picking up in my room as well. The location (Kearny at Columbus) is where Chinatown meets Italian North Beach, and the surrounding blocks offer lots of restaurant variety and take-away choices. Happy Donut on the ground floor is very handy for coffee, donuts, croissants, and sandwiches, at any hour. It's an eight-block walk (or $4 taxi ride) from Market Street or BART. Muni buses 9, 20, and 41 are just outside on Columbus, and the frequent 30 and 45 buses are two blocks west on Stockton. I was VERY pleased with the value for the money.	
Jul 6 2009 	Brilliant little gem at a brilliant rate	Originally booked a hostel, but on reading bad reviews, I switched to what was listed on Hostel World as a &quot;Budget Hotel&quot;.On arrival, I was met by a shiny new foyer. The staff, whilst a little brash, were helpful, and always available should we needed them.The upper floors of the hotel however are still being renovated, but certainly has some character to them.Our room (33) overlooked the road, which seemed noisy at first though we quickly adapted to it.There was a TV in the room with a decent selection of channels, and plenty of storage space for 2 peoples clothes. There was additionally a fridge and a microwave.The beds were comfortable and the bedding was changed once during our week stay.Bathrooms were plentiful, and I never queued for one in my time there. The showers seemed very new, and along with the toilets felt like they were cleaned every 15 minutes. Possibly less.The hotel was ideally located for a tourist, as it was about a 20 minute walk down to union square, and about 25 minutes walk to fisherman wharf. Alternately, the 9x bus runs past the hotel regularly, if your feeling lazy.So, if your a student, or on a tight budget, definably consider this hotel.	
Mar 6 2009 	Nice hotel in Chinatown	But don't look for St Paul hotel in Kearny St, because it doesn't exist. You must look for North Beach Hotel. We were here for Chinese New Year Parade and it was very nice to be so close. We had a room with a view on the street, nice for the parade, but very noisy during the night.	
Feb 27 2009 	Liked the central locatio Hated the bed bugs!	My stay was great, initially. The hotel is a budget hotel actually, but it also doubles as an extended stay hotel, but not like the big chain extended stays. The hotel was built in 1907, hence the shared bathrooms, but you will never have to wait for a bathroom because the have enough on each floor. I think they have 3 or 4 floors. They have recently gone through a renovation as well.Bonus! The rooms have a microwave and refrigerator included! You are so close to Chinatown and many other attractions, and there are many restaurants around. My only complaints, and they are BIG... (1) BED BUGS! I stayed for 3 days &amp; 3 nights, and silly me thought I was bitten by mosquitos, but duh, there are no mosquitos during 40 degree rainy weather! The sad thing about this is, I'd probably go back, equipped with Lysol! (2) Noisy neighbors. I had to call the front desk every night to complain about other guests who were either above me, or right next door. I travel for a living, so I should know better than most that that isn't a normal complaint when staying hotels. The walls were kind of thin.The neighborhood is safe, not suburban safe, but safe enough where you won't be bothered by anyone. I wasn't, and I traveled by myself, and I am a 30 yr old woman...perfectly comfortable. HOTEL MANAGEMENT: you all need to take care of the bed bug problem, seriously!	
Oct 16 2008 	Hotel is OK staff could do better	The room I stayed in on the first floor was very clean but small. The shared toilet and shower rooms were very clean and I did not find myself competing for the facilities with other guests. When I initially attempted to check-in I was informed by the receptionist that I couldn't check-in because she 'was too busy'. Another request to a different receptionist for a plug for the basin in my room was refused. The hotel is OK the staff, however, could be more courteous and helpful.	
Sep 21 2008 	really really nice room good location friendly staff	room we stayed in was completely new refurbished. simple but stylish. definatly one of the best hostels we have ever stayed in. shared showers a spacious, new and very very clean!!!!! debbie at the front desk was very helpful. perfect for travellers. laundry facilities, wifi in the hotel. a bargain considering san fran is really expensive! would definatly recommend to stay there.	
Sep 5 2008 	Cheap	Got a room on the second floor next to the street. It was so noisy the first night (Saturday) sleeping was difficult. Went to the drug store and bought ear plugs the next day, which really helped. If you go, ask for a room away from the main streets. Also, because there are no screens on any of the windows, mosquitoes abound in the hallways. Have to enter/exit the room quickly else the mosquitoes would get into the room. Didn't realize it and got bitten numerous times the first night. Finally had to get up, tracked down, and kill the two mosquitoes in the room. The low flow toilets do not flush well, and we'll leave it at that. The upside are that the room was cheap and clean, and the hotel was next to Chinatown with lots of good cheap places to eat.	
Aug 6 2008 	Avoid	I was very disappointed with the hotel. The staff are RUDE. I have not encounter such rudest people in the world. The hallway is very scary and dark and smelly. Room is small and the surrounding area is noisy. There are lots of homeless people around the area and some could even walk in to the lobby. The facade is always on renovation. I was told by the guard that this is more like an apartment for long term stay than a hotel. The guard also tell me that &quot;you better decide to stay or to go somewhere else, afterall we are paying and we should pay for what we like&quot;. To stay or not to stay? If you think you cant afford to pay any extra, by all means you stay here. It's a very convenient area but not safe. Not recommend to ladies travellers.	
Jan 25 2008 	20 nights in that hotel and i still think it's great	Choose that hotel was the best idea i've had. It's so cheap (around 25$ per night), i've got my own room with a good bed, two lights, a fridge, a microwave, a washbasin, a desk, a huge mirror, a big window, a medecinechest, a tv (70channels), a closet, drawers, your own phone... It's not really spacious but, considering the weather, i spend a lot of time in my room and i appreciate it. You can fix the radiator as you want, there is a lot of plugs. It's really clean, each day there are 2 women who change the towels and clean the room (they're so nice that they've ask me when do i prefer they come, and how often). There is a lot of restrooms and bathrooms, always cleans and spacious. When i arrived someone from the staff helped me to carry my luggages. The entire staff was not so nice at the beggining but now they're cool, all the night they've got a security person. Each room has it own mail-box. There is a cheap laundry room in the building. And the place is really cool, it's between the financial area with all the shops, subways/BART and everything, and North Beach, a really nice italian area. The location of the hotel is close to china town, but safe. The only thing is that the people inside are not very friendly but who care, if you need to, go to the club med. And you have to pay the entire price of your stay when you arrive. I don't know about the others rooms, but the third floor is really cool, and i've got the sun each morning by the window (when the weather is cool).	
Dec 14 2007 	Best Value in the Area	I stayed at the St. Paul twice for 4 nights each period while I was in between apartment leases. Booked another site for the second time, but was unhappy with it and returned to the St. Paul. The hotel is nothing lavish, but certainly met my needs in terms of basic accomodations and value for the money. You will not find a better place (location, private rooms, etc.) in SF. I rarely saw other guests or the resident crazies that you can get in other budget hotels. Hotel: Basic appointments, relatively small but clean rooms, excellently maintained shower and bath areas, microwave, fridge and TV with many channels, wifi and laundry facilities. Renovations are underway with the lobby, restrooms/showers, and some guest rooms completed. Ask about rooms 18, 27, 28 if you would like a more tranquil spot (not facing the street). These rooms have also been updated.Location: In Northbeach, bordering the Financial district. Bus stop right outside and easy walking distance to whatever you need.Staff: Always more than friendly... thanks to Tommy, Pauline, and the rest! Worked to get me a quiet room with good internet access.	
Oct 29 2007 	was OK	I came to SF for a conference and stayed in the hotel for 10 nights. My main priority was to find a cheap hotel near the conference venue and close to the centre. The hotel is probably not the 5* and you most probably won't get Thai massage from the personnel but if you need a place to sleep, to keep your stuff and relax for cheap, then the place is perfect. Lots of shops and restaurants nearby. There is a supermarket about 5-10 minutes walk from the place. There is was a microwave in the room so I could warm up my sandwiches etc. The bathrooms are shared. That could be an inconvenience for some, but for this price I am ready to tolerate it.	
Oct 2 2007 	Really wasn't too bad	The place wasn't as bad as some of the reviews say. If you're looking for a really cheap place to stay and don't really care to much about the room then its great. I'm young and wasn't concerned about spending time in a room. The room was small and outdated but it worked. I didn't really see other people very often either. The bathrooms seemed to have been remodeled and there were plenty on each floor. Overall the place was fine and it was in a great location. I would definitely recommend it to any students or young travelers.	
Feb 21 2007 	Avoid This Hotel	Folks, beware this is basically a residential hotel complete with the nuts that inhabit such a hotel. I was put in a room next to two boom box bozos who boomed their music all hours of day and night. The staff could not handle them. There was construction work being done in the room above me and next to me. The walls felt as though they would cave in. The staffers a Joe and Patrice are surly, and you just know they hated being in the public. When I asked for an extra blanket they said I had one, although I told them I wanted another one. I was begrudenly given a smoked hole rag for a blanket. I left with fleas. After many many complaints I was finally moved after I asked for the manager. The other room had no view other than all the other windowss off the residents. Forget about getting any sleep at all. Do not waste your money staying here.	
Jul 15 2006	Noisy and small but clean and safe	If you're looking for a luxury hotel, you'll need to either pay (a lot) more or stay outside San Francisco. But a room here usually costs just a few dollars more than a dorm bed at the Green Tortoise (hostel) across the street, so it's great if you just want somewhere to rest after a day of sightseeting and a night of partying. (Nothing against Green Tortoise: They're great if you want to meet lots of people.)The location is perfect if you like bars, nightclubs and restaurants: It's right in North Beach, and a few blocks from other attractions such as Chinatown, the Powell Street area and Fisherman's Wharf. It's not so good if you like peace and quiet, as there tend to lots of drunken revellers making lots of noise right until bar closing time (2am), plus noise from traffic.	
Oct 17 2005 	Welcome to Hotel Hell	Simply the rudest, most awful staff I have ever encountered. These people are apparently trained to act more as jail guards than hotel staff. The walls are paper thin, the beds are rock-hard and the rooms are so tiny they are more like cells. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!	
Oct 2 2005	Terrrrrrribleeee!!!	Please don't stay at this hotel. It's the worst experience I've ever been threw.	
Jan 10 2005	Want a Third World Experience? Then stay at this hotel!	&quot;Oh, by the way we need the $30.00 security deposit in CASH, and the elevator is being repaird and the water will be off all day tomorrow&quot;...those words spoken by the desk clerk greeted me and my wife as we began our stay for the three day period of Dec. 20, 21, 22, 2004.The first person we encountered was a hobo sleeping in the chair next to the check-in window (which was behind what appeared to be bulletproof glass).That first night, as we trudged up to our small, old, noisy room we were yelled at by a hotel guest who thought her abusive boy friend was coming back to his room. I didn't get to sleep at all because a city garbage truck parked directly under our window with its diesel motor running all night long.The noise and fumes found their way into our stuffy room because we couldn't leave the window open.The second night we had cops in the hallway dragging someone out of the hotel for whatever!The third night we heard a rowdy bunch of drunks celebrating the closing of the near-by bars on Broadway and watched in horror as a pedistrian below was almost gunned down by a car that did not heed the cross walk. He was so angry that he almost dragged the old lady out of her car to beat her. We never missed any thing that went on three floors below us or in the rooms next to ours. The walls were so thin. The neighborhood so loud. The traffic so constant.The microwave oven worked sometimes...the refrigerator keep our italian liquor ice cold ...the shared bath rooms were adequate...the immediate neighborhood was marginal and for the $150.00 price for two people in a &quot;tourist double&quot; room, the St. Paul hotel was a real adventure and could certainly use some divine intervention from its namesake.	
Jun 16 2004 	Flophouse	Nothing but a dive. There is a bar right under the room we were in and it is near the nightclub scene, so if you want to go to sleep before 3 AM forget it. The shared bathroom/shower will leave you feeling like you need a soak in a vat of disinfectant. This is where homeless people stay when they collect enough cans. I can't fathom how any reputable travel site, like Expedia or Travelocity, could keep this listing in their database. Run for your life from the pimps, drug dealers, and addicts that live here. And don't bother the night staff, they could care less about you.	
May 5 2004	Great value great location	Perfect for the budget traveller looking for a double at £125 a week in a vibrant area of san francisco. On the telephone, the helpful receptionist assured me it was not in Chinatown, which might have been awful. Central to all trams, buses, sights, cafes and bars. Glad I did not stay around fisherman's wharf with all the grumper tourists. Book and specify a rear room, take ear plugs, and arrive with few expectations. 	
Feb 26 2003	Do not stay here	I would not advise anyone to stay at this hotel. I spent 3 nights here and from start to finish it was terrible. There is no lift in this hotel and the receptionist (male) - who is possibly the rudest person I have ever met, watched me struggle to carry my suitcase up 3 flights of stairs without offering any help. The rooms are very basic, not especially clean there was a funny smell off the bed clothes. Every morning we were woken up at 5am with traffic outside (the windows are single glazing) At night time we were almost afraid to walk back into the hotel cause there were drunk bums sitting on the stairs at the entrance to the hotel.	
