	A boutique experience in the heart of San Francisco	What a special atmosphere, from the moment you are welcomed by the friendly and professional staff who were only too happy to help with any request no matter how small. Hotel Rex is in a great location near all the action and the ambience is special with loads of personality and character that is all too often lacking in the multinational hotels. The normal rooms are small, but brightly decorated in a eclectic style. After a big day in San Fran it is wonderful to relax in the bar over a glass of complimentary wine - on Fridays they have a string quartet followed by a jazz ensemble! Ask for a room on the higher level if you are senstive to traffic noise.	
	Fabulous!	We stayed at the Hotel Rex for four nights in early November. The check in staff were extremely helpful and friendly and we found all staff were the same high calibre. We had a deluxe double double room and found it plenty big enough even with our cases laid out on the floor. The beds were very comfy and the shower wonderful. I would've liked to have had a coffee maker in the room but complimentary tea and coffee was available in the bar area in the morning. Also, missed a complimentary breakfast. Cafe Andree, next door, served breakfast but it is quite pricy in comparison to local restarants. The complimentary wine of an evening was great though!The hotel was in a great location, a block or so from Union Square and with a cable car station in the adjoining street. The hotel staff are great for recommending tours and restaurants. We'd recommend Lori's diner for breakfast and great coffee and Puccini and Pinetti for dinner.Overall, we'd recommend the Hotel Rex for a stay in this wonderful city.	
Nov 26 2009 	Will Stay Here Again!	Very nice place to stay. Room was large enough for 2. Great location near Union Square, Nob Hill and public transportation. Polite and helpful staff. I loved the complimentary glass of wine each evening and the free a.m. coffee. I will be traveling to SFa couple of times each year, and I will definitely stay here again. The perfect place if you travel alone, and the rates were much better than the large hotels.	
Nov 26 2009 	A DIRTY SMALL AND NOISY "BOUTIQUE"	Hotel Rex almost ruined my honeymoon.....I`ve stayed at this &quot;boutique&quot; hotel at room 316 last week and it possibly was my worst experience in an American hotel.The problems and lousy service started at the check in: the front desk officer checked every detail in my passport and US Visa for full five minutes, using even a small flashlight to check any possibility of fraud: I never was treated in any US hotel as an illegal immigrant or passport fraudster and even in other Joie de Vivre Hotel (the Erwin Hotel, were I stayed later) the treatment was much nicer.The room was terrible: extremely small, we were forced to move our luggage (2 medium suitcases) everytime that we wanted to use the bathroom. Almost no decoration, , an old and ugly closet, windows covered with dust and a crack in the bathrub floor covered with a plastic adhesive. In the morning we decided to check other nearby hotels and we found at least three hotels with much better rooms in similar prices or worth the extra bucks. We decided to check out at Rex and change hotels, but there was a last surprise at the &quot;Rex Experience&quot;: the room was not cleaned by noon (the housekeeping request was at the door since 8 AM !).	
Nov 25 2009 	Stay here if you like the feel of your grandma's guest room	I picked Hotel Rex based on the high Tripadvisor ratings. Well, we were surely disappointed. The room and the bathroom are both tiny. The green blanket that over the bed looked old and worn. The towel was incredibly rough and felt like an old rag. The room had minimal decor. Aside from the LCD TV screen, the room really felt like an old grandma's guest room. Some people might call it charming, but I did not find it charming in any way. They advertise that they have a wine reception, but it only consists of one glass of table wine. We have been to other SF boutique hotels where they had different bottles of wine to choose from and even had some crackers and cheese. But I wouldn't go out of the way to come back for their &quot;wine reception&quot; consisting of one glass of cheap table wine. I wouldn't have attended if I had known. I would pick another boutique hotel over this hotel.	
Nov 21 2009 	fabulous location boutique hotel	We recently stayed at the Rex for 3 nights and highly recommend this hotel. Dave the barman was friendly and informative, directing us to the Grand Cafe on Geary St for dinner one evening and it was superb. Great food, service and the building is beautiful and incredibly well priced meals. The location of the hotel is excellent, just a short stroll to Union Square with easy access to transport. The room was very small with no where to really store the suitcases and the bathroom is tiny and it did get quite stuffy at times. Despite this we loved the hotel and the free glass of wine in the bar each evening was a lovely way to start the night. This is a small, intimate boutique style of hotel.	
Nov 18 2009 	Exceptional quality and economy near UnionSquare	Hotel Rex is a gem. The decor is original, the customer service is exceptional, and the room rates are highly reasonable. Panache for the value-conscious visitor.I booked a reservation three weeks in advance for a reunion of classmates (15). The hotel was chosen by reputation, location, value, and friendliness to pets. It didn't disappoint and in fact exceeded all expectations. The dog care was exceptional (my cockapoo can't wait to return to see Jeff in reception). The charming lobby was ideal for drinks before dinner. Our group had a memorable and intimate dinner in the hotel's Cafe Andree; our server was attentive and accommodating.All of my classmates raved about their experience at Hotel Rex.	
Nov 18 2009 	Charming	My husband, 2 adult children and other family members stayed here for 4 nights. The beds were very comfortable and the hotel was relatively quiet. That is very important to us! We ordered room service for breakfast one morning and the food was just okay. The only other downside was not having an ice machine on the floor and had to get ice from the front desk.The hotel is charming in a quaint, eclectic setting! It is a terrific location with restaurants, stores and the cable car line within walking distance. I loved it and will certainly stay there again.	
Nov 17 2009 	Small Boutique Hotel with Lots of Charm	I had a wonderful 3 night stay at the Rex Hotel. I am a Bay Area resident, but decided to stay at the hotel in San Francisco to avoid the long morning commute to the conference I was attending in the city.This hotel is in a perfect location just a few blocks up from the San Francisco Union Square shopping district as well as a short 10min walk to the Financial Dist. and about a 15min walk from the Powel Station BART train stop (20 min with bags in hand).I loved the nice old early 1900's building that has been totally refreshed with flat screen tvs, alarm clocks with iPod docking, and marble in the bathrooms. However, the building still retains it's old world charm.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great boutique hotel in excellent location	My family stayed at the Hotel Rex while visiting my sister in San Francisco. It's a charming hotel with a great staff. Our room was large and very quiet. The decor is fun, old-fashioned and trendy all at the same time. Breakfast in Cafe Andree downstairs was tasty and the service was fast. Great location, convenient to Union Square and whatever city amenities you need. Valet parking was responsive to whenever we needed our car. Best of all was the pug dog Max, who lounged on one of the chairs in the reception area while his owner worked the desk. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in the center of downtown without being in a large corporate-type hotel.	
Nov 12 2009 	Hotel Rex is a Great Choice	Really love the decor. Kind of an art deco/library theme going with pretty light fixtures and choice of colors and shelves of old books in the lobby. Our room was small but fit us just fine. Extremely clean and the beds, though small, were very comfortable. The location for us was perfect. Close enough to walk to and from BART at Powell Station, Chinatown, shopping, dining, Union Square. Leave your car behind as any form of transportation is available nearby: taxis, buses, trolley, BART. I think we got a really reasonable rate for our four-day stay. Warning: If you use the hotel website to book rooms make sure you call and confirm.	
Nov 12 2009 	Worth Staying at	The Rex Hotel is a cute boutique hotel in San Francisco’s Union Square. The hotel is located in a great location with many eating and shopping places close by. It is also very close to the City’s mass transportation system. Even with the hustle and business of the city, the room we were in was quiet at night. The hotel staff was excellent. They were very helpful, courteous and professional. We plan on returning to the Rex Hotel.	
Nov 11 2009 	Exceptional location	It was my girl friend's 60th birthday so we celebrated it in San Francisco, our first time there. The Hotel Rex was better than what we expected. It was quiet and quaint, truley a boutique hotel. So many amenities we wished we spent more time there. The staff was so helpful in giving us directions to our destinations and suggestions when we got there. For me, it is always a plus when hotels give you robes and slippers to use while you are there.	
Nov 11 2009 	I love this Hotel staff location lobby resturant all great	The Rex is not you mega hotel with big inpersonel lobby and staff and sterile rooms. The Rex has character, imformative friendy staff, a great location to walk around the City ffrom. I think the big living room lobby is what I like the most. The smallish elevator and hotel in general always remind me of places we have stayed Europe thet we enjoyed.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice hotel in a great location	Staff was friendly and the hotel was very comfortable. Hotel is located one block from Union Square and is convenient to everything.	
Nov 11 2009 	Perfect location fantastic guest services lovely rooms.	This was my second stay at Hotel Rex. I would highly recommend it for anyone traveling within San Francisco. The hotel is one block off of Union Square so it is quieter than the other hotels right on the square but still easily accessible to great shopping, trolly cars, etc. The evening wine happy hour was a great way to meet new people and relax after a busy day.	
Nov 11 2009 	a cozy boutique hotel near Union Square	We've stayed at the Rex several times over the years and keep returning. The location can't be beat--near Union Square and a few blocks from the Powell BART station, with a direct train to the airport for $8.10. The room we had on this visit was small, but comfortable, if a bit dark, as it faced another building. The lobby is cozy and pleasant--with free coffee in the morning and a glass of wine on offer in the afternoon. On Friday there was a singer and a group of talented high school musicians providing chamber music. The staff are friendly and helpful--check out Maximo if he's there.	
Nov 10 2009 	Not one complaint and I complain a lot	In a world of over promise and under deliver, the Hotel Rex exceeded my expectations on every level. My wife is 6 months pregnant and the Rex made sure she was always comfortable and even upgraded our room. It is exactly what one would expect from a quaint boutique hotel. Service was friendly and sincere, none of the McDonalds &quot;have a great day&quot; droning. Room was clean, comfortable and quiet. I would recommend it to anyone without hesitation.	
Nov 10 2009 	The ultimate in the "San Francisco Story"	Hotel Rex has been my personal choice and recommendation over the years (8) for business, and pleasure visits to the city. The quaint accommodations, personal attention to detail by staff, perfect location for activities, and fabulous dining always leaves me feeling like I wouldn't choose any other location. It is &quot;my San Francisco home&quot;.	
Nov 10 2009 	First Class Hotel	Dear All, anyone going to San Fran should seriously consider this hotel , i was reccomended by a friend to stay here and im glad i did !they have a little wine reception each night which is great, they also offer FREE wifi thats fast and reliable !this hotel will exceed your expectations as they are boutique and focus on the details !ill be back in Feb 2010 john	
Nov 10 2009 	A Great Valu in a Great Area!	Have stayed at the REX on our last 4 to 5 visits to San Francisco - wouldn't stay anywhere else. The location (Union Square) is perfect for shopping, hopping the cable car, good food,and lots of good people watching.The lobby is almost like a private club, cozy and quiet. Also, only about a block to the cable car.Over the years have stayed at several SF hotels, but since we found the REX it's like home.	
Nov 7 2009 	GREAT LOCATION	This hotel was really well located for Union Square and we were pleased not to be in Fisherman's Wharf instead. However, when we arrived and admittedly we were tired we felt it to be very dark and poorly lit inside.The staff were very efficient always.The major off putting thing I found was the decor on our floor corridors was an over powering drab orange, combined with a continual smell of what I would describe as Old Peoples home air freshener! which together with the heat was nauseating. The room itself was just ok ,the wardrobe had one leg higher than others at one end, therefore lopsided and it was not easy to cool room down, and at times the heat was stifling, without opening, with difficulty, a sash window. Being at the back, there was no view of any sort.The telephone was also not operational either which could have been vital in an emergency. The attached cafe was fine but watch out, as well as adding tax to your bill we had an employee health insurance payment added to our bill. When we questioned itthe waiter implied this was routine but it was the only time in our whole 2 weeks in California we were charged with it! Probably would try other hotels in this location if visiting again I couldn't bear the smell of that corridor.	
Nov 6 2009 	lovely homely yet very chic hotel	we had a lovely stay in the Rex which is around the corner from Union Square so there is good access to nightlife and shopping and the streetcars stop at the corner of Sutter Street so access to the Fishermans Wharf is also really easy. The rooms were nice and were spotlessly clean with very comfortable beds and there was a wonderful ambience about the hotel. there was fresh coffee available each morning in the lounge and the staff and other guests were very helpful and friendly. Would definitely return to the Rex.	
Nov 4 2009 	A great hotel in an ideal spot at a very reasonable price.	We had 2 days left of our trip and spent these in San Fransico. The staff at the hotel are great and the parking service makes life very easy. There is also a great cafe 2 doors down which serves a lovely breakfast. We will definitely stay there again. They also offer complimentary wine some nights too!!	
Nov 4 2009 	mixed feelings	My husband and I stayed here recently and we really have mixed feelings about this hotel. We reached Hotel Rex after a nine hour drive and was welcomed by their friendly staff. We walked into our room and realized it was a bit warm but thought it could just be us and spotted the a/c switch so we thought to turn it on a bit later. As the night progressed it became unimaginably hot, I called the front desk and realized a/c is not available in that specific room. We were so exhausted we couldn't think to move to another room after we just finished unpacking. So we thought we'd request to be moved next morning. At 3am it was like a sauna in there and couldn't bear to sleep. It was ridiculous. We opened the window and that didn't help and didn't like the idea of sleeping with the window open anyways since the room was by the fire escape. At 3:30am we couldn't stand it and asked to be moved immediately. The front desk moved us right away to a room with a/c which shocked me and made me think why they gave us this horrible room in the first place if other rooms with a/c were available. We moved into the new room and realized it was significantly cooler, we didn't even need the a/c, and less noisy.The next morning I spoke to the manager about our problematic night. He was very understanding and friendly and immediately took responsibly for the room. I was very impressed and obviously we were compensated for that night. So we would say our experience was very positive after that first night. Our advice is DO NOT stay in the rooms by the fire escape. I noticed that there are other reviews on this site that has the same complaint, I wish I read those beforehand. I think it is not right for Hotel Rex to be letting these rooms out when they are unacceptable and when there are perfectly good rooms available. I think if we didn't have that first night experience I would have to agree with the majority of the reviews that the hotel is a pleasant place with friendly people and a nice restaurant.	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel	I stayed at Hotel Rex while attending a conference at a bigger, much more expensive hotel a mile or so away in the financial district. I really liked the Rex's large rooms, generous sized baths, and atmosphere. My room near the back on the 3rd floor was very quiet. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location is great with easy access to the Powell Street Cable Cars and the hotel provided complimentary town car transportation to the Financial District every morning which made getting to my conference easy. The price was right too. I often regret staying at a hotel off site from a conference but in this case I was really glad to be at the Rex which has much more charm than a big hotel. I would definitely recommend this for either a business stay or a vacation.	
Nov 2 2009 	Perfect location and staff	Hotel Rex is part of the Californial &quot;Joie de vivre&quot; collection of boutique hotels. I have stayed in these boutique hotels throughout San Francisco. They are always well located, clean, eclectically decorated and have friendly service-oriented staff. Hotel Rex was no different. The front desk was very aware that i was staying with them for a week and therefore upgraded me to a quieter, slightly bigger room. The lobby is decorated with a library/book motif -from a book paneled &quot;study&quot; where you can relax in the morning with complimentary coffee and tea or in the evening with a complimentary glass of wine. Major newspapers available to read on site or take back to your room. The rooms are tiny but well laid out. Very functional with wired or wireless complimentary internet access. Room service is prompt and friendly. The attached restaurant provides the food and is a great place for a full breakfast. The price per room is very competitive but it's the location that is the over-the-top feature. Hotel Rex sits exactly 1 block from the Powell-Mason and Powell-Hyde cablecar line and Union Square. For those of you with business in the city or a conference at the nearby Moscone Center, this location is ideal. Restaurants and shopping a step outside the front door. When I return to SF for business or leisure (and I do often) I will definitely stay at the Hotel Rex again.	
Oct 30 2009 	Fabulous girls weekend at Hotel Rex	The hotel is steps away from Union Square and all of the great things SF has to offer. The staff was very helpful and the restaurant was superb. There were three of us, so we had two double beds. The room was a very good size with very nice amenities. You could tell it's been recently updated because everything was very clean and hip. Can't wait to go back!	
Oct 30 2009 	The Rex is the Place	The Hotel Rex is always my first choice when traveling to San Francisco (unless I need to stat closer to the bay), and I've stayed there many times now. The staff is the best anywhere, the hotel is comfortable, and the location is great. The rooms are fairly large for SF and the beds are comfortable, although I was told on this past trip that they're in the process of replacing them in some rooms. I will warn you that this hotel is nothing fancy, but if you're looking for a home away from home it would be hard to beat. You can check in or out in 5 minutes and not have to stand in line. This means you can stash you luggage and be out enjoying the city quicker. There is a wine reception in the bar area each evening which includes live music on Friday nights. Free coffee, tea, and newspapers in the morning, in the bar area. The business center is there, but tucked away and hard to find (it's labeled The Library). The restaurant, Cafe Andre', is actually very good and worth a try if you don't feel like going out. We ate there with friends this trip and the food was excellent. This hotel is about a block and a half from Union Square, two blocks down from Nob Hill, around the corner from Sears Fine Foods (fantastic!), and half a block from the Powell Street Cable Car line. So what's wrong with the place? Not much, but there are a few nit picky items. The wireless internet is slow which can make remote access not usable, but standard e-mail and web browsing is fine. This is an old building and we noticed on this visit that, at least in our room on the sixth floor, the floor under the dresser was not level (at the dresser door stayed closed). There are some areas of the hotel, mostly stairwells, that remind me of the unsettled nature of the ground in the bay area, but I've stayed there when there were minor quakes and never knew until someone told me about them later. Anyway, if you don't need to be pampered but are looking for a hotel in SF where the staff treats you like family, where you will actually meet and speak to other travelers (at the wine reception), and where you will begin to feel like a local, the Rex is the place. Oh, and if you're lucky you'll even get to meet Max (ask the staff).	
Oct 28 2009 	A home from home in San Fancisco	Booking computer a bit quirky, but the excellent staff soon sorted the problem out. Room was clean and well appointed, although a coffee machine would have been handy. No problem though as there are coffee shops all round the block.The food at the hotel is good and reasonably priced. There are lots of altrnative eating places around the block.	
Oct 27 2009 	friendly	Pluses: Boutique hotel with a good price, reasonably good location, interesting decor and very friendly and helpful staff. Minus: Rooms (which admitteldy were clean and reasonably well appounted) were TINY!	
Oct 27 2009 	Enjoyed our stay and the staff were awesome	We went to Hotel Rex for the first part of our honeymoon and really enjoyed the service we received there. The hotel is in a fantastic location, has some wonderful staff and is great value.They offer all guests a complimentary glass of wine from 5-6 which was very well received and the food in their attached restaurant was very good.The room we had was ok (at the back of the hotel and so quiet but not with any view) but it was clean and well servicedAll in all, I would certainly recommend people to stay there. Within 1 block of union square as well	
Oct 26 2009 	Perfect hotel for solo traveler	Needed a hotel for one night before a seminar at the Fairmont. Hotel Rex was closeby and price was reasonable. Was very glad this was my choice. Loved the ambiance and the wonderful staff. The bar was a great place for a complimentary glass of wine, and then another glass of wine and a small plate later as I checked email courtesy of the free wireless throughout the hotel. Fabulous location - easy walk to Union Square and Westfield (hello Nordy's!).Room was exceptionally clean and nicely furnished. Small, though, by American standards. If you are used to American hotel rooms you might feel cramped here for a long stay with two in a room. Overall I was very pleased that I selected the Rex for my 24 hours in San Francisco.	
Oct 26 2009 	Would come back in a heartbeat	We arrived in a rental car 7pm. Found the hotel easily. Great Location. Within walking distance of nearly everything. Those SF Hills are challenging depending which way you are headed!! Hotel very quaint with everything we needed. Room small but adequate and clean. Bathroom recently renovated. Service good but intercomm system a bit unreliable. A 4.30am wakeup call missed one morning but fortunately we were awake. Front desk staff very helpful and obliging and price very reasonable. Friends of ours staying at one of the most expensive hotels on SF and they said Hotel Rex was a far better location as they had to catch taxis on a regular basis. We had a spectacular experience in SF and would thoroughly recommend it to any travellers.	
Oct 21 2009 	Hidden Treasure	The location was great. The service was excellent. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. The rate was one of the best we came across in the area.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good value great location	Was not disappointed by the Hotel Rex. Paid a little extra for a King Executive room, which was nice and spacious and included a couch. Not new and flashy, but very comfortable and friendly service. My only complaint is that there was no safe in the room - safety deposit box in reception is fine for passports etc, but makes it a little difficult for items like laptops.Fantastic location, would certainly recommend it.	
Oct 17 2009 	Exactly As Described	Virtually every review of this hotel hits the nail on the head. There is nothing exceptional about it but it is solid value in a great location with a very plesant and helpful front desk staff. Rooms are slightly funky but Executive Kings are very roomy and worth the small upcharge. This is not a glamorous hotel but the operators have made the very best of the aged building and given it a unique character. I would have no hesitation choosing this hotel again if I am in San FranciscoFree and efficient internet was much appreciated. I will no longer chose hotels that charge outrageous internet fees.	
Oct 15 2009 	A really nice hotel - great location without being noisy	Stayed here 3 nights - really fab service from the front desk with a bottle of Cava waiting on us for our anniversary - a real treat.Nice hotel - only feedback would be we were put in a room that had disabiled access re: bathroom meaning the room was a bit smalled to accommodate the large bathroom. It was fine though.Very good location without being too noisy. Never ate at the hotel as we were always out and about.Get the transport pass - 18 dollars for 3 days - you can use it on everything! Well worth it - buy from Walgreens cosmetic counter just across the road from Hotel Rex.Hotel staff - thank you so much for a special stay!	
Oct 13 2009 	The Hotel Rex charm will stay with you long after you leave.	I booked The Hotel Rex for our 20th anniversary trip online, based on perceived value, location and reviews. The online pics made it look so quaint and charming....and it delivered on all counts. The location was perfect for us. We had a few tours booked but did not rent a car and The Hotel Rex was a perfect walking distance for us. The price was afordable and that was just the icing on the cake. The rooms were updated, beautifully decorated, clean and more spacious than I imagined for an. The amenities were in keeping with fine boutique hotels. The staff was absolutely tremendous. Every single interaction with any staff member was exceptional...not because we as a society don't expect much anymore, but because they absolutely treated us as if we were the most important people in the room when they spoke to us. I always leave a housekeeping tip and every single day, there would be a thank you note from housekeeping. I have never had anyone take the time to do that before. Another unexpected surprise was a chilled bottle of champagne left by the Hotel Rex staff. How special. I cannot wait to visit San Francisco again and will let everyone know of my wonderful experience.	
Oct 13 2009 	Hotel Rex works for me.	On a recent business trip to San Francisco I stayed at the Hotel Rex. This is the 2nd time I have stayed here and I'd do it again. The hotel is located near Union Square which was convenient for my business trip. Located in the area are any number of good restaurants. The staff at the hotel were great. From the coffee at 5:30 to the Happy Hour drink the staff was always ready to help.My only caution would be to the not so sound sleepers reading this. My room was located on the street (4th floor) and the street noises could be an issue. Not for me, I sleeep like a rock. If you are a light sleeper you might want to request a room not on the street.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Location Great Service Cosy and Good Value	We stayed off and on here for two weeks here and would warmly recommend it. They kept lots of luggage for us while we travelled around California, they took in our post and gave us excellent recommendations. The service was so warm, nothing was a problem (particularly the male reception staff) The pug dog at reception was adorable. The free wine reception each night was atmospheric and generous. Our room was cosy and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom supplies were generous. I would definately go back. Great location, surrounded by good bars and restaurants.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good Value Boutique Hotel	We stayed in Hotel Rex for two nights in July. The only other boutique hotel we've stayed at in San Francisco is the Serrano, which for some reason we were able to book amazingly cheap rooms for in 2007 (had a look at Serrano for this trip and rates were well over $200 a night). So with the Serrano as our only point of comparison, I'd say the Hotel Rex is a good value boutique hotel for San Franciso that might not knock your socks off, but for the money has enough going for it to still make it a great place to stay. Our room was stylish with contemporary linens and funky framed art, if a little on the 'cozy' side. The bathroom was also a bit small but nice enough. Room was a bit stuffy but we opened up our window (so great to be able to do that!) and used the fan that was provided in the room and I slept like a rock both nights. The window was facing the street, but we were far enough up that noise wasn't really a problem (especially with the fan going). The location is great - very central and always felt safe walking around the area. In terms of service, found everybody friendly and helpful enough, but nothing extraordinary (I think that was what had really 'wowed' us about the Serrano...)What I liked most: the fun, funky decor and being able to open our window.What I liked least: It felt a bit 'cramped' everywhere - in the hallways and the room.	
Oct 12 2009 	Yep - this is good'un	First, my only grumble is that my room was dark, as its window looked onto a brick wall. But as I was a solo traveller and actually spent very little daylight hours at the hotel, it was as much of an annoyance as if i had wanted to spend time in my room.Other than that I REALLY liked this place. Room was very comfy though with great bedlinen, toiletries, free and fast wi-fi connection, etc etc.Superbly located just off Union Square and for great walks/trams to North Beach, Fillimore St areas etc.The hotel is small, warm and friendly with exceptionally good staff. The public sitting rooms are very comfy and the 'free glass of wine' hour between 5 and 6pm is a nice touch and full of atmosphere as most guests seem to pitch up for it.Pots of coffee etc available to help yourself from 6am in the lounge to take back upto your room was also very well thought out. Didn't eat in the restaurant area but it didn't look anything special to be honest, but who needs anyway with such choice outside the front door.I would/will stay here again without question when returning to San Francisco, which i hope is sooner rather than later.	
Oct 10 2009 	Wonderful boutique hotel well located with charm and excellent service	We were pleasantly surprised by this wonderful boutique hotel which is within easy walking distance of an array of restaurants, shops and local transport. The staff were very efficient and friendly, creating an enjoyable atmosphere for our stay. Row upon row of old books, historical information, drawings of contemporary dancers and the decore of the bar and resturant made the evening complimentary drinks and abundent breakfast well worth the visit.	
Oct 9 2009 	The best boutique hotel we've ever stayed in!	We selected this hotel for our 32nd wedding anniversary/vacation base. Stayed from Aug. 26-Sept. 4. The Joie de Vivre hotel chain made this hotel stay the best of any we've ever experienced in our world travels. Decorators were inspired by the New Yorker Magazine and strove to create a 1930's California literary/art scene. From the decor to the furniture, Steinbeck et al quotations/ charicatures/wall art, paintings, color scheme, Society list pages in the elevators, library-club-like lobby to lemon and thyme scented toiletries and lemon/green/black room decor, all were well thought out. The hotel excited all of our senses. They asked guests to donate to support a literary charity, in keeping with their overall theme. Everything was wonderful--location, services, food, etc. Convenient to everything we wanted. Only the amount of time it took for the valet to retrieve our rental car from the remote lot (we paid a daily fee) was excessive and visitors should allow a little extra slack if they need their vehicles. We used public transportation -bus, trolley, taxi (including one with a resident parrot!) and were very happy. Five stars!******	
Oct 7 2009 	Great atmosphere helpful staff	We stayed here for 5 nights as part of our honeymoon. Its a lovely hotel with plenty of character. The staff are very helpful and there is a great atmosphere in the bar and the hotel in general. It's in a great location just off union square. The only things that was a bit of a pain was the bed which was quite small and uncomfortable and may not not the best condition. A part from that we had a great stay here.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great option in union square	I was expecting a lot from this place after reading all the reviews - and it lived up to these expectations. the rooms are on the small side (all of San Francisco is like that though) but they had everything you need. The beds were surprisingly comfy, and the sheets were really soft. The staff was really nice, and helpful. We got a great deal and it was well worth it.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location	This is a small hotel and room size is good for the little time you are in it. Not the Ritz but comfortable. We did need the AC other wise the room would have been stuffy. The front desk ,esp. Orian ,was so helpful. He gave us the best service that I have ever experienced at a hotel and we have stayed at more expensive ones. I would stay there again and the location is perfect for the city.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Hotel	Spent 4 days in Hotel Rex and really loved it. Incredible location, very unique and gracious hotel, enjoyed the wine each night and the jazz on Fridays, front desk wanted to upgrade us to a larger room on the street side but we declined so were put in Room 508 which was much bigger than a regular queensized room and QUIET. No view but I'll trade view for sleep. I saw some of the other queen rooms and they were much smaller so was very happy with the room. Windows didn't open but luckily it was cool. Think this could be a problem later on as the air conditioner was strong and loud. Coffee was good in the lobby and always ready. We'd stay there again in a minute. Good choice.	
Oct 4 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed four nights at the Rex in july. The room was neat clean and comfortable although a little on the small side. Location wise its a good place to stay with close public transport and a short walk to china town. There were a lot of street people in SF who looked rather nasty. Fortunately the rex was in an area they didn't seem to frequent . I certainly would not like to be staying down the lower end of town it looked bad.We would stay at the rex again and recommend it.	
Oct 2 2009 	Convenient and comfortable ideally located	Quirky boutique hotel that provided the ideal short stay location for the city. Staff were welcoming and answered any questions. Rooms and decor seem a little tired but perfectly comfortable and more than compensated for by the convenience of where its located. Great for access to Market Street and all the shopping areas. Good public transport connections from the airport and also close to bus, tram and trolley stops for other areas of the city. Free wine reception between 5 and 6pm a nice touch if you make it back to the hotel for this. One of the best breakfasts in the city at Sears just around the corner.	
Sep 27 2009 	Love love love Hotel Rex.	Great hotel! Excellent location. We walked everywhere. Front desk staff was friendly, knowledgeable and really helpful. Room (double/double) was lovely: clean, quiet and well-appointed. Take the stairs to your room and enjoy reading quotes from famous writers on each floor. Maximo the pug is an extra special addition. Every hotel should have such an ambassador.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great friendly boutique hotel	Front desk staff were extremely helpful, and check in and check out were very efficient. The room was comfortable and quiet. Hotel Rex is in a great location close to Union Square and the trolley line. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 26 2009 	Such a great place	we were recommended by a friend to stay at the Rex and it really lived up to the recommendation!. The room was just great and the staff were so helpful, nothing was too much trouble and they certainly knew their city. It's a great location and agreat hotel with a special ambience. When we go back to SanFranciscso we will certainly stay at the Rex	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location	My wife and I stayed here for 3 days before moving on down the coast. The location and amenities were really good,especially the wine in the afternoon. The only slight drawback is the size of the rooms but otherwise everything else is ok. Lori's diner about 50 yards away serves up some wonderful food	
Sep 20 2009 	A really competent small hotel	4 nights ending 19th Sept. Room though not big was well furnished and everything worked.Staff very friendly and helpful. Cafe Andre good for breakfast.Happy Hour good with a great jazz singer on Friday.Would recommend to those who want a a quiet tastefully decorated hotel in the heart of the City	
Sep 19 2009 	Perfect home away from home! Friendly Comfortable Clean!	Perfect location and everything as my daughter and i did last minute shopping for the college essentials we didn't want to schleppe from the east coast and then walked her stuff up to move into the dorm! Comfortable beds, clean and nicely appointed rooms, great lobby with plenty of places to sit - perfect for me in the morning to drink coffee and read from the array of newspapers as i let my daughter sleep. The staff couldn't have been more friendly and accomodating - front desk staff and everyone we encountered in the halls - esp. Jeff and his pup Max! I've already booked a trip to visit my daughter and was fortunate to book here again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Service Great Location Great Price	The staff were very friendly when checking in. The decor was fresh and atmospheric. The room was large and comfortable. The location is fantastic with restaurants, shops, diners very close. If I picked fault then I would say that the sanitary fittings were a bit worn and the air con unit (which we needed) was noisy. But all in all it was great value and I would not hesitate to recommend the Rex.	
Sep 15 2009 	Superb experience - would definitely come back to SFO and Hotel Rex!	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Rex for 4 days in August 2009. The room was clean, the front desk staff was polite and we had an enjoyable time there. We stayed at Hotel Frank before that, before we went off to Los Angeles, and the front desk was unfriendly with directions, places of interest and even restaurants. Hotel Rex was polite, clean and definitely accessible. All in all, a great stay!	
Sep 14 2009 	Hotel REX is our SF favorite!	Hotel Rex is our first choice any time we visit San Francisco. The staff is personable, extremely helpful, and appropriately personal. It's a beautiful older small hotel with so much character and charm&gt;	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Downtown SF Hotel	My room was nicely decorated, was large enough to be comfortable, and very clean.The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. I enjoyed the wine in the afternoonand one night there was entertainment!! The restaurant was good. This hotel is close to Union Square but not so close that it was noisy at night--I had a plesant, restful stay.Other members of my family stayed here also and were pleased with their rooms and the hotel in general.	
Sep 13 2009 	nice hotel shame about the finance dept	booked the hotel in january with last minute.com and pre paid £488 for 4 nights in june. When we arrived the hotel had no record of our booking. They found us a room and photocopied our paper work from last minute.com. The hotel assured us we would not be charged again but needed to swipe my credit card in case we wanted to add any purchases to our room. On leaving the hotel we were not given a receipt and told that our booking had been sorted out and there was nothing to pay. My july credit card statement showed the hotel had taken £312 from my account. After several phone calls to last minute.com I was informed that the matter had been sorted and I would recieve a refund. When my credit card statement arrived for august the hotel had taken a further £318 from my account and credited back £301 pounds on the same day in august. This means that not only have the hotel NOT REFUNDED MY £312 BUT HAVE TAKEN A FURTHER £17 FROM MY CREDIT CARD.	
Sep 13 2009 	Cant say enough good things about The Rex	I cant say enough good things about The Rex. Great location. Theres a store right across the street. Great restaraunts everywhere. We were there for a music festival in Golden Gate Park &amp; needed to catch a cab everyday across town. It never took more than 60 seconds. The staff was very helpful &amp; friendly &amp; very knowledgable of the area. Check in &amp; check out went smooth. Rooms were very clean. Our room had two beds &amp; was bigger than we expected. We didnt hear doors opening &amp; closing all nite. The price seemed pretty good compared to others in the area. We will definately stay at The Rex anytime were in the city.	
Sep 13 2009 	Ambiance comfort and excellent service	A very, warm, upbeat, trendy atmosphere. Impeccable service . The Happy Hour was a pleasurable experience. The suite we had was very comfortable and user friendly. It was designed with his and her needs in mind.	
Sep 12 2009 	Perfect Location and Nice Room	The location could not be more perfect! It was our first trip to San Francisco and we found the loation to be great! Union Square is less than two blocks away, the cable car stop is at the corner. All the staff were fabulous! My only disappointment was not getting a &quot;San Francisco Greeter.&quot; That would have been awesome, as my husband played golf the day after we arrived and I was on my own. But, with the cable car stop right at the corner, I just hopped on (at 7 a.m.) and went to the Wharf for the morning, and then rode it back to Union Square for shopping. No problem! Would definitely stay at the Rex again and highly recommend it!	
Sep 11 2009 	Hotel Rex - I'll definitely be a repeat guest	My husband and I stayed in the Hotel Rex during our leisure stay in San Francisco. The location was perfect for us to tour around the city, feeling it was a great base. The front desk personnel were always most helpful and knowledgeable. We ate breakfast in the Cafe Andree - superb blueberry pancakes and huevos rancheros. Now let me describe the accomodations. We had a junior suite with a king bed. Fodor's listed 2 drawbacks; the small bathrooms and the musty hall smell. Well, our bathroom was more than ample and the hallways were just part of an older building and for me, that was part of the character. We loved the library theme and the warm and cozy feel in the lobby during afternoon happy hour. Our room was so pretty with the lovely colors and the bed was so comfortable. I don't care for chain hotels anyway and we were most satisfied with this charming inn. I can't really think of anything negative to say and I will plan on staying at this hotel on my next visit. Union Square is 1 block, the cable car route is down the block, a Walgreens is across the street and other dining options are also nearby. I would absolutely stay here again and recommend it to other travelers.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great location even greater city	This was our first time in San Francisco. We find that location, location, location is key when it comes to big cities. This hotel is centrally located to everything you want to check out in San Fran. It is right near Union Square which is the central shopping hub. A short walk takes you to Chinatown, and the cable cars are nearby as well. The hotel itself is quite old, but has a number of new furnishings that modernise it. The room was clean, large enough and the staff were pleasant enough. There is no 'wow' factor to this hotel, but it is great value for the price you pay.The city has a number of highlights, including the Golden Gate bridge, Ghiradelli Square, Alcatraz, Little Italy, Ferry Building Chinatown etc. However it is a great city to just walk around and take in the atmosphere.You have to check out Fleur d'Lys restaurant which is close to the hotel. Hubert Keller (who was recently on Top Chef Masters) is an amazing chef, and is a very romantic setting.	
Sep 7 2009 	Couldn't have picked a better place!	My husband and I hadn't been to San Francisco in over 15 years, so were really looking forward to a great experience for our five days in town. Hotel Rex fit the bill. It was in a great location - convenient to walk almost everywhere and the cable car only half a block away. The hotel ambiance was wonderful - wonderful old woodwork, mustard walls and great art - the &quot;lobby&quot; area and bar area was more like a living room and the wine hour was fun - met lots of great people from all over the world. The front desk staff were extremely friendly, helpful and courteous and gave us great advice about how to get places , where to eat etc.The room was small but accomodating - lots of drawers and an armoire to stash our stuff. Everything was very clean. The only negative was the two chairs in the room next to a round table were very uncomfortable - they need to furnish better chairs - We ate at Cafe Andre (the hotel restaurant) twice - once for breakfast and once for dinner - the food was good but not spectacular, and the waiters seemed a little inexperienced, but it was convenient.All in all, we would definitely return to Hotel Rex for our next trip!	
Sep 6 2009 	Location Location Location Clean Friendly Fabulous!	This is our second stay at the Hotel Rex, and this time friends joined us from SoCal and we asked that we have a room on the same floor. The Rex is like staying with family. They are wonderful hosts, looking to fulfill every need before you express it. The hotel itself is grand, and the location is perfect for all your needs. We've stayed at at the Wharf and on Russian Hill, and really, the Rex has the best location, value, and attitude.	
Sep 6 2009 	Brilliant hotel 1940's style 2009 comfort - Here's looking at you kid !	Walking into the Rex is like going back in time. You expect to see Bogart and Bacall sitting at the bar and all the men wearing hats like in some 1940s film noir. Except that behind the literary style facade and furnishings there lies a well managed, comfortable hotel right in the heart of downtown San Francisco.All the staff are friendly and happy to help and suggest things to do and see and places to eat. We stayed in a double double (room 205) which was a good size with comfortable beds and good furnishings. Bathroom was ok - small and a bit basic but the shower was strong and the water hot, so no real complaints. The room was very quiet but I can see that something at the front might be noisier as Sutter Street is active pretty much all the time and there is a nightclub next door.Every evening they offer free wine (one glass) of excellent Californian wines and the lounge/bar gets pretty busy with interesting guests and locals. Bar food is also available and reasonably priced. The great attraction of this hotel is the location - only minutes from the shops in Union Square and a bit further to Market Street. You can also get on the cable car at the corner of Post and Powell much easier than waiting at the end of the line if you want to do the touristy things. We stayed for 4 nights and enjoyed every minute at this lovely, stylish and charming hotel.Had breakfast next door at the Persimmon Restaurant which is clean, well run and serves a great selection in very large portions.Can't wait to go back sometime - highly recommended.Travellers tip. Rented a car from Avis on Post Street (pre-paid in UK to get very good rate), but had to endure a great deal of hassle as they try to upgrade you to something bigger and more expensive and sell optional insurance that you don't need. There were four of us and they insisted that we needed a 7 seater. Ignore the selling as the car we had booked was big enough for our family and possibly a couple more at a squeeze. These sales attempts delayed us for about 30 minutes - no wonder the lines were long with a number of irate people waiting to get their cars.	
Aug 31 2009 	Clean hotel good service for a very reasonable rate	The hotel was very reasonable, and it was very clean and the service was good for what we paid. The location is central, walking distance to Bloomingdales, Nordstrom, Macy's and many other big stores, a short walk to the tram station.	
Aug 31 2009 	Hotel Rex turned out to be a gem!	Finding the right hotel in the Union Square area of San Francisco took lots of research and at the end, a leap of faith. We struck it rich with the Hotel Rex! They gave us a good rate, including parking, and the service was superb from the time we stepped in the door until the morning we left. The staff was well-trained and eager to help in any way.Our room was a spacious King further back from the main street as we requested, and did turn out to be very quiet. The bed was very comfortable and the room was immaculate. We had a dinner and a breakfast at the onsite restaurant, and both were excellent. Hotel Rex was indeed our home away from home and we will certainly recommend it to others. Hopefully we will have an opportunity to stay there again some day!	
Aug 31 2009 	I always stay at the Rex.	I've never found a hotel in S.F. that offers a better mix of value, convenience and amenities. I automatically book here every time I come to S.F. on business, which is about 4 or 5 times a year.	
Aug 30 2009 	great place to stay	The staff was excellent. The rooms and whole hotel very clean. Very reasonable.	
Aug 30 2009 	Elegant comfortable and artsy.	We loved the Hotel Rex, the staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel is located in the heart of San Francisco and we were able to walk everywhere. We loved the elegant and boutique atmosphere.	
Aug 29 2009 	Great find near Union Square	The Rex is where we have been staying in SF for the last 5 years and we just don't stay anywhere else. Friendly staff, clean, great happy hour and convenient to anything you would do in SF. Everyone we traveled with was very pleased with the Rex as our hotel of choice. Thanks!	
Aug 29 2009 	Felt like home away from home	I had stayed at the Hotel Rex about 7 years ago and had good memories of it... I just stayed there again for a week and quickly fell in love again. My particular room was a little bit of a cave..with only a brick wall for a view, so therefore was a little dark and I didn't get cellphone signal in the room.. BUT it was very quiet and cozy.The staff are lovely and helpful. A great hotel all around.	
Aug 27 2009 	Met all expectations	After reading the glowing reviews in Tripadvisor, I decided to stay at the Hotel Rex, two blocks from Union Square. The room was comfortable, the bed and quiet atmosphere welcome, and the furnished robe and slippers gave an added touch of consideration for guests' needs. All of the staff were surprisingly patient, helpful and courteous; in a manner, which indicated that this was their normal way to act. The hotel offers a wine gathering in the evening and coffee in the morning. I didn't take advantage of them, so, no comments. I wan't there to find fault, so, the negatives of the room might bother someone else, but, they were just a fact of life, to me. For example: The TV needed a how-to-operate schedule; the on-screen information was not adequate. Staff came up and explained; end of problem. The heater also needed how-to infomation. Next time, I'll get it; this time, it wasn't important. There was a refrigerator, but no microwave...I stayed for 7 nights...however, I asked for, and received, an electric tea kettle, so I could make tea. The bed was so comfortable that I got better rest than I have had, in years. The hotel is part of the Joy of Life club, which I strongly suggest people join. Some of the perks include personal attention and upgrades. However, what was the most important to me, was the volunteer San Francisco person who met me at the hotel and gave me information about the area, then took me on a brief walking tour, explaining and describing, as we went along.. It was invaluable. The hills of San Francisco can't be avoided, so, for someone who was still recovering from years of hip and leg problems, navigation was intimidating. However, thanks to past therapy and SF;s incredible energy, every thing worked out. It was one of the most pleasant weeks I have spent in years. There's a lot more information I could share. Ask questions, I'll be glad to reply.	
Aug 22 2009 	Outstanding service at the Rex Hotel	What a great stay at Hotel Rex! My husband and I traveled here for an anniversary gettaway. When we arrived at around noon of our first day, Renin (hope I am spelling that right) upgraded our Queen Deluxe room to a quieter and larger King room. The price was an awesome value, booked on the Trip Advisor website. We were immediately able to check in and did not have to wait for our room after our flight there. The room was very artfully decorated and very clean and comfortable. We were very glad to be able to use the mini fridge for our leftovers throughout our stay to save on food costs. The wine reception was lovely and the wine was excellent. Our housekeeper on the sixth floor did an amazing job cleaning our room, anything extra we needed she provided with a warm smile. Actually, all of the staff was super friendly including Max the pug dog, who was kind enough to pose with us for a photo. I think he handles the fame well ;-) I think one of the premier features of this hotel is the excellent location and proximity to so many great restaurants and to the Bart station. We love this particular area of San Francisco as we have lived here before. Thanks again for everything, we will definitely be back!	
Aug 21 2009 	Great location great free wifi Internet access but a little noisy	We spent 3 nights at the Hotel Rex in San Francisco. We booked directly in the hotel website and got a very good rate (much better than those found in Expedia or Booking).The hotel is ideally located just 1 block from Union Square. That is great for your first or second visit to SF, but maybe too touristic if you're coming for business or if you want to avoid the tons of people that daily walk Sutter street.We stayed in room 213 or 214 (don't remember very well!), which was pretty large and comfortable. It had a king-size bed with a very nice flat big TV. The bathroom facilities were ok, a little smaller than the room. It seems they preferred to give this extra size to the bedroom instead of making the bathroom wider. I would have done the opposite!The hotel offered complimentary wifi Internet access which is something I really appreciated. I hate paying the ridiculous amount many hotels want to charge you for a few hours of Internet access. The quality was pretty good, and the speed good enough. Our room faced Sutter street, and it was just in the first floor. The window was not very good, so we had a lot of noise during the day and at night. For those who can't stand it, you'd better ask for a room facing the interior patio. Worse view but much quieter. We didn't ask for a room change. We got too late at night, and (fortunately), both of us sleep quite well , so we didn't care much.We didn't try either the breakfast, lunch or dinner. With that many options around the hotel, we thought it was a better idea not to do so. For those Starbucks lovers, you can find quite a few of them just a few meters from the hotel.In general, very good experience. If coming back to SF for 2-3 days ... we'll definitely go back.	
Aug 20 2009 	It has such a cozy feel you don't think of the Rex as a 'hotel'.	I go back to the Rex year after year. It's a very convenient location, but it's small &amp; very non-commercial. I love the lounge. It's a great place to read the paper &amp; relax. You can have a welcome complimentary glass of wine at the bar when you check in, perfect to unwind after travel. Almost as important are the pots of complimentary coffee on the bar in the morning! The beds are comfortable, each room has it's own air condtioner/heater and wonderful marble bathroom. Free WiFi is an additional benefit. There's a very small business center if you need it. And the staff is so friendly! I like the fact that everything is on a small scale. I don't consider this hotel &quot;trendy&quot;, which is perfect for me. Dick DeBartolo	
Aug 12 2009 	I highly recommend Hotel Rex	We stayed at Hotel Rex while in San Francisco. We booked it back in January and were able to get a fantastic rate. The room was comfortable, the staff was very helpful, and the location was great. They even sent an item back to Chicago that we accidentally left in the room.	
Aug 12 2009 	A really nice place to stay in a great location.	The room was spacious and luxurious, and was in a really convenient location, near transport and shopping, right in the heart of San Francisco.The staff were all really friendly and helpful, and I really enjoyed my stay there.When I was checking out, my room charges included a bottle of wine that I definitely had not consumed, and the girl reluctantly ended up clearing it from my account.Other than that everything about my stay was really great.	
Aug 11 2009 	Outstanding hotel staff	The Rex had one of the most friendly, knowledgeable and helpful front desk staff I''ve seen in a very long time! The &quot;wine&quot; lounge, bar staff and comfortable chairs made for very nice relaxing time. We thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment and free newspapers as well.	
Aug 11 2009 	The best deal in San Francisco!	Great location! Great staff! Great price! Free wine each night! No complaints at all. Stay here the next time you're in SF.	
Aug 11 2009 	Classic small hotel in a great location	We have stayed here twice when visiting San Francisco, as well as in larger hotels. The location near Union Square is exceptional, the staff are helpful and the restaurant is great, both for breakfast and dinner. Rooms aren't huge, but they're big enough. The only real negative is that the street is busy, so it can be a little noisy.	
Aug 11 2009 	A swanky little hotel in downtown San Francisco	We really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Rex. They remembered it was our honeymoon and had champagne and chocolates waiting for us. Our room was very clean, the beds were comfortable and the staff did an excellent job making us feel welcome.	
Aug 10 2009 	a classy place	My family stayed at the Rex for three nights and were thoroughly impressed by the room, the lobby, and the service. We will return on our next trip to San Fransisco.	
Aug 10 2009 	Couldn't have asked for more!	This was an excellent hotel with convenience location. Down the street (1/2 block) you have the cable car route and about 3 blocks away you have the light rail and BART station. Also you are right near Union Square which is where Macys, Bloomindales and all the high price retail shops are. The staff was excellent, the room was nice size and the tv was huge! Stay here if you want to stay in downtown San Fran!!!	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Value 	We throughly enjoyed our stay at the Rex. The lobby has lots of seating and a great place to meet friends. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. The rooms were nice and the beds were confortable. It has a very comfortable feeling to it. We enjoyed the wine hour. The location was fantastic. Just around the corner from Union Square, near Chinatown and the theaters. The rate were very reasonable compared to other hotels in the area. We will definitely go back. Oh, and the restaruant was outstanging. Glad we found this jewel in the city.	
Aug 9 2009 	A San Francisco Jewel	Teriffic location; fantastic bar with complimentary wine every afternoon. Rooms more than adequate; and best of all, a very competitive price.	
Aug 6 2009 	Pleasantly surprised	Spent 3 nights at The Rex and found ourselves pleasantly surprised. The room was small although colorful, comfortable, with a large screen TV, mini-bar (priced way too expensive) and a large clean bright bathroom. The free breakfast tea/coffee bar was simple but appropriate. Location was super for a couple of visitors from outa town. The staff we interacted with or observed with other clients were helpful, courteous and patient. We would stay there again and encourage others to.	
Aug 5 2009 	Couldn't ask for a better place to stay in San Francisco.	My wife and I took our second trip to San Francisco this summer and stayed a week at the Rex. This was our first stay here, and will not be our last. It's so convenient to all of our interests in the city--shopping, museums, china town. We caught a show across the street at the San Francisco Playhouse and really loved it. I'm very deliberate in my selection of hotels, flights, etc when it comes to traveling, so it says a lot that I would recommend this hotel to anyone. My wife and I will gladly return to the Rex the next chance we get to visit. The entire staff was pleasant and welcoming.	
Jul 31 2009 	Hidden Gem	I travel to San Francisco on business regularly but only recently found the Rex. The hotel is in great condition. Price is right. Rooms are adequate size, comparable to other downtown properties. Service is truly outstanding, with very friendly staff with a genuine attitude that they are there to help. The cozy lobby bar has a library feel and is a wonderful place to hang out. If the bar stayed open past 10 it would be perfect.	
Jul 24 2009	THE BEST!	I stumbled upon this hotel while staying in San Francisco with my teenage daughter (scouting schools). We were staying in an absolute dump down the street, desperate, we walked in and were able to get a room at a great rate. We fell in love with it. Comfortable, great location, great staff. We loved everything about it, and highly recommend it.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great hotel great location.	The Rex is in a good area, close to good restaurants and neighborhood bars. Half block from the Powell St. cable car, also very close to BART, street car and many major bus routes. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Hotel is clean and efficient. Great bar in the back and Cafe Andre is next door.	
Jul 24 2009	Nice Hotel.	The ground floor had some charm to it. The concert series was a pleasure. The restaurant was overpriced and worth being skipped. There was something I liked about the staff, but also something I didn't like about them. They tried to overcharge us on the bill. Same with the other rooms in our group.Location is great. Rooms quasi-elegant. Bathrooms worthy of a roadside motel.Decent value, given San Fran real estate prices.	
Jul 24 2009 	Cool building cool location cool rooms cool staff.	Very charming hotel, with helpful friendly staff. Unbeatable location (100 yds from Union Square). Hotel's restaurant is attached, but standalone restaurant, which I would be happy to eat at anytime, even if not staying there. Great price. It's my regular hotel now, whenever I'm in San Francisco.	
Jul 23 2009 	Glad to know the Rex is still great!	I stayed here in 1997 and loved it! It's very nicely decorated, small and cozy and charming, and you can't beat the location or the price! Although there was no restaurant on site when I was there, the best little Chinese restaurant in the city is right across the street - The New Peking. I moved to SF a few months later and recommended it to friends and family when they came to visit.	
Jul 22 2009 	First visit won't be the last	As other reviewers will testify this is a great San Francisco hotel in a great location. Very convienent to major tourist areas. Super staff. They gave us great local restaurant recommendations and great directions to get to places using the trolley cars and/or buses. This hotel has a great vibe and feel to it. The late afternoon wine bar is a great place to meet your fellow travelers and relax. The bartender is fantastic too.	
Jul 20 2009 	All expectations met	We had stayed at Hotel Rex three years earlier and found its central location, its comfort, its staff and its breakfasts entirely meritorious. We were delighted to find that nothing had changed. Nothing seemed too much of a problem for clearly busy front desk staff. The literary touch at breakfast is classy. There may be more up-market establishments but Hotel Rex suited us fine and would do again on future visits to the city.	
Jul 19 2009 	Exceeded Expectation	We had a wonderful stay at Hotel Rex. The staff was friendly and helpful, the room was spacious and comfortable, and the wine reception was the perfect way to wind down.	
Jul 16 2009 	Hotel Rex was a delightful surprise!	We purchased our stay at the Hotel Rex at an auction, so we knew nothing about it before our arrival. We were delighted with everything about this hotel and highly recommend it. The location is ideal, just a block from Union Square, the staff is exceptionally pleasant and helpful and the entire hotel is extremely clean! Our room was very nice, felt updated and new yet maintained the charm of San Francisco! We look forward to our next visit to the Hotel Rex!	
Jul 6 2009 	Great find from Trip Advisor	We had a recommendation from friends to stay here and checked it out on TA. It lived up to the rating. With an excelllent staff, good wine, and friendly dog Maximo the pug at the desk in the morning the Rex will make any tip to San Francisco special. The character of the hotel lends to an easy pace and comfortable feel from the lobby to the rooms. Can't beat the location. Easy walking distance to shops restaurants, cable cars and bus stops. Thanks to the front desk for helping get baseball tickets and a great French restaurant . Loved the live string quartet playing on the last evening we were there.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great location	Stayed four nights at Hotel Rex and it suited us perfectly. The room wasn't very big, but was very clean &amp; modern and provided free wireless internet, flat screen TV and a fridge. Location was great... close walking distance to a multitude of shops &amp; restaurants, as well as the cable car, street car and BART for convenient airport transfers. Union Square was a short stroll down the road.A few small quips though:The lift was extremely small, which meant we often took the stairs as we were only on the third floor. It was a little noisy at night from the nearby bars &amp; restaurants - although that would be a same at any hotel in the area unless you were many many floors up the building. The air conditioner was also old and way too noisy to leave running, which would have been annoying if it were much hotter outside.Highly recommended!	
Jun 17 2009 	My favorite SF hotel	My second time at Hotel Rex and it was just as good as the first. This place just feels right. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable and the prices are a good value. One of the wonderful things about this place is the way they handle the valet parking. Just pull up in front and leave your car. They park it off-site and then when you call and give them a half hour notice, your car is back out at the curb. I used to try a different hotel every time I came to town. From now on I will just book here. Please Hotel Rex, don't change....just keep on doing what you do so well.	
Jun 17 2009 	The Hotel Rex offers one-of-a-kind chic charm in a location that can't be beat.	I've stayed at The Hotel Rex twice and can't wait to go back. It's my go-to San Francisco hotel - offering everything I'd expect from an eclectic, boutique hotel in the heart of Union Square. There's a casual elegance to the place that's hard to describe, but you feel it from the moment you arrive. On my most recent visit, I was greeted by a pug named Max who was lazily hanging out in the overstuffed wingback chair near the lobby that doubles as a library lounge. The friendly bartender (same one who provided excellent service in 2007) greeted us with a smile and made us feel right at home during the complimentary wine hour. The rooms and bathrooms were immaculate and anything but &quot;cookie cutter.&quot; Best of all, as a member of the loyalty program I received a summer discount that made my stay as economical as it was enjoyable. Just steps from Sears Fine Food Restaurant (my favorite place for breakfast!), the cable car line, Chinatown, Nob Hill and countless other attractions, The Hotel Rex is a best-kept secret that I hope others will discover and enjoy.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great little hotel full of character	Wery pleasant hotel botique stylle. very comfortable roomsstaff most helpful and friendly a can do approachHandy for Union square and public transportwelcome drink in the evening was appreciatedcolin and Yvonne Fowler	
Jun 8 2009 	Another Great Stay at the Hotel Rex	This is the best, and my favorite boutique hotel in San Francisco. Less than a full block from Union Square, the Hotel Rex is full of character. My favorite part about staying there is the nightly happy hour (no charge for wine) and the phenomenal Friday night music in the library. As a solo traveler, I grab a glass of wine or a delicious cocktail (not included), and place my order at the bar for appetizers or dinner from Cafe Andree. You can't ask for much more than having an adult beverage, something to eat, and listening to music in what feels like my living room. The Rex is the best.	
Jun 5 2009 	Fabulous Botique Hotel	This hotel is themed like you are inside the New Yorker magazine. Only 2 blocks from Union Square. We stayed there three nights. The room is very large, the bathroom huge, and the service terrific. We enjoyed our stay very much. Check out their web site for more information. We even signed up for their free &quot;San Fransisco Greeter&quot; service, which is a volunteer resident who meets you in the hotel lobby for a 2-3 hour tour of San Francisco. The best part was we pre-arranged our tour, so we chose what parts of San Francisco to tour (the SF buses/subway system is great).	
May 26 2009 	Excellent value in the heart of SF.	My wife and I made a spontaneous weekend trip to San Francisco, and on short notice were able to get a room at the Hotel Rex, right in the heart of Union Square. The location was excellent, just a few minutes walk (~5 blocks, if memory serves), from the Powell St. BART station.The room was cozy and comfortable, and the bathroom was clean and ample for my wife and I. There was free internet access - while not the fastest connection, it did serve passably well.For the price and location, this was an excellent find in downtown SF.	
May 25 2009 	We Miss Hotel Rex	This was our first trip to San Francisco and the Hotel Rex met every expectation. The location was great. The rooms were clean. The staff were friendly and helpful. We enjoyed out complimentary glass of wine each night. We especially miss Max. He is the Pug that sits in the hotel lobby almost every day. The Hotel has a great literary theme. The lounge is comfortable and inviting. Many times, it seemed that the lounge was filled with patrons who were not even staying at the hotel. This is always a good sign. When we return to San Francisco, we will be sure to stay at Hotel Rex.	
May 24 2009	some critics	Spent a week in may in this cute hotel. Second time (first was a year ago), so i can compare :) Nothing changed - it is almost perfect. Service, staff, bar in the lobby, always clean. But...some rooms need renovation, garbage standing just opposite the exit every evening, absence of the ash try at the street. Small things, my be not important. Who cares, i loved it any way.Will try to add more photos later.	
May 19 2009 	Happy at The Rex	The Rex is a charming boutique hotel that plays up its literary theme with shelves of interesting old books and quotes from authors like Jack London painted on the walls by the elevator. Our room was a king, which was roomy and comfortable. The wine in the evening was a nice touch, and gave us a chance to meet some of the other guests, several from Europe.The staff was helpful, giving us a great suggestion for dinner (Spanish restaurant on Belden Alley) and breakfast (Dottie's True Blue). We loved the location -- about 1.5 blocks from Union Square. We didn't bring a car and found it really easy to get around using public transit and our own two feet. I was ready to book a queen room online on a Wednesday, but didn't, and on Friday night called the hotel directly and asked what the best rate they could give me on a king for Saturday night. I got a rate that was $35 less than I would have paid for a queen.I'd love to stay here again, but I also want to try the other Joie de Vivre properties in San Francisco. I've stayed in some of their other properties and appreciate the charm and attention to detail that they put into them.	
May 13 2009 	Second Honeymooners	My husband and I stayed at the Rex Hotel for 3 nights on our way back from New York. The Rex Hotel is a very arty kind of groovy hotel with a great lounge/bar area which has happy hour and serves a free drink to their guests between 5.00 -7.00 pm. The rooms were lovely and location fantastic - just a block from Union Square and Macy's and other fantastic shops. The staff were friendly and we happy for us to store our luggage there on our last day as we weren't flying out till late that night. On the last night they had a string quartet play followed by a jazz singer during happy hour - lovely hotel!	
Apr 28 2009 	Great little hotel	I love the Hotel Rex. I’ve stayed there three times in the past few years and continue to be enchanted with the place. The rooms are on the small side, but tastefully decorated and spotlessly clean. Internet access is free. The beds are comfortable. The lobby opens on to a bar which is quite cozy--and guests receive a complimentary glass of wine there between 5 and 6 every evening. Guests can also pick up a free NY Times and other newspapers each day. The location is fabulous. It’s a few blocks up from Union Square and a few buildings up from Lori’s Diner, which is a great place to have breakfast. The staff is consistently friendly and helpful. I also like the fact that the Rex has literary pretentions. Books line the walls of the lobby and each floor boasts a wall painted with a quote from a famous San Francisco writer.	
Apr 22 2009 	Excellent service	This was our first stop after a flight from Sydney so we arrived at the Hotel Rex front desk crumpled and jet lagged after a 14-hour flight and a 40-min BART ride from the airport. Check in wasn't until 3pm but not only did they give us a room at 12 noon, they also upgraded us. This was a fantastic bit of service that made a huge difference during our time in San Fran. The hotel and the rooms have lots of character, and the bed has a very comfortable, firm mattress. I have nothing negative to say about the Hotel Rex. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did.	
Mar 31 2009 	Romantic Getaway	First time staying here to celebrate our anniversary and the literary themed/artsy decor appealed to both of us. The hotel quickly became our new favorite place to stay. Staff is so friendly &amp; accomodating. We arrived early and they allowed for early check in, rooms are beautifully decorated with hand painted lamp shades and real glasses to drink from; wet bar, snack tray, robes and slippers provided and be sure to meet Maximillion the pug. After coming back to our room from a day at the pier we were met with iced champagne and a card congratulating us on our anniversary--nice touch! If you bring a car be prepared for a $35 garage parking fee (with taxes)/24 hrs with in and out priveledges but we preferred to take a taxi or the trolley just a half block away. Great location close to shopping, theatres, restaurants. We will definitely be back!	
Mar 18 2009 	So Convenient	Well, first of all, I have to say I loved Max (the Pug). This hotel is close to all public transportation, good food, shopping, everything!!! The staff couldn't be nicer or more accommodating. We were there two nights, but only got to enjoy one wine night. That is another plus. Happy travelers at Happy Hour. Visited the nearby famous Drake and St. Francis and was glad to be in a smaller place. Location, location. Nice staff. Sweet dog!!!	
Mar 17 2009 	Excellent room wonderfull staff great location!	The staff made me feel very at home, good advices for restaurants and trips and I loved the atmosphere in the hotel, free internet in my wide and nicely decorated room, the wine in the late afternoons, music on Friday, all great!	
Mar 13 2009 	My #1 pick for an affordable San Francisco hotel	I've been coming to San Francisco frequently for two years and this is by far the best place I've stayed.First, it is extremely well located on a safe, clean, and reasonably quiet block of Sutter Street, only 1 1/2 blocks from Union Square. So you can walk to shopping, theater, Chinatown, Financial District, and cable cars and busses are a few steps away. As a single female traveler, I feel safe here on the street and in the hotel and in my room.Right now in the off season, I am staying here for an incredible $104 a night in a room that will be $250+ a night this summer. The decor is beautiful and stylish, with bright South of France colors. Very cheerful.Staff is very friendly and helpful. My room is large (by downtown San Francisco standards). I'm staying here a month for work and leisure and spend a fair amount of time in the room working on my laptop. There is plenty of space for me to work without being cramped.There is a restaurant in the hotel that serves breakfast and dinner and also room service. Food is very good. And, there are many nearby inexpensive options in close walking distance.This is very comfortable for me for a long-term stay, as well as being the best price I could find.	
Mar 9 2009 	Met all of our expectations/ and a few more	Had a great time here-- nothing to specifically &quot;write home&quot; about, but it was in a great location, clean, friendly, safe and had internet and printers to print out your flight boarding passes.We grilled the front desk for lots of dinner options, and were always pleased with our choices. I would return here again- and know that I would not be dissapointed.	
Feb 24 2009 	This is a good hotel.	A good hotel- excellent location and very friendly and helpful staff. We did order room service and it did come a little cold, but we were too tired to make a fuss! It was pretty nice food though. Nonetheless the hotel was very neat, clean and comfortable. It had a massive LCD screen TV in the bedroom, which was nice. The hotel also had an office room with macs in which we could use. I would recommend this hotel to a friend.	
Feb 19 2009 	The broken thermostat left me cold	Drat. I had really looked forward to a romantic Valentine's Day getaway with my husband. We planned it at the last minute. I booked a package of flight and hotel through an online service. I had a variety of hotels to choose from, so of course I checked Trip Advisor to see which one was best. Hotel Rex seemed like a great romantic choice. I love old houses. I've stayed in old European hotels. I know to expect character, not modern perfection.Our first impression was a good one. The clerk was prompt and helpful. The lobby was cozy and inviting. We arrived late, and the bar was closed, but it all seemed wonderful. The size of the room was a little bit disappointing, but we were happy to find a flat screen TV, an alarm clock that accommodates an iPod, and a lighted makeup mirror. These were all little extras that made our stay nicer.One of the first negatives we ran into was that there was no view. No big deal, really. I don't go to a hotel to gaze out the window. But this Valentine's Day weekend was miserable and rainy, so we spent more time in the room than we normally would. Our view was a brick wall. We couldn't see the sky, the ground, or anything on either side. Just that brick wall. There was no comfortable place to sit and watch the TV. When I wanted to iron something, I discovered there was no outlet that I could plug the iron into and set up the ironing board near. I had to lift the ironing board over the bed and set it up with myself stuck in the corner.As you might have gleaned from the title of this post, though, the worst problem was the thermostat that was simply an On/Off switch. It had a temperature dial, but the dial made no difference. If you turned on the fan, the heat was on. And on and on and on until it was sweltering. If you turned it off, the dreary February damp made its way around the charming, rustic window (with window A/C), and we found ourselves soon shivering.We had arrived on a Friday night and we told the desk clerk about the broken thermostat on Saturday morning as we left. We heard him calling maintenance as we walked out the front door. When we returned, the thermostat was exactly as it had been when we arrived. Broken. We told a second desk clerk about the broken thermostat on Saturday evening. He told us that that's the way it's supposed to work. I spent five minutes trying to explain. &quot;No, there's a temperature dial on it. If I set the dial to a certain number, it's supposed to turn the heat on and off so that it stays at that temperature.&quot;&quot;No, that's the heat.&quot;&quot;Yes, I know that's the heat. I'm not trying to get it to blow cold air. I just want it to turn off once in a while.&quot;&quot;That's the heat.&quot;I gave up. We spent Saturday night turning the heat on and off.On Sunday night I was up sick all night -- unrelated to the cold, but no good for my temperament -- but it allowed me to serve as the thermostat while my husband got a little sleep.On Monday when we checked out, I tried to tell one more clerk about the thermostat. She politely and regretfully told me that yes, most of the thermostats are broken. Yes, she knows they just act as On/Off switches. She said that some of them do work, but most don't.So they know. They know! But they don't fix them?! I just...really...don't understand.The location is great. The decor is beautiful. The linens are luxurious. The bar is quaint -- and oh! Don't let them forget to tell you about the complimentary glass of wine each night! They forgot to tell us. We only found out as we picked up our bags to leave and heard them telling an arriving guest.I would love to love the Hotel Rex. It's almost there. But, along with indoor plumbing (check!), I expect a heating system with a thermostat. If I wanted to go camping and be responsible for stoking and extinguishing the fire, I'd go camping. It's a lot cheaper.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good Hotel  great bed  excelent location !	I stayed at the Rex in New Year's Eve . The room was nice, clean &amp; confortable , facing Sutter Street on the 6th floor, with a fantastic bed (see picture). I had dinner at The Rex , the food was ok although it took a while to be served. Before dinner there was live music in the hall (jazz) which was rather cool. This hotel is all about location and it's staff. The staff was amazing, friendly and made one feel very welcome. Union Square is round the corner , as well as Cable cars ( corner of Powel &amp; Sutter ). I had breakfast at Loris, it was great (check picture) . Good inexpensive food, free wireless ... can highly recommend it.I would have no problem at all to return to the Rex on my next trip to San Francisco .	
Feb 2 2009 	Eclectic and different Rex.	Stayed at this hotel while in SF on business last July(very late with review). I picked it as it appeared to be a more personal and smaller option, which proved to be correct. It has quite small rooms and appears a bit cluttered and old fashioned. It is eclectic and and a tad bohemian in appearance, displaying thye works of local artists. The staff are exceptionally friendly and informative and the wine tastings in the evening are a great way to get speaking to people. This place had more the feel of a country hotel in rural England. A very pleasant experience in the centre of a busy city.	
Jan 23 2009	Enjoyed Hotel Rex and reading books	We were visiting college campuses for our 12 year old son to inspire him to study and make plans to continue in higher education. The Hotel Rex was a perfect place to stay to promote such inspiration, as it was like a bookstore or library with books everywhere. My son likes books so felt at ease in the lobby and the rooms.The staff went out of their way for kindness and service, and we appreciated the friendliness and warm atmosphere, as well as the intellectual clientele.It was fun.	
Jan 21 2009 	Hidden Romantic Treasure	We have stayed at the Rex on several occasions and enjoy the ambiance of the rooms - unique, comfortable, romantic and cozy, along with the wine reception in the elegant &quot;library.&quot; The hotel is a hidden treasure near the most fun part of the city - the Union Square district, with lots of great restaurants and nearby shopping. Also, a 24 hour Walgreens Drug is across the street. Staff is very friendly and helpful and we enjoyed the pug, &quot;Max&quot; who seems to be taking a perpetual nap on his chair in the lobby. Also, easy and cheap transportation via the streetcars (on Market Street - only $1.50) to the Wharf or the romantic cable cars which can be boarded on nearby Powell.	
Jan 3 2009 	Great Location nice hotel.	Fantastic location, really helpful staff and clean rooms with a bit of character to them. Would recommend to a friend.	
Dec 22 2008 	Loved the location of the Rex	We stayed at the Hotel Rex for the first part of our honeymoon in December and we loved it!Location is brilliant, only a few seconds away from Union Square and the cable cars. The font desk staff were very helpful with hints and tips of where to go and with resturant suggestions as it was our first trip to San Fran.The room was nice and large with all the needed facilities includes air con, which I should image would be needed if you stay there during summer months. We went out for dinner on our first night and the staff had put a bottle of champagne in our room with a card as we were on honeymoon - such a lovely touch!Free 15 minutes internet connection daily was really useful and we loved the free glass of wine in the evenings!We definatly left our hearts in San Francisco and will definatly return, when we do there will be no question that we will stay at the Rex again. It offered something different and querky from your normal run of the mill chain hotels and we loved it.	
Dec 7 2008 	Pleasant boutique hotel convenient for Union Square	We made a stopover in San Francisco on the way back from New Zealand and found the Hotel Rex in Hip Hotels since we wanted something with a bit more character than the at times bland offerings of the Westin/Marriott/Sheraton etc. chains. The Rex did the trick with the bonus of being convenient for Union Square and the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf.We didn't actually spend much time in the hotel since we were seeng friends and visiting Alcatraz, but what we saw of the bar and lobby was very cosy and welcoming.The room was small, but perfectly formed and quite comfortable. The furniture was antiquey so as to perpetuate the club-like atmosphere, although it was beginning to look slightly worn. The bathroom was standard-issue American hotel with one of those scary loos that threatens to wash you away too when it is flushed.Good value though and definitely recommended as a base for seeing downtown San Francisco.By the way, the hotel is also convenient for Sears Fine Food, the well-known restaurant and so we by-passed the hotel restaurant for breakfast and went there instead.	
Nov 17 2008 	Outstanding Staff	The staff was outstanding. My husband and I always enjoyed the ambience, the warmth and charm of this small hotel and its location to the Square in San Francisco. My daughters and I came to revisit my husband's favorite places and they could not have treated us with more kindness. I simply will not stay anywhere else in San Francisco! Kudos to Hotel Rex!	
Nov 17 2008 	WLawson bday block weekend	This hotels hospitality team is one of the best we've ever encountered. It felt like we were working with the staff of a Four Seasons Resort. From our initial contact with the hotel - we were looking for a block of rooms for an 80th birthday weekend celebration - the staff was just great. Both the Group Sales and front desk staff were just awesome. The rooms are well appointed for a boutique hotel and well kept. Because we booked six rooms, the hotel provided us with fair group rates. We stay in the city five to six times a year and would highly rate this hotel team over any other we've seen. Great job Hotel Rex. RSteele	
Nov 16 2008 	Great location . We loved the cosy bar !	Hotel Rex is a nice, quiet hotel on Sutter Street, 3' walk from Union square. The hotel is well located for cable car links , financial district and shopping centre of San Francisco.We loved the hotel because it was close (or well linked) to main attractions without having the noise and buzz of a touristic hotel. The breakfast was good and generous (...even though a bit expensive). For a cheaper breakfast, right on the corner of Sutter street there is a diner where classic American breakfast is served. Starbucks coffee is on the corner as well as a 24hour supermarket. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The interior of the lobby was well decorated. The bar's decoration is reminescent of a 1960's living room/office. The rooms were well sized and clean.	
Nov 1 2008 	Enjoyable Stay at The Rex Hotel	Stayed at the Rex for a couple of days in early September - following reviews in Trip Advisor. Very central for downtown, cable cars, China Town, Union Square shopping. The Rex has great ambience and nice bar area to read a while; drink a while and meet folks from here there and everywhere - hotel staff very friendly and helpful. We have stayed a couple of times in SF - this was great value and the best for us.Fred &amp; Denny, Perth, Australia	
Oct 21 2008 	Free Wine at the Rex	The Rex is centrally situated near Union Square and easy to find. The bedroom was well appointed and spacious but could have done with air-conditioning. We had breakfast in the adjoining restaurant once, but as it was a little pretentious with a limited menu we preferred to go to Lori's Diner a few doors along the street. The staff were all very friendly, especially the barman who was both knowledgeable and interesting to talk to. There was a free glass of wine each evening in the bar, which also provided some musical entertainment some nights. The lounge bar was a very pleasant place to sit and go over the day's events.	
Oct 17 2008	Great front desk staff	Purchased via hotwire, so was unsure what I was in for. Very pleasantly surprised. Great location, nice clean room, a large glass of free wine nightly between 6 -7 pm was a bonus. The front desk staff could not have been more helpful, assisting with confirming tours I had booked prior to leaving. I sat chatting with them one day, they provided maps and routes for sightseeing etc..	
Oct 3 2008 	Ah Rex how sweet it is.	I have stayed at the Rex twice. The first time, I stayed for a week on business. The second, 4 nights for fun. Both times were fantastic. As a boutique hotel, the Rex has a European flavor to it and the location is great. Nearby is Union Square, with great shopping. There is a cable car stop a block away and Chinatown is a short walk (up a very steep hill). The staff at the Rex is super. They take care of you the moment you walk in the door. Every night, at happy hour, each guest gets a free glass of wine and they fill it to the rim! The rooms, though small, are very cute and the decorations are funky. There is free wi-fi, a CD player and an ipod doc in the rooms. The bathrooms are clean and the showers are spacious. Our room well very comfortable and we felt right at home. The Rex is located on the outskirts of the Tenderloin which is San Francisco's skid-row. Don't let that scare you away, however. The neighborhood is very safe and the nasty areas are blocks away. I would definitely recommend the Rex and I will stay there again for sure.	
Oct 2 2008	Solid option but beware the noise	I stayed in a couple of places during a week long trip to SF, including 2 nights at the Rex. It´s in a great location and is clean and comfortable.However, one major negative for me was the noise from the busy Sutter Street at the front of the hotel. To be fair, I was probably in the worst place for this (1st floor room at the front of the hotel) and it was a weekend. I should probably have asked to move room, but the queue at reception the second morning put me off and I was only staying a couple of nights. Take away the noise issue and I would give it 5 stars, but I´m a light sleeper and this is a deal breaker for me. If you are a light sleeper ask for a room not looking over the front of the hotel.	
Oct 1 2008 	Really Nice Hotel	We had a nice time in Hotel Rex. When we arrived we were able to check in straight away and the staff were very pleasant. We were on honeymoon and the congratulated us on this!After a nice day at Union Square which was very close, we came back to a lovely bottle of Californian &quot;champagne&quot; and strawberries dipped in chocolate that were left as a surprise.The rooms are a tad small but hey you're in San Francisco.	
Sep 26 2008 	Wonderful Stay at the Rex	Had a great stay at the Hotel Rex. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and comfortable. We especially enjoyed the complimentary wine each day. The hotel location is fantastic - close to everything you would like to get to in SF. Free WiFi in the lobby and all the rooms is a nice bonus. The room rate was excellent.Would definitely stay at the Hotel Rex again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Great room, great location, great service, great price. Stayed here for three nights at $111/night (I know, great deal!) and it's truly a great place. The bed was comfortable. The A/C worked great (it was rather warm for SF). The location near the Ferry Building and the Embarcadero is wonderful. We arrived in SF at 10 a.m. after a six-hour direct flight from the East Coast. We were able to check in to our room when we arrived, which was great because we were tired after getting up so early.Because the restaurant is undergoing renovations, breakfast is supplied on each floor each morning. It's rather simple and not unexpected for SF. No noise from other rooms or outside; slept like a baby. Some people have said the rooms are small, but they're not that bad. It's a hotel and you're in SF. Get out and walk around!All in all, great hotel. I highly recommend it.	
Sep 14 2008	Nice stay at hotel rex	We just returned from 4 nights at the Hotel Rex. The best feature of this hotel is the location. It is easy to walk to the train, cable car, and a lot of dining options. The room was nice, but small. Nothing fancy. Bed, dresser, desk, and a standard hotel bathroom. The walls are thin, and there was a lot of street noise. Frommers recommended a room in the back to avoid street noice, but none was available for our stay. The room was clean.There is no doorman, and someone can walk into the hotel and up the stars without being seen by the front desk. That being said we had no problems with security during our stay. There is a small business center with 15 min of free access a day. Front desk for the most part was very helpful. One hostess was rather aloof. But all were very helpful and knowledgable of the area.The bar offered nice (but pricey) drinks, and the restaurant was very good. We had quite a bit of interaction with the chef. The food was great as was the service. Overall this was a nice stay. Not a destination hotel but a fine choice to stay in union square.	
Sep 3 2008 	Nice Quaint Hotel	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Rex on our first anniversary trip. The hotel was quaint and had a lot of character. We liked the location--right off Union Square. The rooms are small but it wasn't a problem for us. There was no air conditioning in our room which we were not prepared for, but with the San Francisco weather, it wasn't too big of a deal. There was some noise from the street since we slept with our window open. The staff was very helpful and friendly. I appreciated the special touches throughout the hotel such as jazz CDs in the room, books in the lobby, and complimentary wine. I would consider staying there again.	
Aug 30 2008 	quaint cozy and excellent location	it's like a european hotel. the elevator was tiny. the room was small and clean but when your in sf why do you want to stay in your room? quiet but no view. excellent location two blocks from chinatown and one block from union square. staff was nice and helpful. if you want ice they will bring it to your room. did not get to take advantage of the complimentary wine. plenty of cafes available. even a walgreen across the street. nice place to staff that won't break the bank. i would consider it on my next visit.	
Aug 28 2008	The Rex Rocks	Hotel Rex is a cool hotel conveniently located in San Francisco. It's a great spot for out of towners, couoles who want a night away from the kids, or just hanging out in the city. The hotel is affordably-priced so you don't have to worry about getting soaked. Vetry good experience, end to end. I hearily recommend Hotel Rex.	
Aug 28 2008 	Great Location- Use Golden Great Greeter	We stayed here as the first part of our honeymoon, and we were very impressed. Lovely honeymoon treats left in our room; strawberries, champagne &amp; a card.Good bar with a free glass of wine every evening.Small, but clean roomsFabulous location.TIP: Wander out of Union Square for breakfast, to avoid high prices.	
Aug 24 2008	Good location but small room and very gloomy decor	Hotel has a good location close to Union Square and public transport. We were disappointed with the size of the room and although the decor was styled 'boutique' found it to be dull and gloomy rather than vibrant and modern. (See photo of room). A friend who was also staying at the same time as us however found that the room size was fine for a single person. Decor wise the walls are a dull yellow with all paintwork green. In the bathroom the walls are custard yellow with green paintwork and lilac floor tiles. Windows and doors have been repainted numerous times and look like our own did before we got double glazing. Reception staff are very friendly and helpful but I don't know how they can see to do their work it is so dark where they are based. There is also a very old dog sometimes around Reception (does not mind a bit of attention), however he is allowed to sit on the chairs in the vicinity.The beds were comfortable with 3 pillows on each, lighting was dim as is usual for hotels but there were lights above the headboards of the beds. The wardrobe is very small, only one side for hanging clothes which also held the ironing board , 2 robes and the suitcase holder; all of which had to be removed to try and fit the clothes in. The other side of the wardrobe should have had three shelves but we only had one in ours. There was an old long unit which held the television, underneath was the fridge on one side and 3 drawers (which stuck) on the other. It was very cold when we were there (San Francisco in August is like the worst of an English summer ) - lots of tourists were wearing jackets with San Francisco on - like us they had probably thought California in August would be hot and sunny but the low cloud makes it COLD! It was even four days before we could see the whole of the Golden Gate bridge. It is really strange because you can see Sausolito which is quite close and it is lovely and sunny there. Anyway back to the room - the heating (yes we needed heating!) is very noisy (probably an old system) and I wouldn't be able to sleep through the rattling it was making. There was no safe in the room so we had to put valuables in a security box at Reception and keep asking for access whenever we needed it. There was no coffee maker. The bathroom was well lit and nice and bright;with a magnifying mirror and hairdrier . Shower head was fixed to wall and was a decent strength. There was a full length mirror on the back of the bedroom door. There was an extending washing line over the bath which we made use of - only drawback was it took 3 days to dry things.We did not have the free glass of wine as we were always out and about but it is a nice gesture and enjoyed by many I'm sure.Things we enjoyed while in San Francisco and would recommend: Alcatraz But trips are booked up well in advance so book at least a couple of weeks beforehand - longer if possible to get a good time. I would suggest going in the early afternoon as the low cloud seems to clear by then and you get the best views, but the cloud does come back in later in the day (around 5pm when we were there)Wine country tourVery enjoyable, not just because of the wine but also the tours are interesting and you get to spend some time in Sonoma where you have lunch.Sealions on pier 39Great fun to watch them sleeping, swimming and shouting their heads off!Boat trip to SausolitoAlso a lot of people had hired bicycles to ride over the Golden Gate Bridge and got the ferry back.Whilst in Sauslito we got the local bus to Muir Woods where the giant trees are worth seeing.Nightime:Duelling pianos downstairs at Foley's Bar in O'Farrell Street.Not recommendedOpen top bus tour - nearly had our heads blown off. The bus does not go slowly and as mentioned above SF is very cold. I looked around the bus as we went over the Golden Gate bridge and everyone had their heads down, eyes closed or were burying their heads into their companion's coat! I felt like I couldn't breathe properly as the wind was taking my breath away so covered my nose and mouth with my hands.AVIS car hire at Union SquareAvoid this company/office like the plague - we waited THREE HOURS to collect a car we had booked )along with numerous other people who were in the same position). Interestingly the manager had preprinted $25 disount vouchers to hand out - we assume therefore this happens quite often. We had a long drive ahead of us and Avis complelely ruined one of our valuable days in California.In conclusion San Francisco very enjoyable but we wouldn't stay at the Rex again despite location.	
Aug 20 2008 	friendly 	staff very friendly and hotel clean.room quite small and very warm meaning we had to use air conditioning even when not warm outside.complimentary glass of wine very welcome.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great hotel good location nice rooms	Nicely decorated room, comfortable bed, WIFI, nice bar to enjoy a complimentary glass of wine. This was a really nice hotel. Location is great close to Union Square. We had a lovely dinner at Aziza a maroccan restaurant, Slanted door was also great and went for a bike ride to sausalito which was nice and then took the boat back. Many good restaurants in SF. I would definately consider staying at Rex if i go back to San Francisco and recommend it to all my friends.	
Aug 13 2008	Amazing place- great decor great staff	I've stayed at this hotel several times and love it. The staff is incredibly nice and I happen to love the decor of the place- bright yellow walls, nice artwork and your room is cozy and has the SF &quot;vibe&quot; you expect. Great jazz selections in your room and there is a wine &quot;happy hour&quot; at 6pm, I believe, although I never went. The location is perfect- down art gallery way so the foot traffic is usually limited to SF residents/vacationers and there are no trolley lanes down Sutter, so it is a quiet street. Its perfectly located. Only issue with the hotel is time to book- reserve a month in advance- waiting more than that, it will probably be booked. I know this sounds like a employee leaving a review, but it isn't. Im just a big fan of this hotel. I've had nothing but great experiences here and have recommended it several times to others. They all had similar experiences.	
Aug 12 2008 	Good for a 3-star hotel	I am giving this four stars because it is above average for a three-star hotel. Good value steps from Union Square. The front desk staff were courteous, prompt, and gave good information. The room was small, but clean and well-decorated--we took a king-sized bed and got a room with an extra-large bathroom. Overall, just what a three-star hotel should be.	
Aug 9 2008 	Great Getaway	We just got back from a four day stay at the Hotel Rex, and we had a great time. It was our first time in San Francisco, and we didn't want to stay at a chain hotel. The Hotel Rex lived up to its positive reviews, and we certainly weren't disappointed. The staff is wonderful at the hotel! We were always greeted witha smile, and any questions or requests were taken care of immediately. Great touch--the day manager brings his pug to the hotel---sweetest, most mellow dog I've seen in a while (and my girls loved him!). The bar and restaurant manager, David, had some wonderful suggestions as to where to go &quot;off the path&quot;, as well as a great dinner suggestion. We ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant--a small, cozy place, with very good food. We also enjoyed the complimentary glass of wine in the evenings (between 5 and 6 p.m.).The hotel is very cool in its decor. Take the time to read some of the quotes in the halls by the elevator.We were lucky to have a suite--it was spacious, and we even had two jazz cds on our bedstand. And the bed was wonderfully comfortable, especially after a long day of sightseeing!When I booked the room I mentioned that we were belatedly celebrating our daughter's 16th birthday. The satff was so gracious to all of us--and to my daughter--and even placed a bouquet of flowers and a musical birthday card in the room for her!This was a fun trip with a stay at a wonderful hotel.	
Aug 4 2008 	So so	We are a family of 4 (2 girls 7 &amp; 9). We were booked there for a wedding (everyone from outside SF stayed there) but I wished I was in another hotel. It's expensive for what it is. The rooms are so so. The walls were covered with ugly grand dad type pictures with cheap cheap gold frames that didn't match one another... We had to call the from desk as the fridge key! (yes fridge key) wouldn't work. They said just pull the door from under. So why need a key? Someone in the party had the handicapped room, with the funny shower and seat. They were not pleased. We asked for a wake up call that never beeped (same for my in-laws). The printer (just 2 PC) in the &quot;so called&quot; business center was broken. their best feature were a collection of antique typewriters and bakelite phones. Room furniture looked like itt came from garage sales, drawers didn't slide smoothly, there were only 5 coat hangers. I could hear people flushing and all the stuff going down the pipe. The guest next door kept his alarm clock beeping for 2+ hours from 5.30am, 3 days in a row! I complained the first time, the second time and the third time at check out. They did NOTHING but slipping a note under the door! If I was management, I would have relocate the noisy guest or chucked him out. Hhey they were gracious to give us 40% off for the 3 days it happened. the TV was just an old crt and the menu was barely readable. when I asked the desk how to watch the news,they said it's an old system and they were going to replace it. But! The paid movies, a whopping $9.95 were very easy to access... and there wasn't any child safety (for porn). It was our first time staying in an hotel in SF, and when we realized tons of other hotels were 1mn away, it made us grinched.	
Jul 27 2008 	The Rex is Inspiring!	I recently had the opportunity to stay at the Rex while on business in the &quot;City by the Bay&quot;. The Hotel has what can be described as a majestic old home &quot;Library&quot; theme that encourages a guest to curl up with a good book. I kept imagining myself wrapped up in a old fashioned bath robe with a glass of cognac in one hand and my favorite book in the other. The rooms, which are also decorated with a similar theme, are small, but given the hotel's central location within the city close to the Union Square, the Financial District and Chinatown, it simply made the hotel seem all the more cozy. Keep in mind that the hotel is in downtown San Francisco, so parking is typically by valet. You can try to &quot;self park&quot; on the street, but take advantage of the valet which makes you feel like a VIP without the cost! There is a small restaurant within the hotel which has great food, however, there are about 1,000 other restaurants within walking distance to the hotel. If your planning a visit to San Francisco, you owe it to yourself to stay at this hotel or another belonging to the same holding company &quot;Joie de Vivre&quot; (Joy of Life).	
Jul 25 2008 	A decent average stay	My husband's company placed us at the hotel during a trade show. The hotel is in a nice location near Union Square and within a couple blocks of many restaurants and tons of shopping. The hotel has a nice artsy feeling to it, which makes it unique. The rooms were a bit small, but not real uncommon for downtown San Francisco. The bed was comfortable with fours pillows and decent lighting. The tv was very small and only came with a handfull of channels, which did not include HBO or Showtime. You could however rent a current movie for $13. The room only had an armoire with one side shelves and the other side hanging space, which also is where the ironing board is kept. Not too much space for suits and business attire to be hung. The bedroom and bathroom were clean, but the bathroom was very small. It had a tiny 12&quot; x 12&quot; counter and a toilet that took 2 flushes to flush. The hotel has a restaurant downstairs, that we didn't get to. We did order room service, which was very expensive and disappointing. The oatmeal with dried fruit contained a bowl of oatmeal with 1 strawberry on top. Also, we set up a wake up call, that never actually came.This hotel is good for people who are not picky, and don't require a lot of space or services. The hotel is clean and cute and well located at a relatively affordable rate.	
Jul 23 2008 	Convenient and Cozy	We stayed at Hotel Rex during a recent business trip to SF. The downstairs bar was still open at 10 pm when we arrived, and served us a complimentary glass of wine (because we had signed up for their Joy of Life Club before getting there). Very cozy bar with lots to read and a pleasant bartender. Our room upstairs was also cozy and spacious at the same time. It had everything we needed, though the bathroom was a bit small. An open window to an empty lot full of vegetation was kind of nice... we hate being in a room where we can't open a window. Breakfast downstairs in the cafe was delicious. And the location was great. We walked to Chinatown for gifts to take home, to the Apple store to buy an iPod, Starbuck's to get coffee, somewhere to get a pedicure and to a local museum and a few galleries. Despite being in the middle of everything, the room was very quiet at night.	
Jul 22 2008 	A little gem in a super location	I went to San Francisco having never been before and as a lone traveller. The travel agent assured me that I would like this hotel and that I would enjoy it more than going to a big chain which I would normally do.The hotel is very clean and comfortable, safe and secure. They had a way of making you feel welcome and at home. The standards are high and your room is very clean. My bed was very comfortable indeed. The business centre was free and had excellent internet access. I would say that it was excellent value for money and the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. It felt like a family business as they were all so genuine. The only thing to let it down was the café at breakfast time. They need to have extra staff then to clear the tables and bring the food out. As I had to wait 20 minutes to be seated when there were 3 empty tables that just needed to be cleared. But the staff were very apologetic and quick once inside.I am so grateful to the travel agent as I was right in the heart of things and easily able to get to all the attractions and find great places to meet the wonderful locals.	
Jul 14 2008 	Overall quite nice with the exception of one slip up	Stayed at the Rex July 8-11, 2008. Two adults, two children. We had a room with two double beds. For an old hotel in the heart of the city I was pleased with size of the room. The beds were quite comfortable, the room was tidy, and the bathroom was clean. After our first day seeing the city, we returned at about 7:00pm to a room that had not seen maid service. We informed the front desk. They were apologetic and offered to have it cleaned then, but, being tired and with 2 young kids to tend to, we declined. The rest of the stay was pleasant, however I would have expected some sort of gesture (comp the in-room movie we watched or something) for having forgotten to clean our room.The location of the Rex is nice if you want the Union Square scene. There is a Cable Car stop at the corner of Powell and Sutter, which is very convenient. We also found two charming, good and kid-friendly restaurants within a block of the hotel (Max's and the Cozy Cable Car Cafe). It is a busy part of town, and there is a strong contingent of homeless folks approaching you on most corners. A bit annoying after a while. I would likely stay here again if I crave the Union Square location. However, next visit...if it's just me and my wife...I will opt for a B&amp;B in the Cow Hollow / Pacific Heights area. I bit quieter there and, IMO, a better selection on restaurants.	
Jul 10 2008 	Friendly	Great hotel, great location just off Union Square. Staff very friendly and helpful - nothing a bother. Only drawback no tea/coffee facilities in the room but they do have free tea and coffee in the bar in the morning. My room was just beside the lift but you wouldn't have known as never heard anything and I wasn't an early riser. Lots of people I met were leaving early so you would have thought I would hear them.Hotel restaurant good value and food excellent.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Location Friendly Staff Free Wine!	We stayed at the Rex for 6 nights at the end of June 08. The location is fantastic, assuming you prefer Union Square to the Wharf. The decor is slightly tired, but it's clean and comfortable. The bed and pillows were really comfortable, the bathroom was large and the shower worked well. You get a bathrobe and slippers, for those who love those extras! There is a minibar fridge in the room, but no tea/ coffe making facilities - although they offer free tea and coffee every morning from 5am.Our room was at the back of the hotel on the second floor and was so quiet that we were able to sleep with the window open all night (there was no noise at all).The staff are genuinely friendly (as opposed to fake Californian friendly) and want to help you. Each night between 5 and 6 you get a free glass of wine, and after that drinks are pretty reasonably priced (for a City centre hotel). We didn't eat in the restaurant so can't comment. On the day we checked out they let us have our room for an extra couple of hours at no charge.One thing that hasn't been mentioned on trip advisor (that I can see) is that if you go to their website and let them have enough notice, they will arrange a free of charge personal tour with a Golden Gate Greeter. This is really worth doing - our guide was great and spent half a day showing us around - you tell them what you want to see/ your interests - and they tailor it to you.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great stay at the Rex	We tacked on a visit to San Francisco before attending a conference at Stanford in Palo Alto. We picked the Rex primarily because of the solid reviews it had, but also because of the chain it belongs to, and because of its library theme. We were happy with the results.Our first night didn't go too well -- on arrival, we were told that the hotel was overbooked (actually, one guest had asked for an additional night). The Rex sent us to a nearby hotel -- about 15 minutes walk -- for the night, and paid for a taxi and breakfast the next morning. The substitute hotel - the Galleria Park - was fine. The next morning, we walked back to the Rex and checked in. For the first two nights we were in a very comfortable, quiet room at the back of the hotel, but with a Queen bed. For the last three nights we switched to a bigger room with a King bed, but it was noisier.In both cases, the rooms were comfortable and well maintained. The bathrooms were generous, and each room had a CD player, which was a nice touch. Admittedly, we didn't spend much time in the room but late at night, when we got back, exhausted, it was a comfortable place to rest up.We spent a little time one afternoon reading in the lounge and lobby, which was very comfortable, atmospheric, and full of books. We ate at the attached restaurant only once, for breakfast, and it was very good. There are plenty of other restaurants nearby.All in all, an excellent stay, with attentive, friendly staff. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 27 2008 	great stay at the Rex	We chose this hotel as I knew of the Joie De Vie hotel group to which the Rex belongs. We were happy with the choice we'd made, however would suggest that if you intend to stay longer than a day or 2 you should book a junior suite - they are much larger and have better facilities. (We were upgraded from a King for $30 per night). Also, despite being right in the centre of the city the hotel is quiet - but you ought to ask for a room at th back which will make it even more peaceful.The staff were great, wine at 5pm lovely and location perfect.	
Jun 25 2008 	Love that Rex!	I just returned from 3 days at the Rex with my husband and teenage son. We all loved it! The location, near Chinatown and Union Square, was perfect for exploring the city. The room was elegant and very large. And our rear of the hotel location was quiet. The staff was more than helpful and made the stay memorable. Highly recommended.	
Jun 22 2008 	Cool place	Well located place in Union Square. Around the corner from the rental car place, so that's convenient. Arts-themed (literary quotes on the walls plus they donate $1 of your stay to 826 Valencia writing center), nicely decorated, nice, clean rooms. Their restaurant seemed too expensive, so we went to Persimmon just a a couple of doors down and it was such great food. There is also a 24 hour diner not too far away. Recommended over Hotel Monaco also in Union Square which is more expensive and has smaller rooms.	
Jun 17 2008	My favorite hotel in San Fran	The Hotel Rex, formerly known as the Orchard, is the only place I stay when I visit San Francisco! It is a great european-style hotel, made so by the friendly, attentive and courteous staff, the cleanliness of the hotel, and the convenience of the location to everything one must see and do in the city. After I found this hotel years ago, it has become my number 1 choice when I am in San Francisco. I love the decor, artsy and fun, and the rooms are just the right size to feel comfortable and at home. The afternoon wine-tasting is always lovely, and the addition of the restaurant and room service has been a fabulous convenience. The location couldn't be better. It is located right off one of the main trolley lines, Powell,, is within walking distance of Union Square, shopping, and the financial district. I love this hotel and recommend it highly! It is a must stay!	
Jun 13 2008 	Just OK	We've just returned after a 2 nt stay at the Rex...althought the staff were efficient and courteous...the rooms are very small and somewhat noisy due to street noise and window air-conditioners.It is centrally located to shopping and Union Square...but lacking in amenities.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great hotel Excellent location	Excellent location, right alongside Union Square. Above all, the manager and staff were excellent and very very helpful. The manager in particular helped us out big time and we appreciated the help. Price versus Location, you couldn't get better. The restaurant served a wonderful breakfast, the food was lovely. Also, what was nice was the glass of wine we got in the evening time, it was a lovely idea after the day of touring. I would definitely go back again if I was to visit San Fran.	
May 31 2008 	great location staff individual style	very close to union square, with a charming old-fashioned decor - which makes a refreshing change from most chain hotels. staff were excellent, and our queen room was actually a decent size and very clean. i guess it has been a few years since it was decorated as its looking a bit faded in places, but that probably adds to the ambience.	
May 28 2008 	Home Away from Home	What a lovely comfortable Hotel.. We were greeted by Max the dog as we entered. The lounge lobby is very comfortable and &quot;artsy&quot;. The location couldn't be better. We loved the helpful staff and the complimentary glass of wine in the evening.We'll be back!	
May 28 2008 	Adequate hotel close to Union Square	Hotel Rex is a smallish hotel close to Union Square. What can I say about it? - It was OK, we didn't hate it but wouldn't bother to go back. For some reason, when we checked in, we were told we had been upgraded to a better room - I've no idea why, but we didn't complain. Our room was on the third floor and at the back of the hotel so there was no road noise. The room was a reasonable size but I peeked at a normal room and they seemed a lot smaller.It was clean and well decorated in a old fashioned way, although it had the noisiest plumbing I've come across - if you like bright modern hotels this isn't the hotel for you.We appreciated the free glass of wine served in the bar between 5pm-6pm. We didn't eat in the hotel - try Lori's diner (turn left out of the hotel entrance - 2 minutes walk) for big American breakfasts in 1950s surroundings.	
May 25 2008 	Romantic Rex	The Rex was the perfect hotel to enjoy our romantic anniversary . The staff as described in previous reviews were truly excellent. A special room had been selected for us, there was Jazz music playing when we entered the room and a gift with card waiting for us to acknowledge our celebration.  This hotel is full of character, with individual rooms and a lovely bar and lounge at which you can enjoy your free glass of wine each evening.  We have stayed in a number of SF Hotels this is without doubt the best.	
May 7 2008 	My Home Away from Home	I travel to San Francisco quite frequently from the East Coast and had typically been one of those &quot;Check the Grand Hyatt First&quot; people. I stumbled upon Hotel Rex last year and now that my travels take me to the city quite often, Hotel Rex has become my hotel of choice.The staff is exceedingly accomodating, friendly, and at your service. Every stay at Hotel Rex has been a pleasure and the plesantries of boutique hotels are present in perfection.Rooms and beds are comfortable, always spotless, and for almost all my stays - quite noise free.The proximity to Unon Square can't be beat. If ever I cannot get a room at Hotel Rex during my trips, I guess I can always try the Hyatt next.	
Apr 22 2008	Great location	Great location, within walking distance of Union Square and Chinatown. Hotel and rooms have a 1930's feel and rates are very reasonable. Staff very helpful. Noisy airconditioning unit in our room but we were at the back of the hotel so no street noise. Would definitely stay there again. Recommended.	
Apr 16 2008 	Rex rules!	We only had 3 nights at the Rex, but we really enjoyed our stay. The decor is arty, and very warm and welcoming. The room was smallish (think typical European sized room, not modern American), but we were only sleeping in there anyway.The best part of the place was the staff. Everyone we met or talked to was friendly, helpful, and welcoming. You almost hope to have some kind of problem so they will help you out of it.	
Apr 14 2008	Sweet Spot	Clean and quiet. Great location--walking distance to LOTS of fun spots. I loved the all natural bath products they left for us, plus the fact that they had a recycling bin in the room and seemed to care about conserving resources. The free glass of wine was also nice, and Dave the bartender treated us like old friends. Don't get too excited about the &quot;cozy&quot; bathrobe, however, because it was about as cozy as a dishtowel and not a whole lot bigger...	
Apr 10 2008 	Wonderful hotel amazing staff	You can't beat the location of this place - right near shopping, restaurants, and cable cars. The room was small but very clean and not decorated in cookie-cutter hotel room style. The staff was amazing - really helpful and always friendly. I've never had better service at a hotel! There was some noise on the street-facing side, but we were so tired from walking all the hills that we didn't notice much! I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 9 2008	Hotel Rex A Winner	This was our third stay at The Hotel Rex. We gravitate back to this hotel because of the location, hospitality and atmosphere. The rooms are impeccably clean, the response of the staff is never strained and they put us first no matter how small the inquiry. We do like the location for walking almost anywhere in the city and will return again for pleasure or, if we must, business. Nice one!	
Apr 7 2008 	Classy Hotel Rex	I had a fantastic stay for 3 nights at the Hotel Rex. All the staff were charming, helpful and friendly. The rooms are nicely decorated, with great bed linens and a CD player and jazz CDs to listen to. Like those in many San Francisco boutique hotels, my room was quite small, but it had every amenity I could want, and quite frankly in SF you don't spend much time in your room anyway. The room was located away from the street, and I'd recommend asking for that, so as to be away from any Sutter St noise. I slept really well - no noise any night (unlike other SF hotels I have stayed in). The Rex is close to Union Square, and it's easy to get to other parts of the city: one of the cable car lines is nearby, and there are buses which will take you to North Beach for example. It's an easy walk to the BART and Muni Metro stations at Market Street. When I needed to get to Berkeley upon checking out, the staff on the front desk went to great lengths to check town car rates for the trip - very helpful.Room service: great food from Cafe Andree (located on site). I recommend the pancakes for breakfast. I did eat in Cafe Andree one evening for dinner, and the food was excellent, but quite pricey. It's aiming to be a fine dining experience; there are other places nearby if you want something less upmarket.I didn't have my laptop with me, and was impressed to find that the Rex has a 'study' room with two terminals for guest use - absolutely free, unlike many other hotels. Really useful, and it was nice to be able to check email with some privacy rather than in an open lobby.The lobby, by the way, is lovely - leather armchairs, wood panelling. The feel is that of a literary salon, and it's very classy - like the Hotel Rex in general. Highly recommended.	
Mar 28 2008	The Hotel Rex was great!	First of all, he Hotel Rex has a great location; very central, which is a plus. It is a boutique hotel, owned by JDV Corporation, and has a great deal of ambiance and character. I hate large chain hotels, and always opt for the smaller hotels with character and comfort. I loved the colorful wall paint, the Study and the Lounge, and particularly the literary ambiance on which the hotel prides itself.The rooms are very comfortable and quite reasonably sized, the hot water plentiful, the maid service excellent and all of the staff more than helpful. The complimentary wine from 5:00 - 6:00 is a great way to meet fellow travellers, and while computer access is a trifle limited, it worked out quite well for me.There are any number of breakfast lunch and dnner places quite near and the Cafe Andree has good seasonal cuisine. All in all, I recommend it without hesitation.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Conference	Great sales staff and front desk service. All staff at the hotel is very friendly. Last minute changes were met with quick solutions.	
Mar 23 2008 	Friendly and Centrally Located	The Hotel Rex was in a great location near restaurants, public transportation and shopping. Aside from that, the staff was warm and friendly! They have a free wine happy hour each day, too. The rooms were comfortable and had some really nice touches! (free candy!!) I would absolutely stay at the Hotel Rex again.	
Mar 14 2008 	Great Hotel!	I've stayed at the Rex at least five times in the last four years and each time for 11 nights on business. This is a great hotel in a great location. Rooms - small, but well arranged with comfortable beds and air conditionerBathrooms - nothing gross about them, but they are small. The showers are all bathtub/shower combos and there is enough room on the vanity for a relatively high maintenance person's toiletriesLocation - you can easily walk to Union Square, it's only two blocks away and no hills; cabs are easy to hail in this location and cab fare to most neighborhoods in the city is under $10Staff - very friendly and helpful, especially the bartenderFood/Drinks - the hotel has good breakfast and a good bar menu; I haven't had dinner at the onsite restaurant; next door is a very cool bar called Cantina that has amazing drinksI choose the Rex for all of my trips to the Bay Area.	
Mar 11 2008	Great experience at Hotel Rex!	The is a lovely hotel with a delightful and incredibly helpful staff, good food, freshly brewed coffee in the morning and windows that open! Very close to SF's financial district, Union Square, a nice health club, restaurants, etc.	
Feb 29 2008 	Not bad not great	Stayed here on business for 2 nights in Feb. The hotel is fine - not far from Maceys. Free broadband is good. Also a free glass of wine between 5 and 6 is a nice touch. Valet parking was steep, but who brings a car into SFC anyway!!  The bar was informal and friendly. The room was a little on the dingy side (2nd floor) and the bathroom was not the best in the world (although perfectly functional). Overall if the price is right, Hotel Rex is fine, but if you were paying top dollar, you'd be just a little disappointed	
Feb 26 2008	Loved it!	My mom and I stayed here for 4 nights in July and had a really pleasant experience. The hotel is nicely located near Union Square and the cable car line. We had no problem finding it!The decor is great with lots of artwork and funky furniture. The room was quite nicely sized with a large armoir for clothes storage. The bed was large and comfy and our room was always very clean and quiet. The staff was very helpful with directions for nearby attractions.We had breakfast in the restaurant downstairs, since none is offered in the room price, and although it was nice, it was pretty overpriced for what it was. I would definitely recommend setting out and finding one of the restaurants nearby instead. The hotel did have a complimentary happy hour in the bar every evening, though, which was very nice. The bartender was very friendly and the lounge area is very comfortable. We really enjoyed our stay!	
Feb 4 2008	Beware-NOT one of SF's Top Ten Hotels!	We stayed here New Year's Eve and the dismal journey began with the front desk completely disregarding the KING room which I had confirmed (they acknowledged the confirmation) and which I paid more for...but which they had no explanation for. And I'm a member of their so-called loyalty club!They had no back-up plan for this situation and instead gave us two queen rooms. Two separate rooms. Not exactly an ideal situation on New Year's Eve or anytime.Old. Musty. Dusty. This is what comes to mind when I think about it. The furnishings in these rooms (since we saw two) are six months from shabby. NOT chic. The patterns, colors, poor lighting and such just create an un-inviting atmosphere. The &quot;marketing&quot; photos are not a good representation of the actual rooms. The AC situation is something else altogether.Make sure you ask for a space heater!The lobby is lovely but doesn't make up for what's lies upstairs. A major overhaul is needed here.	
Jan 25 2008 	Best Boutique in SF	I always stay at the Rex when I'm in San Francisco on business. The staff always seems to remember me and call me by name, making me feel like the Rex is my &quot;home&quot;. It has a wonderful ambiance and a GREAT location, close enough to Union Square but far enough away so you aren't kept awake by the cable cars (a problem I had with another hotel) I have recommended it to many friends and colleagues and they ALWAYS thank me. Love the Rex!!	
Jan 24 2008 	Cozy 	We had a really nice stay at Hotel Rex. The staff was very attentive, friendly and very helpful. Rooms were neat, clean and very nicely priced. Good location and I'd stay here again.	
Jan 21 2008 	Don't stay at this hotel!	What a huge disappointment! When I first checked in I was very optimistic. I was willing to overlook the fact that my shower didn't drain properly or the fact that the bedding was a major step below the major hotels because I like to stay at boutique hotels when possible. I stayed at Hotel Rex for 3 nights on business. When I returned to the hotel on my third night, at approximately 11:00PM, my key didn't work. I went down to the front desk only to find out that they had MOVED MY BAGS AND ALL OF MY PERSONAL BELONGINGS TO A DIFFERENT ROOM WITHOUT MY PERMISSION! Needless to say I was extremely upset. The manager proceeded to tell me that the room I was in was booked for a wedding party and they had no choice but to move me to another room. They claim they made several attempts to contact me however I never received a phone call, one e-mail was sent however I didn't receive it! Regardless, I am still furious over this! Never before in my 20+ years of travel have I been treated this way. They offered to comp my 3rd night, nice gesture hey! I urged the manager to comp my entire stay or I was going to fight this with AMEX to no avail, they were so pompus that they in fact billed me for my first two nights...Business travelers beware! If it happened to me, it can happen to you...Stay at the Grand Hyatt right across the street. It's cheaper and the rooms are much nicer!	
Jan 8 2008 	Such a good choice!!	Loved this hotel!! Stayed there during the crazy Christmas-New Year's period and I STILL got a great deal. We were arriving at about 2 am, so I called to make sure that they would hold our room. Scott was wonderful; very reassuring. Not only was our room ready for us, but our request that it be far away from the elevator remained intact, even though we checked in so late. Everything felt fresh and new and I thought that the color scheme was really fun!! The bed was extremely comfortable, and I'm rather picky about these things. The main reason I didn't give this hotel a 5 is because there was no Continental breakfast included (although the hotel went out of its way to compensate for the fact that its restaurant was not open on Christmas Day). I never would have thought a thing like this would have mattered so much, but all the nearby restaurants, especially that of the hotel, were REALLY expensive and that really made a big impact on our budgeting. People who are concerned about this might want to plan accordingly and bring cereal or something. There is a mini-bar fridge that had enough extra room in it that it definitely could have accommodated some milk. Of course, we didn' t think of this until afterward. On the whole, a great experience!	
Jan 2 2008	Depressing odd decor makes the place less charming	For some reason the look and feel of the awesome lobby is not carried through to the rooms. I love color but what's going in these rooms is just bizarre. It looks like it was all done by an amateur interior decorator who thought he/she was being &quot;adventurous&quot;....Yellow and blue ceilings, green wallpaper, mixed with plaid/gingham comforters, peach walls...enough already! I wanted to leave an hour after arriving. Sort of creepy and depressing.	
Dec 27 2007	Love the Hotel Rex	I have stayed at the Hotel Rex many times, and every time has been very positive. The staff is very attentive and hospitable. I plan on going back to the Hotel Rex on my next trip to San Francisco!	
Dec 26 2007 	Central and Cozy	We wanted a central location and cozy atmosphere. We love to explore on foot and the Rex was a perfect choice. The staff recommended two very good smaller restaurants also. We will stay at the Rex again and are happy to recommend it.Terry and Sandra D. San Diego	
Dec 26 2007 	Will always come back	We stay at Hotel Rex whenever we get a chance to go in to the city from Marin for an evening. What a treat. We are in the hospitality business and refer many folks to this hotel as well. What I like best is that the people who work there really seem to enjoy their jobs and they are very helpful and genuine to the guests. The rooms are tastefully decorated and very comfortable. I love the color choices and the literary theme of the hotel. We always enjoy a glass of wine in the evening and have met some interesting folks from around the world who are also staying there. We will be back!	
Dec 21 2007 	San Francisco Charm	The Rex Hotel has all of the charm and hospitality of old San Francisco. The rooms are cozy and comfortable, but the staff is outstanding! They greet you by name and will help you arrange whatever they can from finding a room for a business associate, to color copies for a last minute meeting. It is centrally located and is wonderful for walking the Union Square area.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great boutique experience	My wife and I have had great experiences at Hotel Vitale, another Joie de Vivre property. When I received a &quot;third night free&quot; offer from JDV, I had to check it out. I was traveling to the Bay Area on business in early December and wanted to stay in the city. Hotel Rex looked great online, so I made reservations. After some serious flight delays, I arrived at the hotel (which is conveniently located in the Union Square area). Bonnie welcomed me at the front desk. (I think she's a famous actress, but moonlights on the night shift at the hotel due to insomnia.) I roamed around the large lobby, taking in the original art works, books and historic architecture. The literary theme was fun, manifested in quotes by famous writers just outside of the elevator entrances on each floor. My room was spacious, modern and quiet. The restaurant the next morning was excellent, as was the service. I was headed north that morning to Petaluma, and south the next morning to Palo Alto, so the location was perfect. Complimentary wine in the evening pulled some interesting people from their rooms and walking tours. We had conversations about books under their arms, and chatted about our home towns. The front desk had great restaurant suggestions that evening. I ended up taking a short walk up the street to a Pan-Asian restaurant that was really great. Best of all, the hotel was a great value. Valet parking was an extra charge, but very easy if you planned ahead. If you like boutiques, I highly recommend Hotel Rex.	
Dec 21 2007	Hoel Rex was warm and inviting	Location was excellent and the room was large, very comfortable, spotlessly clean and we loved the decor. My daughter and i arrived about 10:30 am to start our annual birthday/Christmas shopping adventure. I have taken my daughter shopping in the city for her birthday (Dec.9th) since she was 8years old...she is now 29. We entered the Hotel Rex, which has a rich, old San Francisco charm that made us feel welcome and at home right away. The people at the desk greeted us with welcomes and merry christmas' and told us they would get our bags and hold them because we were so early the rooms were not ready yet. They took care of parking the car and told us we could go and start our shopping trip and not worry about a thing. When we returned about 4pm with bags of gifts we were shown to our room which was so cozy and beautifully decorated that we brought our complimentary wine back up to our room and enjoyed a nice break from all the hussle and bussle of holiday shopping.It was a wonderful one night stay and way more than we had ever expected. We have stayed in some beautiful hotels in the city, this time of year, but our experience at the Hotel Rex far exceeded any of these larger luxury hotels. The staff were wonderful, the price was great and the accodations excellent to say the least. We definitely recommend this wonderful San Francisco hotel to any and all who come to the Union Square area.	
Dec 17 2007	Nice location. Nice bed.	The location of this hotel is very convenient. We had a small room with king bed. Nice quiet room. The breakfast was included, but the room was too small. Sometimes you had to wait for a long time. Food was excellent.	
Dec 11 2007 	Excellent experience at the Rex	If you enjoy excellent service in a boutique hotel, the Rex is an excellent bet. I've stayed there twice now, two years apart, and was impressed to see many of the same staff on both visits - rather unusual in today's rapid churn service economy.The hotel is pleasantly decorated with a European feel and in a good location to downtown sites and attractions. The restaurant serves a good breakfast, which was the only meal I ate in the hotel. The complimentary wine tasting each evening is a nice bonus.What really stands out about the Rex, however, are the superb staff. These are people who really go out of the way to make you feel welcome and who really understand what service is about. Everyone is friendly and amazingly helpful. From obtaining last-minute dining reservations for a large party on a Saturday evening to arranging transportation to seamlessly managing the logistics for a small conference, the staff carried it all off flawlessly.If you prefer a venue a bit out-of-the-ordinary or are tired of the large chain hotels and are looking for a change of pace, the Rex is great value for the money and an excellent experience.	
Dec 11 2007 	Don't hesitate...book a room!	After much research, I selected the Rex based on positive reviews, competitive pricing, and a great location. I was not disappointed with my decision! I stayed in room 502 (executive king). It was a very nice sized room - especialy by San Fran standards. 502 is located in the back of the hotel so it was pretty quiet. However, I still used my white noise machine. The hotel is charming, clean, and nicely decorated. The staff was probably the best I have ever encountered. Professional yet very friendly and accomodating. Even the maids were smiling. They seemed happy to be there. Wow. I did not realize this until our stay was almost over, but there is &quot;study&quot; which has 2 computers and a printer. Very nice to be able to check email and print off your boarding pass. We were going to be adventurous and ride BART to the airport but an hour before we were to check out we reconsidered. The staff lined up a shuttle for us in no time flat. They also helped us arrange a tour to Muir Woods. If I ever find myself in SF again I will certainly return to the Rex!	
Dec 10 2007	Good hotel and location	I stayed here at the start of September for 5 nights. I had been to San Francisco before and wanted to stay near Union Square. On arrival I was welcomed to the hotel but I was told I had requested a room at the rear. I hadn't done this but it meant I'd probably get a better nights sleep.The rooms are very small but they are decorated in an old fashioned style that does make you feel at home. The bathroom was full of condensation after showering and the air conditioning unit was very noisy, but this didn't put me off. In the early evening the hotel offer a free glass of wine to all their quests - a nice touch. You can enjoy this in the confort of the reading room style bar or take it up to your room.I didn't eat at the hotel but there is the opportunity to do so. Five minutes walk away is Union Square where there are plenty of shops, cafes and restaurants and the hotel is close to the BART and cable car stops. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and there is free internet use available in a study (that I used for booking my Alcatraz trip).The Rex is a good hotel that makes you feel like you have travelled back in time. It's in a great location and I would stay here again.	
Dec 6 2007 	Great hotel in heart of San Fran	Our stay at Hotel Rex was terrific. The hotel is charming and in a great location. The staff was respectful and polite. Yes, the rooms might be smaller than an average American hotel, but not by much. The size of our room certainly did not present any problems - all amenities were readily available. The charm of the hotel more than made up for any room size issues. (The room size was definitely larger than most European hotels I've stayed in.) We ordered non-feather pillows from the front desk and they were delivered promptly. We were able to easily store our bags after check-out because we had a late flight. A perfect stay.	
Dec 4 2007 	Enjoyed the Rex	My husband and I spent Thanksgiving week in San Francisco at The Hotel Rex and couldn't have been more pleased. The staff, from the concierge to the maid, was welcoming and friendly and always remembered who we were. They were helpful, knowledgable and prompt with our requests, whether they were for ice or directions or retrieving our car from the garage.The cozy bar with complimentary evening wine and good morning coffee was a great place to begin and end our day, and on the weekend there was live jazz to start our evening. The hotel restaurant was intimate and charming, and the food was good and reasonably priced for San Francisco.We were also pleasantly surprised by the rooms and decor. This was not a 'cookie-cutter' hotel. The rooms reminded me of a sophisticated and hip city apartment from the40's or 50's complete with nice art on the walls and a cd player and cd's of San Francisco jazz artists. Our room was small and cozy, the linens crisp and fresh and the bathroom sparkling--a great place to retreat after a day in the city.We were not looking for a 'Four-Seasons' experience, either in price or ambiance. We wanted to experience something unique and memorable in the heart of downtown with easy access to public transit that wouldn't break the bank. The Rex was perfect for us.I have already recommended the Rex to friends traveling to San Francisco in February, and I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone looking to enjoy a creative fingerprint on the hotel world.	
Dec 3 2007 	Location location location (and service)!	Great hotel. My first JdV experience and not my last. As a hotel manager in San Diego, I'm very aware of service, presentation and environment. This hotel hit the nail on the head. The front desk agent was very professional, using my name several times and explaining the outlets and operations of the hotel. I believe her name was Gitanjali. She's an asset to your operation. More could be said but I'll save it for my next experience.	
Nov 28 2007 	Fun weekend in San Francisco	We have spent many weekends in San Francisco and have always loved it, and this past weekend was no exception!! My husband and I traveled with another couple who are really good friends with us and stayed in the city for some nice Christmas shopping, a couple of fun shows and just a weekend away! We have stayed at a few different hotels in Union Square and because of the price and Tripadvisor rating, we decided to try the Hotel Rex! We were definitly NOT dissapointed and neither were our friends! it was such a cute, inviting hotel right in the middle of wonderful shopping. We walked everywhere! We took the Bart one night to Oakland to watch So You Think You Can DAnce On Tour and the second night took a $6.00 taxi cab ride to North Beach where we had some wonderful Italian food and watched Beach Blanket Babylon. The staff at Hotel Rex was kind enough to give us recommendations on dinner and also nice enough to hold our tons and tons of bags from shopping after we had to check out!!:) We will definitely stay here again and if there was anything to complain about it was just simply the small elevators. When arriving at Hotel Rex, all 4 of us along with our luggage could NOT all fit in there...ha ha...it was kind of a joke every time we had to go into the elevator. &quot;Everybody suck in!&quot; we would all say!	
Nov 27 2007 	personality plus!!	Exceptional service, atmosphere, reception bar and incredible customer service. At a time when the city was full to capacity with the Oracle convention, nothing was too much trouble. I stayed for 9 days and got a very good feel for the hotel. The beds were so comfortable with pillows to die for! Overall, a very personable hotel filled with warmth and individuality. The Cafe restaurant is small and intimate with a very satisfying menu. The complimentary 'welcome wine' in the bar each night was a nice touch too !! Cannot recommend highly enough. Thanks to staff. Jacquie	
Nov 22 2007 	Perfect	I am just back from a visit to san francisco and booked this hotel on the recomendation of these reviews. It was far better than we expected-intimate, friendly, unprententious and oh so comfortable. We stayed twice in the space of a fortnight. Our first room was small and at the front of the hotel and was a little bit noisy on a Friday night (sleep also not helped perhaps by having just flown in), but for our second stay we upgraded to a fantastic room at the back. The bar, where complimentary wine in served in the early evening has a wonderful atmosphere with added benefit of live jazz on Fridays. This hotel is perfectly situated for anything one might want to do or see in San francisco. I loved this place.	
Nov 18 2007 	Quality Relaxed Serive in a Great Loaction	Spent the weekend at Hotel Rex. The front desk service was superb. The room was lights and beautifully appointed. The location was just what we wanted. The in and out valet car service was brilliant and convenient. I really could not have improved on our experience here. This hotel is clean, comfortable, and relaxed. When we came through the lobby the staff remembered us and greeted us warmly. We've stayed at several places in SF over the years. the Rex will be our new destination from now on. If they put DVD players in the room it would be perfect.	
Nov 14 2007	Great hotel	The Hotel Rex is in the best part of San Francisco! Close to great cuisine from all over the world (my favorite), wonderful shopping, easy access to BART and the Powell Trolley and a convenient access to a fitness gym 1/2 block away ($).I stay here on business about once a month and I can say that this hotel has never let me down in any way. The customer service is fantastic, the food and beverage great and the rooms let you unwind from your day of work or fun. I would recommend The Hotel Rex to anyone who wants a bit of pamperingwithout the hassle.	
Nov 14 2007 	FANTASTIC - Lived up to all the previous reviews!	I found and booked this hotel based solely on the loads of fabulous reviews on this website. I've always found Tripadvisor.com to be very reliable and this was certainly no exception!We stayed at Hotel Rex on the last night of our honeymoon after a week in Carmel. The room was great - despite some mention in other reviews that they were small we found there to be ample space and even had a sleeper sofa in our king room! The decor had character without being cheesy and it reminded me of the Chelsea hotel in New York with a splash more class. The wine hour was great and we stayed in the bar and listened to the jazz guitarist who was there that Friday evening. The bar was as pleasant and we found the drinks and bar food to be less expensive than anywhere else we'd been on the whole trip. I highly recommend this hotel. The location can't be beaten and it's great from top to bottom.	
Nov 14 2007	Rex is great	I travel to SF monthly on business. The Rex is a great home away from home. The staff is friendly, the hotel centrally located to shopping and Bart, the restaurant is very good, and the wine hour very nice as well. I think it's a good value for the money in SF.	
Nov 13 2007 	Hotel Rex is a Great Choice!	We just returned from a 2 night stay at the beautiful boutique Hotel Rex in San Francisco. We couldn't have chosen a better hotel! The location was perfect...the hotel was in the heart of Union Square. We were able to catch the Cable Car, the trolly and bus all within 1 block from the front door of the hotel.From the moment we made our reservations, the staff was exceptional. Each individual staff member treated us as we were the only guests in the hotel. They were extremely attentive and courtious and always seemed to go out of their way to make sure that we were happy. The hotel was immaculate! The rooms were spacious, extremely comfortable and tastefully decorated. They were also very quiet.We were so happy that we ended up choosing Hotel Rex as opposed to one of the bigger, stuffier hotels in the city. If we ever head back to San Francisco, we will surely stay at Hotel Rex again!	
Nov 12 2007 	Great Union Square Boutique Hotel	I've stayed at the Rex several times over the last year and have found it well suited for both business and pleasure travel. The decor of the hotel is that of a 1920's literary salon and the lobby/bar area is very welcoming. Complimentary wine is served every evening and the food at both the bar and the adjoining restaurant is very good - especially for pre-theater meals. I have found the hotel staff to be very warm and professional. The rooms, while on the small side, are nicely decorated and well insulated from noise from adjacent rooms. Union Square is just a block and a half away and the nearest BART station is only 5 blocks away.Say hi to Dave in the bar and try their signature drink - the Rexmopolitan!	
Nov 10 2007 	Fantastic Hotel Rex	This was our second stay at the Hotel Rex and both times we have been very happy with all aspects of the hotel - location, room, staff, restaurant, bar, etc. The location near Union Square puts the Rex within walking distance of many of San Francisco's best attractions including major art galleries and museums, shopping districts, Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, and others. The staff has always been very friendly and helpful and really seems to go out of their way to make your visit enjoyable. Our perfect day often starts with breakfast at the restaurant and ends in the Rex bar (The bar - good wine selections with a cheese plate or antipasto plate is one of our favorite ways to relax - especially when they have musicians on selected evenings.) All in all the Hotel Rex is an excellent hotel in a great city.	
Nov 9 2007 	The Rex is the best	The hotel rex is in a great location, just off union square. It is very, very clean and very comfortable. The pillows and linens were excellent. Nice bath products. Cool little bar with a wine reception.	
Oct 30 2007	Great Staff Good Location	Every thing was excellent. Front desk personel were more than helpful in every way. Food at the small but intimate restaurant was supriseing. Better than just good. It was great. Bartender at happy hour was really good. He handled a lot of people with ease and smoothness. Over all, just a great place to stay.	
Oct 21 2007 	Decent little place but wouldn't stay again	After reading reviews on TripAdvisor for various hotels in the Union Square area, we settled on the Hotel Rex. Our stay was fine, but there were some issues that would prevent me from giving it an above average rating.First, the good. The staff that I met were all very friendly and helpful. Check in was easy and having a car booked for the airport when checking out was great. The room was cleaned efficiently. The best part of this hotel is the location. It is central to the shopping district and very close to cable car, trolleys, bus and subway transportation. If you go to San Francisco, this is a great area in which to stay.There is some improvement needed. The hallways and public areas look a bit worn and shabby. I visited the Hyatt where I could have booked a room for just a few dollars more and was impressed with the cleanliness and the overall condition of the public areas there. The elevator is very small and slow. The two of us could barely fit our bags and ourselves on board. The room itself was very tiny. There were no drawers to store clothes in, although there was a wardrobe. However, there was not floor space to store bags, so the only place to put them was in the wardrobe, which then limited the space to store clothes. The bedspread in the room had cigarette burns in it, although I thought the room was non-smoking. After cleaning the bathroom one day, the room attendant left a dirty cleaning rag (looked like an old, ripped up bath towel) in the middle of the floor. We were on a room toward the back, so didn't get street noise, but had one tiny window which looked out over HVAC units and the grafitti on the building next door. Finally, there was a gift basket addressed to someone else in the room when we checked in. I took it to the front desk and the clerk said &quot;Oh, that's where that went!&quot;. I thought that seemed a little odd that in a small hotel, they couldn't send a basket to the correct room.Overall, a decent place to stay with good service. The public areas could use updating and the room could be designed more logically to maximize the limited space.	
Oct 18 2007 	Girls on Tour Oct 07	Lovely Hotel, staff friendly &amp; helpful, it is in a good location for touring the city &amp; shopping, would have no hesitation in recommeding this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in SF. PS while in SF you have to do the Segway tour it is fantastic.	
Oct 16 2007 	Friendly hotel in great location.	Great hotel and great location just off Union Square. Friendly staff with clean and pleasantly decorated rooms. Room was good size for me - some may find them quite small. It does have a boutique hotel feeling though which i liked. Free wine hour between 5pm and 6pm every day - although I didn't get to try it - was always out and about. Near lots of shops and restaurants. Cable cars are less than a block away and lots of other transport (including BART to the airport and streetcar to Fishermans Wharf) are a short walk away.	
Oct 16 2007 	Wonderful hotel location and service	The Rex is in a great location within easy walking distance to all the sights. The tram is a two minute walk away as is Union Square, shops, coffee and restaurants. The lobby and bar are just gorgeous, and the restaurant is superb. I highly recommend you stay in one night and eat at the restaurant followed by drinks in the bar, it is reminiscent of a cigar lounge of old. The rooms are quaint with many of the original features having been retained. My husband and I are both young and well travelled with discerning tastes, we couldn't find fault with this hotel. I would highly recommend anyone stay here, we will definitely stay here again if we visit San Francisco again.	
Oct 5 2007 	Comfort and Service	We thought the honor bar and restaurant was on the expensive side. However the hotel service was fantastic as was the hotel decor. All of my requests were met promptly without incident, I have experienced otherwise at other places. In addition we were able to store our bags the next day allowing us one more day in SF. Hotel Rex helped make our vacation wonderful. I will recommend to others and stay again myself. It has was my best hotel experience to date.	
Sep 25 2007 	Good stay at the Rex	Stayed for 3 nights in September 07 and enjoyed our stay. We were on the 3rd floor with a room that faced the street but didn't have any problems with street noise. The hotel is fairly cheap and good value for money and in a handy location in Union Square. The free internet PCs in the business centre were excellent. Bed was comfortable and bathroom fine. The air conditioning in our room didn't seem to be working and the room was a little stuffy until we opened the window for an hour or so before going to bed. The staff were helpful and allowed us to check out an hour later at 1pm even though the hotel was fully booked. Overall we enjoyed our stay at this hotel.	
Sep 21 2007 	Nice Place but Loud Pipes	Had a nice time at Hotel Rex -- mainly location was perfect. However, the pipes or plumbing was so loud that there was a constant thumping going on whenever anyone used the sink above us.Room was clean and the place was nice. But I enjoyed some of the other Joie De VIvre hotels in the same two block area more.	
Sep 19 2007 	Great location small room OK service	Pretty much everything has been said in past reviews already - great location, small rooms, free wifi, reasonable price.One suggestion though - the hotel should seriously consider hiring a porter to help guests with luggage. This is the first hotel I've been at where I've had to move my luggage myself both during check in and check out using a trolley!	
Sep 17 2007 	Older Boutique Hotel: Small dated rooms	The room was very, very small and dreary. Very little lighting, and very depressing. After a couple of hours in this room, I couldn't take it anymore and request a different room for an additional $20 charge. This was well worth it. The room I was moved to was still old, dated and smelled musty but was at least something that I could tolerate for 1 night. I was booked for 2, but when I advised the front desk that I simply could not stay there the 2nd night, they were accomodating and did not charge me the additional night's penalty. They were also very polite about it. Also note: this hotel is not for the claustrophobic! There's 1 EXTREMELY tiny elevator that has no air circulation. You can really tell that this is an older hotel. If you must stay here, without a doubt pay the extra $20 for a room upgrade.	
Sep 11 2007 	Great place one service issue	Overall, we were happy with the room, and the price. It was clean,and pleasant. It is very well located .However, on the last day, as I was checking out I was asked at the front desk whether to order a taxi to the airport. I said sure, and then he tells me he'll order a &quot;city car &quot; rather than a taxi since it was slightly cheaper. When I asked how much, it turns out that the price was $5 more than a taxi I had caught in to the hotel. Clearly, the guy had some deal going with the car firm. I said, no I wanted a taxi. At which stage, he dismissed me saying -- oh just get one outside.I found this so needless, it’s not the money it’s the principle. I don't like being lied to, and it made an otherwise enjoyable stay disappointing.	
Sep 6 2007 	Nice hotel great experience (with only a couple complaints)	We chose this hotel based on the reviews on Tripadvisor and careful research of the area. A choice I am happy with, only a couple of service oriented issues arose during our stay.As other reviewers mention, the decor and ambiance of the hotel is great, the 1920's theme is very well done, and consistent throughout the hotel. The room we booked (through priceline) was, yes, small, but not uncomfortable small. BUT... there was no air conditioning, I was not aware that all of the rooms in the hotel did not have air conditioning. The person who assisted us with our luggage said that it gets rather cool in the evening so we should be okay.Upon entering the room, it was very stuffy, we were able to open the window and a small fan was in the room, however this did not offer much relief. The room was in the back of the hotel, and no breeze or air flow came through the window, even though the temperature in the evening was cooler outside. Besides the temperature issues, the room was very nice and clean. I did not hear a sound from any of the other rooms at any point during our stay. The staff was friendly and helpful, with one exception. We had a rental car which I chose to valet ($35 per day w/ unlimited in/out privledges), slightly expensive but worth not having to deal with parking, etc. Here begins my 2nd and final &quot;complaint&quot;; The day we checked out we had to leave rather early, around 5:30am, I called the night before to inquire about the process to get my car that early. The person working at the front desk was definitely not friendly off-the-bat, and said that the valet is not available that early, and I would have to retrieve my car myself, gave the impression that there were no alternatives. Ok, I understand I'm leaving earlier than the average guest, however, from a customer service standpoint this person did not offer any alternatives. Perhaps they retrieve my car that evening and park on the street in front of the hotel, I'm sure I cannot be the first guest to have this special request. In any case, I thought this was a poor representation of the hotel, and again I'm paying for a valet service.The morning of check-out, the person working the desk was very nice, I mentioned having to get my car, and she asked if I made arragements the prior evening, I explained what happened and she did apologize and said they should have moved my car and had it ready for me this morning. I did appreciate the apology, but I still had to retrieve my car myself (a block away, uphill). Upon my return to load the car, the front desk person came outside to tell us that she put on a fresh pot of coffee if we'd like to grab a cup for the road. I thought that was a nice gesture to end our visit on an up note.Overall, I would definitely stay here again (requesting a room with A/C), not a bad experience by any means, just a couple little annoyances which can be avoided in the future. I do recommend Hotel Rex.	
Sep 2 2007 	Almost perfect	We chose the Rex based on its excellent reviews on Trip Advisor, and we weren't disappointed. The hotel was charming, the location was perfect, and the special touches were impressive.I expected the room to be a bit small, but the size was comfortable. The bathroom was also larger than expected. and the towels and shampoo/conditioner/lotion were all top notch.The weather was quite warm during our stay, but the room's air conditioner worked well.We were in town for our 5th anniversary, and appreciated the complimentary bottle of wine and chocolates sent to our room upon checkin. We also enjoyed the complimentary glass of wine during the evening tasting in the lobby.The only glitch came from room service on our last morning. We waited almost an hour for a simple order of oatmeal and coffee for 2. When it finally arrived, they had forgotten one of the coffee mugs. The server went back down to get the other, but never returned. Regardless, the Rex was an excellent deal for the price. I would definitely return.	
Sep 1 2007 	My SF "home away from home"	Having gone five times at this charming boutique hotel ,I can say only that it is one of the most lovely and welcoming hotels in America. . Done up like a literary salon of the '20's, there is an excellent wine bar and restaurant ; each room is comfortable, though small for large groups, with everything kept in tip top condition. The staff couldn't be better. I recommend the REX to anyone going to San Francisco for their first or whatever visit. It is conveniently located near Union Square, with the Square's shopping and theatre opportunities. Give yourself a treat and stay at the Rex!	
Aug 27 2007 	Great hotel	I thought the Hotel Rex was charming. My room was large with two double beds. I enjoyed the book-themed ambience. Even though I arrived too late for the complimentary wine hour, the front desk told me I could go the first floor lounge/bar if I still wanted it. The central location and free wireless internet access were also pluses. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Aug 26 2007 	Rex Rocks	Stayed as a family of 1 parent, and 2 children ( 11, 13). Hotel was clean and well presented, rooms had nice decoration, but were on the small side.Booked a double double, but were given a 1 bedded room for our first night. Staff handled well and given free upgrade for the rest of the stay.Good location, near Powell for cable cars and Union Square for shops.Would suit a couple better than a family, as many of the nicer touches are adult oriented . (Art, Bar, Music in room)Overall enjoyed our stay, and would return	
Aug 20 2007 	Love the Hotel Rex	We enjoyed the Hotel Rex! Great location. Ambience is charming. Very Friendly and helpful staff. Great weekend trip	
Aug 14 2007 	Cliche but in a good way.	This is exactly what you'd expect in a San Francisco boutique hotel - small, charming, friendly, with a great bar and attached to a very good restaurant. The rooms are a bit small, which is to be expected in S.F., but the hotel is strategically located and easy on the wallet. I'd definitely stay again.	
Aug 13 2007 	Rex Really Rocks	What a great boutique hotel in a fabulous area of San Francisco. Union Square is a block and a half away. Obtaining transportation was super easy from this hotel--walk to the corner and hop on the trolley or stand outside the hotel and tons of taxis are always driving by and ready to pick you up. Walgreens is across the street--so convenient. This location is great and it's not noisy at night. The rooms are small but clean and nicely decorated. The beds are amazing--so comfortable. The hotel's restaurant, Cafe Andree, is a wonderful place to have breakfast, the best coffee in town (Equator Coffee, yummy). My husband and I had dinner one night at Cafe Andree. Our compliments to Alejandro, the chef, our dinner was magnificent and innovative. We also hung out in the hotel's lounge for wine hour--what a blast. They had a great jazz singer, Denise Fraga, the night we were there, it was wonderful to relax after a busy day of activities without having to leave the hotel. All the staff was so friendly (front desk, restaurant, lounge, even housekeeing). The Rex's management is doing a phenomenal job because it shows in all aspects of the hotel from the moment you walk in, you know you are somewhere special. We are already planning our next trip to SF and Hotel Rex.	
Aug 13 2007 	Cannot believe all the good reviews a pretty awful hotel	We stayed at the Rex a couple of weeks ago, just back from our trip to the States. I always believe you get what you pay for but if that was true with the Rex we would have paid a lot less than we did.At first we thought the room wasn't too bad, a bit tired and shabby but the staff seemed friendly enough and the location wasn't bad. Problems started the first night when the room was very stuffy and the air-con controls didn't seem to be doing much. We've stayed in a few hotels with terrible air-con over the years so pretty much just accepted that this must just be another. However on our second night we got back to the hotel - this was a typically cold San Francisco summer night. We walk into the hotel and the place is like an over, when we get back to thye room it's even worse. A pretty uncomfortable night followed and I then went to reception to complain about the heat and the air-con not working. The reply? 'Oh your room doesn't have air-con'. It turns out the controls we'd been playing with were for the heater!This staggers me so I ask why not and I'm told that there's one room on every floor with no air-con so they gave it to us! As we paid up front with Expedia this just smacked of getting rid of the worst room to someone who's already paid. So we got moved and now had air-con but an absolutely tiny room. Funny thing is on our last night we came back to the room at night and suddenly the temperature was fine so they'd obviously had trouble with the heating too.It seems plenty of people have stayed here and had a great time and that's fine - but we didn't and our experience is all we know! My advice would be that there are plenty of hotels in this area just as handy location-wise and probably not as tired and uncomfortable as the Hotel Rex.	
Aug 4 2007 	Service is the name of the game here.	From the time we first contacted the hotel about rates, etc. the staff never let us down. The front desk was very accommodating. They lined up taxis or limos for us, helped in directions to attractions. The maids were the friendliest I can remember. The rooms were great, very clean, and the shower was excellent. David at the lounge was fantastic! The hotel and staff lived up to our expectations and more. The location was great, it was quiet, and just a block or so from Union Plaza and many nice restaurants and shops. It was definitely one of our best stays ever. We look forward to staying at the Rex every time we visit San Francisco.	
Aug 1 2007	Rex rocks!	The Rex is in a busy part of town but situated nicely down a somewhat quiet street. The staff is great and the room was nice. We were upgraded to a king without even asking. We were able to take a walk to the Giants Stadium to see a baseball game. There are a lot of galleries in the area (check out Hang gallery) and shopping is plentiful. The Rex was a nice place to return to after a busy day. BTW stay away from Sears for breakfast- it stinks!!!	
Jul 31 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	I loved this gotel - a cozy 1930s style boutique that made me feel like I was living inside a Henry Miller novel. The room was small, but not too small, and nicely decorated in warm, inviting colors. The bathroom was great with nice water pressure, nice mint-thyme bath products, and a powerful hairdryer. The room was kept very clean by the friendy staff and the linens were nice. The staff were across the board cool - from check-in, transportation help, laundry service, and check-out. I never noticed the oft-mentioned musty smell in the hallway, but I was on the sixth floor, so maybe it wasn't there. The lower floors seemed colder than mine - and I did use the stairs a lot because the elevator was slow and I had to walk off all the great SF food anyway. The location was super convenient and not too bad with homeless. I felt safe as a petite, solo female traveller. I was sightseeing so much I never got to take advantage of the free wine in the adorable lounge. The TV reception was awful, but who goes on vacation to watch TV? I would definitely stay here next time I return to SF, esp. with my boyfriend. I liked the room so much, I stayed in one night and pigged out on room service.	
Jul 25 2007 	Great Secret	The location was fantastic and that wasn't even the best part! Free Internet, Free Wine and the Staff! The staff recomended something to do every night, made dinner reservations for us and even mapped a dive bar tour for us. The rooms were European in size and the window unit airconditioner was ok. But over all this hotel was great at any price, for the money it was a FIND!	
Jul 16 2007 	Enjoyed my stay at the Rex!	Hotel Rex is truly a hidden-gem in Union Square! It's comfortable, clean, well-maintained. The staff are friendly and the amenities are great--free wireless Internet, business center, and evening wine reception. We also like the hotel's location as it's in the quiet side of Union Square, away from tourists. But what's great is that it's only a block away from the main shopping centers, including Saks, Tiffany, Macy's, etc.We will surely stay at the Rex again!	
Jul 9 2007	Great Hotel-Clean and Friendly staff	I took my husband to San Francisco for his 65th birthday. I booked the Hotel Rex by reading the good reviews on Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The wine served at the evening reception was very good and the morning coffee was delicious. Our room was spacious and clean and the hotel location served us well. We had a wonderful trip and will definitely stay there again if we return to SF. For all future trips I will certainly check other sister hotels.	
Jul 5 2007 	Vintage Charm	We spent ages trying to choose the right hotel in SF as we were only there 2 nights on a stopover. I was glad that we picked the Hotel Rex. It had a great location just off Union Square, a nice pedigree and a litle quirkiness. We also liked its literary slant and the adjoining Cafe Andree next door (very nice pancakes and coffee for breakfast!)The bedroom was on the small side with crooked floors, but also bright - quite Parisien in feel. My only regret is that I would have liked to have spent a night lounging in the lobby. Maybe next time.	
Jul 3 2007 	we're looking forward to our next visit	We stumbled on the Rex as we were planning our honeymoon. We're both literary fans with a streak of artsy-fartsy, so this was right up our alley.For months, we told all our friends about our upcoming stay at the literary salon. They all thought we were nuts. Upon arrival, (about $40 by taxi from the airport) we checked in and found ourselves in a very comfortable, albeit small room.We were told that the rooms get bigger the higher up you go, and we were on the second floor. Bathroom was smallish, but not uncomfortably so. There's a well-stocked mini-bar (great for holding leftovers from the restaurants in the area), and spa robes in the wardrobe.The hotel is situated a comfortable walking distance from both Union Square and China Town, and smack dab in the middle of a run of galleries. We spent a lot of time gallery hopping and checking out the very active art scene in the city.If you want touristy-type stuff, the staff can help you figure out the best way to spend your $$--a weekend pass vs individual admissions...There's a delightful cafe adjoining the hotel, as well. A wine reception in the evenings was a warm welcome after a day of running around. The best part though, was the artist series the Rex has in the Salon. We stumbled upon the Antigone Gone concert--a worldclass guitar player who would be impossible to see elsewhere...the salon is intimate--about 80-90 guests, so there isn't a bad seat--and you can actually SEE the musicians playing! we LOVED our stay at the Rex and plan to celebrate many anniversaries to come!	
Jul 2 2007 	Rex is the best	My sister, mother and I stayed at the Hotel Rex for a weekend getaway. We had a wonderful time and plan to make this a yearly tradition. We reserved a one bedroom sutie which was lovely for the three of us since it has a king bedroom and a parlor with a pullout queen bedded couch. (It also had 1.5 baths so that we were all accomodated comfortably.) When we entered the Suite, music was playing and the faint smell of jasmine hung in the air. We instantly felt at home. We opened up a bottle of wine and listened to some music courtesy of the hotel- a Kim Nalley jazz cd. Then we wandered down to the lounge at 6pm for a complimentary glass of wine and listened to live jazz since it was a Friday night. What a great way to start our weekend in the City. We headed out to a nice dinner and caught Jersey Boys down the street. The next day we were able to walk right out of the hotel and down to Union Square for some shopping. The Hotel Rex is divinely located to explore all of the sights San Francisco has to offer. We will be back. And we'll have to return soon for a chorizo omelette at Cafe Andree!	
Jun 29 2007 	Wonderful Place/ Great Find	We come from Brooklyn, New York and this was our first trip to San Francisco. My husband and I stayed at this hotel from June 3rd to June 8th. It was a wonderful experience. The location was great near everything. The staff was excellent. Although the room was small, King room , it was very clean and comfortable. We purchased an unlimited travel pass at Walgreen's which was located right up the street from the hotel. We used it the whole time we were there. We rode the trolley and buses unlimited. They all stopped right at the corner down the street from the hotel. We walked to shopping area which was a very short walk. The Hotel was just great and I would recommend it to anyone. The price was right. Every evening we had the complimentary glass of wine sitting in the bar/library area. It was very cozy and lovely. What a great touch. If you are planning a trip to San Francisco definitely consider this find. You will love it.	
Jun 19 2007 	The Rex Rocks	The Hotel Rex is a gem among many touristy -- and pricey -- accommodations in San Francisco's Union Square area. PROS: The reception area and lounge are decorated in charming literary fashion, and our room was clean and bright albeit a bit small for American standards. The staff was very (but not over-the-top) friendly and accommodating. The hotel is situated a half-block from the famous Powell cable car lines. And, you can't beat the free glass of wine every night (from 5 to 6 p.m.). My husband and I were fortunate to stay for free for two nights using our credit card points, but even before we booked the hotel through our credit card network, I noticed that the hotel was a great value. CONS: The hotel has free WiFi, but we were unable to connect to a number of our favorite sites, including webmail. A very minor disappointment is that the bath products are not Aveda brand (something I had read about in an earlier review). Overall, a very positive experience.	
Jun 11 2007 	A hidden gem	I came into town for business and was expecting the usual. Boy was I surprised. The staff all knew me by name on the 2nd day and were so friendly to help out with anything from directions to a great neighborhood restaurant. The rooms were so clean and beautifully decorated - it reminded me of home. I would come back again and again!	
May 29 2007 	Lovely Hotel great staff and great location	The Rex was the perfect location for our first stay in Frisco. It's just off Union Square and half a block from a trolley car stop. Henry on the front desk was very friendly and had us checked in very quickly, which is great when you have serious jet lag! Our room was quite small but nicely decorated, clean and well appointed. The CD player was loaded with a couple of jazz CDs, in keeping with the theme of the hotel and the mini bar was very well stocked. Our room did not have a view but we were not in San Francisco to sit in our hotel room looking at the view, there's too much else to do! Every night there is a complementary glassof house wine in the bar and on the weekends the atmosphere is quite buzzy. The concierge and the lady behind the bar were very helpful with dinner recommendations and directions. Around the corner from the hotel, &quot;Sears&quot; on Union is a great option for breakfast, but get there before 8.30am to avoid the queue! The Rex is a great base to explore the city from.	
May 28 2007 	Terrific small hotel	My husband and I stayed here the last two days of our honeymoon, and were extremely happy with our room and with the very kind staff. This isn't the most luxurious hotel in San Francisco, but it is one of the nicest and most pleasant places I've ever stayed. The hotel and especially its lobby is attractive, and the wine/jazz hours held there are particularly enjoyable. Our room was pretty, nicely decorated and scrupulously clean, and the bed was comfortable. I can't say enough nice things about the staff -- they were helpful with directions and friendly as can be. Upon hearing that we were on our honeymoon, the Rex upgraded us to a king size room at no extra charge. Now that's friendly!Great location near Union Square, too.We would definitely stay here again, and we will encourage our family and friends to do so as well.	
May 25 2007 	The Rex another great find in San Francisco	What a great place to stay in San Francisco, especially if you love restored hotels with an eclectic sense of decorating...friendly members of the staff are quick to respond to any questions,are knowledgeable about &quot;The City&quot; and our room service breakfast was perfect in every way...yummy cinnamon roll french toast, hot coffee and delightful,prompt service.We had tickets for a production at the Curran Theater and the hotel is just a few minutes walking distance from the hotel.A neat spot to find....unpretentious but professional in every way!	
May 14 2007 	Rex was Gr8	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Rex in April 2007 whilst visiting San Francisco from Australia. We found it via this web site and can I say - thank you trip advisor. It was our first trip to USA and we just loved SF and the Hotel Rex. The staff were fantastic, the rooms were nice and the location was perfect for us. We were half a block from the Cable Car line (Powell St), a short walk to 24hr convienience stores/Starbucks and Union square and just a short stroll to shopping, great bars/restaurants (including Andrees). There was free internet access which was great for overseas guests, complimentary wine tasting every night in the bar and a cab ride to Fishermans Wharf was around $8. Chinatown was a short cab ride, so too is AT&amp;T Park for a Giants game. The only low light of SF was the amount of homeless people preying on you everytime you stop or pass them for money and the weather was unpredictable (not the Hotel Rexs' fault).Thumbs up from Oz	
May 13 2007 	Great atmoshphere	This is a wonderful little place in the heart of SF. It has a special quality that the Dutch call &quot;gezellig,&quot; a place that's cozy, convivial and welcoming. The rooms are comfortable and homey, the food from the cafe is tastey and the lounge/bar is buzzing with an interesting mix of people, especially during happy hour when the bar offers complementary wine. The location is perfect - just a block or so from Union Square and a few steps to the cable car. You can't go wrong staying here.	
May 5 2007 	San Francisco's Gem!	I was in San Francisco for business and stayed at the Hotel Rex. I usually don't write reviews, but was compelled as I received the best service in any hotels that I've ever stayed at in my travels. I've stayed in high-end hotels such as, Ritz, Four Seasons and frankly, I usually get the stiff service. Hotel Rex has very personable service. The staff in the restaurant, the housekeepers, and the front desk were all friendly, sincere, and professional. The hotel also provides free WiFi, which is very rare. The free wine every afternoon was a nice touch. I loved the lobby! The Hotel Rex is a gem!	
Apr 28 2007	Great location good for one night...	I chose this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews, and the hotel had a 30% off discount through Expedia for the one night that my husband and I stayed here before heading to Napa for the week. Hotel Rex is in a GREAT location for exploring downtown San Francisco. We parked the car through the hotel valet (about $38 total each DAY--beware), and then walked down to Union Square and took the cable cars down to Fisherman's Wharf and Chinatown. Chinatown is well within walking distance, though, and this is coming from a gal who isn't fond of walking too much. Anyway, Hotel Rex is a very quaint hotel. It smells a little musty, but if you can deal with it, the decor and atmosphere is cool. The rooms are very small. The &quot;queen suite&quot; that we booked was really tiny due to the big furniture. The hotel does offer a free glass of wine from 5-6pm in the bar, but they DO NOT budge on the 6pm deadline. We arrived at 6:15pm, and they wouldn't even throw us a bone. I was kind of disappointed about that. All in all, I liked the Hotel Rex. Wouldn't book it for full price, though. Get it if you are staying one night in San Fran on the way to somewhere else...and don't pay over $200 for a room. That's crazy.	
Apr 27 2007 	Fair Price Nice Area and Great Staff!	I stayed in Rex for a week. The stay was enjoyable, the room was comfortable, and the best part was very courteous staff. Plus, it is a block away from Union Square and all the shopping nearby, and walking distance to China Town. Right next to the cable car line (powell street). I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 7 2007 	Just Came Back from Hotel Rex	My mom and I stayed here April 2nd- April 6th 2007. The elevator is small but it goes normal speed. Our room was normal size but it had so much flavor in the carpet and furniture. The bathroom was bigger than I thought it would be. Very basic yet elegant. It felt European to me.The service was amazing, they were always friendly and wanted to assist us with anything they could, they even held our bags after checkout while we were at Union Square.For 139 a night, a hotel not in tendroloin, next to Cable Car. I would stay here again!!!!	
Apr 6 2007 	convenient and chic	Very efficient and helpful check-in and our room had an individual feel about it with funky lamps and artwork. The hotel is stylish and comfortable with a bar you actually like to sit in whilst you drink your free glass of wine each evening. We had breakfast a couple of times and it was good but you are located close to Union Square and all the shops and restaurants and the cable runs at the end of the street just 100m away. Our room overlooked the back alley but was quiet and therefore just what we wanted. They even change the bedding and towels daily unless you tell them not to. Altogether good value and I'd recommend it.	
Apr 3 2007 	Wonderful !!	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Rex, tacking on a few days to a business trip I had to the bay area. Basically, from reading the hotel website and reviews here, I can just confirm that Hotel Rex is as advertised - very friendly and helpful staff (not stuffy or pushy in any way); rooms are not huge, but comfortable, clean and stylish. The location is great - near trolley and bus lines, walking distance to Union Square shopping, restaurants and bars. Of course the lobby/bar is a great place to hang out and enjoy the nightly wine reception. Overall, just a cool, reasonably priced hotel in the heartof San Francisco. If/when we return I would stay at the Rex again or maybe try another of the Joie de Vivre hotels.	
Apr 2 2007 	Lovely hotel nice location	My mother and I stayed here in October for two nights and overall the experience was great. Very clean, quiet and the rooms were spacious enough. The location was close to union square shopping (yea!) and we had a very pleasant stay. The staff was extremely friendly and accomodating and overall we had a great experience. The restaurant was good and the atmosphere was great.	
Mar 30 2007 	Loved It!!!! Go For It!!!	Definitely worth it! I searched for a good quality hotel/boutique and came across Hotel Rex. Thank you fellow advisors for the tips! I definitely took them all and had a fabulous time. The candid traveler photos are practically the same as the ones I took. Just to help you with our opinion – we are a 33-34 year old married couple from the bay area.Location: The place is very good walking distance from Union Square. We took a $6 cab ride to North Beach from the hotel – which is definitely not bad at all. The only downfall is that Union Square is full of homeless people. Don’t be shocked if you get approached by 6 panhandlers every time you set foot outside the hotel. This is not a downfall of the hotel’s location, but the location in general. Price: Very, very good. We had a rate of $132 per night and it was worth EVERY penny. We were able to check in early. Upon check in we were greeted VERY VERY nicely in comparison to other high-end hotels in the area. We were also upgraded to a king bed suite room. Very nice on their part. Also included is a 5pm happy hour free glass of wine at the hotel bar. Very nice. We met a nice couple in the bar. Comments on the hotel: The décor has a French flavor. The bar area is filled with a comfortable ambiance and has gorgeous paintings and well-known novels aligned in the front of the bar entrance. The elevator is very slow and small and needs to be updated – but as I say this…it might take away from the hotel and its antiqueness. The room was VERY clean and spacious. Love the simple touches (CD alarm radio with a couple of CDs next to it and the Aveda bath products). Note to light sleepers: The bathroom toilet flushes pretty loud and you can hear the adjacent bathroom users flush their toilets at night. You can’t hear people and I don’t think the walls are thin enough to hear conversations or any love sessions – perhaps it’s just the plumbing.	
Mar 30 2007 	Hotel Rex is "king"!	My daughter and I stayed at Hotel Rex on a recent visit to San Francisco. The hotel is clean, the staff exceptionally helpful, the ambience is charming and the location is great. The hotel was recommended in The Best of Northern California guide and we were not disappointed.	
Mar 29 2007 	Not great...	We booked an executive room as it wasn't too much more to get the little bit of extra space. Well, I'd have hated to see what the smaller rooms looked like as ours wasn't huge - we weren't falling over things but it wasn't what I would call spacious. We checked in and whilst the room itself was quite nice, the bathroom was really very basic and a little bit grotty - the sink was cracked, the bath looked very old....so I went to reception and told them I didn't really expect to find a cracked sink and did they have another room. We were shown another room, and although the sink was newer, it was all just a little too basic - the sort of thing I might expect to find in a youth hostel but not in a hotel charging decent prices. I told the hotel I wasn't happy and they tried to find us alternative accommodation in a sister hotel but the rooms in those hotels were tiny, so we checked out and went to stay at the JW Marriott round the corner, which was streaks nicer, for about $20 more a night. I had had high hopes for the Rex based on the website and the reviews but to be honest, in the flesh, it just wasn't that great and not quite the sort of 'boutique' hotel I had been led to expect. Although my experience of the rooms wasn't great, the staff were very helpful and didn't charge us for the first night which was very decent of them.	
Mar 24 2007	Great room location service and price	We recently stayed here (week of March 12th) and LOVED Hotel Rex. We found the queen room cozy but comfortable. and even though we booked our trip on travelocity we were given one of the larger and quiter rooms upon check-in! The location was AMAZING. We didn't have a car during our trip in San Francisco so we were relying on public transportation. We couldn't have found a better hotel for this. All of the bus and cable-car stops we needed to get the the museums, zoo, and Exploratorium were no more than 2 short blocks away. The BART station was only 5 DOWNHILL blocks, and it was fairly easy to catch the cable-car UPHILL if we wanted on the way back (there was a cable-car stop right on the corner of the street Hotel Rex is on, however we often opted to walk home---The Cheesecake Factory was on the way). Also, we found Hotel Rex to be very quiet. We never heard any other hotel guests, and the only outside noise was an occassional emergency vehicle (maybe 2 or 3 our entire stay). Finally, the best map we found of San Francisco (we bought 4 or 5) was the free map provided at the check-in desk. We will definitely stay here again. It was great. (On a side note, we definitely recommend the San Francisco Muni Pass -- unlimited bus, cable-car and BART rides-- or CityPass -- all of the above plus admission to several San Francisco attractions. We saved a bundle and it was super convenient.)	
Mar 13 2007 	Super hotel - great club atmosphere	We recently stayed at the Hotel Rex Mar 2 – 7. We were nervous about finding a good hotel since the Pan Pacific changed hands the year before and we wanted to find a new best hotel for San Francisco visits.Any minor problems were resolved quickly and it was a very pleasant stay. Hotel Rex is a great hotel and the staff are great, especially the two people who checked us in and Rhenan. The room and general décor were super, clean, and the service was great. The Hotel Rex exceeded our expectations.We will definitely recommend Hotel Rex to friends we know who are always looking for a good hotel in San Francisco.	
Mar 12 2007 	The Rex was the Best!	Found Hotel Rex on the hotel.com website, did a virtual tour and decided that was the place to be -- it was centrally located, had a wonderful hotel library bar, lots of art and books. I was greeted warmly at the front desk, enjoyed the wine reception and had a great dinner at the restaurant. And, my room was lovely. Absolutely recommend it. Also stayed at the Water's Edge in Tiberon on New Year's Eve -- another fabulous place. For those who enjoy a different hotel experience, these are a find!	
Mar 12 2007	The Hotel Rex is the perfect weekend getaway	I surprised my husband with a weekend getaway in San Francisco as a Valentine's Day gift. The Hotel Rex was perfect for a number of reasons - location, ambiance, and affordability. We took the BART in from the airport and found the hotel to be a quick and easy walk from the Powell Street station. The ambiance was cool, quaint, and unique with very clean and comfortable rooms. Finally, we thought it was a GREAT deal considering the ideal downtown location. We love to walk when we tour a new city, and we found the Hotel Rex to be the perfect home base for exploring the city. We will ABSOLUTELY stay at the Hotel Rex every time we visit San Francisco, and we look forward to recommending it to friends as well.	
Mar 8 2007	I Love The Hotel Rex!	I travel to San Francisco frequently and always stay at the Hotel Rex for all its many charms. I have never written a review - but I have just returned from another fabulous stay and decided to add my comments. Jeff at reception is really exceptional and always makes me feel so welcome. He is friendly, hip and very efficient. The hotel itself is delightful - in a perfect location close to galleries, Union Square and Chinatown. The Restaurant ( Andree) has wonderful food - I eat most of meals there, and the daily wine tasting and jazz on Friday just terrific. I really enjoy the atmospheric lounge area and never feel uncomfortable just sitting alone with a book and a glass of wine. I travel alot for business and it's not always easy to be away from home - but the Hotel Rex, with its cozy rooms, great business centre and fabulous staff make it wonderful - each and every time.	
Mar 7 2007 	Mixed feelings	Stayed here for 2 nights. Hotel is in a good location near shopping, Chinatown and plenty of restaurants. The hotel has an old world charm. I think my husband and I have a preference for trendy boutiquehotels so it was not quite as expected since we'd found this locationon [----]. I think it could use an update, especially the bathroom (it does however have plenty of rails for disabled or elderly guests).The staff were really friendly, helpful and efficient. We had a problem with the hot water service but it was attended to promptly during our stay and front desk even offered to move us but we declined. They had to run the hot water in the janitor's room which was apparently next to ours to, get the hot water going. The phone in our room was also not working properly. There is only one elevator.Some of the pros is that there is free wi-fi and is located near Union Square and all the major department stores!If you were in San Francisco for a short time and wanting to spend time only near the Fisherman's Wharf and it's nearby attractions, I would recommend staying somewhere closer to Fisherman's Wharf. It is a long walk from the hotel and the cable car rides are $5 per person/one way.Make sure you don't get room 406!	
Mar 3 2007	What a Gem	A truely lovely boutique hotel this is. I've stayed in other hotels and B&amp;Bs in this city. Yet, despite the lack of a couple things, I put this one in the top 5% for so many reason. I will absolutely stay here again. My daughter and I went San Fran to visit The Academy of Art University in January. Not normally a good time of year in SF, but we lucked out and had warm, sunny weather, while yet another snow storm raged in Colorado and other parts of the US.The Art Academy has a relationship with The York Hotel just a few blocks away. However, we wanted to be just a little closer to the shopping and the Academy, and the York's twin beds just didn't really fit our needs. We also didn't want to share a bed. The Rex offers 2 dbl beds in a room, which was perfect for us.Excellent location in the Union Sq area. Beautifully decorated, very comfortable beds, lots of power outles in good locations, clean (tho the carpet looked a bit worn, but not too badly). Wonderful, intimate restaurant where we were able to have a late night dinner our 1st night there. Good thing too as we checked in late and were dead tired. There's A/C in the rooms if you need it, which we didn't of course. The control for the heater was a bit hard to locate, but actually, I didn't even know it was in the room until the 2nd day. I just happen to notice it by accident. Good thing I did too as the room was chilly at night. All rooms have FREE WiFi, a well stocked mini fridge, gourmet snacks (expensive, but handy if you don't feel up to going out), and excellent cell phone reception. The bathroom was a bit small, but well appointed. The water pressure was great and there was plenty of hot water, even at 8 am. Our room was on one side of the hotel with not a very nice view, but to be honest, I didn't care. It was quiet. I'd rather have little view and a peaceful room as I'm a light sleeper. The elevator was small and slow, as I'd read in other reviews, but it's an old hotel so I didn't mind. It's part of the charm when you are staying in historic style places. There was a note about it being replaced very soon anyway. When I was tired of waiting, I just walked up or down the stairs and stopped to check out each floor if I needed a rest. Best of all were the very friendly and helpful staff. I really appreciated all the help they gave me. They were warm, friendly, knowledgable and professionable too.I chose this hotel based on location, on reviews I had seen here, on their website and 2 other review sites, for the Friday evening Jazz performance. However, our plane was delayed, so we were unable to attend the entertainment.Funny thing was I discovered several of the employees attend the Art Academy. We talked extensively with the female bartender who was one student we met. Everyone was exceptional, even the housekeepers (of course tipping well helps too). Bravo!The only things I could complain about are the lack of a swim pool and hot tub, which would be nice to soak in after a long day walking, site seeing, shopping, beach going, etc. Also, the restaurant was closed for remodeling on the weekend, but there was a small continental breakfast put out for the guests. However, the food went quickly. And anyway, there are pleanty of good restaurants to go out to very nearby for any sort of meal you might want. So, who cares?I especially liked the intimate bar-library- lounge area. Very homey and comfortable. Free glass of wine each evening for adults and juice or soda for the kids too. Might be nice to see a little snack for children, such as cookies, or cheese, crackers and fruit. Good selection of top shelf liquors. I might suggest they have out a few games perhaps to keep people entertained and staying in the bar to drink and order more snacks, especially children. Plenty of books to borrow tho in there. And be sure to check out the drawings on the walls.One last thing... This hotel is about a half block away from the Powell St. Trolley. I suggest you get a multi-day Muni pass and take full advantage of riding the trolleys and buses as walking up and down hills get difficult when loaded down with luggage and shopping bags. You can buy them at the airport, train and bus stations and a few other locations. Well worth it if you are in town for a few days. Beats paying $5 per ride on the trolleys. Also beats driving, paying very high gas prices, and paying high rates for parking.The Hotel Rex is part of a small group of boutiques hotels. Check out their website: http://www.jdvhospitality.com/hotels/hotel/13 . I have yet to stay in the others, but am thinking of trying another for my next trip out there in June. But I may just come back to Hotel Rex as it's pretty hard to beat them. I so love smaller establishments.	
Feb 24 2007	great atmospher bar and decor	My husband and I booked the Rex through their own website because we liked the look of it, and we were not disappointed. The decor is not glitzy, but is fabulously colourful and arty in a 1930s way. Even the telephone in the bar is an old black one. The staff were friendly and helpful, and nothing seemed to deter them from making our stay a good one. We stayed for a few days and decided to return for a night after a tour of Sonoma. We were upgraded to a suite, which was fabulous. The rooms were gorgeous and the beds super comfortable. We did not use the restaraunt for dinner, but drank at the bar before and after going out. In the whole three weeks of travelling around California, this was the only really friendly hotel bar and we loved it! We ate a good, fresh breakfast in the hotel cafe. If we go back to San Francisco, we will return to the Rex Hotel.	
Feb 21 2007	San Francisco Charm	I stay in San Francisco frequently for business. I have tried several of the Joie de Vivre hotels and I love their old world charm and elegance. The Rex is great. It is small enough that the staff knows who you are but has all of the conviences needed i.e., restaurant, lobby bar, internet, large clean rooms, and a very welcoming staff. Its right around the corner from Union Square too! Stay here if you want the charm of old San Francisco.	
Feb 19 2007	Couldn't ask for more	Wonderful three night stay. Hotel was artsy and fun. Staff friendly and helpful. Centrally located near many amenities; food, shopping, galleries, etc. Good rates. Highly recommended.	
Feb 17 2007	Our new Home away from Home	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Rex for the weekend getaway. We were treated so well with a nice welcome amenity! The staff were very friendly and efficient. The lounge had a nice, cozy feel to it. They have a nightly wine hour where guests receive complimentary glass of wine. We tried the restaurant and the food was delicious! We felt at home right away. Hotel Rex will surely be our &quot;home away from home.&quot;	
Feb 14 2007 	What a GREAT find!	Loved this little place! I've stayed at a bunch of hotels in San Francisco, from $400 down, and this is a jewel. The parking situation is a bit inconvenient, but this is San Francisco, and parking is always a nightmare. The location can't be beat, the rooms are great, and the staff was awesome. The price was unbelievable. We had a great time at the Fri. night cocktail party, and met lots of fun people. We had two rooms next to each other, with a private little hallway in front that we could lock off, so it was like having a suite. This is my new San Francisco hideout!	
Feb 13 2007	Great Stay	The hotel really made us feel at home. The rooms were nicely decorated and casual. Management was terrific to deal with and our stay was booked exactly as requested. The location was great too. It is close to shopping and close to some terrific restaurants.	
Feb 1 2007 	Mixed feelings about the Rex	Stayed at the Rex in Jan 2007 for 4 nights after reading about it here.It is in a top location near Union Square and close to the cable car, shops, galleries, theatres, good restaurants etc. The cafe next door (the Persimmon) is great for breakfast (fantastic eggs benedict and a reasonable espresso)The Rex has an interesting feel and a charming bar / lounge area with a free glass of wine in the evenings. There's free wireless internet in the rooms and a free business centre with two computers, printer etc. So all that's really positive.On the down side the rooms are a bit musty / dusty. The colour scheme is a bit strange and unless you are at the front (which is noisy) there is no outlook. The airconditioner is a window mounted one, but there is a good heating system. The bathrooms are small and overdue for a makeover. The staff were ok but the least friendly of the three places we stayed at during our trip.It is an old hotel with an interesting vibe - but the rooms do feel a bit tired and due for a re-furb.Some observations but I'm sure you can sense my mixed feelings.	
Jan 29 2007 	Good Location	You can't beat the location. Would I stay here again, probably not. The elevator was very small and very scary! The room was ok, but the windows where paper thin! Another disappointment was that there was no room safe.	
Jan 19 2007 	For us not a winner	Booked this hotel because it was close to a business appointment (for me) and shopping (for my wife). And the location was quite good. Which is the end of what we liked.When we arrived, the first room we were put in was small, dark, overlooked an airshaft. Number two choice was smaller, darker, same airshaft. Number three was bright and sunny, but on the street with no air conditioning and very hot, even with the windows open and traffic noise abundant. Through all this the staff was rather indifferent – until we agreed to pay more – then we got a decent sized larger room in the back. It was a bit shabby, but at least livable. And on a low enough floor that taking the stairs was doable (elevator is small and SLOW).We have traveled a great deal, U.S. and abroad, for more than 40 years. Stay at dozens of hotels each year, many in this price range. The Rex is mediocre at best.	
Jan 19 2007	Great way to experience San Francisco	We stayed at the Hotel Rex for two days during our trip to San Francisco. It was one of the highlights of our trip. The staff at Hotel Rex could not have been more pleasant or accomodating. They provided wonderful suggestions for places to eat and garciously made reservations for us, even when we changed our mind once or twice. We enjoyed the live entertainment on friday evening with the wine reception. It was an intimate setting and the music was great.The rooms are on the small side as you would expect from an older hotel in the city. We found this not to be a draw back, as it was cozy. The room was very clean and comfortable. We spent most of our day and evening out seeing the sights, so it was not as if we spent great amounts of time actually in the room. The location is perfect and we walked to most of what we wanted to see. I know others have complained that the elevator is small, but unless you have an enormous amount of lugage it is not an issue. We found the decor to be charming and will definately stay at the Hotel rex the next time we are in San Francisco. For the location and price, it was ideal.	
Jan 15 2007 	Hotel Rex	Hotel Rex - nice place, small rooms, average at best. Bathrooms very small. Leaky showers etc. Location makes it attractive. Staff is average at best.	
Jan 8 2007 	Happy customer	The Rex proved to be a great choice. The location is great, staff was very helpful, and bed was super comfortable. We were checked into a queen room, which turned out to be handicap accessible. When we asked if a room was available with a shower head of standard height, we were moved to a very nice king room. Decor of the room and lobby were newer, and nice. Plan on waiting for the elevator if you're on an upper floor, as it's slow and small, but no big deal.Steps from the cable cars and only a couple blocks to Union Square and China town.We loved the Rex.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great Hotel!	From the street, one would not even notice that the hotel was there due to its simple facade. But once you step in, you escape from the hustle &amp; bustle of Union Square.We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. All staff were friendly. The room attendant that cleaned our room was always smiling.We love the wine hour and the live jazz every Friday night. We will surely return to this wonderful hotel.	
Jan 3 2007 	Outstanding service	The people at the Hotel Rex were outstanding! We gave 110% to make our stay enjoyable and comfortable. The room was somewhat small but tastefully decorated and the bed was wonderful.	
Dec 31 2006 	Lots to recommend this hotel	The Rex has a lot of positives. It is well located, near Union Square with lots of shops and restaurants nearby. The staff are friendly and the rooms, while small, are clean and well furnished. There is free wireless Internet access in the rooms and another nice touch is the free glass of wine served between 5 and 6 - this ensures the guests gravitate to the lounge and creates a warm, friendly atmosphere.We had breakfast in the restuarant and it was good although there are plenty of other good restaurants and diners nearby.The only fault we would find is in the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms. All in all, a good value mid range hotel.	
Dec 29 2006 	Great customer service helpful and friendly staff	We stayed at the Hotel Rex and the rooms were clean and neat and the hotel staff are very friendly, helpful and provide you with exceptional customer service. The bathrooms are a very nice size and bedroom was a good size, TV is small. Our only drawback was the too soft bed, but the linens made up for it. The location is perfect and close to everything. We found this hotel a very good deal as we purchased the &quot;buy 2 nights and get the 3rd night free&quot;. We would recommend staying there.	
Dec 6 2006 	Fantastic Ambience and Employees are very helprful	I had to attend a charity dinner function and decided to stay in San Francisco for the weekend. A quick phone call to the hotel and I was accomodated and the employees are so helpful. The room is so clean and well thought off for the convenience of the guest. Very relaxing atmosphere and felt so safe.	
Dec 6 2006 	Very nice great location a couple of minor issues	I stayed at the Rex for a couple of nights in November '06 while travelling to San Fran on business. The room was very nice and a good size with a comfortable bed, clean bathroom, and just about everything I was looking for. It was located within walking distance to another hotel which was hosting a conference I attended and I found that in my strolls that the Hotel was also within very close distance to just about any kind of retail store anyone could imagine. Since I'm a guy and not much of a shopper I didn't take advantage, but I seem to recall Macy's, the Gap, Nike Town, etc.... , similar to what you'd find in a major mall. For the most part the staff was very friendly and helpful and the stay was enjoyable. I would certainly stay here again as it was less expensive than the Hilton/Marriott/Hyatts I typically call home and it was certainly comparable.	
Dec 4 2006 	Great hotel value	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Rex over Thanksgiving. We chose the hotel, in large part, due to the great reviews it got on Tripadvisor and it did not disappoint. The location cannot be beat. It is two short blocks from Union Square and a couple blocks from Chinatown. You can also get to all sorts of public transportation with just a short walk. The staff was friendly, the room was cute although the comforter was a little dirty (the sheets were clean). Most importantly though - the room was quiet. My husband is a very light sleeper, so this was a major plus. The daily wine reception is fun and a lot of guests attend. We loved it and will definitely go back.	
Dec 2 2006 	Great stay nice people	We spend the weekend after Thanksgiving in San Francisco, and had a great stay at the Rex. We were in a large king room which looked out over a courtyard of trees--surprising in the middle of San Francisco! Hotel staff were uniformly nice, complimentary wine was of reasonable quality and served graciously. We ate in the small restaurant for breakfast, twice (great granola with fruit and also three-grain pancakes!). We also enjoyed a couple of appetizers before going to the theatre which were served promptly, and were tasty. Rates were reasonable, location excellent, housekeeping superb. Free internet, and touches such SF Jazz Festival cd's and a player, as well as having high intensity desk lamps available made it feel like they cared.I would fault only the noise of the toilet flushing (tank less type) which you can hear from other rooms.	
Dec 1 2006 	substandard experience	I, too, am mystified as to why the reviews of this hotel are so positive. I expected the service to be as good as what previous reviewers had said that it would be but found it to be quite mediocre. The front desk staff was business-like but not particularly friendly. The service at the Cafe Andre was actually poor during our stay. Also, the decor of our room was somewhat worn, and the noise from the street at night necessitated the use of earplugs in order to have any chance of getting a good night's sleep. And the shower kept turning off repeatedly while in use, which was annoying. With so many wonderful hotels from which to choose in San Francisco, the Hotel Rex certainly gave me no reason to return.	
Nov 20 2006 	Good value	We stayed at the Rex between 30 oct and 3 nov. It's not the most characterful place but the room was big and clean and quiet. The toiletries were Aveda, there was a cd player and free wine in the cosy bar in the evening. The staff were helpful, although we didn't really need them much beyond check in and check out. All in all, good value although we didn't rate the food particularly and would suggest running around to Dotties True Blue Cafe for breakfast as an alternative.	
Nov 16 2006 	Leaves a lot to be desired	Had pre-paid for 4 nights, otherwise would have checked out. The room wasn't the cleanest. Bed was soft and uncomfortable. Staff generally nice but not much help with respect to tourism activities other than bus tours. They were busy all of the time we were there, perhaps they need to hire some more people.	
Nov 13 2006 	Nice hotel and friendly staff	We stayed here over Labor Day for 3 nights in a deluxe queen room. The room wasn't huge but it was a good size for two people. The bed was a true queen size and very comfortable with nice bedding. The room was nicely decorated and had a medium size TV, a desk, 2 chairs, cd player with cd's, AC, and a small fridge. The room was very clean and housekeeping did a wonderful job cleaning everyday. We had our bedding and towels changed every day. Although you have the option of not having them changed everyday to save water (good idea!). They also have a turn down service and left yummy chocolates on our pillows. The bathroom has a small hairdryer and Aveda products. Our room didn't have much of a view but we didn't mind since we didn't spend much time in the room anyway. The hotel staff was very friendly. We were allowed to check in early and they asked if we needed help with restaurant reservations or general information about SF. There are free maps and guidebooks in all tourist spots so no need to bring your own. The hotel also has free computer access and a room where you could either work or read. The restuarant is very small and didn't have a chance to eat there. I think there are less than 20 seats. So it's wise to make a reservation or arrive early. There was also a bar/lounge area. The elevator is fairly small and if there were other people waiting, we just took the stairs. The hotel is within walking distance from the BART station. Exit Powell and it's about ten minute walk. The fridge is fully stocked but like any other hotel, the prices are high. There is a Walgreens down the street from the hotel where you can stock up on water or snack. There are a lot of restaurants in the area. Some a bit expensive but it's expected as SF as a whole is expensive. There are 3 Starbucks coffee houses near the hotel. If you like to shop, the hotel is minutes from Union Square and is also within walking distance to Chinatown. We actually walked from Pier 39 and it didn't seem far at all. SF has reliable and efficient transportation that is fairly priced in case you don't want to walk. I don't recall the exact price for parking since we flew but most of the hotels charge from $40 and up per night. Overall we had a great stay at this hotel. I highly recommend it and would stay here again.	
Nov 12 2006 	Why stay at the big box hotels when you can stay at the Rex?	I attended a software conference at the Moscone Center last week. The conference hotels were the usual suspects at Union Square: Hilton, Marriott, Palace, Westin. When I saw the Tripadvisor reviews for these places I thought why should I (or rather my company) pay all this money to stay at a mediocre big box hotel. So I booked at the highly rated Rex and was glad I did. They upgraded us to a King Executive which was roomier. The bed was extremely comfy; the hotel was quiet at night. Friendly service, nice breakfast room, convenient valet service...and about $60 less than the big boxes.Slight dings were the musty odor another reviewer mentioned (in the hallways and in the room) and incomplete housekeeping. I didn't get the shampoo replenished for 2 days and then had to ask. Also, didn't get bath towels one day and had to ask. However, these are small things.Hotel Rex is the best.	
Nov 10 2006	Care and Relaxation in the Heart of the City	Not only were we able to visit SF at the best time of the year (September), we had an extra bonus by staying at the Hotel Rex. We looked forward to coming back to the Hotel by 5pm and recharging our batteries in the lounge with a complimentary glass of wine. The atmosphere was relaxing and accomodating, it felt like an oasis in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the city. The staff were all very personel and gave us great tips. I now feel like I have a home away from home and recommend all who plan to travel to SF to stay at the Hotel Rex.	
Nov 7 2006 	Hotel Rex - I Don't Understand These Reviews	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Rex for 5 nights in September 2005. I booked the hotel based largely on the positive TripAdvisor Reviews. I have to say that it mystifies me as to why the reviews of this hotel are so positive. Our room and the elevator were very small and the hallways had a strong musty odor. I never bothered to review the hotel at the time of our stay but we have since stayed at the Palace, the Hilton and the Salerno. All these hotels were superior to the Rex and were approximately the same price. I noted from the fire escape map that our room was the smallest on the floor but even with a larger room I would not return.	
Oct 8 2006 	what a find	In my life i have been fortunate to have had the opportunity to stay in some very well known and expensive hotels. I visited the Rex at the start of Sept , staying for three nights with my wife, daughter and her partner and i can safely say that this hotel is a benchmark in how to treat guests. The room was very comfortable, if a little small ,but we expected that after reading previous reviews .However, the courtesy, warmth and friendliness of the staff was on a completely different level to what we have ever experienced before. Coming into the lobby after a day out , or first thing in the morning was like meeting with friends ; it was an amazing experience. We simlpy couldn't envisage going to a different hotel should we return to the city.	
Oct 2 2006	Hotel Rex wonderful	We absolutely loved Hotel Rex - location was great, close to several restaurants, staff was absolutely fantastic - helped me with several issues - got there on husband's 50th bday, put gift box in his room for me. Had to leave early because of family emergency - Jeff helped me with making arrangements - let us stay in the room longer because of our flight, etc. Hotel was small - which we loved - didn't even mind tiny elevator, rooms were nicely decorated, not fancy, just right. We were on 6th floor, very quiet - would have thought we were the only ones in hotel, but it was full. Location was wonderful - close walk to Macy's, shopping, China Town, cable car - I just can't say enough nice things about Hotel Rex - we loved it, would highly recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 1 2006 	fabulous stay at the rex!	After reading glowing reviews on tripadvisor, my husband and I chose to stay at the rex in san francisco. We LOVED the hotel which is a total gem. The staff was excellent- super friendly and welcoming. Our suite (one of only two the hotel has) was huge and had two (!) bathrooms. It was very quiet and the furnishings were lovely. Location is perfect- just a block or two to union square and steps from a cable car line. Couldn't have been happier.	
Sep 27 2006 	Small but very nice	If you don't like to take chances, or if you're afraid of inconstency or anything unknown, this is not the hotel for you. But, if you like small, unique hotels, the Hotel Rex is a good bet.I stayed there in late September 2006. At first, I was a little concerned about the neighborhood, but I had absolutely no problems. Plus, the Rex is maybe a block away from the Hyatt and a couple blocks from the Renaissance, so the neighboring hotels give you some reassurance.Check in was great. No problems, friendly staff. They offered me a glass of wine, which was a nice touch. (It was a good and spicy Shiraz).The elevator was slow, so I walked to my room on the third floor. This is an old hotel, so the stairway and halls are narrow, but the decor is very nice.My room was small (maybe 12 x 14?) some might say very small, but I thought it was great. The bed was really comfortable, and the overall furnishings added a nice touch.Maybe because I was staying in one of the cheapest rooms, my room did not have any view -- it looked onto an interior courtyard. This didn't bother me though.Upon check-out, I did experience a minor issue. The hotel does not have an ATM machine, so if you need cash for tips, plan accordingly.Overall, the Rex is a great boutique hotel in a pretty good location. But if you're used to chain hotels, this probably isn't the place for you.	
Sep 26 2006 	Great spot	23 of us stayed here for a work trip and it proved to be just great. Easy access to the best of San Francisco and also it was accessible for our bus driver to get in and out of the city on the work visits. The staff were really helpful with all of our varied requests and accomodated us above and beyond the usual expected level.	
Sep 18 2006 	Excellent and non smoking!!!	We stayed here this past summer for 7 nights.The best part of this hotel was that it is completely non smoking!! Our plane came in late, therefore other hotels told us they couldn't guarantee us a non smoking room. It was a such a relief knowing we were going to arrive without worrying. The rooms were very comfortable and clean. The location was excellent, close to shopping and cable cars. The staff was incredible!! They helped us with getting our money back from a tour that never arrived! And then booking a tour through a different company. They included a free glass of wine (or jus for the underaged ones) each night which was a nice addition. It was very safe and quiet and we would defiantly stay here again.	
Sep 17 2006	Hidden Gem	Spent Labour Day weekend at this hotel, and found it to be everything we wanted - nearby to all the action, but very quiet ,comfortable, sizable room with all mod cons, helpful staff &amp; a celebrity spot staying across the hall. We did have a deluxe room on the 6th floor, but booked this direct with the hotel having found a really good rate elsewhere, which the hotel matched. Will definitely stay here again. Hot tip - there are better places to have breakfast than Sears - very over-rated.	
Sep 8 2006 	Perfect Location fine room	We started our 28 days vacation with 3 nights in the Rex. First time in SF. Comfortable, good location! Big room with two queen beds for the three of us for a reasonable price. Also the free internet access was perfect. We saw 15 hotels in those weeks in USA-West and Rex was one of the best. We used the tripadvisor to find this hotel.Check the Website of the hotel: What You See Is What You Get....	
Aug 28 2006	Good Hotel great location	Superb location, all the best bits of downtown SF are within walking distance and even more if you dont mind a hike up the steep streets. Even though its close to the main action, Union Square, Sutter Street itself is not so busy, so you feel away from the bussle even though youre not. The hotel has a cool boutique feel about it and helpful, friendly staff. The room was nicely done out with all the usual refinements, a touch on the small side but I did go for the lowest rate. All in all I would thoroughly recommend the Rex.	
Aug 22 2006 	Fantastic Location	Although the decor was a little tired and the room slightly small, the service from the excellent staff and the central location more than made up for this. The staff were very welcoming and extremely helpful. The bar is buzzy and has some tasty snacks - we didn't eat in the restaurant as there were hundreds of restaurants close by. There is a great bar to the left of the hotel - very busy both nights we were there and frequented by locals who are up for conversation with tourists. Try Cafe Claude for dinner (only 10 mins walk away) - top class food and service at reasonable prices.	
Aug 19 2006 	Great hotel but avoid the restaurant	Excellent location. The room was quite nice and had an extra large bathroom. (It may have been a handicapped room come to think of it.) The daily complimentary wine and truly free Internet were also nice touches.Take note that their website is a bit misleading regarding room and parking charges. So make sure you check your confirmation email! The front desk people actually gave us a discounted rate since we pointed out the confusion. So an A+ for customer service!Avoid the hotel restuarant. The gnocchi was undercooked and the service was painfully slow.But overall, a very fine hotel.	
Aug 18 2006	Hotel Rex great location	Hotel Rex was centrally located to all the local hot spots and the cable cars and all. The rooms were very well appointed and the bathroom/toilet was exceptionally clean. The room however did not have an air conditioner which we did not mind cause of the mild weather but if you need to be cold to sleep then you should get a room with an air conditioner.Excellent staff and room service.Very much recommended.	
Aug 5 2006 	Better than most	My idea of ‘Above Average’ may be much different from most willing to settle for an inexpensive room… However, as a business traveler, I look for cleanliness, bed comfort, fast internet, and conveniences like a refrig and microwave. A view is always the cherry on top of my rapid rewards. Picky.Okay – the Hotel Rex:Great design. Easy to find, and the white zone to park the car may be full… prepare. Valet attendant was very prompt and helpful. Always good to tip. Check in was fast and easy.Room: Pulled down the sheets to check for hairs. Very clean sheets! BUT!! Lot’s of holes and rips. Reported to the front desk and sheets were replaced with less holy. Nice bed – good pillows – did not smell like hair tonic! No refrig or microwave. An honor bar with a bunch of ‘gourmet’ junk food and expensive libations. Provided toiletries were all Aveda. Free wireless internet.The free wine reception poured decent tasting wines. The ‘tender was a very nice and lovely lady ‘Annie.’ I met some fun folks at the bar, enjoying two nights of reception / tipsiness. The Café: I ate breakfast which was ok, and dinner that was really good = the chicken mole plate!! Yum. Watch for rooms facing the street and lack of air-conditioning. You can get a room with A/C and away from the street. Walking distance to Union Square and located amidst tons of restaurants. Parking is $38. Add that to your room and you are spending some cash. The other good choice in the area is Hotel Milano off Market. The Rex is a step above the rest, so it is worth checking out for at least the amenities and classic décor.	
Jul 30 2006 	Great Hotel - Rex	We absolutely loved this hotel. It's at a great location, close to everything. Our room was small, but elegantly furnished - different from many chain hotels. The staff was very friendly and knowledgable about the area. Every evening there was a complemenatry wine service featuring the products from local wineries. We also used the free internet service, too. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 19 2006 	Great location great staff	We stayed at the Hotel Rex for 4 nights at the beginning of July 2006. We had a Deluxe King room which was a decent size with an enourmous bed taking up most of it! There was plenty of room however and it was very comfortable - the bathroom as a good size and very clean and well equipped.The decor of the hotel is fairly &quot;old world&quot; and characterful, this is not a faceless chain hotel and is all the better for it. The decor is very dark however and the room itself had a very small window and could have done with better lighting in general. This wasn't a massive problem but worth noting. The room was very cosy and homely.The staff were excellent - very friendly and knowledgeable about their city, they helped us book all the tours we wished to go on - a word of warning: if you wish to go on the boat trip to Alcatraz (which you should do it's amazing!) book early as it gets full very quickly - the staff were very helpful with this matter. One of the best things about the hotel we found was the &quot;study&quot; room which contains several computer terminals with free internet access 24 hours a day. Totally invaluable for booking trips and tickets during our stay.Overall the Hotel Rex is an excellent hotel located perfectly for Union Square - right in the heart with easy access to everything you could want. My one disappointment was the cleanliness of the room was not quite up to scratch - it was adequate, but a bit dusty.We would probably return to Hotel Rex on a second visit to San Francisco.	
Jul 14 2006	10 points !	I give 10 points to this Hotel. A lot of people should go there and learn a little bit what's hotel hospitality. All the information that we needed was provided by the frond desk. A lot of great facilities ( Bar, Internet studio, Art Gallery ). They were doing renovation in one of the elevators, but the letter appologising was signed by the GM, which seemed to me as he Know all the time what's going on in his hotel. Personal Minibar and wine reception at the Bar for free, where u can find a lot of travellers and have nice conversations with them.	
Jul 10 2006	Best Hotel Experience in U.S.	I am a meetings planner who travels frequently professionally and personally, and this hotel knocked my socks off. I can honestly say that it is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed at in the world-- the attention to detail was amazing. The rooms were really, really clean and super quiet. The bed was delicious; the staff warm and professional, and the lighting and ambience calming (except for in the bathroom, where I am pleased to say that the lighting was great for make-up application!). All guests are invited to enjoy a complimentary glass of wine nightly, and the location of the property is perfectly situated so that we were able to walk to/from BART, the cable cars, great shopping, the North End, Chinatown...The other hotel guests appeared to be mostly European so apparently the word is out overseas about this place!My favorite touch of all was the smell of the hotel. After one day, we just had to ask the staff what smelled so good, and they told us that the hotel had hired an aromatherapist to come in and give the hotel its fragrance! Warm and light at the same time, my husband and I agreed that we needed to buy the fragrance for our own home immediately.I highly recommend this property and would go back any time, with great pleasure!!	
Jul 7 2006	Lovely hotel	Rex is a lovely hotel - ideally located off Union Square and close to a cable car stop. Hotel staff were very friendly - free internet access for all guests - rooms were very pleasant and an adequate size with all the essentials - no air conditioning but a fan is available if required. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 6 2006	Fair value excellent location superb service	My wife and I and our two teenagers stayed at the Rex for four nights in late June. First, the negatives. You'll be a little disappointed by your first impression of the Rex because it's being kind to say that the exterior is nothing to write home about. The seven-story hotel has a single tiny, slow elevator. Be prepared to use the stairs. Next, our room had two full-size beds and we added a rollaway - add our four suitcases to it and it became arguably the most crowded hotel room I've ever stayed in. Water pressure in the shower - my personal pet peeve - was spotty. At times the water slowed to a trickle before starting back up. Now the positives. The lobby is elegant and I can't say enough about the helpfulness of the staff to provide both information and advice. The front desk found us a doctor who paid us a house call to attend to my sick son at 9:00 p.m. (just don't ask how much he charged). Extra towels were delivered almost before I hung up the phone. The room itself, while small, was top shelf. Furniture and finishings were gorgeous. The bathroom was large and fully renovated with up-to-date fixtures. The room air conditioner was relatively quiet and the thermostat actually worked, giving it a leg up on many hotels. There are some reviews on this forum that complain about the street noise, but our room faced west and it was as quiet as a tomb at night. I also really appreciate that there wasn't a bellman constantly holding out his hand for tips. The help was always available, but it was unobtrusive. For tourists, it's hard to go wrong with any hotel in the Union Square area. But Rex is less than a block from cablecars, a drug store, a nice 24-hour diner, several coffee shops, etc. Overall, it's an entirely charming boutique hotel with a staff that knows the true meaning of customer service. If you're looking for new or spacious, this is not the right place. It's also probably not the best place to take small children. But, Rex is elegant, romantic, well located and while not a bargain, it's priced fairly and even less than many comparable boutiques in the Union Square market that I checked out.	
Jul 3 2006	Loved Hotel Rex.	Hotel Rex is perfectly located for a short San Fran visit, right at Union Square and with the Cable Car at the nearest corner, and it has a real charm to it. The room that we had was small but comfortable but the hotel's public areas are really quite elegant and the staff are very helpful. The free glass of wine each evening is a nice touch and the attached restuarant is inexpensive and produces good food.	
Jun 25 2006	Nice place in a nice place	My extended family stayed here recently after a wedding. We had booked a total of six rooms, and everything went smoothly. The staff was very personable and helpful, the rooms large and decor imaginative and stimulating. The location was ideal, and afternoon wine was nice too. Highly recommended.	
Jun 21 2006	Despite cancelling still charged	In August 2005 I booked for my husband and me to stay in May 2006 for 4 nights as part of a multi-city trip. My husband had a stroke in February 2006 and I cancelled our booking immediately as we were unable to travel. The Hotel Rex emailed me in April confirming receipt of my cancellation so imagine my horror when my Visa card was charged $144.38 on 12 May 2006. Despite attempts by Visa, an email and a fax from me the Hotel has not responded or repaid this amount to date. So beware in booking using a credit card with this hotel as you might also find yourself charged in error. I don't need this fight over payment when I have the worry over my husband's health. I had no problems with cancelling any of the other hotels on our trip.	
Jun 19 2006	Great Hotel	Very impressive hotel with remarkable value for San Francisco. Staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel restaurant was great. The location was perfect.	
Jun 19 2006	nothing but joy...	We recently celebrated our wedding anniversary and chose the Rex as our homebase in San Francisco. What a joy it was to stay here, from check in to check out we were made to feel like their special guests. The location is ony a 3 minute walk to Union Square so if shopping is your thing , you are in the golden land. We made spa reservations close by at the St. Regis ( waaaaay to expensive to stay there- but a close walk from the Rex so you can have a close by &quot;spa experience&quot;). We also had dinner at the Ritz, which was a lovely indulgance but also waaaay to expensive to stay there, but since we were having such a great rate close by at the Rex all was well. The Rex is also so close to Chinatown that it is a 10 minute happy walk in the morning for a lovely Sunday morning stroll through a vibrant section of the city. We also usually have drinks at the Campton or Scala's close by. Like I said the Rex is a wonderful home base for all that the city has to offer- plus they make you feel that you are not just a guest but their &quot;guest star&quot;. They are truly gracious.	
Jun 15 2006	Great hotel in Union Square!	My wife and I stayed at Hotel Rex last weekend and really enjoyed it! The hotel's location is great as it's just a few steps away from the cable car. We enjoyed the amenities in our room, especially the free wireless. Some hotels that we stayed at even charge $20.00 for Internet access. We loved the wine hour every night. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 13 2006	Lift me up ?	Stayed here for 4 nights and thought it was a nice hotel.Situated in a good location just up from Union Square the hotel is pretty smart and the rooms are very clean and nicely decorated. Good value for money and the maid service was amazing. We left the room for half an hour and when we got back it was cleaned and looking good again. They turned down the bed and put on some music in the evenings - great service. The staff on reception were brilliant as well. Only problem was the lift was out of service so climbing up to the 7th floor wasnt much fun after a long flight, it seems from reading past reviews that the lift is out of service a lot so maybe the hotel should take steps to address the problem, its only one lift so it cant be that difficult !!!.	
Jun 11 2006 	Great stay	Friendly staff, very attentive and willing to do whatever they can to make your experience there positive. Very enjoyable stay for a small hotel. Would stay again and refer freinds.	
Jun 2 2006	Problematic Stay	Stayed over the Memorial Day weekend. During our stay, the only elevator went down and during our last day, the water was out... no toilets or shower!!! Exception or typical? Staff resisted honoring the $50 discount promised. Unlikely that we will return.	
May 23 2006	Without exception...	the Rex Hotel staff was the best! My sister &amp; I spent the weekend there for Bay to Breakers, and from the first moment, they all went above &amp; beyond. Our room was ready when we arrived (early), then promptly &amp; happily changed for us when we discovered it had only one queen bed. The room we were given was larger, and like the others it was nicely decorated, with all the amenities, was quiet, and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay in it. Coffee is served in the morning and the complimentary wine in the evening is a really nice touch at the end of the day, in a truly relaxing, interesting library/bar space on the main floor of the hotel. The location can't be beat, but I'd go again and again, for all the pleasant, helpful, cheerful, wonderful staff! Thank you.	
May 19 2006	Great hotel great location great value!	The Hotel Rex was great and you can’t beat the location or the value. We paid $250 total for three nights there booked through the hotel website. We had a Deluxe Queen room on the fourth floor. Not much of a view but we had two windows so it was plenty bright. The room didn’t feel small or cramped and there was plenty of space in the bathroom as well. Our queen bed was comfy and we slept great even though we are used to a king at home. Our room had a window AC unit which we used every night. When we arrived in our room we had a letter stating that the elevator would be in service during our stay from about 10am – 4pm each day. We never encountered the elevator being out of service, full, or not working and it always came promptly. There is also a wide, open staircase right next to the elevator (so not like a stair well) that we used as well. I really liked the hotel décor. Some people complain that it is too dark, but I think it is very fitting for the theme of the hotel. The library/bar area is even larger and more spacious than appears in the pictures on their website. There was also a room off the lobby with two computers with free internet access and free printing capabilities. The staff was also very helpful with any questions we had. The hotel offered a complimentary wine hour from 5 to 6 every evening. We went each evening for a wine. Can’t beat a free drink or two before dinner. I would definitely recommend this hotel, both for the value and location, and would stay here again in a heartbeat on our next visit to San Francisco.	
May 17 2006	Gorgeous Boutique Hotel	The Rex is a great place to stay in San Francisco. It is a 5 minute walk to the great shopping around Union Square and a short cab ride to Fisherman's Wharf and other great sites. The hotel is really special. It is a boutique hotel that has recently been remodeled. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. The Rex pays attention to small details and the service is incredible. The hotel restaurant is also affordable and tasty!	
May 10 2006	Comfortable boutique hotel in the heart of town	I stayed in the Rex for four nights and it was everything that I needed. It was comfortable, friendly and only a block from Union Square, all at a very reasonable price. I'll definitely stay there again on my next trip to San Fransisco.	
May 3 2006	curate's egg	Accepting that centrally located elderly hotels in San Francisco are going to have to operate within space constraints, this hotel had one huge problem. It has only one small elevator so that, if it is not actually already being used by room service or the maids, you may have to share a ride with well virtually anything that needs to go up or come down in a hotel.The location also means that daylight is at a premium in the hotel and the general lack of direct light was amplified by some very earthy coloured decor (presumably because of the style being sought). This is particularly pronounced on the stairs. There is no natural light and the artificial light is not overly bright, yet they have laid brown striped carpet which makes it very difficult to see the edge of the stair tread. With the elevator problem making recourse to the stairs for descent (even at four floors up) a more frequent then usual occurrence, particular care had to be taken.The room, whilst generously proportioned and quiet, also lacked daylight and was not brightly lit artificially. It was a bit depressing. The bathroom/ shower was good for such an old building. The lack of coffee/ tea making facilities was not helpful particularly since the bar served dreadful coffee (we didn't dare ask about tea).Staff were helpful, although some seemed overly commission motivated, and there was no one to help with cases. The location is very good.	
Apr 30 2006	Nice boutique hotel	We just spent four nights at the Rex and we were very happy with both the hotel and the staff. If you like hotels with character but still possessing all the comforts of the big hotel - this is the place. Like another writer, we asked for a larger room because the rooms are small since we were going to be staying for a while but the desk person was gracious and found us another without a problem. And ,sure they bring ice to your door because they don't have ice machines and the elevator is tiny but rooms are very tastefully decorated and comfortable - and everything else is very well done. It feels a bit European which we really like - doesn't feel like a cookie cutter hotel . The only thing I'd want different is coffee in my room but you can get that at the bar until 9a.m. so it's not THAT big a deal. And the location is REALLY super and the staff is incredibly helpful. We'll definitely go back.	
Apr 25 2006	Excellent hotelwe loved every aspect of it	We stayed at the Rex for three nights at the beginning of a two week tour of California. We had an excellent time. The location of the hotel is very central, just off Powell Street and five minutes from Union Square, It is surrounded by good places to eat and close to public transport including the famous cable cars. The staff were friendly, helpful and efficient. The room we had was of a good size, had all the amenities we needed and was at the back of the hotel so it was quiet. The hotel's Cafe Andree is small, quite intimate and provides an imaginative menu for breakfast and dinner. What we really liked about this hotel is that they are prepared to go one step further than most to make their guests welcome. They have a special get together from 5 to 6 where guests can enjoy a free glass of wine in the bar. While we were there they had a live jazz evening. They also have a link with Golden Gate Greeters who provide a local volunteer to show you around the areas you are particularly interested in. We took up the offer and spent three hours of our first morning getting our bearings, learning to use public transport and getting all kinds of useful tips. We definitely recommend this hotel, we loved it!	
Apr 22 2006	Great value great location	The Hotel Rex is wonderfully located just off Union Square and for the price was great value. Our room at the back of the hotel was amazingly quiet given its central location and although it was a fairly small room, you cannot complain for the price. There are some nice touches at the hotel - Aveda bath products, robes, free internet access, wine reception in the evening - and the staff were very friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone heading to San Fran wanting a central location at a very reasonable price - considering this is a city where you want to go and explore, the Rex is a great base in a great city.	
Apr 20 2006	Mostly good at the Rex	We stayed for more than a week in the Hotel Rex on business and then for a city break in San Francisco. Overall we really enjoyed our time there and would recommmend it to others.The location is very central and so is good for shopping, dining and for walking to Chinatown, the financial district, the SFMOMA etc. It also has great transport links. You can walk one block and pick up a cable car direct to Fisherman's Wharf and several buses run right outside. It's also close (5 blocks) to Powell St. underground station.Our room was clean and tidy but not massive. The art deco styling is rather dark but a request for an extra lamp was promptly sorted by the staff. As with many city hotels the view was non-existent, but at least facing away from the street was quiet. The bed was comfy but the sheets could have been better fitted. The bathroom was huge (wheelchair accessible?) but had an oversized shower tray rather than a proper bath, this was a bit disappointing but may not be standard. City guides in the room were a nice touch and made good first-night reading.Breakfast at the adjoining Cafe Andree was tasty and varied but a little pricey and could be slow coming. If you're after simple rather than fancy there are several cafes close by that can do bacon and eggs cheaper and faster. The bar is very cosy and a great place to hang out if you don't feel like wandering. The free glass of wine (cabernet sauvignon or chardonnay) before dinner is a great idea since a large number of guests sit in the bar. It's a good chance to chat to fellow travellers or just relax with a book.The desk staff were extremely helpful and quickly came up with travel, dining and sightseeing tips. There are also two PCs for internet use in case you want to email or get any information online.In short, although the Rex is not the height of luxury, it is clean, friendly, cosy, central and good value. I'd happily shoose it again over more sterile modern hotels.Additional tips, if you're staying for a while and plan on visting the Wharf or the parks a lot buy a 3 or 7 day MUNI pass. Especially if you're using the cable car lots these will pay for themselves very quickly. Piraat (1 block west on Sutter) does good pizza if you feel like having a night in and Sanraku (2 blocks west on Sutter) does good Japanese food and was pleasantly busy both times we went.	
Apr 20 2006	Hotel Rex: Highly Recommended	I stayed at the Hotel Rex and was pleasantly surprised to find a hotel that is uniquely different from the gaudy, flashy Vegas-style chain hotels. This hotel represented the way I regarded San Francisco from afar and from within - intimate, romantic, full of character and charm. The hotel restaurant called Cafe Andree was a revelation as well. The food was consistently magnificent - breakfast, lunch and dinner. My favorites are the the grilled rib-eye steak, the grilled halibut, the crabcakes and the dulce de leche creme brulee. The presentation and flavor were superb. The ambiance was intimate and safe. I will always regard Hotel Rex as MY &quot;San Francisco nook,&quot; away from the maddening crowd.	
Apr 17 2006	More dump than Boutique	The pictures on the website are misleading and show the Hotel in a much better light than we saw it in person. It was inexpensive but everything about it reflected that. The corrider and rooms seemed border line clean and the decor was out dated. The bar/lounge only served one kind of wine for the &quot;tasting&quot; and the front desk help was friendly but could not answer any questions we had about San Francisco, where to find weather info (which any decent hotel should post anyway) or where to eat.I would not/NOT stay here again or recommened it to anyone.	
Apr 13 2006 	Home Away from Home!	Hotel Rex is by far the best hotel in San Francisco! I attended a conference and chose the Hotel Rex as my &quot;home away from home&quot; for a week. If you need a great concierge, ask for BIEN. He is definitely the best concierge I have ever had as far as hospitality and professionalism go. The free wine every night at the library bar was nice too. All of the staff were very nice and helpful. We did agree at the end of our stay that Hotel Rex was an excellent &quot;home away from home!&quot;Sallie LeewerMeridian, MS	
Apr 12 2006 	Hotel Rex is a Gem	The Hotel Rex is a fantastic place to stay when visiting San Francisco. With a convenient Union Square location, you are really within walking distance of all the great points of the city. Besides being a few block from the BART station and Union Square shopping, it's really just an easy walk to the theater district, Chinatown, Jackson Square, Financial District, and a beautiful walk around Nobb Hill. To get to Fisherman's Wharf, it's just a $7 cab ride.Now back to Hotel Rex itself...what a gem. The rooms are quiet (except on Saturday night...I think the college kids at the nearby Art Academy were partying at some club) and decorated with a comfy, funky flair. But the best part about staying here is the friendly, efficient, and extremely helpful staff at the front desk. And what a neat surprise to eat a lovely breakfast in the connecting restaurant, Cafe Andrea. With the jazz/french music and the library theme...it's a joyful way to start your day. Also most helpful is the computer room next door where you can print your boarding pass lickety split.	
Mar 28 2006	Lots of personality	We stayed at Hotel Rex for two nights in early March. First the good things: The location was excellent; walking distance from Union Square, Chinatown, and the cable car lines. The valet parking is reasonable at $37 per day. The bar area is quite nice, and each guest enjoys two free glasses of house wine between 17:00 and 19:00. The rooms are cozy and have nice decor. The bath products are made by Aveda!Now the undesirable aspects of our stay at Hotel Rex: It took five minutes to get hot water in the shower. The facial tissues were as rough as sandpaper. We reserved a queen bed but were given a full. If it was pillow top as advertised, it needed to be replaced. We were charged for many items from the minibar, but we consumed nothing. We were also charged for the &quot;free&quot; wine. The receptionist took these items off with a grimace.Overall we don't regret staying there. Hotel Rex has a lot of personality, but we cannot say it is one of the better hotels we have been to.	
Mar 15 2006	Very pleasant hotel	My wife and I had a very pleasant stay at this nice boutique hotel in Union Square. The minute you walk in the lobby, you escape from the hustle &amp; bustle of Union Square. The lobby is very cozy. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. Unfortunately, the elevator was being renovated. But everything else was perfect! The wine reception at night, the comfortable bed, the free wireless in our guestroom, and the nice people that work there make it a great hotel to stay at. We shall return!	
Mar 7 2006	Cozy in the middle of the city	We stayed at the Hotel Rex at the end of a week-long trip north of the city so, in a way, were not looking forward to the bustle &amp; flow of the city. But...this is an oasis amid the chaos. Quiet, with a feeling of privacy, it gives a feeling of escape anyway. The location is great. Cable cars at the corner &amp; a short walk to big shopping or little stores. The staff were wonderful, making recommendations &amp; reservations for dinner for a couple of weary travellers on the first night. Very helpful, with a great enthusiasm for the city (and a refreshing curiousity for new dicoveries. Nifty little lounge for curling up in the evening. Didn't try the restaurant, but the menu looked interesting (kind of neo-Latin touches for traditional food).Our room was smallish, but comfortable, without the usual dry-air mustiness. Warning to those with loads of luggage: the elevator is tiny...3-4 people inside will become quick friends!Altogether a neat place. A little funky, but very professional.	
Feb 16 2006	Excellent Value	I thoroughly enjoyed my weekend stay at Hotel Rex.Staff were excellent and helpful. Room was clean and well equipped. Excellent location for &quot;getting out on foot&quot; to see the City.In that I prefer to spend money on a weekend trip on excellent food and other activities, this hotel at $135 was every bit as good for the purpose as would have been the Marriott, where I moved to on Monday to attend a conference, at $249, (and I don't recall the Marriott offering a couple of free glasses of wine per day either!)	
Feb 11 2006 	Not as good as the website looks	Two of us stayed here for two nights. The first room given to us was very dark. The one window let through very little light. We were given an option of a better room on a higher floor for the same rate, or a suite (actually 2 rooms) on the 7th floor. I took the suite although it cost more than $230 a night. It looked good, but overall, the stay was disappointing. There was no door man to help with the luggage. I had to lift bags up the steps into the lobby myself. On check in, I was not told that the cafe/restaurant would not be open that night and there was no room service dinner available. We were very tired having just arrived from a 6 hour flight and did not know about the restaurant til we called that evening. Next morning, I was told by room service that breakfast would arrive in 20 minutes. It took an hour. Cold toast, weak, undrinkable tea, and fruit for two came to more than $40. The breakfast arrived with no milk, no spoons, and no plates except those containing the fruit. Later, the manager told me room service &quot;never&quot; said &quot;20 minutes&quot; but next day, they told me the same. This might seem trivial, but we had a really important appointment that morning and had to rush to make it on time. Wireless did not work in the suite. We tried many times and connected to the internet twice in about 20 tries. The phone system is bizarre. The front desk said it did need a written tutorial to help each guest! The manager did apologise for the problems on check out. When hotels are promoted in city style guides, as is the Rex, beware. They are often dark, made-over old city hotels with new paintings, fresh paint,and a hype about them, but the same old elevators and same old phone systems.	
Feb 1 2006	Overall very nice	We stayed for 2 nights at the Rex, and liked it a lot. The room was very cute, clean and quiet. My husband found the bed a bit soft, but he likes really hard beds anyway. Wireless internet was clear. The host gave us 2 free glasses of champagne for my birthday, which I thought was kind. The staff stored our luggage for 6 hours after we checked out, while we explored the city further. The only problem was getting a cup of tea involves receiving a $4 half-pot of very mediocre brand. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant, Cafe Andre, which was good if a little pricey. Get your tea to go at the cafe on the diagonal corner instead. Overall, a nice place and excellent location.	
Jan 29 2006	Great small hotel close to everything	Stayed at the hotel rex, great location, good price, very small rooms with ability to hear your neighbors next door, however, well- kept, sexy and cool.Cute bar and nice palce to grab a good breakfast.Walking distance to shops and great restaurants.Would stay here again if wanting a boutiquw feel for not a lot of $$$.	
Jan 22 2006	Great boutique hotel	If you are looking for a small moderately priced hotel in the heart of San Francisco that is comparable to staying with good friends, I recommend the Rex. The service is very pleasant and always with a smile. Food and drink are also very fine with free wine at happy hour. Oh yes, I almost forgot the art work. Very tasteful and fun.	
Jan 20 2006 	A Terrific San Francisco Choice	Just got back from a three-night stay at The Rex and it's only fair to sing this hotel's praises. Location is great; the rooms are comfortable; the amenities (morning paper, free wine in the evening, high-speed internet) are perfectly lovely; the adjoining restaurant great for breakfast (I didn't eat dinner there, but it looked filled up when I stuck my head in); the &quot;New Yorker magazine&quot; theme in the lobby and the library fun. But what really sets it apart is the attentive staff and the above-and-beyond level of service and helpfulness. It's a hotel you can feel welcome and at home at--I'm convinced it's one of the best buys in San Francisco.	
Jan 18 2006	no elevator from 2/9 to 3/31 2006	This hotel is highly rated but be forewarned, from the hotel's own website: &quot;The Hotel Rex elevator will be undergoing an upgrade and will be unavailable for use February 9th through March 31st. Thank you for your cooperation.&quot; Some of the booking comanies fail to mention this in their price quotes. The hotel has 5 floors with a special price reduction for the 5th floor.	
Jan 16 2006	"Tripasaurus" Rex	My wife, daughter and I have had a longstanding tradition of visiting San Francisco for a few days of shopping, theater, eating and holiday pleasure just before Christmas. We live only 35 miles from &quot;the City&quot; and are quite familiar with hotels and restaurants. Our tradition has been to get a large suite at one of the bigger Union Street hotels (Hyatt, St. Francis, Cliff). This year we decided to stay at the Rex, a smaller, Euro-style (French owned) hotel with an arts/literature spin to it. Not the Algonquin (NYC's venerable literarti haunt), but wow! What a great place! The location was perfect - sight across the street from ACT Theater. Valet parking was reasonable and efficient (for San Francisco) and the room was very cool. My daughter (college student) gasped upon entering and declared, &quot;this is soooo like the place we stayed in Bologna...cool!&quot;She was correct about the ambiance, but there was a significant price difference: the Bologna room rate was 4-times the cost of the Rex. The Rex equalled it in terms of detail (sophisticated magazines and literature everywhere, chic art work, decor and color schemes). The staff was attentive, room service was prompt and the food (including the onsite Cafe Andre' - a terrific place to dine) was grand. During the complimentary wine/apertif hour (5-6?) we sat in the &quot;library&quot; - a comfortable room with fireplace, books and lots of friendly guests. Many of the guests were European - I chatted with an Austrian woman and a French gentleman over a glass of cabernet. By the time we departed for the theater, the group expanded to 7 and we were all exchanging email addresses. Don't expect all of the amenities (health club, jacuzzi, etc.) at the Rex. Bud DO expect to experience the charm of a classic European 3/4-star. Unless you are wed to Hiltons, Holiday Inns, Hyatts or Howard Johnsons you'll love this quaint but sophisticated hotel...br	
Jan 12 2006	Hotel Rex was Awesome!	Hotel Rex was quite a hotel! It's intimate yet loaded with great amenities and services. They even have FREE wireless, high speed Internet in the lobby and the guestrooms. The staff are very friendly and they make you feel at home. Highly recommended boutique hotel!	
Jan 1 2006	A fine hotel overall	We stayed at the Rex for 4 nights over Christmas. Rooms were pleasantly decorated and adequate size. One couple had a standard room off the street (609) and we had a larger King room at the rear of the hotel(604). Only problem in both rooms was low light..lamps did not illuminate the rooms well and light from the window was low.Staff members were all great. The lounge was cozy and wine reception was well attended.Hotel is in art gallery neighborhood...lots of activities. 1 block from Union square. We heard the cable car bells when the window was open.Rooms had that old building smell...open window took care of it. Room was very clean. Water pressure in the shower was great. Mini bar refrigerator had room for our extra food.Cafe Andre breakfast was pretty good but not up to the excellent reviews we read.	
Dec 31 2005	Great Hotel	We had two nights in the Rex, a great hotel very comfortable and within easy walking distace of Union Square. The rooms are excellent also has a great bar with live Jazz and a restaurant, which provided very good food. We would highly recommend this as a place to consider if you are travelling to San Francisco.	
Dec 19 2005	Loved the Rex	We stayed at the Rex for 4 nights in late Nov 05. This is a charming hotel in a great location - close to Union Square and the major stores, for those looking for 'retail therapy' or a place to escape from the rain, and the cable car line to China Town and Fisherman's Wharf. We had double bed room on the 7th floor facing onto the street, but didn't find the street noise a problem. The room was perfect and the complemetary CD player with jazz CDs and selection of books was a nice touch. The large bathtub was a godsend after a day of sightseeing. So too was the 'Happy Hour' wine tasting each afternoon in the hotel bar! We found all the hotel staff very helpful and extremely friendly - we even received a thank you note from the maids each day for leaving them a tip. The hotel has a wonderful 'homely' feel to it and made our stay in San Francisco very enjoyable. We would highly recommend the Hotel Rex and definitely stay here again.We visited Alcatraz and did the audio tour, which was great. Would recommend booking tickets in advance. We also did a wine tour day trip to the Napa Valley, which was enjoyable (although the wine isn't as good as in Australia!)	
Nov 24 2005	Got off to a bad start but overall a happy stay	We stayed at the Hotel Rex for three nights. When we arrived, tired after a long flight and with a lot of luggage as well as two small children, there was no doorman in evidence. My husband ended up carrying in our luggage while I stood on the sidewalk with the kids, and tried to prevent their getting run over. We were very unhappy with this, especially as we had a bag stolen somewhere between the airport and the hotel and suspected it had happened while we were thus distracted. When I complained to the member of staff on the front desk he admitted that he was the doorman but had had a couple of things to 'wrap up' when he should have been helping us. However, I think this was bad luck with slack Sunday staff as all the staff we encountered during the rest of our stay were unfailingly polite and helpful.The room we were initially given (202 for any readers who want to avoid it) was far from ideal. I had paid a higher rate for a 'deluxe double double' so that we would have more room for the four of us. However, the room was cramped and dark. It was also extremely noisy. It was at the end of a corridor with rooms to either side and we could hear literally everything going on in the adjacent rooms (I won't go into details). After a disturbed night I asked the next morning if we could be moved and we were given the keys to a room on a higher floor which was lighter, larger and quieter. We were much happier with this room and with the hotel's responsiveness to our requests. My younger daughter lost one of her dolls during our stay and the staff were very helpful in helping us look for it.The rest of our stay passed without further incident and we were very satisfied with the quality of service we received. The hotel itself is pleasantly furnished and seems reasonably good value for downtown San Francisco. It's handy for shopping and there are two BART stations nearby. We enjoyed the branch of Lori's diner down the street.I would definitely stay at the Hotel Rex again, just try to avoid arriving on a Sunday ... and room 202.	
Nov 22 2005	Great boutique hotel!	This charming boutique hotel was delightful from the moment of arrival to the moment of departure. It is very easy to get to by car and we used the valet so our car was whisked away for the duration of our stay. The hotel is conveniently located so we walked everywhere. The hotel has a european feel with very good design elements everywhere. The color choices were unusual, elegant, and restful. Painted lampshades were everywhere which gave the halls and the rooms a whimsical feel. Our room was smallish but not crowded or crushed in feeling. Our bath was large...almost too vacant compared to the room. We were on the interior side of the building which was quiet - no view of course, but views are readily abundant in the city. I liked the wine in the lobby each evening. The lobby is like a private club - very nice and inviting. I will stay at the Hotel Rex again...in fact, this is now &quot;our&quot; hotel!	
Nov 16 2005	Good value for the money	My wife and I stayed here for weekend shopping trip to the city, and were very satisfied. It is close to Union Square shopping, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the rooms are good--firm beds and hot powerful showers. Like most rooms in SF, the quarters are tight, especially in the bathrooms. Our only caveat is that we stayed in a room facing the street, and the night noise was a little disturbing. One night they were doing some street repairs, but that is something the hotel has no control over. Overall, a good choice, especially considering the price.	
Nov 9 2005	Best Bet in San Fran!	My wife and I traveled all the way from the Bahamas to San Francisco for a conference/vacation and I can honestly say that we felt at home in the Hotel Rex. Don't let the name fool you, this is no &quot;dog&quot; of a hotel. Rex is actually short for Kenneth Rexroth, a famous poet and author; which not coincidentially, impressionistic art and the literary arts are the themes around this charming French Boutique hotel. The wine reception in the lounge every evening is a great way to relax and gear up for dinner and an evening on the town. Cafe Andree, (named after Rexroth's wife, Andree Dutcher) in the hotel serves excellent food. The business center, which is more like a private study, is a plus for travelers wishing to stay in touch but not wanting to drag a laptop around with them. The hotel was clean and housekeeping was excellent. However the staff played the best part of our trip. The staff not only answered any questions, but offered concierge services in prediction of when we would need them. I have stayed in four and five star hotels that could have their staff take a lesson from the staff at the Rex. I really hope that this trend continues with their staff (according to other reviews I have read on the Rex, I think this is expected to continue). The parent company of this hotel, Joie de Vivre Hospitality, should be proud. Thank you to all the staff. You all made this such a great experience. I'll see you next time I am in San Francisco.Sincerely,Chris L.	
Nov 5 2005	Warning for priceline bidders!	I won a priceline bid for two rooms at the Hotel Rex, bidding several months before our stay. I immediately called the hotel with my confirmation number, and they confirmed that we were booked for two rooms, each with one queen bed. Upon arrival at the room, the other couple in our party had no trouble checking in - getting a nice roome on the 7th floor with a queen bed. But when we tried to check in to the other room, they could find no record of our reservation - which, of course, should have been impossible given that I bid for both rooms at one time. When I tried to explain as much, the desk clerk actually told me to calm down. I have to figure that he's not long for this line of work when his first reaction to a screw-up by the hotel is to tell the customer to calm down. Once they managed to determine that we actually did have a reservation, they stuck us in tiny room on the second floor with one double bed. It was conveniently located just TWO steps from both the stairs and the elevator, so we could hear everyone coming and going. The single-pane glass in the windows also allowed us to hear everything that was going on in the street below, and the second floor location put is right at eye level with the street lights, so that it was nice and bright in our room all night long.Morals of the story- hope that you don't &quot;win&quot; this hotel through priceline- calling ahead to confirm your reservation doesn't actually mean that your reservation will exist when you get there.- If they do lose your reservation, you're not allowed to have any reaction to the situation.- don't book this hotel at all for more than one person if you are not fine with the idea of ending up with a double bed.- If you do end up in this hotel anyway, try to pursuede the desk clerk to put you on a high floor, as I'm sure this would help immensly with the noise and light from the street.	
Oct 27 2005	Very Pleasant Hotel	I booked The Hotel Rex due to the reviews on this website.Booking this hotel over the telephone was sheer pleasure. The gentleman was incredibly helpful and answered all my questions accurately and quickly.Walking to the hotel, I had misgivings about the amount of traffic outside it, which is very centrally located. I had requested a quiet room, being a very light sleeper with long-haul jet-lag thrown in. I was given a room on the 6th floor facing the road. However, the traffic noise that high up did not bother me at all and it is much quieter at night.The check-in staff were very friendly, knowledgeable and professional. And had our tickets for the SFMOMA at the ready and answered our queries about where to go etc. and provided a map and reminded us about the complimentary evening glass of wine.The room itself looked slightly run-down but I gather by SF standards (it is a 3 star hotel) the place was really quite good. The bed and pillows were cosy and comfortable and the room was very well cleaned every day and Aveda toileteries were renewed every day. You do not need to raid the expensive mini-bar and nibbles as a great cafes can be found further up and down Sutter St. Breakfast in the cafe next door was included in our booking. Good value for money and an alternative to the meat-packed American breakfast was provided for me. However, on the second day, breakfast took about 30 mins to arrive and was cold and as the front door was kept open, I wish I had put on my coat before sitting at the table.I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay here again. In summary, the staff outshine the very slightly run-down decor of this vibrant, central and excellent hotel. The SFMOMA package is particularly good.	
Oct 12 2005	Rex was best!!!	Hotel Rex -- 562 Sutter St. -- downtown SFOFor a small hotel in a &quot;hotbed&quot; of hotels in San Francisco, I was never treated better than at the Hotel Rex. From the moment of check-in, this was a &quot;southern hospitality&quot; experience for a southern boy. The location is great.....The staff at the desk, the service staff, in fact, all the people there made me feel as if I was home. My wife, the food person, made me aware of the restaurant -- and it was excellent! Me, the beverage person, loved the people and the staff at the bar -- the music on Friday nights was great.As I said in my letter to them --- the best thing I can say is ... &quot;I'll be back!&quot;	
Oct 4 2005	Charmed by the Hotel Rex	My husband and I spent our anniversary at the Hotel Rex near Union Square in San Francisco. It was in a great location, right in the center of everything and yet when we stepped inside it was quiet and calm. The interior was rich and full of books and artwork. And the staff was helpful, quick and friendly. They all knew it was our anniversary and so we got special treatment. Two free glasses of champagne at the bar, an upgrade to a suite on the 7th floor, and a bottle of champagne and tray of snacks with a special note to welcome us. All this special treatment helped to make our weekend memorable.	
Oct 1 2005	Touch of European flavor	If you want to touch of European flavor and flair, stay here! My wife and I have traveled in Europe for more than 35 years from the Arctic Circle, to Spain, to Greece and points in between staying in hostels, hotels, dumps, and dives, and luxurious too. Walking into the Rex was definitely a pleasure of sights, sounds, and style remniscent of the European attention to small but disctinct pleasures of life that simple cannot be experienced in the typical large &quot;cookie cutter&quot; chain of hotels that dominate the landscape of accommodations domestically; small and intimate is nice!Interestly enough, a large contingency of Scandinavian physcians was staying at the Rex too.We enjoyed the complimentary wine in the evening and a great egg scrambler in the morning at the Cafe Andree (a French-Latino cuisine fusion).	
Sep 25 2005	We Could Live at The Rex!	What makes a great hotel experience? In my opinion it's the personal comfort level, the suitability of the accomodations for your purpose as well as exemplary customer service, the kind of service that anticipates your needs and fulfills them graciously.My business partner and I meet in SF several times a year for a few days. Three years ago we lucked upon the Hotel Rex. The remodeling wasn't complete and things were a little crazy but our room was perfect cozy for hanging out and business planning - spacious, with arty literary furnishings - and the staff bent over backwards to compensate for any inconvenience. We had forgotten toothpaste and there was none at the front desk - oh well - a knock on our door came shortly after and there stood the hotel night manager who had brought us his own toothpaste!We were hooked! Since then, remodeling complete, the Rex has turned into our cosmopolitan home-away-from-home- we have stayed there 10+ times. The restaurant is fabulous, the menu is smallish, but the food is impeccable; the bar and downstairs lounge perfect for relaxing and entertaining clients; the staff has had very little turnover and they remember us by name and treat us like family.The Rex is a boutique hotel - not a slick, high-end, luxury hotel. If that's what you crave, try The W or the St. Francis - both are wonderful. But if you want a place to kick your shoes off that's close to a perfect location for ambling around The City that will leave you refreshed and happy, the Hotel Rex is the place to be.	
Sep 22 2005	Friendly 	The staff is both friendly and helpful. The location is fantastic. Several coffee houses close by and very close to Union Square. The parking was very good. The wine hour was a special treat. Small room, but who spends much time in a room in San Francisco. The CD player with CD's was a nice touch. Access to 101 and 280 very easy. We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 20 2005	Adore this hotel!!	I stayed at the Rex during my first visit to San Francisco and absolutely loved it! The location is excellent, the service warm and reliable and the hotel very comfortable and stylish. Check this one out if you appreciate unique hotels with loads of character.	
Aug 31 2005	Charming convenient nice price	A boutique hotel with an artistic flair in a great location in the heart of San Fran. Loved the wine happy hour, Aveda products, bath robes and clean, unique rooms with CD player. Staff was friendly and attentive. We had hot water problems in our room both days there, but the staff was quick to try and resolve them, which they did successfully. (Apparently, they had to hit some switch (each day) to activate our hot water). Our room was small, and had no view, but the price was really quite good. Slight smell of smoke in our non-smoking room.	
Aug 19 2005	Great place in Union Square!	My husband and I stayed here for the last weekend of our honeymoon. What a beautiful hotel! The entire staff was accomodating with anything we needed from the moment we walked in the door. The rooms are a little small, but nicely decorated, clean and comfortable. I highly recommend breakfast at Cafe Andree...delicious! SF is my favorite city and when I return I will stay here again. The location is fabulous!	
Aug 17 2005	A wonderful place	This is a wonderful place to stay, the staff is very friendly and helpful, location is wonderful and the powell is not even a block away. Rooms are very clean with turn down service and aveda toiletries that where wonderfull, this is a very quiet quaint hotel... I love it and would stay again.	
Aug 6 2005	Benchmark in Hospitality	My fiancee and I flew down to SF from Canada and were extremely impressed with the decorum and class of this hotel. From the elevator completely covered in pages from old books, the complimentary Aveda shampoo (my fiancee was particularly fond of this), timely valet service, and exemplary service, staying at Hotel Rex made our stay in SF a flawless experience. Based on price, hospitality, and location, I would highly recommend this hotel my closest friends and not hesitate to stay there again.Jim GintherSaskatoon, SK, Canada	
Aug 3 2005	Hotel Rex was Wonderful	I usually make my hotel reservations through Priceline. I did not know what to expect when I arrived at the Hotel Rex. When I arrived, the hotel staff was wonderful. The girl at the front desk was friendly and very informative. She told me all about the hotel and the area. My room was very clean and my bed was comfortable. After I unpacked, I went back down to the lobby and relaxed with a complementary glass of wine. The front desk gave me a map of the area. I was thrilled that I did not have to use my car to get around. I was within walking distance to everywhere that I wanted to go. China Town was only two blocks away. I only had to walk one block to catch a trolly car. There were great places to eat and lots of places to shop in the area. Overall, I had a great time at the Hotel Rex. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 3 2005 	We loved the Hotel Rex	My fiance and I stayed at the Rex at the end of July, and had a great experience. I was attending a conference around the corner at the Westin on Union Square, which was a bit too pricey, even with the conference rate discount. We booked a room through the Hotel Rex website, and managed to get a deluxe queen for 119.00/night with a choice of free breakfast or parking. Since we rarely eat breakfast, and most hotels in the area charge at least 35-40/day for parking, we opted for the latter. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. They were happy to check us in a few hours early (we were exhausted from a very early morning flight from DC), and seemed like a jolly bunch. The room was on the small side (typical in city hotels), but perfectly adequate, with a wardrobe/closet, desk, minibar, chair, and very comfortable queen-sized bed. (Great cotton bedding, too.) Though it wasn't really hot enough for A/C, we'd just left a heat wave in DC and were in the mood to be COLD, and the room's window unit did the trick. (I don't usually care much for window A/C units, but this one was new and worked really well without being too loud.) The room's decor was charming; interesting art in the room and bathroom, unusual lamps, and a just a wonderful uniqueness to the place. Very appealing and cozy. The bathroom was older, but perfectly functional and spacious. Nice thick towels and Aveda tolietries are a welcome touch. The room was extremely quiet--we never heard any other guests, though the place was fully booked--and every staff member we dealt with, from the check-in staff to the bartender to the maid, was friendly. There's a very cute little bar called the Vicious Circle (the hotel has a literary theme) downstairs, and guests are invited to have a free glass of wine between 5 and 6 each night. We didn't eat in the restaurant, but the menu looked interesting and affordable, and the place seemed to be doing a very good business. We would definitely stay there again. The location is excellent and the room was great. It's a charming place. (The Theatre Too cafe across the street has great morning coffee and cheap internet access, and we had a delicious lunch at the Cafe Persimmon next door to the Rex. There are loads of bars, restaurants, coffeehouses, diners, and shops in the immediate area--it's in the heart of the theatre district--so it's very convenient. Enjoy!)	
Jul 23 2005	Great value 	There's no doubt that for a great value in the Union Square area, you can't really go wrong with this hotel. That being said - the other reviews for this hotel seem a little overdone. Sure, this is a nice little place, but it's not all THAT nice, and we were just a touch let down after reading all these reviews.The public spaces in the hotel are pretty dark and a little worn on the edges, and you can tell that it's an old buildling. Athough it's been redone, the dark lobby/bar area look like it was once a hip and cool hangout that's a little past its prime. Still, it's a nice enough place to get a drink and sit.Our room was clean and comfortable, and had some of the kitschy touches that we look for out of the Joie de Vivre and Kimpton hotel chains. For whatever reason, the room had a slight bizarre odor to it - almost like it was once a smoker's room that was never aerated fully. The bed was VERY comfortable, and the homey bathroom looked like it could have been in someone's house rather than a hotel. Overall, the fixtures in the room are nothing special and for some reason, we were expecting a little bit ... newer? nicer? But given the price of our room, we had no right to expect more. This was a GREAT value, and while I'd probably try another hotel if I was in the area again, I do recommend it for anyone looking for a Union Square room under $150 per night.	
Jul 22 2005	Great little hotel	Our first trip to SF, I chose the Hotel Rex based largely upon the reviews on this site, and we were not disappointed. The location, as many other reviewers have mentioned, is excellent. Close enough to Union Square to be easy and convenient, yet enough on the edge of the neighborhood to be quiet and non-bustling. The artsy, literary motif is pleasant and relaxing, the room cozy and inviting. Jazz CDs in the room were a nice touch, the decor is interesting and attractive, and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've experienced in any hotel. We didn't interact too much with the staff, though they were helpful and friendly whenever we engaged them. The onsite restaurant served a great breakfast, though we didn't eat dinner there based on the limited menu.No place is perfect... I can easily overlook the tiny elevator, the noisy air conditioner, and the sound of garbage trucks in the street at 7 am, but I do have one complaint.... Note to staff: Please clean up the pile of cigarette butts on the fire escape outside the bathroom window. I'm coming back next year to make sure you've done this!!	
Jul 20 2005	Wonderful excellent perfect loved it.	Hi everybody:I have never taken the time to write a review but Hotel Rex deserves it. I live in Mexico, and anybody who's been there knows Mexico has excellent service so I like to be treated well. I went with my parents so we stayed at one of the two suites the hotel has, it was incredibly large, the beds were wonderful, the pillows were excellent, the service ohhh my God, the concierge was excellent at getting us reservations for dinner every night on short notice like for the Zuni Cafe and the really nice places. Breakfast at Cafe Andree is delicious, well any time you eat there is great, turn down service every night, complementary wine every night, really attentive staff. I can't even begin to tell you how we enjoyed our stay there, the decoration is ecclectic and somewhat odd but it's fun. The hotel is conveniently located a block away from Union Square, in the middle of the theatre district, close to everything. My parents and I reccomend it to everybody!! Hotel Rex is a sure bet for a great stay in San Francisco!	
Jul 14 2005	Excellent experience!	This was the cutest hotel! My husband and I stayed there for a weekend get away for our anniversary. I loved the literary theme, and the decor was nice. The rooms are a little small, but this is common in SF. They were very clean and I loved the two jazz cd's they provided in the room. The restaurant is magnificent -- I highly recommend the portobello mushroom eggs benedict thing.	
Jul 7 2005	Pretty Good	Finding a hotel in SF is tough. I saw the good reviews here and gave it a try. The price was ok, but bear in mind the parking fee is $40/night. As this is typical in SF, I didn't get too upset about this. I later found that they parked my car on some street (covered in dew, flower petals), so someone got a pretty good deal on that! The room was small, but clean, looked like it had recently been remodeled. The location is the key selling point. About 3 blocks from Union Square, 3 blocks from Chinatown gate, and a pretty safe nighttime walk in either direction. We were on the 2nd floor, and I must admit there was considerable street noise (glass bottle recycling seemed to occur both mornings of our stay), but hey, what do you expect in a downtown hotel? We didn't spend much time in the hotel other than sleeping, but the staff seemed nice, the restaurant looked good.	
Jul 6 2005	Excellent stay at a great price	We stayed at the Hotel Rex for a weekend getaway and were very impressed. The staff was outstanding, assisting us with all our requests. The Rex Hotel is located central to everything you would want to see either by foot or on San Francisco's famous trolleys. The only reason I would not give this Hotel top billing is the rooms are slightly smaller than other more modern hotels but the price is a whole lot smaller so well worth the minor comprimise. The Rex is styled in a 1920s literary lounge and it fulfills that ambiance exquisitely with a quiet lounge/bar area hosting a nightly wine tasting. The Rex Hotel was a big part of making our short trip one of the best weekend excursions my wife and I have taken, and we've been on quite a few. I would highly recommend this hotel to couples looking to have a wonderful getaway with nice ambiance and a great location to do anything in town. As you have probably heard in other reviews, leave the car at home if possible and don't bother renting. Parking is expensive and public transportation or cabs are a better deal.	
Jul 5 2005	better than we expected	The Rex Hotel was excellent. We usually stay at another boutique or the hyatt, but when I called the hotel direct, the gentleman gave me a great rate, an excellent and quiet room, and wonderful service. When we arrived we were welcomed with smiles and wine for our anniversary. We loved everything about this place.	
Jun 27 2005	The best stay in San Francisco	We have just spent a night at Hotel Rex for our 2 year anniversary and it was the best anniversary we have ever had. The hotel is magnificent and there service was out of this world. We had such a lovely evening that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel. Our room was so beautifully and the attention to detail was incredible that it felt as if you entered another world. As they new it was our anniversary the room had a little packages filled with chocolates and Champaign that was great.The hotel made reservation for us in there restaurant Café Andre. The restaurant features Franco-Latino cuisine and the experience was undesirable. The food is some of the best I have ever had and the quality and taste was incredible. The restaurant is not that big so the intimacy of the evening was an experience that will always stay with me. I would definitely recommend The Hotel Rex to anyone that was to see what the other side of live it likes. The hotel has such a warm ambiance and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Thank you for a great evening.	
Jun 27 2005	A great little hotel	The Rex is a delightful boutique hotel, very well located a couple of blocks away from Union Square. We had a King Executive room which was spacious and very comfortable. The room was equipped with all the usual amenities, and the decor was funky &amp; interesting. Staff at the hotel were very friendly and attentive. All in all, a great place to stay for anyone wanting a centrally located hotel at a sensible price. One minor niggle, it could take up to 30 minutes to get your car back from valet parking, although in fairness to the hotel, they made that very clear at check-in.	
Jun 21 2005 	Very nice boutique hotel!	Hotel Rex was a nice hotel for us to stay at this past week. The front desk and concierge were very friendly. The room did not have a view, but the bed and the overall accommodation was perfect!Highly recommended--a 4-star property!	
Jun 21 2005	Hotel Rex is great	My husband and I have stayed at the Hotel Rex in San Francisco twice. Both times we were very happy with everything about the hotel. It isin a great location in Union Square; there are art galleries on the samestreet and it is an easy walk to Chinatown.The rooms are very clean, the beds are very comfortable, and the art anddecor are beautiful. There is an elegant bar in the lounge.The attached restaurant/bistro is excellent. The food is delicious but isnot as expensive as what is in large luxury chain hotels.The staff members provide one-page guides to walks, shopping, food, etc. in the city. Using one of these guides, we went on a great walk throughNorth Beach to the hills above the Embarcadero on our first visit. Thisis a great hotel with friendly staff and lots of character.	
Jun 15 2005 	Dreadful! Stay elsewhere!	My phone did not work. My air conditioner did not work. My TV remote did not work. I was put in a smoking room. The bartender was exceptionally rude. I waited more than an hour for my room service. The food was nasty. A drunk woman was passed out in the hallway (I'm not making this up!). Nicole, at the front desk, was unconcerned and completely indifferent. The only bright spot was John, at the concierge desk. His timely assistance and great sense of humor, maid my stay tolerable.	
Jun 10 2005	Who wrote those glowing reviews????	I think they must have been written by someone who works there. They cannot have spent an entire night there.It begins when you have to drag your suitcase UP the front stairs to get into the hotel (no luggage ramp). Don't bring your whole family because you won't fit on the elevator.I had to have housekeeping change the entire bed because there were stains on every bit of linen. And I'm up writing this review at midnight because my room is so dusty my throat is closing.Yes, I tried to check out. They told me they would charge me for the room anyway. Clearly they don't care if you're happy once you're here.The decor is ecclectic -- which is fine. But if you're tired, it isn't the most calming environment.Yes, you may get a good rate on the room, but be aware they will charge you nearly $40 a night to park. In all fairness that is typical of S.F.But I really feel it should be disclosed.The Hotel Rex was not my idea of the ideal place to stay, but I'm just one in an entire series of &quot;glowing reviews&quot;.	
Jun 5 2005	Great Accomodations!	My wife and I had a fabulous time at the Rex Hotel in San Francisco.The hotel was very intimate and quaint and the decor was done up extremely well...it gave it a very homey feeling.The hotel personnel there were very accomodating and very friendly!The location was great...everywhere we wanted to go was so close that we could walk or catch a short cab or cable ride.The CD player in the room as well as the honor bar were very nice to have.We loved the wine get togethers each night...the bar took on a really nice family feeling where all the hotel guests were lounging around and relaxingThe complimentary &quot;Golden Gate Greeters&quot; program was the highlight of our stay...we could not believe how tailor made the tour was based on our personal tastes. Our guide Rick was excellent and really made us feel at home...he answered all of our questions and gave us a great historic perspective of this great city!Chuck &amp; Akemi from Honolulu, Hawaii	
Jun 4 2005	Highly recommended hotel!	This hotel provides great service and amenities! They took care of us from restaurant reservations to storing our luggage while we went sightseeing.Highly recommended hotel!	
May 28 2005 	Great Location!	Hotel REX provides great location! It's half a block from the cable car line.I recommend this hotel to shoppers and for people who wants to feel the beat of the City. I loved the unique style, decor and service of the Rex. Highly recommended!!!!	
May 26 2005	Great Stay Great Hotel	Recently stayed at Hotel Rex for a friend's wedding. The Hotel is located near Union Square and within walking distance to all the main spots of San Fran. The hotel was small, cozy, and quaint. The service was exceptional, from the people at the front desk to the bell hop, anything that we needed was taken care of. A nice touch was that they offer a car service to the airport (which is cheaper then a taxi). I would consider staying at this hotel the next time I visit San Francisco.	
May 23 2005	It's a charming hotel	The Hotel Rex is as delightful and charming as the photos on the website. The hotel is smaller than I had expected, but this created a warm and friendly feeling. The hotel staff was excellent, and Cafe Andre was a pleasant surprise. We had to remind ourselves that there were other restaurants in San Francisco! One big bonus -- the rooms were very quiet. If you have a chance, take advantage of their Golden Gate Greeters Program. We had the best time with our guide. I've attached a couple of photos of the interior of City Hall, which was one of the buildings we toured with him. We would have no hesitation staying here again or recommending The Hotel Rex to our friends.	
May 21 2005	Rex is the place to stay!	My girlfriend and i just got back from our stay at the Rex. Live jazz, free wine, great amenities--this is the best place to stay!	
May 13 2005 	Great Hotel!	Awesome Hotel!!!!!!	
May 10 2005 	Great hotel in S.F.	Just got back from San Francisco and enjoyed my stay at this boutique hotel called, &quot;Hotel Rex.&quot; It's located on Union Square, near the shopping district and theatres. The hotel has a great lobby and they offer complimentary wine hour every night. The best thing is that they provided a home away from home to me.	
Apr 28 2005 	Perfect!	I stayed at the Rex for 3 nights and thought it was wonderful! Friendly staff, quiet room even though it faced onto Sutter Street, huge comfy bed, and only a few steps away from Union Square. Didn't try any of the hotel facilities but would definitely recommend it!	
Apr 27 2005	Very happy with our stay	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Rex. We had originally planned to stay at the Serrano but found a great last minute deal on Travelocity for the Rex. I am glad we ended up at the Rex, especially liked the location. Our last visit was at the Warwick (which was good w/kids because we had a small &quot;suite&quot;). The Warwick area is definately on the fringe! The Serrano is even more on the fringe...the Rex is only a couple of blocks away but feels much safer. We enjoyed the hotel. The rooms were extremely clean. Beds comfie and we had an A/C. Our view was looking into a bricked up courtyard (no view!) but it did give us a really quiet room &amp; lots of privacy. The front desk is friendly but maybe not so knowledgeable on places to go (this includes restaurants, shopping, transporation issues). We did enjoy the lounge &amp; the afternoon wine. Cafe Andre was really good &amp; very reasonable! Had a great breakfast. Went to Dotties for breakfast - it didn't seem as good as last time we were there. Took the BART from SFO. That was easy &amp; so cheap! We had to leave on the 6am BART &amp; I was kind of nervous since it was so dark out but no problems at all. Highly recommend the BART. Also...had dinner at a fantastic place called Cafe Zuni. So good!!! and a fun vibe. We took the bus there but cabbed it back to the hotel. Other good places: Marios Bohemian Cigar in North Beach. Had a quick drink &amp; split a foccacia sandwich. Very good. We took the ferry to Sausalito. Nice trip; avoid Scomas (sp?) as it was overpriced &amp; fair food, at best. Went to the Thirsty Bear: good beer, ok food; Pipperade is a great small place on Battery Street - we enjoyed our evening there. The walk along Union Street is fun as there are lots of cute shops (pricey, though). We had terrific weather so were able to walk most everywhere. Buses were easy, though. Overall, the Rex is a great place. Will stay there again. Good location, great prices, great rooms (not luxe, but clean, cute &amp; comfie), friendly guests &amp; staff....	
Apr 19 2005	Hotel Rex--Best Kept Secret	Shhhhhh.....Hotel Rex is the best kept secret in San Francisco. A hidden gem, quaint, romantic, practical, and truly a home away from home for me. The staff makes you feel at home.	
Apr 17 2005	I Left My Heart in San Francisco....	I fell in love with this hotel...After several weeks of training with my new employer in Los Angeles, I was ready to start calling on my new accounts in San Francisco. In the beginning of a new job so many things are unfamiliar and &quot;new&quot;. I have a new product, a new client base, in a new territory and I am new to San Francisco. A trip like this can be overwhelming and exhausting and sensory overload. What Hotel Rex did for me, was gave me a place with character, charm, comfort and familiarity. I explored the city with every opportunity, and I recharged my soul in the comfort of my wonderful room. I found the decor to be just perfect for the image of the hotel and a great reflection of the city. Hotel Rex has assembled a group of people who love their jobs and do it well. My favorite time is the am, and I loved my delicious breakfast which I had daily in my room as I prepared for yet another &quot;new&quot; day. Thank you,Mike Sand	
Apr 17 2005	Rex is the "KING" of boutique hotels!	I love the Rex! The staff at the front desk and the restaurant are very friendly and efficient. My family and I were staying for three nights and we've never received such personalized service from any other hotels in San Francisco that we stayed before. The high speed internet in the lobby was great! The lobby bar had so much character and they even have live jazz on Friday nights. My only complaint is that the white zone was too small for us to park.Anyway, I highly recommend this boutique hotel. It's the best in the City!	
Apr 10 2005	WOW! The best Hotel experience I've ever had	My wife and I were on our honeymoon in San Francisco and my experience was incredible. My wife booked it through Expedia.com and what really attracted her was the &quot;Modern&quot; look that Hotel Rex had. When we arrived not only was it in an excellent location (just blocks from the shopping stores), but every one of the hotel staff was friendly and ready to answer any and all questions I had. Never rude and always willing to go out of their way to help us. I mentioned to them at the front desk that it was our honeymoon and when we returned from Dinner there was a bottle of complimentary bottle of champagne &amp; a note wishing us well. Very thoughtful. Anyway, what my wife really enjoyed, again, was the modern look and the Aveda Toiletries (shampoo &amp; soaps). And every evening from 5-6p they have a free glass of wine for all guests there. I really can't think of any one negative thing about Hotel Rex. A small hotel with personal service ... can't get any better than that. Next time I go to San Francisco I will be sure to book my reservation at Hotel Rex.	
Apr 7 2005	Royal treatment at Hotel Rex	Just returned from a great stay at the Hotel Rex in San Francisco. Fabulous Art Deco interior touches, great quiet room, helpful staff, and terrific breakfast at Cafe Andree next door...Annie is a gem..ask for a caapucino! Check out the hand painted lampshades, cool prints and original artwork, clubby bar and color scheme. Highly recommended.	
Apr 7 2005	Hotel Rex has the attitude! A positive one!	I just checked out of the Hotel Rex and was blown away by the nice attitude of the staff members, from the room cleaners to the manager! The hotel is located a few blocks from the shopping area. It's a small hotel, but big on amenities. They have a nice lobby bar and a quaint cafe. All staff greeted us every day. The room cleaner had a nice smile. The new manager introduced himself and offered us a choice of newspaper to read in the morning. I'll definitely stay at the Rex again.	
Apr 5 2005	Loved Hotel Rex	My family, two adults and two teenagers, recently stayed at Hotel Rex at 562 Sutter Street in San Francisco. We had a one-bedroom suite with a pullout sofa, one full bath and another half bath. After having driven 10 hours that day and arriving late on Easter night, to be greeted by a very warm and accommodating front desk and bellman was a treat!!!! Not only that, my husband and I were offered a complimentary glass of wine! Our room was very nicely and tastefully decorated with original art work and gorgeous fabrics and linens. After a great night of sleep, we had breakfast in Cafe Andree on the first floor. The fresh croissants and other pastries melted in our mouths. We also welcomed a great pot of coffee. My family and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel Rex and would certainly return again and we will recommend it whole heartedly.	
Apr 5 2005	Great value	Rooms are OK not greatThere are better restauarantsTHE STAFF IS SUBERB. It felt like home.	
Apr 2 2005	The Rex Rocks	The Hotel Rex will always be our first choice when we return to SF, as we plan to as often as possible. The staff were amazing. I think they're lost in another time, a time when people actually took pride in the little touches. Smiles, manners, helpfulness, I truly thought I'd fallen and hit my head and was dreaming:)Rooms: clean clean clean. Having spent the past 15 years of my life hitting NYC for vacations, small rooms don't bother me and frankly, hello, the large bathrooms show that this joint has its priorities in order: walk all day and night up and down those hills and what do you want? A good long soak. Peace and quiet and cool tiles. Plus, the value is terrific.Location: perfect. We walked to everything and when we could no longer walk another step we could at least limp there or cab it for cheap.Restaurant: quite fantastic and we are now hooked on the featured wine for the month...I'm trying to figure out how to move the whole family to the Santa Cruz Mountains without losing income. Hurrah for the Syrah.One tiny gripe: slowwwwwww room service. We had a tour booked for the ungodly hour of 8:30 a.m. on a SUNDAY morning so we pre-ordered room service breakfast. Half an hour late, and not the yummiest food in the world. That said, The Rex coffee is dynamite and I'll forgive a lot if the coffee is good. Just get it to me faster, that's all I ask....Couples straight or gay: this is the place for you. My partner and I have already decided to have our honeymoon at The Rex, just because.	
Mar 30 2005	Great place to stay	The location was GREAT! The staff was very friendly. The rooms were adequate. We would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it. It's a nice change from the big hotels. Happy hour every night from 5-6 was even enjoyed by our kids (who got Shirley Temples and fruit drinks). I checked with tripadvisor as to what other people said about Hotel Rex and I'm glad we picked it.	
Mar 26 2005	The Rex Hotel is the King	Have stayed at the Rex many times and always found the staff friendly, capable and a pleasure to deal with. Great location, on the edge of Union Square, theaters and Chinatown. And no hills to climb! The Rex is funky, fun and don't miss the afternoon wine hour. Special feature are the two suites on the top floor. Can accomodate four guest as both the bedroom and living room are quite large. And the suite contains 1 and 1/2 baths which certainly adds to the comfort. The computer room has two computers, a printer and is rarely busy - and it's all free.	
Mar 25 2005 	Comfort 	My 4 night stay at the Hotel Rex exceeded all expectations. Here is the lowdown:Location - Perfect. The Rex is close to the Theater District and Union Square, but remote enough so that you don't feel like a tourist. Access to cable cars and buses is great. All major downtown sights are an easy walk. Also, the Bart trains are not far; if you don't mind walking 4 blocks and don't have a ton of luggage, I recommend using Bart to get to the Rex from the airport.Atmosphere - Polished and serene, with a european feel minus any &quot;attitude.&quot; My small, immaculate room on the second floor was completely silent - absolutely no view, but I really didn't care becase the decor was lovely and fun. Nice size bathroom too. Somehow, I lucked out and had a window air conditioner, but I am not sure if all rooms have this.Service - Front desk staff are attentive and hardworking. Cafe Andree has great food at surprisingly low prices. Even room service was inexpensive. The business center is convenient (no charge), and my room was promptly cleaned every day.Price - At $175 per night booked on the Rex website, I received a voucher for a full breakfast each morning and tickets to the Asian Art Museum. Well worth it, no regrets.Lastly, if I am not mistaken, the chain that owns the Rex maintains headquarters directly across the street from the hotel. If this serves as an incentive to keep the hotel running smoothly, it sure is working!	
Mar 21 2005 	The Rex is wonderful	The Rex, with its great downtown location and friendly staff, enhances a San Francisco trip, especially if you like jazz. Even though the days I stayed were very busy for the staff, they were consistently pleasant and hard-working. They helped create a friendly, salon-like atmosphere in the hotel lounge. The wine reception every evening added to the feeling of festivity. My room was a little warm, though, so you might want to ask the staff about locating you in a cooler section of the hotel. There you can lie back, enjoy the jazz CD's provided in the room, and feel like a valued guest. By the way, the Andre Restaurant in the hotel serves intereting food at prices most guests will appreciate. The chocolate truffle tower is definitely worth a try!	
Mar 20 2005 	This is where you want to stay!!	My husband and I attended an academic conference and stayed at the Hotel Rex for 3 nights, beginning March 16. We loved this hotel! Pros: It's in the middle of town (about 2 blocks from Union Square) but very quiet! (We recently stayed in New York, at another hotel that was situated in a similar area....it was extremely noisy!). The rooms at the Rex have a lot of character, not &quot;cookie-cutter&quot;, or corporate looking. Housekeeping was great. Everything was spotless. There is a business center off the lobby with 2 computers and a printer. Concierge was excellent. We had called to have him arrange for our transportation to Oakland Airport (a 20-30 minute ride on a Sat morning). We had planned to hire a well-known shuttle service in the area. The concierge told us that the shuttle service we had chosen had a reputation for not showing up and suggested an alternative service that was actually less expensive and more dependable. By the way, Oakland Airport is a great alternative to SF Airport.The Rex will give an additional discount if you find a lower rate than what they offer on their website. We found a lower rate on hotels and they honored the agreement ($114/night!!), no problem.Cons: Just 2 very minor complaints, but just in case anyone cares....it's an old building so the rooms are small, but there is plenty of room for 2 people. Also, they could use a better reading light over the bed (the table lamps don't provide good reading light).The Hotel Rex is the perfect place to stay in San Francisco. I wish they had one in NY!	
Mar 17 2005	A GREAT hotel- one of the best values you will find in SF	This is a rare find- this hotel is incredibly nice, with class and sophistication, in a great location, and yet it is totally affordable. We used to live in San Francisco and whenever people would come visit we would reccommend this hotel. The artwork in the hotel is really neat, the bar downstairs is fun, the staff are very friendly- it kind of feels like you have traveled back in time to a hotel in the 1920's.	
Mar 15 2005 	Charming hotel lovely staff	Very charming hotel with artsy interior, located in the perfect part of town for sightseeing. The staff was extremely helpful and responsive. The room was lovely -- only problem was a wall air conditioner that didn't work very well in that the &quot;low&quot; setting was a full-on cold air blast. The room was stuffy and warm or getting blasted with cold air, so that wasn't so great. Otherwise, comfy bed and loads of amenities. Definitely eat at the hotel's cafe -- delicious high-end fare at incredibly reasonable prices. Loved our stay -- we will come back again... in the winter!	
Mar 14 2005	Great Hotel Fabulous Front Desk Staff	My first visit to the Hotel Rex in downtown San Francisco was fabulous. The hotel is adorable, one block from fabulous Union Square, but the most amazing part was the front desk staff!!!! They were sweet, knowledgeable, and FUN. I felt as if I was home for a holiday visit with family. Great decor...fabulous capuccino in adjoining cafe in the morning...can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel!!Thank you for a great visit Sara H Baltimore MD	
Mar 12 2005	Top marks for the Rex	Stayed 3 nights at the Rex with some guests from Japan and have nothing but positive comments. Excellent rooms, amenities, but above all, as others have written, the staff was superb. 3 different front desk clerks all went above and beyond the call of duty to help me organize sightseeing, shopping, airport transport and dining. One clerk's recommendation for a restaurant in Chinatown was a smash hit for my guests, and I'm sure we would never have found the place on our own. I also found the &quot;study&quot;, with its free, 24-hour computer/internet/printing facilities to be very convenient and useful. Location also perfect for our activities. Highly recommended.	
Mar 11 2005	Old World Charm with all the Amenities	I was traveling to San Francisco for business and I needed to stay in the financial district as the company I was consulting for was at 100 Pine. Walking into the hotel I was instantly transformed to another era. The lobby, bar, and restaurant have old and heavy wood pillars and paneling with dentals around the ceiling. Deep black and red tones accent the rooms. You feel the warmth of the place as a shelter to hustle and bustle of downtown. The rooms are comfy and include all the amenities you expect from a major hotel. The hotel includes a free ride to the office in the AM. Hotel Rex offers all this in a price that you would expect to be higher. Stay at the Rex, you won't be disappointed.	
Mar 7 2005	comfortable room great location	We just stayed at the Hotel Rex for two nights. Room was smallish (had a queen &quot;promo rate&quot; room from quikbook) but very comfortable -- appealing and interesting decor, spotless room and bathroom. Had a room in back, so no view, but it was extremely quiet -- slept great. Decent (but not luxe) bed linens, but great down pillows and down comforter. The CD player and CDs in room were a nice touch, as were the Aveda products. The room also had a well stocked mini bar, but we didn't touch it -- there's a Walgreen's a block away. Valet parking is available at the hotel for $30/day, but I had read that the Sutter/Stockton garage (2 blocks away) went for $18/day, but it was actually was $25/day, so the valet parking is comparable. Check-in/out was quick and the staff were pleasant and efficient. Complimentary wine hour was OK -- mediocre wine but pleasant lobby/&quot;library&quot;. Overall, I thought the Rex was a good value and I would stay there again and recommend it to others. Places we ate at that I highly recommend: House of Nanking (Chinatown), Sears Fine Foods for breakfast and John's Grill (Union Sq.), Neptune's Palace (Pier 39).	
Feb 17 2005	Best Customer Service	I just booked a mid week night at the Rex Hotel to surprise my husband for his birthday. We live in San Francisco, so we've never actually stayed in a hotel here. It couldn't have been a better experience. The hotel room was perfect, included CDs of local performing jazz musicians, excellent pillows (by big criteria). It was charming and quaint - not a cookie cutter room. They comped us 2 glasses of champagne! Great price - great time. Just a great experience all around.Highly recommend it. Can't wait to have friends and family comeand visit.	
Jan 28 2005	comfortable and convenient	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Rex for her birthday and the enjoyable experience we had made the occasion even more special. My wife uses her wheelchair in our room, and though the room was a little small, she had no problem wheeling into the bathroom or using the shower. The king-sized bed was comfortable, and the room was clean and welcoming. best of all, for anyone who has been annoyed by traffic noise when staying in the Union Square area, our room was quiet and peaceful and we had two of the best nights' sleep in a hotel that we ever had (we did have a room toward the back of the hotel, the ones near the street might be noisier). The staff was helpful and friendly to a fault, and the breakfast at Cafe Andree located in the hotel itself was wonderful. Except fot the size of the room, i would have given Hotel Rex 5 stars. Located only one block from Union Square, the area has great restraunts and eclectic shopping opportunities. Don't use the valet parking($39 a day), instead park at the Sutter/Stockton garage (two blocks away $36 for two days). Good job Joie de Vivre group, this hotel is a winner. Jim Myers	
Jan 24 2005	Wonderful place to stay	I had to make a last minute trip to San Francisco and discovered the Hotel Rex on line. It's hard to know what you'll get sometimes that way -- pictures can lie. In this case I was not disappointed. The place is good-looking, comfortable and clean, the staff are friendly, kind and helpful (I was late checking in but the complimentary wine hour was extended for me) the location is central. Most places you'd want to go are walking distance. The room was quiet. My room didn't have a view but I was actually grateful for that -- facing the street can mean endless noise and if I want a view I can walk outside and get one. It was nice to be able to sleep in without the sound of traffic. I whole-heartedly recommend the Rex.	
Jan 16 2005	Good Location	Stayed at the Rex in early January 2005. Very convenient location near Union Square and near lots of art galleries. The staff are friendly and our room was clean. The room was a bit on the small side, but similar to a size you would get in Europe.The room faced an alley, but that was okay because it made it quiet at night. The hotel is probably better sealed against noise. There's no parking in the immediate location, but there are garages a block away. One of the cheaper parking garages is the Sutter/Stockton garage two blocks away.One thing the hotel does need to do is better enforce the no parking area just in front of their door. It's supposed to be for unloading/loading of luggage for guests, but there were cars parked there all the time. But the hotel staff were nice enough to go around the block where I had stopped to help with luggage.	
Jan 4 2005	Hotel Rex...wonderful!!	My husband and I were wed on October 16th and flew to San Francisco for our honeymoon. After a thorough search for the perfect hotel was complete, I kept coming back to Hotel Rex as our best choice; we were not disappointed. the front desk was very helpful and gave us a warm welcome. They helped us in planning some of our daily excursions. The nightly wine tasting was big on my list, but we only made it back to the hotel for one night! Even though we were late getting back that afternoon, they still gave us our complimentary glass of wine.The rooms are quite plush, and a turn down service was given each evening. The room service was exceptional as well; you must try the grasslands buger! We also had the opportunity to dine in the quaint bistro by the lobby. My only complaint is that there is no coffee maker in the room. You must go to the restaurant to buy coffee each morning. I think it should be included in your stay. Otherwise... it was beautiful.Also, if booking on line, you can't get a king size bed. I booked a queen and then called the Rex to upgrade. They took care of this w/out a glitch.We would stay here again when visiting. Beware of the picketers on the streets. When we were there, disgruntled hotel employees were loudly picketing in front of the big hotels. I'm told the smaller hotels are up next for the contracts....check on this before booking	
Jan 2 2005	My favorite Hotel anywhere!	I travel to San Francisco quite frequently and have for decades. Hotel Rex is my favorite hotel anywhere. This boutique hotel has the best staff anywhere too. They sent the bellman out to run 7 blocks to the local Godiva to buy me chocolate covered strawberries and then he came to my room, embarressedly sang me happy birthday and gave me the strawberries. I will never forget this. I'm sure not everyone gets this type of extraordinary service on their birthday but I had a party of people staying there. Ever since, all the staff from the reservationist to the valet have remembered me! But I have been told by the staff there of the extraordinary lengths they will go to make the guests stay perfect, and you just would not believe it. One desk clerk went home to get her baby carrier for a guest because they had forgotten theirs! They are trained to go that extra mile and they do! The rooms have down comforters and a great decor of muted Lauren type linens. The rooms all include a CD player and they supply you with a nice jazz CD if you forgot yours. Breakfast downstairs at the Cafe Andre is superb and the brioche french toast out of this world!!! The lobby is extraordinary with a gorgeous bar at one end. Everything is done to perfection. For the price you just cannot go wrong! Highly recommended by someone who goes often. (Now that you all know I hope I can still get a room!)	
Dec 28 2004	Fantastic hotel	the hotel is located in a wonderful area, you can reach many interesting shops, galleries and restaurants in walking distance. the staff is exeptional and helped us by our wedding-preperations. friendly, patience and never tired of trying to please us completely - we have been given the feeling that everything was taking care of and the atmosphere was great - an oasis inside this great living city! the rooms are clean, lovely decorated with the most comfortable bed &amp; pillows....PERFECT. you will never regret you stayed here... :).....try it, you wont be dissapointed.	
Dec 24 2004	Loved it!	Great staff! Clean rooms! Excellent location!Although the rooms might be a little small the other benefits, I believe, outweigh this fact. The staff was very knowledgeable and the concierge was able to quickly locate for us an excellent Nepali restaurant, which my Nepali girlfriend absolutely loved! The staff felt friendly and welcoming and I believe this makes a large difference in clearing headaches for a wonderful trip. They are located in Union Square about 4-5 blocks away from Marketplace St. Also Chinatown is about 5 min. walk away. If you don't want to taxi, the MUNI can get you anywhere fairly quickly throughout san fransico until 6:30 pm. Anyway, blablabla.... I recommend this hotel.	
Dec 8 2004	A quaint  small boutique hotel with EXCELLENT SERVICE.	Was looking for a boutique hotel with some style and flavor as the larger company hotels are very blase. This boutique hotel had excellent service. The rooms were small, but very quaint. The bathrooms were immaculate, the bedsheets were very nice, and the toiletries were adequate. We were able to stay in 2 rooms over our 4 night stay since the last night were able to get a cancellation and not have to leave (they were pretty booked that w/e) Again the service was excellent. If if wasn't for the great service, we would not have gotten another room at last minute..as well as good restaurant recommendations..The downstairs lounge and restaurant is just like the pictures show. A 1930s speak-easy(sp) jazzy type feel which was very relaxing to wait in or have drinks with freiends. Close to Union Square but far enough not to be barraged by the tourists and the noise. I would recommend this hotel...Very well priced and a thumbs up if you're looking for a good value boutique hotel!An added bonus is that the larger hotels are all local Union workers, and it turns out they were striking that week. Man were they loud - as well as harassing these poor tourist visitors who had no clue that they booked during time of strike. Luckily - the Rex is not Union ran, so we did not have to hear or deal with the strikers.Stayed from 9/30/04 to 10/2/04	
Nov 24 2004	Great service great feel	The internet booking co. we used screwed up our reservation and the hotel was sold out. But before we could even get upset, they found us a room. Cute rooms. Nice linens. Aveda products are a nice bonus.	
Nov 14 2004	A really good feel about it	I stayed in this hotel for a week in early November. Check in was slow as the friendly sole person on reception kept being interrupted by the telephone. The room I was assigned was on the 7th floor and was very attractive and cosy. However it had NO air conditioning, just a tiny black plastic fan, and being on the top floor it was stuffy. I upgraded to an Executive King which was larger and had air conditioning. I found the rooms very attractively and cosily decorated with warm vibrant colours. The high speed internet access worked a treat and the toiletries were Aveda. Service was at all times very friendly and seemed genuinely so. You get a free glass of wine in the inviting bar between 5 and 6pm. NO tea or coffee making facilities in the room was a bore, and room service was slow (over 30mins and 2 calls to get a pot of tea) and the one meal I ordered was luke warm. Noise from adjoining rooms (and above) sometimes seemed intrusive.Overall despite my criticisms I would say that the friendliness, literary historic styling, location and general FEEL of this hotel outweigh its shortcomings and I would definitely recommend it (providing you get an air conditioned room!).	
Nov 4 2004	Colourful and comfortable	Stayed for 4 nights in September. Good central location, clean room (if not slightly on a slant!) and good bathroom. Breakfast not complementary (so cannot comment). Fast free internet in a study room on ground floor. Staff polite and helpful. Recommended.	
Sep 18 2004	Consistently good	Great location, great staff, charming hotel. Just returned from our third stay at the Hotel Rex and it has become our favorite hotel in S.F. as the St. Francis is too expensive anymore. Park the car and you can walk to great restaurants, shopping, etc. The staff is professional and friendly and the decor is stylish and upbeat. You get the feeling that the management cares about your stay and wants to earn your business.	
Sep 6 2004	Literary Gem	We just returned home from a stay at the Hotel Rex. The experience was terrific. The staff was one of the most professional and attentive that I have ever experienced. The hotel itself has a European, literary feel to to it and is in a great location--just a block and a half from Union Square, yet removed from the hubbub of Powell Street. My wife and I plan to make the Hotel Rex our base in future trips to San Francisco.	
Sep 2 2004	Staff was superb!	Staff was superb! We stayed here for 5 nights. Never having been to San Francisco, the staff was very helpful with directions, quickest routes, easiest transportation, places to go, places to eat. The rooms are VERY clean and quite cute! Hotel is convenient to everything. Would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 9 2004	The best deal in San Fran	Most of the reviews I read were right on the money. This place is fantastic! Clean, nicely decorated and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. I haven't stayed at any other hotels in San Fran and I won't since I found this one.	
Jul 8 2004 	Good stay at the Rex	Stayed here for four nights at the end of June for a conference. Great price compared with the other hotels, and everything was great with the room. Good area of town, (never tried the restaurant). I would stay here again.	
Jun 17 2004	Hotel Rex is perfect!!!	My best friend and I went to San Francisco for my birthday and stayed at the Rex. Everything was absolutely fabulous. The hotel was adorable, great little bar. The staff was phenomenal, they were so helpful to us in every way. They even brought a free bottle of wine to our room. The location is perfect (1 block off Union Square); you can also walk to North Beach, Chinatown and Fishermans Wharf. The breakfast was fabulous as well. I would recommend this boutique hotel to anyone and will definitely be returning.	
Jun 3 2004 	The Very Best of SF	This by far is the best Boutique Hotel of SF. All I can say about this place is positive!Cafe Andre Rocks! Beds were like being at home, and the rooms are fantastic! Great water presure in the showers which in SF is hard to find! The staff, WONDERFUL! Chris at the front desk is a GEM! Totally knows his stuff. 	
May 28 2004	Great location	We stayed at this hotel with our 1 1/2 yr. old and 4 yr. old kids. I would recommend this place. The $35 valet parking is worth it if you have young children.	
Apr 21 2004	Good location and value	My sister and I planned a weekend getaway and had a great time. Hotel Rex is just steps away from the bustle of Union Square yet quiet inside. The neighborhood felt safe to walk around at night which is not the case in all areas around Union Square.The staff was very helpful with suggestions and even offered us free movie tickets to a film festival. We got upgraded at check in but had to ask for it even though we are Joie De Vivre experience awards members which is supposed to automatically give an upgrade. The room was nicely appointed but that smaller SF experience. The bathroom was ok, nothing great, but the Aveda products were nice. Housekeeping did a great job and didn't bang on the door at 8am like other hotels even though there were not &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs.Got a great deal on the Joie De Vivre website, much lower priced than any other deals we found online. They guarantee the lowest rate on their website and we found that to be true.Only cons: slow elevator, shower would stop and go to the tub mode when the neighbor flushed their toilet!	
Apr 6 2004	Birthday at the Rex	I brought my husband to Hotel Rex for his 40th birthday. I looked at the reviews on tripadvisor and this was the best rated hotel and very reasonable. Nicole checked us in and was very friendly. She had a little cheese and fruit plate done up for us to celebrate. It was really thoughtful!! Christopher gave me all the information that I needed over the phone. The transportation to Fishermans wharf was close by and everything else we walked to. It is the place that you want to stay if you are going to San Francisco. We were there from April 1-4th and could have stayed longer.Thank you so much for making our stay such a great one!!	
Apr 6 2004	cute hotel excellent service	The location is terrific- very close to Union Square but a block away keeps it quiet. Very close to good restaurants, top notch galleries, Chinatown, and the trolley to the Fisherman's Wharf. Every employee was friendly, and some went out of their way to help. The room is small without a view, but is beautifully decorated. The bed is wonderful, the bathroom is nice, and there is vallet parking.	
Apr 6 2004	Comfy and bohemian	The Rex hotel is exactly as I had anticipated. The lobby is very small and opens up to the wonderful little bar area. Pictures and quotes of the bohemian type adorn the walls. It is reminiscent of a European cafe. The food in the bar was quite good and the wine selection was okay. Service was friendly and homey. The buidling is old SF and a bit on the frayed side but they have fixed it up nice. The rooms are cozy and again, remind you of a small inn. Location is good. Parking is great at the Sutter street gargage- was only $9 overnight. Granted I checked in at 6pm and checked out at 8am. Nice hotel.	
Mar 23 2004	A great place for the business traveler. Comfortable convenient and quiet.	&quot;I love the Rex! I travel to SF often for business and stay there every time. The rooms are so comfortable; just what I need when traveling so far from home. If you can afford it, take a king suite and enjoy the extra room (and the quieter back side of the hotel). Their restaurant, Cafe Andree, is excellent, but I often just eat in the lounge where I am more comfortable. They also have an excellent wine list. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable and will go out of their way to make your stay as comfortable as possible. The one drawback is they don't have a gym on site. But you can purchase a guest pass for a gym which is just a few doors down.	
Mar 22 2004	Enjoyed my stay	Everything about my stay was great. The staff was helpful and their knowledge of San Francisco was excellent. I would highly recommend Hotel Rex and will stay there again myself.	
Mar 7 2004	A hotel to return to in San Francisco CA	The location is perfect for the business man or the leisure traveler with walking distance to Union Square or a one block pickup on a historical trolley. The staff will remember you and the rooms make you feel right at home. You will return to this hotel.	
Feb 24 2004	Loved Hotel Rex	I recently had to stay in SF in business for a few days and had been referred to the Hotel Rex by a limo driver while visiting SF on a previous trip. I checked out the web site and especially liked his comments that it was a quiet hotel.Upon stepping into the lobby I immediately felt as if I was in Europe. The decor is tastefully done and the rooms very comfortable especially the bed.I would definately stay there again and would recommend it to all of my friends and co-workers.	
Feb 24 2004	Staying at the Rex	I stayed at the Rex a few weeks and found it to be very reasonably priced and well run. The free glass of wine at 5:00 was a good way to end the sightseeing day. It was very central to all the sights in San Francisco.	
Feb 13 2004	Nice Hotel - Great Location - Good Staff - Smallish Rooms	Stayed here over the 2003 Thanksgiving Weekend. Selected the hotel on a recommendation. Loved the location and friendly staff. The hotel is small, but &quot;charming&quot;. Everything was above average/good, except the room size. Small. Very small. Take that with a grain of salt, as this is SF, and hotels are going to be smaller. In another city, for the same price, you would get 30-40% larger size. The room was nice, but felt a tad cramped, esp. after a few days. Recommendation for breakfast by staff was best advice all weekend - Dotties True Blue Cafe (?).	
Feb 13 2004	If you want personal service	I travel to SF for business and stayed at the Hotel Rex on a recommendation of a friend. WOW! Outstanding personal service, tastefully decorated rooms all at a great location. I'm very demanding but also manage my travel budget carefully. I'm headed back to San francisco next month...I just hope I can get a room!	
Feb 13 2004	Rex: good people	Terrific service, excellent location. Really nice vibe. We had a great time. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 11 2004	Favorite Hotel In San Francisco	I travel to San Francisco for my job and always look forward to my stay at the Hotel Rex. The staff and accommodations are charming and I feel very much at home. Great location and a fabulous new restaurant.	
Feb 11 2004	Great Hotel! Great Customer Service! Great location!		
Feb 11 2004	Location location location....	My wife and I stayed at the Rex for a long weekend last year. The hotel location was a key feature, walking distance to Shops, restaurants, Museums and the Business center. The Hotel decor was very sophisticated and stylish. The room was spacious and very clean. The hotel staff was very friendly and eager to cater to any of our needs. Since our last trip to San Francisco we could not think of staying anywhere else. The Hotel Rex is San Francisco	
Feb 11 2004	Love the hotel rex staff and rooms are the best in SF	The staff is friendly and knows the city in side and out and will give you lots of great adivse on resturants, shopping and sightseeing.Room are comfortable and have a wonderful charm to them.	
Feb 11 2004	Had a wonderful weekend at the Rex	My husband and I stayed at the Rex last month and had a wonderful time. Great location to all the downtown shopping and restaurants. Wonderful service and charming room.	
Feb 11 2004	People make a product even better!	I travel to San Francisco at least once a month on business. The Hotel Rex is a great boutique hotel, but what makes it an excellent hotel is the people. The amenities are fabulous but there is nothing like being away from home and someone greeting you by name. Success is in your poeple, so congratulations to the Hotel Rex!	
Feb 9 2004	I'll be Staying Here Again		
Feb 3 2004	Great location great value sweet ambience		
Jan 4 2004	Great Service Nice Room and a Great Location		
Dec 6 2003	I Left My Heart at the Rex		
Sep 14 2003	The Hotel Rex treated us like royalty...		
Sep 14 2003	The Rex-Better in pictures than in person.		
May 21 2003	Wreck at the Hotel Rex		
Mar 1 2003	Renovations on Going....		
Jan 27 2003	Hotel Rex is the place to stay		
Nov 3 2009 	Hotel da 10!		
Oct 18 2009 	bra!		
Sep 3 2009 	Se dovesse capitare..ci tornerò sicuramente!		
Aug 31 2009 	Splendido!		
Aug 29 2009 	hotel recomendable en el centro de San Francisco		
May 21 2009 	Fantastica situación personal super amable y copas de vino gratis...		
May 18 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Oct 12 2008 	Quel bon choix!		
Aug 23 2008 	Bien ubicado		
Oct 2 2007 	Sehr zufrieden - absolut empfehlenswert!		
