	Great staff and location	This is a quaint hotel right down by Union Square and not far from the trolley cars and buslines. The staff has always been very helpful. Our room was kept very clean and the maintenance and cleaning people are just great. We have been there four times now and ask for a room away from the elevators and stairs because we go there to relax and enjoy ourselves. We got a king size bed this last time and it was so comfortable that I even wrote to ask what type of pillows were on the bed!The one thing about San Francisco excluding the hotel that are bothersome to us, are the panhandlers. Without exaggeration, just taking a walk a block away, we were approached a minimum of six times for money. We love the King George but have talked about maybe not staying there next time if we can find a hotel similar, away from the Union Square area. They aren't dangerous or aggressive, and we aren't afraid of them, they are just very bothersome. We do love the King George though. And Lori's restaurant right next door, has great American food, nice old fashion 50-60's diner, and the people are great there also. I would suggest staying there very highly. It's a really lovely hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Staff very helpful	Great location. Very friendly staff. Conciege were very helpful! Our original room was pretty tired and had a HORRIBLY loud air conditioning unit right outside. The walls are paper thin so we could hear all the people in the hallway and in the rooms. However, when we requested a room change, the staff were MORE than accomodating and the following night had us moved into a more comfortable and quieter room. So we were grateful...	
Nov 17 2009 	Nice location - staff very good	I stayed in this hotel in November 09 for 4 nights with my friend. The room was a little too compact with two single beds, bathroom and a safety deposit box. The hotel is in Union square so the location is very good with easy access to shops and pubs (Irish pub right beside hotel, so being two Irish girls, this was good!) macys is very close-by also. The receptionist, Atilio, was very approachable and answers all our questions at ease. He booked our day trips and was very friendly and professional.	
Nov 9 2009 	GREAT LOCATION COMFORTABLE NIGHT SLEEP. SIMPLE STRAIGHTFORWARD	Read all reviews before booking. Looked for all the negatives i saw, and, those were clearly specific bad isolated experiences. Front desk VERY nice, very attentive, very fast. Rooms were small, simple, older, but clean. Comfy bed. Perfect location to cable car, plenty of food, walk all over union square. 20 min to Candlestick Park...perfect	
Nov 8 2009 	Great hotel great location.	Stayed in the King George Hotel in July. Good location, price was great. Booked through easyclick travel. Got the room for around $70 a night. Close to the square and the cable car line. Didn't spend much time in the room, but it worked great for our purposes as a place to change/sleep. The front desk was friendly and helpful, really no complaints with the experience. Be prepared for very thin walls. We could hear EVERYTHING going on next door. Good for the price though. Kind of reminded us of a European hotel (size, amenities, cleanliness etc...) Loved San Francisco.	
Nov 6 2009 	Didn't care if we stayed or left	This review is for unsatisfactory service. We never got around to actually staying here.My fiance and I ended up here when he thought he had booked a stay through Travelocity. The hotel had no record of our reservation, and it turned out to be Travelocity's mistake, not the hotel, which I understand (in case you're curious, Travelocity made up for it by putting us in a different place that night, which wasn't great, but I suspect wasn't any worse than this place). But the King George staff was impatient and inattentive, even obstructionist. There was no attempt to help us get to the bottom of the problem, no offer to rebook us, or even an offer of a phone call. I had to pull out my lap top in the lobby to look up the Travelocity number and then I had to demand the internet access code. I was mystified. Did they actually not want us to stay there? I mean, even if there was a snafu with the booking, they could have at least tried to get us to spend our money there anyway, right?Maybe it's just because it's a low cost no frills place. Someone previous here did mention that it felt like a European hostel.	
Nov 3 2009 	Excellent staff.......sub par hotel!	First of all the staff is top notch and the location is amazing! Unfotunately thats all this hotel has on it's side. We had a room on the 2nd floor and stayed for 2 long nights. The rooms are tiny, very old, and LOUD. We could hear pipes rattling from toilets flushing and random noises keeping us up all night. The room looked and sounded like the hotel is held together with thick layers of paint. The room windows looked out onto a tin roof with pigeons at eye level. We felt after the first night that we should find another hotel. Because we were only staying the weekend it would be more hassel than it was worth. The elevator from the lobby is impossibly slow and the stairs are a spiral staircase of death if you choose to walk them.Don't let the pictures and the fancy lobby fool you.....this is not a 3 star hotel!!!!	
Oct 31 2009 	Make sure you get a renovated room	I was looking for a reasonably priced room rated 3 stars. I'd checked out the Trip Advisor reviews and the website and the rooms looked cosy and clean. We checked inand were given a room I think on the 4th floor. The room was so tiny I couldn't believe it. There was literally no room to put our 2 suitcases. The bathroom was the size of a shoebox and had no bench space. I have never seen a room that small. It also looked nothing like the photos and the decor was old and worn. It looked like a room in a hostel - 1 star rating at best. Without a doubt it was the worst room I have ever seen. My husband went downstairs to see what could be done about changing rooms and they said they would move us the following day as the hotel was full. I started ringing other hotels as i said I could not stay one night in that room. They then said they had a room available on the first loor which was one of their renovated rooms. We went and looked at it and it was just like the photos on the website. Newly renovated and about 3 times the size of the room we had just been in. It was clean and renovated and was what I was expecting. The staff are friendly and the diner next door is excellent. The hotel is ina great location but there are a lot of homeless people out the front.The reviews on Trip Advisor seem to be really mixed for this hotel. I can only conclude that there are very different types of rooms in the hotel. Do yourself a favour and make sure you get a newly renovated large room.	
Oct 22 2009 	Small Digs in the Heart of Union Sq.	While the rooms are small, the elevator is slow, and taking a shower can be somewhat frustrating, all in all I would say this hotel is worth the money. When staying in San Francisco, you have no reason to spend any time in your hotel room unless you're sleeping. The rooms are tiny but the beds are large and comfortable. One elevator for a hundred or so rooms means be prepared to wait a long time or take the stairs. And don't be surprised when the shower suddenly goes from blistering hot to ice cold. But because it is in such a great location for sightseeing and nightlife, all of that is tolerable. It's a fairly old hotel so one would expect certain inconveniences.	
Oct 22 2009 	Tiny Rooms Great Location Dull Hotel	PROSCleanGreat Location - right near Union SquareBar is acceptable24 hr diner next doorbathroom cleanSheets cleanGreat for a crash padCONSRoom is smaller than you'd htinkBathroom is smaller than you'd thinkTV is SD - (it's almost 2010 - get flat screens)Elevator is tinyNo views form hotel roomParking costs 30 bucks a day across the street in a garageNo help at the front doorThe decor is tacky	
Oct 16 2009 	Quaint very comfortable great service	Room was small but reminded of the european hotels we've stayed in. Conceierge was very helpful with directions. loved the overall look of the hotel. Would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 5 2009 	Exceeded my expectations.....	I was hesitant after reading some of the reviews on here but I must say, I had one of the BEST experiences in San Francisco, courtesy of the King George hotel. Check in was super easy and the person working the desk was extremely helpful and personable (and that can't be easy at 10pm). The time he took to listen to my itenerary and make recommendations was like that of a 5 star hotel. Extra points because they had smoking rooms and an entire smoking floor.....They have my business from now on.....Upon check out, they called cab service for me (which wasn't easy since there was an NFL game in town this weekend) and made for a pleasurable trip....For the price, they truly exceeded my expectations....definitely in the thick of things so would definately recommend staying at the King George (just don't try to climb the stairs to the 9th floor - it's a definite workout!)	
Oct 1 2009 	Definitely a 'Best Buy.'	I stayed for a week in Sept. '09 and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. In response to several recent complaints about the hotel which I have read in reviews: There were no bed bugs; the rooms, while small, are perfectly adequate; the one elevator is small, but I never had to wait more than a minute or two. Many of the reviews have mentioned the friendliness of the staff. I can not overemphasize how true this is. Arranging tours, recommending restaurants, giving directions (even which trollys to take) made for an uncomplicated visit. One feature of the hotel that perhaps has received too little note is the location: one block from Union Square and three blocks from the transportation hub at Market and Powell. The King George is well worth a stay.	
Sep 28 2009 	Perfect location	We chose to stay at King George mainly because of its location. My husband was attending a conference at the Moscone Center which was at a walking distance. One thing you have to bear in mind though is that when you're staying in central location it's bound to be noisy! The hotel staff were friendly, courteous and very helpful. There very good diners around the hotel so you won't go to bed hungry. My only issue was with breakfast because there wasn't a continental breakfast menu available anywhere. It's all about 3-4 or more egg omlette, pancakes, steak etc. Howevery San Francisco is wonderfully diverse city. There is always something new around the corner so even if you don't get breakfast a satisfiying lucn &amp; dinner is guaranteed. Muir Woods &amp; Sausalito are both unmissable.	
Sep 25 2009 	perfect	Stayed at the King George from sept 9th till the 12th right from the moment i walked in to the hotel everything was pefect check in took minutes had a room on the 9th floor which had everything i needed internet worked fine bed was very comfortable slept well every night no trouble with any outside noise whatsoever room was very clean and i reallt couldnt of asked for anything more for my 1st visit to San Francisco had couple of drinks in the hotel bar on my last night some of the hotel staff were having a drink there and engaged in polite cheerful conversation i really honestley have nothing bad to say about this hotel at all i was really very pleased with my stay and for where it is situated the price was ideal thanks very much for making my stay in San Franciso a very nice time if ever i go back the 1st hotel i shall look at will be this one	
Sep 16 2009 	Incompetent service malfunctioning TV	This hotel is a mediocre hotel just off Union Square. Cheap and not terrible finish. The service is terrible though -- I waited 20 minutes to check in, though there was no line when I arrived! Apparently the spanish speaking biker who walked in after me needed to be attended to first, complete with laughs and stories about old time. And then when I checked out and needed help with a billing problem through Expedia...3 calls later, the night manager and company still haven't resolved it. Infuriating! &quot;yes I can confirm to you that you checked out but I am not comfortable telling that to expedia&quot;. Wha??? And finally, about every 90 minutes all night -- the TV would randomly turn on. Finally, around 4am I realized it wasn't my fault and figured out how to unplug the TV. A poor night's sleep.	
Sep 14 2009 	What a sincere little hotel!	The concierge and reservations staff greeted us upon our arrival with sincerity and warmth. They provided outstanding advice and service throughout our stay. The rooms in the King George reminded me of rooms I have had in Rome and Paris -- small, but charming. Despite the fact that neither room had a view, I very much enjoyed this hotel and would stay there again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Very basic and acceptable if just interested in a place to sleep.	King George is an acceptable hotel if you are looking for basic amenities (i.e. a place to shower and sleep). There are no &quot;nice/extra amenities&quot; however the bed is comfortable and water pressure in shower was fine. Upon arrival, our room was not ready and the hotel was overbooked. Staff tried to put us in The Handerly for one night but we denied. Front desk staff is undesireable, however bar staff is very personable and friendly. There is NO A.C. on floors 2-9. There is only A.C. on the first floor. Therefore, you have to sleep with the windows open and it can be extremely noisy on the weekends. (There are music venues nearby and the streets become SO noisy on Friday and Saturday nights!) The 9th floor is a smoking floor. Avoid! My parents were placed on the 9th floor and checked in and out of the hotel within 8 minutes. They ended up changing hotels and opted for The Stanford Court up the hill in Nob Hill. I highly recommed that hotel and area. Nob Hill appears safer and quiet....for only a slight increase in price. Also, there were no homeless outside their hotel begging for money. Union Square is where all of the chain stores/shops are located. If shopping is important to you then you may opt for Union Square area. If we could do it over, we would stay in Nob Hill (only 3 short blocks from Union Square) or even at the Argonaut by the Wharf.	
Sep 1 2009 	Bed bugs...	At first we were very pleased with our hotel room. We got a free upgrade for the executive room, a very nice room with a very nice bed and it looked very well.But we discovered bites on both our bodie.. it weren't muscito bites and it looked like bug bites. We didn't go to the manager, because at first we didn't know what it was. we searched the whole bed, but we didn't saw anything. After 4 nights stay, we went to the Coast and from that moment we were away the bites dissapeared. Then we also read the review about the bed bugs and we were glad we were out of the hotel. Please understand me well; the hotel was very comfortable, very nice, and is on a perfect location. I think this can happen to every hotel, but on my trip I had 15 hotels and this one had beg bugs... Not very pleasant..It did had free internet, and if there were not bed bugs... it was very ok.It was a pity that the staff didn't ask at check out how my stay was, that could have been asked.	
Aug 30 2009 	My expectations were exceeded	I enjoyed my stay at the King George. I was hesitant to book because of a few reviews about bed bugs, but I found a great special on their website and there were only 2 reviews in 2 years at the time mentioning the dreaded creatures, so I took a chance. I am glad I did because it was the perfect place for my needs. No bed bugs appeared and the room was clean with well kept furnishings. It was tiny, though! I had read about these older hotel room being small, but I was still surprised. This was not a problem since it was just me. My view was of a ventilation unit, but I asked for a quiet room and that was much more important than a good view. The staff were very helpful and courteous. I also was able to check-in at 9AM despite the 3PM check-in time. The location is fantastic if you want to explore all of San Francisco; the Powell St. Muni/Bart Station is just a few blocks away. The one negative is the thin doors with a gap at the bottom; I could hear every word of conversations in the hallway outside. If they would be willing to fix this issue I would not even consider staying elsewhere when I visit again. You could also hear some outside noise (I shudder to think what those with a view of the street could hear), but its location makes it virtually impossible to block out this type of noise and I cannot fault them on this issue.Overall, I enjoyed my stay and would recommend it to others.	
Aug 23 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean, but a bit on the small side. But, we didn't mind, since we were out most of the day and we only went to the hotel to sleep at night. Also, the price for our room was a bargain, considering it is only a couple blocks to the Union Square Shopping, Chinatown and Cable Cars. We even walked to Fisherman's Wharf. The only down side was a few homeless people in the area asking for money, but then, every bit city has that. And during the night, you can hear the street noise. But overall, I definetly would stay at this hotel again. It is now my favourite hotel in San Francisco.	
Aug 23 2009 	Loud Loud Loud	One of our complaints would be the noise. NOT being city dwellers we were #1 surprised at no AC (we are from Houston Texas) and thought all hotels at least had AC. So having to sleep with the windows open only increased the enourmous amount of noise we experienced. I bought ear plugs as soon as a realized the issue (Walgreens on Geary for 1.99) however my hubby did not use them and woke often due to the sirens, fire trucks, party crowd, street performers, and garbage collectors etc. The sirens did awaken me at least once a night. #2 complaint of course would be the no AC, but maybe that was our fault for not checking that out. #3, we returned one day from sight seeing to discover our linen with blood on it. They did change it (but gross). #4 Slow elevators. If you are on 2-3 floors, walk the steep steps. But we were on the 8th and that was a trek enough down. #5 The HOMELESS, unless you are prepared to deal with the ENORMOUS amount of homelss bums and beggers, downtown is not the place to stay. Whether you turn right or left walking out of the hotel you will be acousted by them.If you are a city dweller to begin with and want to be close to transportation, and night life. It is a great location. You are close to the cable cars, the Muni and the Bart. The staff is friendly and will go out of their way to help you. We decided to go shopping and they provided us with a small fridge, now mind you, there are not enough plugs so everything is piggybacked into each other and in less than 24 hours one whole side of the electric blew. We moved the fridge to it's own supply and things ran okay.	
Aug 12 2009 	Beware of Bed Bugs!	I am still disgusted by our stay at the King George Hotel and it has been over two weeks since my stay. We woke up to find bite marks all over my friend’s body. Red, swollen, and exuding pus. We then discovered the crawling bugs in our bed. They were crawling on top of the sheets and pillows IN PLAIN SIGHT! At the time, the &quot;acting&quot; hotel manager did everything in his power to make us feel comfortable. He assured us our trip would be compensated. He then immediately offered us a new room in the hotel free of charge. However, my friend and I felt we could not stay in that hotel a moment longer. We took &quot;shelter&quot; in a neighboring hotel and were told we would be compensated for our inconvenience, and discomfort. I was asked to send the bill so that I could be reimbursed. I did this. However, to date I have not received ANY response. I feel as though we were quietly and quickly rushed out of the hotel in order to avoid any confrontation in front of the new visitors checking in. Now that this is all over, the hotel's comforting words at the time is nothing more than an empty promise. In the least, the Hotel manager should have contacted me to apologize. I half expected a reply refusing to pay the additional hotel charges however, I did not expect this. No response at all. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. This isn’t a hotel which cares about their visitors, which is evidenced by their continued lack of communication.	
Aug 10 2009 	You get what you pay for	I have to admit that my stay at King George was not a good one. My partner and I arrived in SF on a red eye flight just after midnight. We arrived at the hotel around 12:30am to find that our room had been sold to someone else. The front desk simply assumed that we were not planning to keep our reservation. I am surprised that the hotel staff didn't even bother to contact me to verify if I was planning to forfeit my reservation before selling my room to someone else. The website mentions that the credit card used to hold the room will be charged if the reservation is cancelled without 24 hour notice so it baffles me that the hotel would assume that I would simply no call no show when they had all of my contact info including my credit card number, my e-mail address and my cell phone number. Anyway, we were then sent to a different hotel in the embarcadero district - a total contrast to Union Square. There was no nightlife whatsoever. The streets were empty and there was no food available after a long flight. This was of course completely disappointing after having planned on enjoying a night out upon arrival. This essentially ruined my first night in San Fran. Very disappointing.On the bright side, our first night at the sister hotel was complementary however this was only after much haggling with the front desk staff who checked us into a matchbox sized room with a view of the side of another building. My second night in San Fran was much better – or so I thought. We were relocated back to the King George. Granted, the room was small and had a view of a back alley but we were just happy to be back in Union Square. After enjoying a great evening out, we returned to our room to discover that there were cockroaches in the bathroom! We of course called the front desk to notify them of the problem, the gentleman that responded appeared to be relieved to find that the little bugs that we reported were “just cockroaches” instead of bedbugs – which they apparently take “very seriously”. Cockroaches, on the other hand, are apparently not a big deal. We were not offered an alternative room as the hotel was sold out and we were scheduled to check out the following morning. The person assured us that they would notify management and that the problem would be addressed. When we checked out the following morning, we assumed that the front desk staff had been notified of the problem however that was not the case. When we informed the woman at the front desk, she simply thanked us for letting the hotel know but did not offer to notify management or even offer a discounted rate. By this time, we were so exhausted from advocating for ourselves the first night that we didn’t bother the push the matter. Although the location is great and the price is right, you definitely get what you pay for. I don’t think that I will be returning to the King George any time soon.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great value great location	Had 2 nights for just over £100 right in the city centre-can you do that in any other major world city? So the rooms are on the bijou side but are clean &amp; comfortable. Very helpful staff. Just leave the car $68 for 2 nights valet parking.	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent Location	The location of this hotel is excellent, with in walking distance of the cable car turn around stop and all other public transportation. The neighborhood felt very safe, but we weren't out late at night. The worst part of this hotel was the thin windows. We could hear all the street noise, including sirens a couple times a night. The elevator was tiny, and while the signs and website say they have food (breakfast and high tea) they really don't. All this being said, we would stay here again. The price was right ($182 for 2 nights) and the location was fantastic. There is a parking garage right across the street for $29/24 hrs.	
Jul 9 2009 	The King George is always a solid inexpensive choice	The King George features very small rooms- but so does EVERYPLACE in san fran. You can pay a little extra for an executive room which will still be dark, but is rennovated and worth the extra fee. I don't need to stay here but I really do like the value for the location. Careful if you head south, you are then in the Tenderloin and don't want to wander about much, trust me!	
Jul 8 2009 	Cute and Clean Hotel... good for couples	My wife and I stayed at the King George for 5 nights July 2-7 while we were sightseeing in San Francisco. Our first impression of the hotel when we walked into the lobby was, &quot;Oh, this is cute!&quot;. The lobby is on the smaller side with the front desk only steps away directly in front of the hotels entrance, with the concerierge to the right. They also have a bar and tea room behind the front desk. Two computers are located next to the front desk, serving as the &quot;business/internet&quot; center. Lobby decor (which is the general decor of the entire hotel) has a British touch, with a large painting of King George on one of the pillars, beautiful draping curtains accenting the large windows, and a simple english printed carpet. Elevator is... well... tiny. You can only fit about 3 people with luggage, and theres only 1 elevator. Most guests just use the stairs, which is narrow, steep, and spirals to the lobby (good exercise after all the eating you plan to do in SF).Our room, as was the observation of most people on this site, was small compared to other hotels we've stayed at. But it served its purpose, a clean and comfortable place to sleep at night. Room was clean and nicely decorated, bed was firm, bathroom was clean. Our room had a queen bed with nightstands and lamps on either side, a comfy cushioined chair, a desk, and an armoire with a TV. Wireless internet is provided free to all guests with a laptop, but if you prefer wired they'll provide you the needed peripherals for a deposit. It was indeed &quot;noisy&quot;, even with the windows closed. But my wife and I fell asleep easily after a whole day of activities. It didn't bother us one bit... in fact, it helped to keep the ambiance that we were staying in the heart of Union Square. Housekeeping was consistent and courteous, they respected our &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and only cleaned our rooms when we requested. Front desk staff was also very friendly and polite with our requests for amenities. In fact, after just a day, the staff began calling us by our names &quot;Mr. and/or Mrs. ______&quot;. I thought this was very outstanding.The concierge (his name was Sean) helped us in booking 2 tours: Wine Country Tour (through Tower Tours - highly recommended, our driver Joaquin was great!!) and the Alcatraz Island Tour. Sean also provided great suggestions for restaurants and helped with getting a good rate on a car rental (we rented for 3 days to go to Stockton and do some driving on the final 2 days while we were there). Parking is expensive when provided by the hotel $30. There are other cheaper parking garages near by where you can park with in/out privileges... like up Mason Street (ACE Parking for $25).Food/Restaurants: First, I highly recommend Lori's Drive In next door for breakfast. Food and service were exceptional and they have a 1950's theme going on. Humberto was our server for our entire stay when we had breakfast there. Make sure to ask for him and tell him that &quot;Hawaii&quot; recommended him. If you like Indian/Pakistani food, I recommend Chutney's on Jones Street, about two blocks from the hotel. We had a 4 course dinner, with a mango shake for a little over $20. Food was awesome! Seafood can be found everywhere at the Fishermans Wharf. Food hawkers sell crab in the shell, the famous Clam Chowder in a bread bowl, fried seafood fare, and cocktail dishes. I recommend them for snacks or a quick meal. For a nice sit-down meal, I recommend Sabelle and Latorre located near the Fishermans Wharf sign. They have a Chippino that's out of this world! Great food all around SF, you just need to do a some trial and error.Transportation: You really don't need to rent a car. We did only because we had to travel to Stockton (1.5 hours away) to see some friends. But the municipal transportation (Trollies, Cable Cars, Buses) are more than sufficient to get you all round the city. I suggest to buy a MUNI pass from the ticket vendor or from WALGREENS. A 3-day pass is $18.HOTEL was awsome!	
Jul 2 2009 	Good for the money and great location	The King George is in a great location, just minutes away from the BART station, and close to lots of shops, restaurants etc. This does have a downside in that it was a little noisy at night, but then you also wake up to the bustling sounds of the city, and the smell of breakfast cooking, which we loved. We chose it because it was cheaper than many hotels, and it was great for the money. Many reviews mention the small rooms, and yes they are small, but still comfortable. Don't expect a huge room or a huge bathroom, or you will be disappointed. We only stayed for 4 nights as we were moving on, but we had a lovely stay here. It has a great diner next door called &quot;Lori's&quot;.San Francisco in itself is absolutely gorgeous, maybe a little on the pricey side for meals and drinks, but probably given more time we may have searched for better value places. But time was short so just accepted it.Couple of tips, the BART runs from the airport into Union Square which was much cheaper than a taxi, if you can be bothered to get your cases onto the train. Alcatraz was brilliant, and we also did a City coach tour where we saw loads of famous places. Fishermans Wharf is bustling, but well worth a visit, especially the Sea Lions. But as gorgeous as it was, we were glad we were in Union Square as it was a great excuse to jump on a cable car, a brilliant experience, and you see so many more sights. We also loved The Buena Vista, famous for its Irish Coffee, and a scene from &quot;When a Man loves a Woman&quot;. We had a great day cycling, and if you have the energy it is worth it. In one day we cycled over Golden Gate Bridge, to Sausalito which is a gorgeous place to see, from there we cycled towards Muir Woods(although we knew we wouldn't make it up the hills to the woods). Luckily along the way noticed a sign for a shuttle to the woods, it was by chance that we saw this because no-one told us about it. We think the shuttle only runs at weekend but it is worth checking out if you want to see the woods, they are gorgeous! You can lock up your bikes free and jump on the shuttle for a couple of dollars. Once you are back in Sausalito you can get the ferry back with your bike.It is worth doing a little research into the places you want to see before you go, because it is a brilliant place with a great atmosphere!	
Jun 29 2009 	This is THE place to STAY !!	The LOCATION of this hotel is AMAZING !! Two blocks over and two blocks down to Market &amp; Powell St., where ALL of the public transportation goes !! You can go ANYWHERE from HERE !!The Hotel is VERY CLEAN, the staff was VERY nice (we rented bikes and they let us keep them in the conference room overnight), and the PRICE was FANTASTIC !!($69/nt with the 4th night FREE from TravelTicker)You do NOT need to rent a car if you are planning on doing things IN the city. The trolleys, busses, trains, and cable cars can take you EVERYWHERE !!If you DO need a car, ALL of the rental car offices are DIRECTLY across the street from the hotel !! (We got a car on the last day to head up north) DO NOT PAY what the hotel wants for parking !! The garage right across the street is $15/night !!Would TOTALLY stay here again. AND would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 21 2009 	Reasonable hotel in good location	Positives:LocationGood cheap breakfast available (Continental)Near to train stationFriendly staffCleanFree wifi internetNegatives:The bathroom smelt a bit dampQuite noisy - but this is due to it's location, so is to be expectedWe would stay here again...	
Jun 8 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I was really surprised with how nice our room was. Given that we got a deal at $79/night the room was really nice and the bed was very comfy. I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel in the future - especially if you're on a budget.	
Jun 6 2009 	Great Location with great service	We were told about this hotel by good friends and everything they said was correct. The location was great, the stff were very helpful and friendly and the price was right. Lots of great restaurants near by, and all of San Francisco was in walking distance. The rooms are small, bu they had everything you needed , a nice clean bathroom, a great bed, a closet and a television. We will tell all our friends about this great find.	
Jun 3 2009 	Very charming great value	Terrific location near Union Square, historic charmer, not a cookie-cutter corporate hotel. Rooms not huge, but have all the necessary amenities, attractive nineteenth-century themed decor and extremely comfortable beds. Front-desk and reservations staff very eager to please; when I noticed on line that the rate had dropped (to $79!!), they let me take advantage of the lower rate. This is not 5-star luxury (the bathrooms are older, you can notice peeling paint if you are looking for it), but it is a solid 3.5 stars, with terrific showers and great comfort. I would stay here again in a minute, esp. for this price. The only problems during the stay: the message light would not stop flashing on the phone even though I didn't have a message (covered it with the phone instructions), and the heat system was very strange and I needed maintenance to come turn it off. But they came within 2 minutes. Very pleasant hotel. (Oh - and very nice lobby too, plus free wifi!).	
May 4 2009 	Wonderful Experience Great Value Location .. GO STAY PLAY ENJOY	I had a few &quot;use 'em or loose 'em&quot; air miles to burn, so I choose SF to spend a few days. A Hotwire Travel Ticker email advised of an incredible offer too good to pass up. After a bit of research on the King George, I decided to give it a try. Upon my mid morning hotel arrival, I was warmly greeted by Grecia, who not only checked me in early, also complimentary UPGRADED my room as well! The room was similar to other historic hotels I've stayed, (not as spacious as newer hotels), but certainly more than comfortable, was very charming, modern and updated with every convenience necessary. Speaking to other Reviewer's who are troubled by city noise, I'd advise if you're looking for a noise free environment, stay in the country, not in ANY city hotel! Upon returning to my room, I was always warmly greeted and asked if I required any additional assistance to make my trip even more memorable... Stay here if you're looking for an incredible location, great value, a charming environment with all the modern conveniences and a gracious staff. The King George Hotel is certainly my new hotel of choice in San Francisco.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great location but noisy hotel with minimal service	The hotel is in a great location for seeing the sights in San Francisco.I would avoid this hotel if you are a light sleeper or have young kids as the rooms are not very big and sound proofing is an issue.The elevators are old and pretty small as well so it's not ideal if you are in a rush or trying to get up to your room when it is busy.Having said all this, it is great value for the location and for San Francisco room rates.	
Apr 13 2009 	Superb value for money	I stayed here for a week when I was attending a convention at the Moscone Convention Centre, which is a few blocks away.The location of King George is great. It's about two blocks away from Union Square, but the street the hotel is on, is not as busy as the blocks around it, which is nice. There's a great restaurant next to the hotel, the Cafe Mason, which served an excellent breakfast. There's also a convinience store on the corner, a Starbucks...everything is in the surrounding area, literally a few metres away. So the location of the hotel is awesome.The room I stayed in was a twin and it was small as expected. The bathroom is clean and sterile, but small as well, so there's no space for your toiletries but there were plenty of towels every day. The beds are narrow, but much better than they look which I was happy to find out. I slept allright here.If you are in town for sightseeing and not spending much time in the room, the hotel is great, but if you gotta work and spend time in the room, definitely not so great. The work desk and chair are basic and the room isn't that comfy, but for the cheap price, I really cant complain, I couldn't believe the location and quality for the price.There was only a ceiling fan and no air conditioning in the room, but that was only a godo thing as most of us Europeans hate the usual air conditioning cold. Keeping the windows open in March kept things cool. It did get a bit noisy in the night as our window faced an alley, but nothing bad.The staff were very friendly as well and I'd say the King George is great value for money.	
Apr 1 2009 	Excellent value-driven and very friendly	I typically stay at 2-3 star hotels because of the value when I travel. My main concerns when I was booking the hotel were: is it in a prime location to access sightseeing (check), is it clean and safe (double-check), are there non-smoking rooms (check) and does it have free internet (check). I was surprised when I got to the King George because it is a great property, with friendly and helpful staff, and GREAT access to San Francisco's many sites! This is a hotel in the middle of one of the most cultural cities in America! My stay at the King George made it easy to access the shopping in Union Square, easy to catch the BART to other sites in the Bay, and easy to get taken in by San Francisco. I recommended the King George to all my friends, and I recommend the King George if you want a great value when you travel to San Francisco.	
Mar 30 2009 	Comfortable bed clean room fabulous location!	I stayed four nights (Tues -Fri) at the King George for a professional conference in March. I chose it because of its great location and the room rate I got through Expedia. Based on other feedback on TripAdvisor I was concerned about the possibility of noise from other rooms or about lingering cigarette smoke. I had no such problems. I had no problems of any kind!  The bed was one of the most comfortable I have encountered in a hotel. Everything was very clean and the staff was quite helpful. The room appeared to be recently painted and carpet, bedspread, drapes and other furnishings were in good shape. Lots of hot water and good water pressure. The room was small - so small that I almost wished the upholstered chair wasn't there (in addition to a desk chair) - but it was fine for one person. Having only one small elevator is a potential problem, but there was only 1 or two times all week that I had to wait briefly for it.  My only real complaint was that when I had a question about the wireless service, the front desk told me to call a helpline. The helpline person quickly solved my problem, but I used my room phone to call (since I had used it to call the front desk) instead of my cell and they charged me a &quot;connection fee.&quot; I should have used my cell, but I wasn't thinking about potential charges. I wish the front desk had reminded me about the connection fee when they told me to call. I had absolutely no problems with the FREE wireless connection after that - a good signal even on the 7th floor!	
Mar 14 2009 	Bed Bugs anyone?	My stay was fine until I woke up with a few bites over my arms....that night I had a case of bed bug bites so bad that I couldn't sleep because they were so itchy. It look about 3 weeks to go away and I still have scars. Despite the good location, I would never stay there again. It's way too much of a risk.	
Jan 28 2009 	SF On The Cheap and Cheerful	An old friend and I attended the SF Film Noir Festival and wanted to stay someplace safe, cheap and cheerful. My British neighbor recommended the King George Hotel. The rate we got was $113/night for a King room so we booked two because at that price, we could each have our own. The hotel was perfectly located, exceptionally clean and very quiet despite the usual city noises outside. We got rooms next to each other on the 9th floor (a smoking floor) but there was absolutely no detectable odor of smoke when we entered our rooms nor in the hallways. The beds were nice and firm (which we liked) and the furnishings were in great condition despite their age. The bathrooms were immaculate with modern fixtures and great water pressure. The staff was always helpful and friendly whenever we asked questions or needed food recommendations or tourist info. Our two issues were: (1) the property only has 1 ice machine - and it was on the lobby level at the very rear of the restaurant. It wasn't difficult to get ice but it wasn't very convenient. The other issue was with the concierge - we asked for a recommendation for great chinese restaurant which he provided instantly. Within 5 minutes we were in a cab on the way there. When we arrived at approximately 4:00pm, we were annoyed to find the restaurant did not open for dinner until 5pm. We never did see that particular concierge again - lucky for him. Notwithstanding those 2 issues - we loved the King George, its staff, its charm and its price. Considering how expensive everything else is, this is a exceptional deal for a SF getaway.	
Jan 25 2009 	Right Hotel Wrong Location	The Hotel King George is a beautiful older building, with a pleasant staff and shabby, but clean, rooms. There is no air conditioning in the rooms, so it's necessary to sleep with the windows open, which can be a bit loud.Although the hotel is in the Financial District, it is also right on the edge of the Tenderloin. The Tenderloin is full of panhandlers, and they frequent the sidewalks in front of the Hotel King George. Some days we'd walk out the front door of the hotel to see a panhandler stationed directly under the picturesque green canopy of the King George. It was like walking a gauntlet of beggars, and we were usually hit up for spare change by at least three different people before we could even walk an entire city block. This happened every time we left or returned to the hotel. It's almost as if the citizens of San Francisco look at panhandling as an accepted way to supplement their income.Again, the staff was great. I even noticed one of the maids polishing the brass on the outside of the hotel. This is one of those instances where location, location, location comes into play. Because of the location we will not be staying at the King George again.	
Jan 8 2009 	King George Hotel Has Real San Francisco Charm	I stayed four nights at the King George Hotel for a recent business trip. What a unexpected surprise!As a frequent business traveler, I've grown tired and bored with the major hotels. The rooms are &quot;cookie cutter&quot; mirror images from one city to the next and the service is &quot;luke warm&quot; at best. The King George Hotel offers so much more.Having arrived later in the evening after a delayed flight and a frustrating experience with a taxi driver, I was greeted at the curb by Sean (the Concierge), who discreetly took my baggage inside as I paid the driver (who had not informed me that he did not accept credit cards when I boarded his cab at the airport). Upon entering the hotel, Sean introduced himself, informed me that he would arrange for my transportation back to the airport at the end of my stay with a provider who does take credit cards, flashed a smile, and ended his greeting by saying &quot;welcome home&quot;. Now imagine that happening at a major hotel - never! From that moment on, I was greeted by name by every staff member, all of whom were ready to meet my needs with a smile. The King George Hotel is not a new building. It is a wonderful example of authentic San Francisco architecture that has been well maintained without destroying the original charm. My room, on the top (9th) floor, was a small but very cozy corner room with windows (that really open) and great views of the city streets and skyline. It is tastefully furnished in subdued tones, complete with a desk and walk-in closet. The bed and bath linens are luxuriously thick and are fresh and clean each day. Amenities match or exceed those of any major chain hotel. In addition, there is complimentary wireless internet and a large keyed safe in the closet that easily secured my laptop computer and other belongings if I so chose. Hotel staff are readily prepared to offer suggestions for just about anywhere you might want or need to go in the city - from restaurants to nail salons! Each suggestion is followed with details regarding the establishment, many times with the name of a person who can help you when you arrive. Never was I offered a telephone book to search on my own. A town car was arranged for my transportation back to airport (at the same cost as a local cab ride). The location of the King George is nearly in the heart of Union Square and central to many attractions. Excellent restaurants as well as fast-food is available within a block in all directions. I would highly recommend the Santorini Restaurant for lunch or dinner.A note to cigarette smokers: the King George has smoking rooms available. If you are looking for the stark environment of a major chain hotel, then this is not the place to stay. But if, like me, you appreciate the charm and unique flavor of San Francisco I would highly recommend this hotel and its warm and welcoming staff. I will be returning to visit again soon.	
Dec 9 2008 	June-July 2008 review	I was there back in summer time. A nice location near Union Square and downtown. The room was so-so with 2 beds and one small bathroom. Hallway looks creepy at night with portrait photos looking at you in a mean way....scary. Can't complain...a good hotel to stay at but may recommend to look for another hotel in SF.	
Dec 2 2008 	So So	Location is pretty good, close to Powell and market St. We asked for a Queen Bedroom, but instead got a twin double, but we're not too fussy. The bathroom was tiny and old, but clean. TV reception was fuzzy, but it didn't mattered much on our trip as we spent our time sight seeing. Room was stuffy, and the ceiling fan didn't do much in terms of cooling the place.The walls were paper thin. We spent a friday night there, and obviously a bunch of kids booked a room next door and used it as a base to their night out. Woke me up at 3am just with their conversations.All in all, it was pretty much what we were expecting for the price.	
Nov 11 2008	Convenient hotel but small room	Stayed for 2 nights while visiting San Francisco during a tour of South California. Because we had a car it was convenient to use the public car park opposite for which we paid a special price because we stayed at the King George. The hotel was seconds, literally, from Union Square which was handy when we carried all my wife's shopping back to the hotel.On the first morning we went to Alcatraz and the hotel organised a cab which was there on time, although the worst journey I have ever taken. We didn't see the bridge from a distance due to the mist, but went on the bus to the end and walked over. One thing to watch out for, after visiting Alcatraz we walked along the main road at the front and made the mistake of entering a shop to buy a video cassette. The guy in the shop spent 25 mins with the camera that I had made the mistake of letting him hold showing us the benefits of a lense that ended up costing a fortune. Didn't buy it, but couldnt get back the 25 mins either. Be wary.	
Nov 10 2008 	Comfortable Stay	I always have a hard time sleeping in hotel beds because of discomfort. This hotel was the exception. The beds were comfortable, the rooms were clean and pleasant. The rooms are a little small, but there is so much to do within walking distance that you wouldn't want to stay indoors too long. I would stay here again without a doubt.	
Nov 9 2008 	Quaint clean great customer service great location!	I was hesitant to book a stay at the King George due to some of the previous reviewers' comments regarding the small rooms and the thin walls... However, the hotel was much better than I expected, and I would stay there again!It is true that the rooms are very small - however, the space is used very efficiently, and I never felt cramped. In fact, the closet and safe were much more spacious than those provided in larger hotels.It is also true that the walls are very thin - but this was a minor inconvenience, and a non-issue with good ear plugs :)The hotel was suprisingly clean, the bed was very comfortable, and the shower was great (good water pressure, plenty of hot water, etc.). There are two fitness centers within a couple of blocks, and the hotel can provide special pricing for a day pass. They offer a continental breakfast for a fee, but there are also several diners in the area (one right next door) that serve breakfast. There are also several convenience stores nearby.The customer service was wonderful - top notch. The staff was very friendly, attentive, and helpful. This alone would bring me back to the King George.The location was fantastic - very close to Union Square, shopping, and the cable car line - and easy walking distance to Chinatown and other downtown attractions.There are dozens of other hotels in the area, and the more expensive choices are probably more luxurious with better amenities - but the price, cleanliness, and warmth of the King George make it a worthy choice.	
Nov 5 2008 	Things stolen from room	We stayed 3 nights in the hotel. Great location and nice clean (small) rooms. Good bed and friendly staff.Whilst packing our bags on the last day we found out that all our luggage was searched during our stay. It was done very conscious and careful that's why we discovered it that late.Result: Laptop stolen (with 2 weeks of holiday pictures; it didn't fit in the safe) and several chargers. Strange thing; they toke the charger of my wife her lady-shave, but left the lady-shave it self in the room.We suspect the housekeeping, but can't proof anything.Unfortunately it took the hotel about 1 month to respond and as far as we are aware, they didn't do anything with our suspicion. The only access to the room was via a key card.	
Oct 28 2008 	King George - A Prince of Hotels	I was a bit leary due to some of the mixed reviews for the King George. My stay could not have been pleasanter. I arrived early and my room was ready and waiting. The room was small but clean, recently redecorated and the bed was great. The bathroom was a bit shabby but the towels were fluffy, and there was tons of hot water and good pressure (I was on the top floor).The area is noisy but it is right downtown. The theatre district and Union Sqare are right there. Plus it is a five minute walk from the BART station so I saved tons of money coming in from the airport.I did the continental breakfast most mornings. I found it provided okay variety for the price. There was a choice of breads, cereals, yogurts, boiled eggs, fruit, orange juice, coffee, jams and cream cheese. My only complaint was that the fruit was a bit boring - just apples and bananas. But I could eat what I wanted and they were healthy choices. I had eggs, hash browns, toast, coffee and and OJ one morning at a local deli and my bill was $13.65. The staff was pleasant and helpful from check in to when I left. The restaurant staff is friendly and there is a concierge who was a good resource.Overall, I highly recommend it	
Oct 21 2008 	We will be back!	My husband and I spent 2 nights at the King George while vacationing in San Francisco and the area. We wanted to stay in the Union Square area without paying too much. We were very happy with the King George and plan on returning! The hotel had lots of charm and the location was perfect! A very short walk to union square, lots of restaurants, and a couple blocks from cable cars and public transportation to get you anywhere you want to go in the city.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They went out of their way more than once to make our stay more enjoyable. Although I have read many reviews about the hotel being too tiny and noisy, we didn't have this problem at all. Yes, the rooms are small, but it is an old hotel and it's not like you are going to spend too much time in your room anyway. We thought the hotel was very quiet as well. I would highly recommend it!	
Oct 14 2008 	Nice comfortable room no frills.	Nice, comfortable room, I booked it the day before and after fees and charges it was almost $200 but the location and general amenities made it almost worth that. It can be had for in the $130 range and that would be about right. When I stay in the City (which is frequently) I'm really only there to lay my head after a day of fun, and the King George is fine for this purpose. The room was small but more than enough room for a single...bathroom was clean and everything worked, and a small closet held an iron, hangers and a coffee maker. Well worth the price for the prime location.	
Oct 13 2008 	Nice Place but noisy	This is a nice hotel, if the decor is a little dated, but the dated nature of the place is the real problem. Our room faced the back and it was very noisy when we opened the window to let cool air in. Nighttime was the real problem as we could not sleep with the window open as there was some mechanical unit thumping outside, and when we closed the window and had the fan running, it too thumped loudly. Not only that, the design of the place has the next door bathroom right next to our head while we were sleeping, and because the walls are not insulated for noise we heard the neighbours, and those above us, everytime they flushed the toilet. The old style doors also let in an inordinate amout of light and are not made for keeping out noise from the hallway. As for size it was a nice size and the bed was reasonably comfortable and the coffee and tea service is a nice touch. The staff are friendly and helpful, but ask the concierge for directions not the front desk people. It is a clean place, and a good place to rest, if not get a great night's sleep.	
Oct 13 2008 	Smallest room yet in Union Square	I wonder if hotels give you their less desirable rooms if you book through hotels.com (Expedia)?The hotel was quite basic. Although I'd reserved only 1 room through hotels.com, at check-in, they had reservations for 3 rooms for me. Since hotels.com had charged me for only one room, I didn't worry about it. The reception staff were courteous.The location is ok, close to BART, MUNI and a fairly easy drive to the highways.The room was not so great - very small. Also, it had the smallest bathroom I've been in yet in Union Square hotels. But the biggest inconvenience was that there were no easily accessible power outlets. I had to move the bed to access one for my laptop. But I did appreciate the wireless internet, included in the rate, even though it was slow (no watching streaming movies). The bed was quite comfortable. Room service is from Lori's Diner right next door.	
Sep 24 2008	King George Hotel San Fran	Stayed for four nights. Room a bit small and could do with upgrade but otherwise fine. Great location, only 2 mins walking distance to Union Sq and around corner from great pub, Foley's. Breakfast in hotel was expensive compared to nearby restaurants where you could get big brekfast for $10. Hotel were charging $7 + tax for continental . Free coffee available in the morning in Hotel.Location of hotel very handy for rental car depot on O'Farrell St - just across the road. Nice area but a lot of people hanging around begging and really 'in your face' stuff.	
Sep 22 2008 	good location but you get what you pay for....read on	My husband and I booked this trip through a discount website, but only after searching and reviewing post on tripadvisor on where to stay as in what area. we finally settled on this place even with the forwarning from others that it had some problems.. we checked in was quick and easy, we took note of the extremely small check in area and lack of almost any brochures for tours or sightseeing,. then on to problem number 1. the extremely tiny and i mean only enough room for 4 people elevator. I had even took the time to send a email to the general manager ahead of time to say, I have clostrophobia quiet badly and please do not put me in a tiny room, I said if need be i will change hotels just let me know.. .i was assured it would all be worked out.. I really had to use the stairs some due to this, and the stairs are spiral all the way down. I agree with one or more of the other posters, the room was clean, very very old, with few power outlets and our coffee maker was in the closet!! no ice machine on each floor only one and it was you guessed it lobby.. the bed was clean, but the bathroom gives new meaning to closet size, yes yes, i know well you are nt gonna be in there much on your trip.. well guess again, it does make a diffrence, we were lucky we were in a back room without a decent view, but a little further from the road noise which was nice, there is no a/c but there was a fan, and the window did open all the way to let in a nice breeze. I made the best of the situation, you could see into the room from the hallway,. that is how big the cracks were , and my husband and i listened helplessly to another frisky couple have over an hour of fun, in the room next to ours., there was no way to drown out the noise,,, point taken to us about how thin the walls were... and this was our anniversary trip.. I really did want to rave about this little hotel, i really did, it is in a good location, a safe location with an awesome irish bar across the street, the bar downstairs in our own hotel was only open for three or four hours and not one time in three days were we in while it was open.. so the amenities were non existent..	
Sep 10 2008	Great location very pleasant staff	This hotel has a fantastic location just one block from Union Square. It is slightly old fashioned in terms of decoration etc, but it is very clean and well maintained. The rooms are average size, not large, but not small either. There is no air con, but we had a window that opened, providing fresh air and also an overhead fan.Our room was non-smoking, as requested and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was very clean and actually not a bad size by any means. Shower worked well and there were sufficient amenities including fresh towels on a daily basis. The decor of the hotel is slightly reminiscent of a 70's hotel but nevertheless, served a purpose. There is no room service and the hotel bar serves only wine and beer. Happy hour is between 1700-1900, I believe. The staff here is excellent. So friendly, helpful and pleasant. The concierge went the extra mile for us and so did the front desk staff. They also offer a chaffeur service to SFO airport at a slightly cheaper rate.I would stay here again. Any questions, please do not hesitate to drop me a message.PS- The diner next door is fantastic, great staff and great food. Please visit , you won't be disappointed.PPS- I've rated this a 3 star based purely on amenities as per standard, not on quality. Quality would score the hotel 4, easily!Thanks	
Sep 3 2008 	Do you like staying in a cardboard box?	I really want to like the King George, really I do. The price was good, the location was absolutely perfect (one block from Union Sq. and the Powell St. Cable Car route), and the room and bathroom were very clean. The bed was even nicer than your average cheap hotel. And the staff were friendly. However everything else was awful.First of all, they put is in a miserably smelly smoking room when we asked for non-smoking. They couldn't move us after we complained because it was the last room in the hotel. Well, if they held the room for our reservation, why didn't they hold the right one? They did move us the next day but with no compensation - I could say that was a minor problem but it was a really unpleasant experience. What it did give me however was a perspective on two totally different rooms. Both rooms were TINY, I'm talking cruise ship tiny. And I can tolerate that, especially for that price in a major city, but my wife was displeased. Just be aware. Secondly, the bathrooms, while clean, are very small and have no counter space, just a small glass shelf that holds very little. Our second bathroom was much bigger than the first but the shelf space was the same. On that order, and much more unpleasantly, the water temperature in both showers was wildly uneven. It went from freezing to boiling and back again, and it made taking showers take twice as long because you had to hide in a corner waiting for the temperature to regulate. Again, it *sounds* minor but was a huge problem after 4 nights.But even if I gave all that a pass, the single worst thing about this hotel, why I gave it two stars, and why I won't recommend it to anybody, is that the doors, floors, ceilings, and walls are thinner than balsa wood. You can hear everything once you try to go to bed. TV across the hall? Check. Couple next door having a romantic evening? Check. Screaming baby one floor above you? Check. Cable Car bells 9 floors down and 1 block away? Check. It was horrible. The building has no A/C so you can't blast the fan to drown out the noise, it's just you and all the other visitors who tried to save a buck at the cheapo King George. I normally never complain much, I can't think of the last time I submitted a negative review about something, but this was something I had to share. Buyer beware!	
Aug 27 2008 	Great little Gem!	Loved this hotel! Cute little boutique hotel close to Union Square. It has a comfy bed and the rooms are very clean. We loved all the character of the hotel and the fact that it was only a couple of blocks to Muni and Bart. Nice lounge, nice clean bathrooms, very nice staff. Skip the diner next door for breakfast, there's a better place called David's just around the corner. We'll be staying here again!	
Jul 30 2008 	Great Stay	My friend and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights at the end of our road trip.It was an easy find and we did not have problems at all to go there by car.The hotel ist just around the Union square within walking distance to shops, restaurants etc.Very friendly and helpful staff. Room was nice and clean.My next time in San Francisco I will definetely stay there again!	
Jul 29 2008	Nice hotel great location good rates	First trip to San Francisco &amp; no idea where to stay.Finally went with the King George mainly on price and location.Got a great deal on the net through Hotels.com with a 3 for 2 offer however when checking in was informed only had a room for 2 instead of requested room for 3 - Dad, Mum &amp; 16 year old son.However receptionist quickly saved the day &amp; sorted us with an upgrade to a bigger room with 2 doubles, albeit had to pay a small surcharge.Rooms are definitely small - but adequate and very comfortable. Bathroom could be a squeeze but when are 3 people in it together? The shower was powerful and warm and the towels soft and changed daily. Overall had everything we needed.We stayed 3 nights and San Francisco is a wonderful city.Didn't really use the concierge but he appeared to be very helpful to other guests.Only tried the buffet breakfast the final day and it was really good especially for the price ($8).Drew the Barman has been mentioned in earlier reviews and he is worth a mention as good fun and a great personality with all guests.Overall then, a nice hotel and a comfortable stay. It is a great location close to Union Square. I would recommend it especially at the rates charged.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great stay for a good price	This hotel was a great find. We were booked into a hostel which we did not like at all, so our first day in San Francisco had us circling the Union Square area, looking for a hotel which had space and was affordable. Wouldn't you know, it was the last place we looked, the hotel only 2 doors down from the hostel.The staff was incredibly cheery, welcoming and gracious. The front desk agent gave us a bargain, not charging for the 3rd person or the rollaway. The king bed was clean and comfortable. There was a spacious closet, perfect for 3 girls' luggage, a pristine white bathroom, blackout curtains (always appreciated for a sleep-in) and a large window to let the sun and fresh air in. Cable TV and free wireless internet were an added bonus. There was also a charming little lounge on the main floor. We didn't actually use it, but they served continental breakfast, afternoon tea for groups on the weekend, and I think drinks in the evening. I've stayed in lots of hotels, and while this wasn't quite the Hilton, it was better than most, and totally satisfying.	
Jul 14 2008 	Had a fantastic stay	I was REALLY nervous about finding a place to stay. I read a lot of the reviews here and being my first time in San Franciso, travelling on my own, I wanted to stay some place safe but I also had a budget. I got a very good deal on the cost of the room which frightened me even more - let's just say I had kept my expectations low in preparation for what I was going to arrive to. Boy was I very suprised.Reception staff were very friendly and efficient. Yes the rooms are very tiny but they are very clean, nice decor and have everything that you could possibly need, including free internet. I was very comfortable. I had a room on a corner that must have looked over the ally way but the window was frosted anyway. I was on level 2 and had no problems at all with noise. The bed was very comfortable. There is not much closet space but I only stayed 2 nights so had no issues at all with it. The bathroom has toiletries such as shampoos, moisturiser etc. There are coffee facilities in the room as well.The location was fantastic. A block from Union Square park and right in the heart of the shopping district. Btw, if you like Mexican, there is a great take away place around the block from the hotel.The only downside I found is that the elevator is rather slow but there are stairs if you dont wish to wait.The concierge was very helpful when I was asking for assistance travelling on to my next destination, he printed timetables out for me and sorted me into a taxi. The hotel minded my luggage for the day until I left in the afternoon.I have to say, I really enjoyed my stay here and would highly recommend it for a single or couple travelling - actually have already recommended it to people I met during my sightseeing. If I am ever going to be back in San Fran, I will definately be staying here again.	
Jul 2 2008 	Great Hidden Gem	The hotel was small, but quaint and cozy. A great deal for the price in a great convenient location. Hotel staff couldn't have been nicer. When my airport shuttle didn't show up they called me a taxi and paid for it. Fun , friendly bar and bartender (Drew) made for an excellent way to end the day.	
Jul 2 2008 	Great Hotel	We wanted to find a hotel that was resonable as we were going to be in the city for 5 nights. After reviewing numerous reviews on trip advisor on the hotels, we went with King George. The hotel was great with friendly staff to greet you. Don't expect too much on the room as it was a small room but ideal for two people/couple. So don't go expecting a big room! Besides the room being very comfortable, I would say the street noises at night need time to get use to. The first couple of nights, all you can hear is the garbage can, people talking and sirens. So if you are not use to living in a downtown area with a lot of noise, you may not like it as much. We didn't mind it but it would have been nice to have the reduced level of noise coming through. Overall the hotel was really good, great location in the Union Square area and few restaurants to go to (Sears for breakfast is a must). The only downfall is probably the parking, when we had the car and ask one of the front desk on how much the parking was, I was told $20 and to park across the street. I thought, that is a pretty good deal and you can go in and out. But the next morning when we checked out, we were told we owed $28. Basically, the staff in the evening gave us the wrong rate and gave us wrong directions on how the in and out worked for the parking. I would say that probably was a bit of a turn off at the end but we enjoyed our stay at the hotel.	
Jul 2 2008 	Disappointing compared with last years stay	I stayed here last year and had a great stay and susequently left an excellent rating. However, my stay in the king george this year was a big disappointment.... the room was smaller which in itself would not be an issue but housekeeping was terrible..... our room was only half serviced each day... towels were rarely changed over the 5 night stay, coffee was never topped up in the room and the musty smell in the room was very annoying. The radiators made a loud rattle or humming sounds which we were told was because the heating is on an old steam system... We didn't experience this problem in the rooms we stayed in the year before. In addition to this there must have been a leak from the radiator as the carpet alongside the radiator was saturated and, i can only assume, most likely responsible for the musty smell in the room.The were a few things about the hotel that helped keep up the rating..... 1) Its location2) The staff (FrontDesk and especially Drew in the Bar)The hotel, as I stated in my previous review of the hotel, is excellent.... only a block from BART, shopping and other activities.The staff in the hotel were, at all time, friendly and polite. However our best experience was in the hotel Bar at night. We spent a lot of time this year in the hotel bar and were entertained each night by drew the barman. We met drew during our previous stay at the hotel in 2007 and at that time were impressed at his ability to relate to each person in the bar. Again this year he remembered us and couldn't have been anymore helpful and friendly.Another great thing about the frontdesk staff was the facility in place to advise and arrange our daytime tours and taxi's to the airport. It is these staff in the hotel that made our experience more comfortable considering the unexpected drop in standard of the rooms compared to our previous stay there.Another improvement in the hotels offering was the change to the breakfast menu..... a self service buffet replaced the original overpriced menu. The variety on offer had increased making it more suited to our needs.	
Jul 1 2008 	was OK	We have been to SFO many times and King George has always been on my list to check out. The hotel is in a good area, close to everything. It has a very european feel.We arrived in the morning and were able to get an early check in which was nice.The room was small but that is ok as we are use to smaller rooms in SFO and Europe.The main thing is that the room was clean and functional.The one thing is that we only had a ceiing fan no air conditioning and it is advertised as an Air con room but this weekend was cool and windy so air was not required anyway.We had no major problems with this hotel. There is not alot I can say about it. It was ok, not great, but not bad.We got a decent rate on the room, less than the regular rooms rates on the web site. Would I want to pay more per night...NO...as it is not worth itwould I stay again, probably not....unless the rate was so good that I could not turn down.	
Jun 26 2008 	The comfiest bed in the world!	Stayed 19-25 June 2008 and can honestly say that this is one of the best city hotels I've ever stayed in. The staff on reception were friendly and welcoming on arrival despite our late check-in. Our room was perfect. Although it didn't have the nicest of views (over a low roof and the side of the next building) it was utterly peaceful and quiet. Yes, there was a little noise from other residents in the corridor, but we heard very little from the guests in the rooms on either side.The room itself was great, we had temperatures ranging from 103 on one day to 53 the next and the heating and overhead fan were more than enough to keep the room at a comfortable temperature. The bed was the most amazingly comfy bed we've ever slept in, just what we needed after a long day hiking up the San Francisco streets!Amenity wise the room had everything you could need - a safe, an ironing board &amp; iron, coffee &amp; tea facilities, a hair dryer and even a candy jar!Our room was compact but perfectly comfortable and while the bathroom is small it's not too small and we found it easy enough to manouvre about. The sheets, towels and room in general were clean and fresh as was the rest of the hotel.Breakfast at the hotel is a typical continental breakfast. Croissant, muffins, cereals, yoghurts, fruit &amp; coffee/tea all for $7.95. There are diners either side of the hotel offering great American breakfasts too, but we found the hotel breakfast suited us better.We used the hotel bar too and while quiet, was comfortable, well priced and the staff were friendly there.The location of the hotel (2 mins from Union Square &amp; 5 mins from Powel Street Cable, Bart &amp; Muni) is second to none. The hotel is surrounded by restaurants, shops and any other amenity you could need and is perfectly placed as a base for viewing the rest of the city.All in all the King George really helped make our stay in San Francisco fantastic and I'd recommend it to anyone.Just one last thing - we transferred at JFK New York in both directions and had delays of at least an hour and in some cases 2(which caused us a bit of a panic on the way to SF although we still made it due to the efficiency of the Delta airline transfer ground staff) if you're going this way make sure you leave at least 3 hrs for transfers as delays at JFK seem to be a regular thing.	
Jun 6 2008	COURTESY DOESN'T COST A PENNY	I knew this was a budget hotel when I decided to stay here. $165 a night in San Francisco is a bargain. So I'm okay with a small room, no room service, and few amenities. What I'm not okay with is employees with nasty attitudes, confusion about check in (I was told a room was ready, went up to it with considerable luggage, only to find the housekeeper still cleaning the room, with sheets still on the floor), a failure to apologize for &quot;honest&quot; mistakes, and a lost package that no one takes responsibilty for. When I complained about the service, I was told that if I didn't like it I should look at another hotel. I will not spend another night here, that's for sure. A package left on Thursday at 4 p.m. has not been found by Friday at 9 a.m. and only after I suggested a remedy (call the person who accepted the package, whose name I have) did someone begin to start working on it. There is a big difference between a bargain and contempt for customers. Run, do not walk, away from this opportunity to experience poor service.	
Jun 5 2008 	Meh...	Well. I dunno what to say. I don't usually stay in boutique hotels, so this may be a little biased. Stayed here with a friend for a conference in mid May for about 4 nights, since all of the major chain hotels were booked solid, and this was the closest we could be to the Moscone without breaking the bank... We had a room with 2 twin beds. Room was tiny, with a tiny closet. The room had kind of this...&quot;lived in&quot; smell...like perhaps the comforters hadn't been washed for awhile, or the room was not well ventilated. Carpet was a little old. Bathroom was TINY -- kept bumping my knee against the tub everytime I went into, or out of the bathroom, but it was very clean. Lighting was rather poor, so as gals, make-up application was difficult if it wasn't in the bathroom.... On the upside, the staff was WONDERFUL! Very accommodating. Fresh apples for a snack everyday in the lobby. Although they do not have an onsite gym, they have a contract with a gym about two blocks north on Mason. Lobby was cute and I loved the spiral staircase. Only kind of sketchy thing was that at night, since the hotel is almost next door to a hostel, there were some interesting, loitering characters outside the hotel -- none of whom bothered any of the hotel guests. Hmm... so overall? Probably not bad for a boutique hotel. Migtht stay here again if I were in a bind, but not really my cup of tea.	
May 14 2008 	Very Disappointed	My travel agent booked into the King George on April 30th. We then received an email that the King George was canceling my reservation due to a 'software error'. I already had a confirmation. I called the hotel and was assured that I had a reservation. My travel agent called them and was told again that I had no reservation, but they were willing to offer me a free night on another stay. I am very disappointed with the lack of professionalism of the staff at this hotel. I will not be staying there, and I will be sure to tell anyone who asks that they do not honor reservations and when booking at the King George you do so at your own risk.	
Apr 30 2008 	Loved This Hotel.	Stayed here for one week in January, i loved it. very warm comfortable rooms and great service. It's location is excellent right next to all the shops. lovely little diner next door. could not fault it in any way. will definatley stay here again. warm welcome in a busy city.	
Apr 19 2008 	my favorite sf hotel	We first stayed at the K.G. in the 80's just after it first opened.Since the mid 90's we have returned steadily 2-3 times a year. It's so welcoming to revisit a property and be greeted by your name from a core staff that stays there many years at a time.This is a beautifully maintained older boutique hotel that is very fairly priced only a block and a half from UnionSquare.Do not expect a modern, hip,cutting edge kind of a place[there two across the street].Do expect old fashioned warmth and hospitality from a professional staff with a folksy friendliness that reminds one of a time when going to a hotel meant getting away from it all and relaxing.V. Titus Reno Nv.	
Apr 1 2008 	Pleasant Stay	We arrived on Easter Sunday, 3/23 and stayed for 4 nights leaving on Thursday, 3/27. Our request for early check-in, queen bed, and corner room were accommodated. Check-in easy and no problem. The room was on the small side but in a large older city, this is to be expected. The windows are single pained with no screens so you can literally hear everything outside from people talking, glass bottle throwers, and sirens. If that will bother you, bring plugs because I don't see that problem changing no matter what room you stay in. We bought a bottle of wine for our room and we called down to the front desk and within 5 mintues, we had wine glasses and a bottle opener sent up to our room. There is only 1 elevator so either be patient or take the sprial staircase. People who do not have luggage complain about taking the stairs but hello, you are in SF!!! Walking on an angle kinda comes with the territory!!!!! The hotel provides a cold continental breakfast but we did not take part so I can not comment. Bar area open for night until about 930ish. Nice, they even have &quot;hh&quot; prices. Drew is a nice guy! Check-out was as easy as check-in.	
Mar 15 2008 	felt deceived	I had read in a review description of the hotel that there was a gym and a spa attached to it. When I got there I found the gym was a small gym down the street that charged something like $10 to work out there and there was a separate salon down the street. The staff was friendly but the room was so small it was uncomfortable (and I lived in a 11x13' studio w/separate kitchen and bath for 6 years).Additionally I warn the elderly and people with knee problems to be careful because there are quite a few flights of stairs without elevators. The gentleman at the front is very friendly and will carry your luggage but if you have knee problems beware (I'm a Physical Therapist and have a lot of clients that would have problems with the stairs). If you do decide to go there just let them know ahead of time that you need to take the least amount of stairs possible. The parking is also far so keep this in mind (unless you get a rare spot outside the hotel).	
Mar 9 2008	strange	Recently stayed here, the rooms are very very very small but clean. Felt like I could hardly move in room. But the hotel staff is excellent friendly and helpful. Sean the concierge is excellent professional and a gentleman. Location is good for a convention. Right in the hart oof everything. Forget eating at the hotel try Lori's diner right nextdoor great food and service and reasonable prices. If the rooms were larger instead of the size of a coffin this place would be great. The only reason the place is decent is itsemployees	
Jan 24 2008	was worried but KG was a decent deal in a great locale- great staff	i was quite worried about arriving to discover i'd been booked into the local hovel, but actually, the king george is very centrally located (IN union square, across from a convenient parking lot the same rate as any nearby). it's a tiny place, but seriously well worth it. the staff was just very helpful and kind- it should be noted that when i asked if i could print out at the business center, the deskclerk offered to bring in his own flashdrive so i could print it at the desk instead of being charged. The staff was always responsive, friendly (even at 2am, when i asked for a recommendation for dim sum), and always took going out of their way as the standard, which is remarkable. and how refreshing is FREE WIFI? there on business, we worked at all hours of the day and night, and the signal was pretty decent, with a small slowdown first thing in the morning and last thing at night. i was first shown to 510, which is the size of a postage stamp, but i asked for a different room and was shown to 506, a larger room that was really comfortable. in general, the rooms are small, but this is SF. there is a corner store 2 bops away, so we were able to get water, etc for the room there. the noise level wasn't bad. lots of restaurants within spitting distance, and it was an easy walk to MacWorld. I looked high and low for rooms, read reviews, and this was the best of what i found in this price range, and I'd go back, easily.	
Jan 23 2008	Comfortable well-appointed "Old World" Hotel	I very much enjoyed my one-night stay at the King George, on a stopover between flights from Sydney and to London. Very accessible to the Powell Street BART Station. I was concerned by the look of the corridors, not due to shabbiness but the mere architecture looked.... well..... old. Once I entered my room, however, all doubts were relieved. A small but very nice room with a comfortable bed and a lot of nice touches. Free WiFi internet, cable TV, big fluffy towels and a selection of soaps. The neighborhood is rife with restaurants and theaters. I would recommend the King George to others, and I'll likely stay there again.	
Jan 2 2008 	Small Rooms Big on Location	We just returned from our first trip to San Francisco and were incredibly impressed with our stay at the King George. Our room, fitted with two twin size beds, was charming and clean. The mattress and bedding very comfortable. Yes, the rooms are on the small side and the bathroom's a tight fit, but it wasn't a problem for us. I did read all of the comments on here about the street noise, however, I learned from another couple staying there that they had no problems because they were on a higher floor. Our room was on the fourth floor facing the alleyway, so the noise was present but minimal. The staff were attentive and very helpful. On our first night, we had a problem with the radiator and maintenance came right up to help. Nothing major, just that the radiator wasn't turned on. We also got some great tips from the front desk about places we had planned visit, which added to our experience. For the price and the location this hotel just cannot be beat. I was a bit shocked at how close to everything (BART, MUNI, Union Square shopping and restaurants) it was considering the deal we had and that several higher end hotels were in the same vicinity. I felt as if we had lucked out. I can't comment on the hotel parking as we relied on public transport during our entire stay.My only complaint is the breakfast. While it's standard continental buffet fare, you can go next door to the diner and have a hearty hot breakfast for the same price.Overall, our stay was wonderful. If small rooms aren't a problem for you, then the King George is the place to stay.	
Dec 5 2007 	Excellent hotel - Great location and value	My family and I have stayed at the King George for five nights and and have enjoyed everything about the hotel. This was our first time in SF and everyone was amazingly courteous and forthcoming. They provided us with restaurant suggestions and were extremely helpful. We would certainly stay there again.	
Dec 4 2007	Stay at your own risk...	Two words. Bed Bugs. I stayed there for a weekend and walked out of there with bites all over my body, including on my face - NOT fun. While the staff was extremely apologetic and comped us our valet parking of $32, I felt they could have done more. The rooms are also very old and very small. The front door to the room isn't very solid and has a large gap underneath so you can literally hear and even see people walking by. While the staff was nice and its a good rate for the location, its not enough to convince me to stay there again.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great Place Great Price	I think this is my favorite place to stay while in San Francisco. It is super close to Union Square, and is in the $100 / night range. The rooms aren't that big; but, unless you pay $400 a night in this area, your not getting a huge room. Basically, this is a great place to stay if you plan on exploring the city. Its a clean room in a great location...what more can you ask for in the city.	
Nov 28 2007 	Nice little place	As other have mentioned, small clear room, nice location, helpful staff. Actually the bathroom was far bigger than expected, after reading the reviews before I went. The new (to me) parking ticket machine/(hotel, restaurant)validating process is quite a hassle to me. More complicated than necessary IMHO.This is one of the older hotels, a single slow elevator does solo there to serve everybody, not exactly effecient. Internet is horribly slow. Ask the desk for the connection kits if you don't have or forgot your wireless connector (for older computers of course).The sound proof is not good either, we hear people slam their doors during the day as well as late at night. Next door conversation comes as fluctuating murky noise. Our room faces the side street so the street noise is more tolerable than the neighbors.This is no better or worse than the other old hotels I've been to. But the convenient and above average safety location really helps. I stayed in Maxwell just around the corner not long ago. Somehow there're more homeless people around it than King George.	
Nov 14 2007 	Clean convenient but with heavy street noise	I stayed here for five nights on a business trip.When I arrived, the wireless internet in the rooms was down. After speaking with support, the front desk provided a &quot;wireless bridge&quot; for a refundable $150 deposit. It didn't work either. I ended up spending the evening in the &quot;bar&quot; downstairs where the wireless was working. It took a reset of the server by the day shift to get it working.The room is small, but nobody stays in the less-expensive rooms in a boutique hotel expecting to have a very large room. I had a room with two twin beds - which I wish more hotels offered. It's hard to warm up one of those monster king beds! The room was clean in every aspect. San Francisco hotels are uniformly noisy. Anyone who has read my reviews knows this. As a rule, when I book a room I ask for something away from the street in the comment section of the reservation rooms - something I repeat at the front desk upon check in.They placed me in a fourth-floor room facing a side alley. I hoped this would cut down on the traffic noise, but it did not. The room's windows were not hardly sufficient to cut down even conversation on across the street (I'm not kidding) much less the louder voices of SF's ever-present bums. That makes this hotel perhaps the noisiest of the half-dozen or so I've visited in SF.I also note the room has a steam heater and no AC. On hot days I suspect it would not be pleasant.The hotel is a doable walk on flat terrain to Moscone center. It's around the corner from Union Square. There is no arguing it is convenient.If you are substantially overweight and traveling with similarly sized companions, the elevator will be a problem for you. It is very small as US elevators go. The spiral staircase is very steep. I watched a group of obese travelers end up having to go up and down to their room one at a time.I've never understood why people who plan to spend time in San Francisco rent cars. It's a complete waste of money given the transportation options in town. If you do rent, don't rely on the valet parking here or at most other boutique hotels in the area. They park the cars well away from the hotels. There are multiple parking garages, including one right across the street.I'm not certain I'd stay here again due to the noise If all my other options were booked, I would probably think about paying up for a bigger room, which are generally on the upper floors, in hopes it would be quieter.	
Oct 9 2007 	Decent Hotel for the Room Rate	Located on Mason Street just two short blocks from Union Square. Very convenient location to restaurants theatre and shopping around Union Square. Parking garage located directly across the street with $29.50 daily rate that is competitive for San Francsico. We stayed on the first floor on the &quot;Executive Level&quot;. Good size room that was clean and quiet.Queen size bed was soft and uncomfortable. Free wireless internet was greatly appreciated. Overall a good value for an expensive area.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great location!	Found this hotel on Orbitz. For 118$ +tx, you can't beat the location.Yes the rooms are small, but, being in San Francisco, do you expect to spend all day in your room? Our room was on the 9th floor, and yes the elevator is slow (and small). But you're on vacation, so what the heck. The room itself was very nice.Lots (tons!) of places to shop/eat/drink around the hotel. There is a parking garage right across the street. 29$ for 24 hours. That's the normal price for SF. The start of the Powell/Mason cable car ride is 2 blocks away (takes you to Fisherman's wharf in 20 minutes), Chinatown is a 10 minutes walk away. We will definitely go back.	
Oct 3 2007 	Very Bad Experience	After 20 hours of travelling we arrived at the King George only to be told that there was a problem with our room. Our holiday had been booked 10 months in advance so there should not have been any such problems. I enquired to the male receptionist had the hotel been overbooked? I was told no definately not but that the pipes in our room had burst as it was an old building from 1914. We begrudingly got a taxi to the other hotel we were told they had &quot;upgraded&quot; us to as we were told there was nothing else they could do for us that night - There was no manager available so I said I would be up the next morning to speak to her. I booked the King george as it was near union square but the area around the Whitcomb (the hotel we were &quot;ugraded&quot; to) was deserted when were arrived at 10.00 - the taxi drive was also scary we drove through a not so plesant area with prostitutes, and people openly using drugs and being smaked off their heads. To cut a long story short after a sleepless night I went back to the King Georege to see the manager only to be told there was nothing they could do - after almost an hour I had to resort to getting angry and said that I was not leaving until I got a room in the King George or another hotel in the area - after a lot of hassle we were eventually given the smallest room in the hotel. The first evening we stayed in the King George we heard them tell another guest checking in that there were burst pipes in their room also and that they had been &quot;upgraded&quot; to another hotel - believe me the whitcomb is not an upgrade our room was old and smelly with twin beds (we were away for our wedding anniversary!!) it stank of stale smoke even though we requested a non smoking room. Anyway a word of warning - if you are booked into the king george and they tell you there are burst pipes in your room do not accept that old chestnut!!! The manager also told me that they do not upgrade they only offer accommodation the same price as you have paid for the King George.	
Sep 20 2007 	Fun and Friendly	The King George is ideally located just two blocks from Union square. The walk to the hotel from the Powell Bart station was only five minutes. Our room was on the first floor away from the street, so our room was very quiet. The room size was larger than expected after reading earlier reviews. Everything was neat and tidy and nicely decorated. We have no complaints at all about the hotel. The staff are extremely friendly. We enjoyed a few drinks at happy hour while the bartender entertained us with his witty sense of humour. The continental breakfast was ok but we enjoyed the dinners located next door to the hotel. The location is perfect and safe, however, areas west of the hotel are a little sketchy. Most of the tourist areas are north or east. The cable car line is two blocks away on Powell. We did not take a taxi once our entire stay in SFO. The hotel is recommended and we would definately stay here again. The value of this hotel cannot be beat.	
Sep 14 2007 	King George Hotel: Modest digs GREAT location	On a whim, my husband and I decided to visit San Francisco. We knew that we wanted to stay in a nice area of town, but that we didn't want to spend a lot of money. Enter the King George Hotel (&quot;KGH&quot;).ABOUT THE PROPERTYIf you weren't specifically looking for it, you might miss the entrance. KGH faces Mason Street, snuggled between (what appeared to be) two 50's era diners (we didn't try them out, but I'm willing to bet at least one of those diners made a pretty mean chocolate milkshake). If there's one thing you need to know about KGH, it's this: the rooms are incredibly small, like the size of my bedroom, and that INCLUDES the closet and bathroom. I'd guesstimate the average room size (with one bed -- obviously, rooms with double beds would have to be larger) to be about 14'x14'. Also, there aren't many blankets on the beds, which can be problematic if you're cold-natured, like me. So be sure to pack a pair of wool socks.If there's another thing you need to know about KGH, it's this: the room rates are incredibly low, like half of what you'd pay at any other hotel in the area. Unless you're staying at the W, and then you can expect to pay roughly 1/3 of the going rate, which means you'll be able to afford to try all those alleyway restaurants. (And believe me, they're well worth it.)LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATIONKGH is in the middle of it all: Union Square, Chinatown, Nob Hill, Downtown/Financial District, Fisherman's Wharf, the Mission, Haight-Ashbury (note: &quot;Haight&quot; is pronounced &quot;Hate&quot;), etc. KGH is about three blocks from Market Street, where you can catch nearly any bus to any of the above-named locations (and more!) or take the BART to an outlying area. It is just a block or two from tons of shopping at Union Square. It is in a safe neighborhood. Beware of homeless people though, they are all over the city and may accost you for money if you appear to friendly. Try to look gruff, if you can manage. RANDOM DETAILS ABOUT THE PROPERTYSTAFF: Ultra-friendly, ultra-helpful. Had no qualms about allowing us a late checkout (two hours late), and stowed our bags in a locked room so that we could go out for the day after checkout but before our late flight left.ELEVATOR: There is one very small, very old elevator. It can comfortably fit two people with luggage. It can snugly fit two people with luggage and two people without luggage or six people, all without luggage. Because the KGH is in such an old building, I think this type of elevator must be customary.ROOM WINDOWS: The room windows are fun because you can actually open them, all the way, and there is no screen. I don't suggest jumping. We were on the sixth floor and had a city view, which was fun because we became enchanted with the city-ness of it all. The sounds from the streets and smells from the local restaurants wafted through our room and enticed our curiosity to explore. ROOM SIZE: Rooms are small and clean. I don't suggest that you attempt fitting more than two people in a room (unless, again, you get a larger-than-standard-size room). You will LITERALLY be climbing on top of each other. Unless you're into that sort of thing.RESTROOMS: The lobby restrooms are nice, very well lit and private with full doors. I can't speak for ALL the private bathrooms, but ours was passable. It was clean, but I did have to leave a maintenance request to fix the toilet. Contrary to its purpose, the toilet did not like to flush.SPIRAL STAIRCASE: There is a very tall, very narrow spiral staircase that runs from the basement, through the lobby, to every floor of the building. Walk it once, just to say you did. Try not to get dizzy.INTERNET CONNECTION: Wi-fi is free in the hotel, which is a bonus. Sometimes it is finicky from the rooms, but keep trying. You can ALWAYS access it from the lobby.CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST: Is not free, which is fine, since there are so many awesome eateries in San Francisco anyway.WHAT TO DO IN SAN FRANCISCOThis is certainly not all-inclusive, and what you choose to do should highly depend on how much time you have and what you enjoy doing. Obviously. San Francisco is rich in culture and there is ALWAYS something going on. Things I suggest:* SELF-GUIDED DRIVING TOUR- Rent a car (conveniently, there is a Hertz car rental across the street from KGH) and drive to (a) Sausalito and (b) John Muir Woods. Be sure to stop at Stinson Beach, and take a day drive along Highway 1. Preferably in a convertible, if weather allows, or at least with a sunroof and the windows down.* CLIFF HOUSE RESTAURANT - a historical area that has been turned into an upscale restaurant. We ate in the bistro. There isn't a bad seat in the house. We were seated right next to a window that served as a beach overlook. The Cliff House is located on the West coast of San Francisco, right on the Pacific Ocean. Expect to spend around $20 per person, plus tip.* FISHERMAN'S WHARF - Very touristy, but it's kind of a place you must visit. Visit one of the first days you're in town, and the rest of the trip will be up-hill. Go hungry and get clam chowder in a bread bowl. Delicious! Wander around, maybe catch a tour to Alcatraz (or just stand and stare at it from the wharf). If you're lucky you'll have chosen a time to visit while the seals are sunning themselves on the docks. Hundreds of them - just follow the barking noise until you find them.* CHINATOWN - I love, love, love Chinatown. But that may be because I'm infatuated with Asian cultures. Move off the beaten path (tourist mecca of Grant Street, home of the three-dollar I VISITED ALCATRAZ t-shirts, cheaply embroidered coin purses and gaudy gold buddhas) and go up any of the side streets (Kearny or Stockton, for example) or tiny alleyways. THAT is where you'll find the real Chinatown. * MISSION or HAIGHT-ASHBURY - Take a bus to the Mission or Haight-Ashbury. There's a ton of nightlife that will beckon you. My favorite was Cha Cha Cha on Haight, a tapas restaurant with Sangria by the pitcher (or the glass, if you're feeling puny) and liquor-infused fruit that might knock you over after just one nibble. The music is loud and the wait is long, but the atmosphere is totally worth it. The food is pretty good, too. Be sure to order the Warm Spinach Salad. You'll fight your tablemates to lick the plate.All-in-all, KGH is a central location with great prices. I would stay there again. And San Francisco? Well, SF is a paradise for young, old, gay, straight, male, female. If you don't fall in love with the city by the time you leave, it's possible that you have no soul.	
Aug 5 2007 	Quaint place great location	After reading the reviews, I knew the room would be small so I was prepared. What I wasn't prepared for was a friendly staff, perfect location and perfect cleanliness. Of course the room was small, but you just need to suck it up. No staffer ever acted put out when I asked directions, the check in and check out was simple and you're within walking distance of the BART, MUNI, trolleys and a vibrant shopping district. For the price, I'm not sure you can get much better.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great choice value and location	I was stuck with a flight cancellation and had to fly into San Fran at 2am with no notice. I rang the hotel from the airport I was departing from, and they gave me a great $100 walk in rate over the phone. Had to cab it from airport as no people to take shuttle, hotel staff fantastic, small but clean, comfortable room with tasteful furnishings. Didn't have to check out till 1pm! perfect location and lovely lobby/bar. Have been to San Fran before and paid a lot more for really crappy places - this is a great find!	
Jul 9 2007 	Good location great service	We were very pleased with our stay at the King George. The hotel is a cute, but old place. The concierge said they opened for business in 1914; and it has that same old world charm. The room felt clean despite its age. The bathroom was tiny... but everything worked perfectly. In fact, the shower was great (good pressure). We were 3 women in a room (2 double beds), so it was a little tight in the bath. There's not really any place to plug in and hold appliances; however there is a hair dryer installed in the bathroom already. (For the other appliances, we just used them in the main room.)The best part of our stay was the service. We got in late the first night and had no problems checking in. The concierge was so helpful with every request and question - no matter which person we worked with. They know everything.We were taking the red eye out on our last day there, and wanted the day to sightsee; and there was no problems with checking our bags with the front desk. When we came back to pick up the bags they even printed us out a list of BART departures to the airport.The other plus about this hotel is the location. It's a couple of blocks to Powell Station (where you can pick up the BART), as well as the beginning of the trolley car line, and Union Square. There are Walgreens, groceries and diners surrounding it; so you never have to go far for the necessities. There's a parking garage directly across the street. I think it's rather expensive, but I think that's true all over the city.I would stay in this hotel again.	
Jun 20 2007 	Good hotel in a great location	This was a nice hotel, the rooms very a little on the small size but very pleasant. It is very centrally located within walking distance (5 minutes) of union square. There was also a diner next door that did a very good breakfast.	
Jun 1 2007 	Decent for the Price	Not exactly a 3-star hotel, but great location. Can't beat the price for this place, esp since SanFran is EXPENSIVE. The service was great; they even let us check out late. We did appreciate having free internet. The rooms really are VERY small, but like most tourists, we didn't stay in the room much, so didn't mind this. (Though there is no sink counter space in the bathroom, so if you're a couple/group of gals, this might become a problem.) One big boo-boo to this place is we found a pretty huge, unidentifiable yellow bug crawling on our bed one evening. And of course, the number of homeless people serenading us back to our hotel was quite disturbing. (Though that's pretty much the case all over.) If you stay here, I recommend Lefty O' Douls around the corner for breakfast, and Colibri's for drinks.	
May 29 2007	Good Deal for the Price	For about $100 a night you can't beat the location. Yes the rooms are tiny but who cares. We were hardly there. It doesn't make sense to pay $200+ on a crash pad. Word of caution, get a room that faces south. They are the quietest. We were booked in a room that faced Mason St and we didn't sleep a wink. The windows are paper thin. We asked to be moved and that made all the difference inthe world. We would stay there again.	
May 21 2007	Decent hotel near Union Square	Average, decent hotel. The staff is kind, the rooms are small, the location is perfect! And, they have a happy hour.	
Apr 10 2007 	Lovely hotel centrally located in Union Squre	I was a little concerned about staying here after some of the reviews I read, however, I'm so glad I did.It is a smaller boutique hotel, but it wasn't that small for a single woman traveling alone, and would have been fine if I was there with a companion as well. It had a large Queen size bed, a color tv with cable, and a ceiling fan. There was even a little one cup coffee maker in the walk in closet along with an inroom safe. The batroom was very nice, and the hotel itself was far nicer than I had imagined it would be. There were fresh, free apples on the front desk daily, and the staff were warm, friendly, and very accomodating. Everyone was kind, pleasant, and the hotel is very centrally located. You should be aware that there are alot of homeless people in the area, but no one dangerous or scary, just sad, and wanting a little handout.I enjoyed my stay a great deal. It isn't a Marriott, and while the room isn't huge, it certainly was comfortable, clean, and pleasant. The bed was delightful, and the room was very tidy.I would most certainly stay here again!	
Mar 29 2007	Not bad excellent location	We stayed at the King George on the first and last nights of our road trip around California.The hotel is in an excellent location, just off union square. We found there was huge difference between the different rooms we stayed in on our first and last nights in the US. For our first night, we booked a king size room, which was v nice - a decent size, nicely decorated, new fittings in the bathroom, so we felt some of the negative comments about the rooms being small, and about the dated decor had been unjustified. However, on our last night we had booked a queen size room, which was completely different - very small room, absolutely tiny bathroom, rather shabby decor.The bar was ok; with friendly and chatty staff and a nice atmosphere , shame there isn't a restaurant, although there are plenty of places to eat close by.Overall, not a bad hotel - could do with some updating - but in an excellent location, and fine if you are just looking for somewhere to rest your head at night. Would definitely recommend booking a king size room, as the queen rooms aren't great.	
Mar 2 2007	Great Location Nice Hotel	The King George bills themselves as a &quot;European&quot; style hotel, which means small rooms. This is OK with us, since we use a hotel mostly for sleeping, and everything else about the hotel was fine or better -- clean rooms, well maintained property, very helpful staff (especially the concierge), good prices for breakfast, and more. The best feature, though, has to be their location: very near Union Square, and walking distance to many of SF's best attractions. We've stayed here before, will do so again.	
Feb 28 2007 	Good Location	The location was fab just off Union Square so if you are going for a shopping trip this is a great Hotel.Staff were great very very friendly and extremley attentive. The rooms were a little small but had everything that you neededBut if you are a light sleeper I would not reccommend this hotel to you, The hotel does not have double glazzing and the rooms have very thin walls so we were woken everytime another guest moved around.	
Feb 8 2007 	Lovely	I was a walk-in in this case and they gave me a good rate. This hotel is adorable, very clean with nicely decorated rooms. Very central location and friendly staff. Convenient parking across the street.	
Jan 24 2007	Great location .. great property	I was at the annual fancy food show that runs for 3 days every January. This hotel was in the perfect spot (1/2 block from Union Square .... and 15 min. to conference center). As for food ... there are so many, many places to pick and choose from (all within a 5 -15 mintue walk)Oh yes everyday .... lets not forget the hotel's happy hour (the munchies are just nachos ...... but the main thing wine ..beer for $3.00/ glass ... what a grerat way to end the day .. and prepare yourself forthe evening	
Jan 17 2007 	Great location!!	I understand that maybe when you're travelling you need your space,but this hotel rooms aren't THAT tiny!I mean,of course don't expect a giant suite,expect a little city hotel.Decoration was little bit old fashioned,and the rooms..let's call them &quot;intimate&quot;.Loved the location.Near of everything,union square,market street,embarcadero,chinatown,little italy,lombard st...Very quiet at night and friendly staff.what else do you want?It would have been too perfect if the rooms also where big and hiper-luxurius!good value for the price.	
Oct 17 2006 	Not that bad!	After reading many negative reviews i was abit unsure of this hotel, but we were booked and ready to go and not being particulary picky thought we would cope if it was bad!We had booked a room for 3 so had a room with 2 doubles and we were pleasantly suprised, it was bigger than we expected,there isnt a great deal of room between beds and door but plenty enough,the cuboard easily held our 3 (large) suitcases. The bathroom was small but manageable and with a window.My main praise is the location of the hotel its well placed just around the corner from union square,shopping,resturants and cable cars it was excellent!The hotel was very clean ...maybe of a certain age but its well kept in my opinion,the staff were pleasant enough too! And there was not much noise for a city (we were 6 floor)Id stay again the ritz its not but its a great base for exploring the city	
Sep 26 2006	A View from a Skeptic	Very comfortable, VERY Clean for it’s age, staff outstanding!!!!Will I stay again? YES!!!!! Rooms are small, bathroom very tight but super clean and of the era, our room was in the rear of the hotel with a medium size window to the adjacent building kind of New Yorkish only NO NOISE.. We slept like we should on our anniversary, it was! @#$% fantastic Breakfast at the hotel needs improvement, but on both sides are two restaurants we visited both in the morning on separate days I give the both 4.5 stars for everything.. good wholesome cooking ( My favorite was the one up the hill 12 steeps from the door.)We visited several restaurants in the area and never had less than an excellent meal, as for the Warf if you don’t visit “the Crab House” you will miss out big time.. My wife had the crab sandwich of some sort and I had crab linguine, I had a hard time finding the noodles.. ( that’s Good)Overall ……Fun City, Great food, Supper easy to get around… Don’t bother renting a car….. Watch out for the “Bush Man”Have funM&amp;K San Diego	
Sep 15 2006	Smallest rooms I've ever seen	Do not stay here if you have claustrophobia. The rooms are unbelievably tiny. There is barely room for two twin beds in the bedroom. The closet has enough room for a single suitcase. The bathroom is the size of a port-a-potty. I literally have never seen a smaller hotel room in my life - anywhere, at any price.	
Sep 11 2006 	Wouldn't stay again	I stayed for 2 nights in August '06. Room was small. Hotel is very old and it shows everywhere...hallways, doors, inside the room, stairs. Hotel can be used in a horror movie. Bathroom is aweful. There is no vanity counter, just a pedestal. Only good thing is the free high speed internet in every room. Service was fine. I would not want to stay here again. I stayed at Adagio, Nikko and Hyatt before. I like Adagio the best but they have raised their rates so it is quite expensive to stay there now. Hyatt has a nice gym and free internet access in the lobby.	
Aug 31 2006 	tiny rooms	this hotel is past its sell by date, the rooms are just to small the bathroom is tiny you have to close the door to use the sink, we read the reviews before our stay so knew what to expect, but l wish we had cacelled, four people with luggage just cannot fit in these rooms, theres nowhere to hang your clothes had a built in wardrobe but had to use this to store our luggage. i am 5ft 10 but the bed was too short. all the doors do not fit the frames have large gaps around them. the whole hotel has a worn and old feel to it and reminds me of hotels i used to stay in the 50s and 60s with my parents.the one good point is the staff are helpful, however the breakfast is just not worth the money, theres a really good place next door to eat	
Jul 7 2006	Feeling at home	Needless to say, great price (I paid about $150 per night occupying with 3 people), great location (only a block away from the Union Square, close to cable cars and shops). I stayed in a double room with my family for three nights and the room was excellent (for the price, of course)! What I liked was that there was a window in the bathroom. That gave me a feeling as if I was actually living in an apartment in SF! Hotel staff was always nice and helpful. Just one negative thing was bed matress was a bit too soft for me (maybe it was because it's pretty old). If I have another chance to travel to SF, I will definitely stay at King George again.	
Jun 20 2006	Location Location Location	You cant beat the location right in Union square a block off the trolley line and other public transportation. If you are a budget traveler this is the place for you. It is not the Fairmont, but easily fits within a 3 star category, and for the low $100s or less it is a steal and a half. Parking is expensive ($26 a day), so budget that into the price. The room was small but comfortable, quiet, hot water, free high speed internet, friendly staff, etc.	
May 30 2006	Totally Okay	Tiny, tiny rooms, horrible breakfast - do not buy the breakfast package, there are a lot of fun diners nearby...BUT, great value if you pay around $100, decent service, quiet, clean rooms in the back, excellent location....it's a tradeoff.	
Apr 17 2006	Decent place and great value for the money	For $120/night near Union Square, I wans't disappointed. Pluses: Location, the friendly staff, location, and the friendly bar in the back. The room was very clean. Oh, did I mention location?Minuses: The room was tiny -- it even was a &quot;deluxe&quot; room. There was about 2-3 feet of open space perimeter around the bed. Needed some patience for the shower water to warm up. Room faced some sort of gap between adjacent buildings -- not exactly a good view.Overall, I'd stay there again.	
Apr 5 2006	This is not a bad hotel	Ok---everyone's right---the rooms are small and the bathroom is the size of a postage stamp. But for the one night we stayed, it was fine. Our room was clean and quiet and the staff was helpful. As for having to step over homeless people to get there as one reviewer said---well, unfortunately you have to step over homeless people to get to the Hyatt and every other hotel in San Francisco. The King George is in a good location----just a couple blocks from the cable car and an easy walk to good restaurants (go to John's Grill for dinner) and interesting stores. We had an internet deal and didn't have a car to park, so for the price, the King George worked well for us. We would consider staying there again.	
Mar 9 2006	TERRIBLE	Irresponsible, inattentive and unreliable. Overall a disastrous experience. Not recommended.	
Feb 23 2006	Very Small Room for even 2 People	We recently came to SF for a long weekend and decided to stay here given the great location in Union Square (close to the Bart, shopping, chinatown, restaurants, car rentals). I have to give credit for the location!As for the room, good thing we were just there in the evening (just to sleep) and we are out all day. The room was very very small. I would say about 12 x 12. We were on the 3rd floor, not much noise surprisingly. Right when you walk in the bathroom was on the right, fairly clean, but very old (industrial toilet, peeled wall paper) and would only fit one person at a time. The closet was so small didn't even fit our roll-on suitcase. The bed was 5 feet from the entrance and took up most of the space in the room, there was a desk, 2 nightstands, chair and a tv stand so basically very limited walking room. We had to strategically move around each other so that we didn't bump into each other. So if you don't plan to hang out in your room, this is a good place to stay given the GREAT location.	
Nov 15 2005	Good Situation	Stayed at this hotel for 7 nights. We found it adequate, clean bedrooms, good bathrooms; but room was a little on small size.Very well placed for central San Francisco.The staff very friendly and helpfulWe enjoyed our stay both the hotel and the city!!	
Oct 6 2005	Teeny Tiny Room	To be fair, the staff was very courteous and helpful. That being said, the room was so small that two people and their luggage just didn't fit. We spent the two days tripping over each others stuff.There was only one chair, so someone always had to sit on the bed. The window was 'frosted' and opened onto a dirty and dark air shaft. Also - there is no air conditioning - just a ceiling fan. The nights we were there were cool, so this was fine. In the heat of the summer, it would have been unbearable.There are far better *deals* in the S. F. area.	
Oct 4 2005	Bad Advertising: The King George is not a Boutique Hotel	The King George is a very European hotel - nice bar and small lobby. The rooms, however, vary in size - and the one we had for the first two days of our stay was so tiny that my husband and I couldn't turn around at the same time and the bathroom mirror was divided at the room side so that one could only see a couple of inches in front of one! (Made it hard to put on makeup:)We were moved for the last two nights (they claimed they were full and could not move us earlier) to a slightly larger room. Nice, international group of people both staying and working at the King George - but I've stayed at better small &quot;boutique&quot; hotels in the Union Square area than this.	
Sep 22 2005	Just about neutral	I tried booking with them directly through their reservation system, but they screwed it up. We were unsure of our dates and the reservation clerk said the hotel can put the rooms on hold for us. Then he started reading out their cancelation policy!!! He was not making a &quot;hold&quot; he was making the actual reservation. After clarifying our position, the reservation clerk still messed up. When we arrived we had no reservation.The front desk clerk found us a room and gave us a price break for the inconvenience. I would have rather avoided the thought of not having a room. The front desk clerk was understanding.The hotel is rather old and the rooms are small. The floors in the hotel rooms can do with a serious steam clean. Overall the rooms kind of felt like a bed and breakfast room.Highlights: The price is very reasonable for its location. One block from Union Square and the hotel has parking two feet from the hotel.Don't expect thrills, but this is a place you can stay for a short trip.	
Sep 21 2005	Umm ??	We stayed for 3 nights during Sept and have a mixed view. Our (twin) room was on the side (4th floor) and one night we were kept awake by the voice of a lady begging for money. Lots more begging went on outside the hotel. The room was small but clean with a large storage area for luggage. The bathroom was also clean with a great powerful shower. The lobby and bar areas are luxurious - the bar lady was great, really chatty and full of information re SF. If you use the car park opposite pay at the hotel Reception and save yourself a couple of $s. The porters are v helpful and attentive. If there are more then 3 of you consider using the limosine around town its also cheaper than the shuttle bus to the airport. Lots of places to eat nearby, v good location for Union Square, the shops (Macys, Crate &amp; Barrel, GAP etc), China Town and the cabel car stops. We actually walked to Pier 39 - its not that far. Over all - average to good memories.	
Sep 20 2005	Good value location excellent service	IN S.F. for Fringe Festival. Stayed 1 night. Perfect location for this. Excellent, helpful staff. Room was ready at 11am on crowded weekend. Upgraded free to 2-bed room from single queen since latter was unavailable, so room was larger than expected. 8th floor, view only of other buildings but room was in an odd corner so there was light and air in both main room and bathroom. Free safe in closet. Free high speed internet in room (ethernet cable provided). Free and enthusiastic storage of bags for several hours after checkout. Parking expensive-Not odd for S.F. but still, if you are driving into the city the $150 room becomes a $180 room.	
Sep 10 2005	Value for money hotel in SF	Very good location - close to Union Square and mainstreets in San Francisco.First impression is very good when you arrive at the hotel - as everything on the lobby floor is up to a very high standard (even the restrooms are the most flashy in SF) - but when you move up the floors things are more &quot;used&quot;..... We stayed here for 2 nights in a room with street view. A bit noisy during nights, but that was to be expected with a street view in San Francisco!!! :-)The room was nice and clean! It seems that the two street view rooms on each floor are larger than the rest (though still small compared to most other hotel rooms). Rooms with a street view has number 0 and 1 on each floor (e.g. 700 and 701) - number 0 is next to the elevator so it might be better to ask for room number 1 for a fairly large room with a nice street view.Breakfast OK, free internet (not wireless in the rooms), concierge very service minded.	
Aug 28 2005	Awful!	This hotel was so awful that we actually canceled our second night and checked out the same night we checked in. We had family staying at the Hilton so we chose to sleep on a cot in their room instead! The lobby is deceivingly nice....but once you get up the stairs, you feel like you are checking into a college dorm. The room was smaller than a NY studio apartment and not clean. The bathroom tile that was supposed to be white, was not. The toilet was equivalent to a gas station rest stop facility and made an awfully loud noise each time it was flushed. I guess stepping over the homeless people as we went to check in should have given us our first clue. It's worth it to pay more when staying in San Francisco.john, nj	
Jul 6 2005	Nice Service	I love San Francisco and the King George Hotel is a great place for accommodations. The hotel like most in SF is not very spacious but its nice, clean and has a very friendly and helpful staff. And the location is perfect. It's in Union Square, so you would be in walking distance from all the shops (Nordstrom, Macy's, etc.), cafes (there is one literally on every corner), bars and restaurants. And most importantly the cable car station, a must for an SF visit. Great place to stay if you don't want to splurge on an ultra-expensive room.	
Jun 25 2005	Reasonable hotel	This hotel is in an ideal position right near Union Square but this also means that it is noisy. Not as nice as other 3 star hotels we have stayed in but ok for a couple of nights.	
Mar 26 2005	Stay here for the location	The best thing about this hotel is the location. Only a block from Union Square. The rooms are small - I stayed in a queen bedded room and it felt cramped. The bathroom was equally tiny. Would have been way too small for two people. If you can get this hotel at a good rate - go for the location. Be aware that the undesireable Tenderloin district is nearby - if you are walking alone at night plan all your journeys via Union Square.	
Mar 17 2005 	A good deal near Union Square	I've been travelling to an annual San Francisco convention almost every year for, let's say, longer than I care to remember. I must have stayed at a dozen or so hotels over that time, some more than once, and most of them near the Moscone convention centre and Union Square. I find the King George usually offers the best value and have stayed there most often. If you book a hotel near Union Square, you have chosen a bustling, noisy environment - and that, in the US, means indigents and a feeling of insecurity. If you want a calmer exterior environment, stay elsewhere!Especially since the interior was remodelled two or three years ago, the King George offers a comfortable and calm environment. Yes, the rooms are small and the plumbing fitments old, but they are spotlessly clean and well serviced. For me, the thing that gives the King George the edge over other mid-priced hotels around Union Square is that the management seems to be trying really hard to make you feel at home. Free broadband access is one plus, but little things such as a jar of sweets on the dressing table, make it feel really comfortable. The King George also usually offers me a price a few dollars lower than the (also good) Warwick Regis or Maxwell, and quite a bit lower than the likes of the larger Marriott, Renaissance or Nikko. If you're mad enough to bring a car into SF, the King George offers a discounted rate at the parking garage immediately opposite. They also offer discounted rates at a nearby health club.Finally, I would endorse another reviewer's recommendation of the diner next door, either for breakfast or a snack.	
Jan 12 2005	this side of the ghetto	Stayed there for 2 nights in June. Stepped over a man lying on the sidewalk to get to the hotel. He was still there hours later. Clean but incredibly small. Beggers all around this hotel and they can get aggressive. Next door restaurant is a good deal- saw lots of cops eat there. Good thing. Staff tried to find a problem with my internet reservation- gave up after several calls and my persistence. Door man barely helpful- after check out he sat next to where I was struggling with my bags and didnt even offer to open the door. Ill stay further in and pay the higher price next time.	
Jan 6 2005	Convenient	I stayed here in December for 1 night. My first room was right by the elevator, which I immediately changed. My second room was fine for what I needed: shower and sleep. It was tastefully decorated, perhaps a little cramped. My friend, right next door, had a much bigger room. Maybe because she's a woman. At times, the floor was quiet, but I had this loud couple next door fighting and to add even more noise, a crying baby. The best thing about this hotel was the location. The night club we went to was a block away, Ruby Skye. The diners were great too, because they allowed us more late night choices right near the hotel. If I stay here again, I'd do what my friend did and bring ear plugs. The staff was great!	
Jan 3 2005	I wouldn't recommend it to you...	We stayed for 3 days and 3 nights there. The only good thing about this hotel was Location. It was one block away from Union Square where you can catch the cable car to fisherman's wharf or get on a bus to Haight Asbury. The bad things about this hotel was: 1. The room is VERY VERY SMALL. I live in a small junior one bedroom in DC so I am pretty much used to small space and maximizing a small room but this room... I'd have to agree to other reviewer's comment that it's almost closter phobic to sleep in. They put too much stuff in the room which made it even worst. 2. Everymorning at 8.00 the cleaning service will knock on your door and ask you whether you want your room to be clean. WHO DOES THAT??? I have never stayed in a hotel where they wake you up to clean the room. I know some people like waking up early on their vacation to get the most of the city but some DON'T. and since this hotel has no sound proof doors then you will hear the lady said those words repeatedly to every door in the hall way. I am really disappointed with this hotel, especially after reading the wonderful reviews from tripadvisor.	
Dec 27 2004	Good Value but bring ear plugs	While I do agree with the other reviewers that this hotel is a great value, I must also say that it is the noisiest hotel I've ever stayed at in my life. I stay in NY a lot for work and the noise level outside this hotel was a million times worse than anything I've ever encountered there. The hotel is clean and the service is very good and friendly. It is in a very convenient location, but also located between some 24 hour diners which may have contributed to the noise level. I was with my family and we had 4 rooms total and none of us slept a wink the entire two nights we were there. There's not much insulation and the windows in the bathroom are slatted panes of glass that makes it sound like the window is open. Maybe if you go and stay at the back of the hotel or bring ear plugs, you might do okay.	
Dec 16 2004	BEST VALUE!	Found this hotel via some local friends and it was great location, quite, nice staff and CLEAN. The Value was every other hotel they looked at was twice the price and half as nice.	
Dec 16 2004	Mold in my room.	I entered room 300, the room smelled musty, there was a hair on the toilet and hair in the bed sheets. I checked behind the curtain, located behind the bed, and there was mold growing on the wall.I called the front desk and the lady gave me attitude. She said, &quot;I could only change rooms once&quot; She didn't even apologize for the mold in my room all she said was, &quot;Did you check it before you entered?&quot;.The new room was an improvement, but I will never stay there again. Every time I left the hotel and came back, the hotel staff never greeted me.	
Dec 1 2004	Great find!	We have been staying at the King George for nearly 25 years and have recommended it to friends who also enjoy this hotel. Yes, the rooms are very small and the elevator is a bit slow but this adds to its charm. It is much like a typical European hotel. The hotel has always been spotlessly clean and the staff friendly and helpful. The location is perfect - walking distance to many sights, safe, and there are lots of places to eat nearby. I really don't think you can beat the price on this hotel either!	
Nov 29 2004 	Great little hotel	Been to this excellent hotel three times now, for week-long stays with work. The recent(ish) addition of broadband in rooms only adds to the great value you get here. The rooms are maybe not huge, but they are comfortable and clean, and the staff very friendly. Problems - I've only ever had one - are promptly and courteously sorted out. Location is also excellent (check out the diner on your right as you leave the hotel - it's great!). I won't be staying anywhere else next time I visit SF.	
Nov 16 2004	Great Location - Good Value	Stayed there this Labor day weekend and had a great time. Hotel was clean, friendly staff, great location 1/2 block from Union Square and cool little wine bar. Would stay there anytime.	
Nov 15 2004	Try someplace else	King George Hotel is clean and the staff is very helpful.....but that's about it. Rooms are very small....can't stay more than one night here. Bathroom is ok but tight. Hallways are institutional looking and antisceptic. One tiny elevator that comes slowly....don't stay on upper floors. I know that the rates are good but I think we could have found someplace better for the same price. Look further if you are considering this hotel.	
Oct 14 2004	Great location!	We have stayed at the King George twice and enjoyed it both times. Our most recent visit was October 2004. It is extremely well located, quiet and the King size bed was very comfortable.The rooms are small but so is the price. We will stay there again.	
Oct 5 2004	great	Don't believe whqat you read.....The King George is a fine hotel. Very close to Union Square (2 min walk) and right in the heart of the action. We stayed for 5 days and really liked it. The rooms aren't huge, but who stays in their hotel room all day in San Fran anyway???2 suggestions...ask for a first floor room as the elevator is very slow...get a room in the centre of the hotel..no view but cuts out the noise as SF is very loud at night.	
Sep 27 2004	you get what u pay for	Not a great place. Small rooms kept fair. Not a lot of room to move around in. Great location to clubs, but just up the road much better accomodations for a few more dollars. Don't expect 4 people to fit in comfortably.	
Jun 15 2004	Great little deal	Stayed at the hotel April 26-30, 2004 for business and thought it was just right. Good location &amp; very reasonable. The rooms are small (more European than American-sized), but mine was clean and had everything I needed. The staff was friendly and helpful. Afternoon stops at the bar were always enjoyable with lots of helpful tips for places to go from the bartender. The only other caveat (first being if room size is important, consider something else) is breakfast: unless you're not at all picky, go out.	
May 20 2004	Great value and location!	We got a GREAT deal on this hotel, but even at the regular rate it's a steal for the location - not even a full block from the heart of Union Square. Our room was small, but it doesn't seem like any of the other hotels in this area have much larger rooms either, and chances are if you are in this area you are there to shop and won't be spending much time in your hotel anyhow! The staff was sooo friendly, helpful, and efficient. The hotel itself was cute, clean and I swear I had the best night's sleep of my life in the bed. Yes, you can hear the sounds of the city, but you are IN THE CITY! One night we had a man wandering the alley playing blues on his harmonica... it was kind of nice! The rooms also have nice big baths and were really clean. I will definitely return.	
May 4 2004	Diamond in The City	Boutique hotel in the heart and pulse of the city with an excellent location to all city transportation. Very strong emphasis on cleanliness of both rooms and hotel. Customer service is friendly and professional. Rooms are a bit small, not air conditioned but are very updated and stylish. Great Value!	
May 1 2004	Great Location - Small Rooms	For the price we paid ($89 per night), the King George provided a clean room with all of the top amenities. Great Location. Free Internet. Spotless Bathroom. However, it was 90 degrees during our stay and our room did not have air conditioning, but a cieling fan. That was adequate during the day, but at night, their was lots of 'urban' noise to be heard on the eigth floor. I would stay their again only if you get a room that has a window in the bathroom and in the sleeping area.	
Apr 29 2004	Good deal for the money	Hotel is clean and in a good location. Staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms can be a little small. DO NOT get a room next to the elevator. They are bigger, but they are noisy from the elevator traffic.	
Mar 31 2004	Good; would stay there again	My wife and I and two kids stayed at the King George for 3 nights. The room (a &quot;deluxe&quot; double) was small and a little funky, but hey, it's an old hotel, and we find that charming. Great location. Free in-room Internet. The only complaint: we got the bed/breakfast combo, and the continental breakfast they offer is not enough to feed even a 6-year-old: a single bagel or muffin, a small cup of fruit, and one glass of juice. But then, there are a million little cafes in the area. Bottom line: we'd stay at the King George again.	
Mar 25 2004	Don't know why the King George gets such rave reviews.	We stayed at The King George Hotel about a year ago, because we thought the price was extremely reasonable and the reviews of the place were excellent. We knew we were getting a room with two twin beds, but were shocked to see how tiny (almost claustrophobic) the room was. The worst part, though, was that one of the beds was lumpy. I believe it actually had broken springs! I brought this to the attention of the hotel when we checked out, and got kind of an odd response. I expected shock, and perhaps a rebate. Instead I was given...an apology.	
Mar 23 2004	What a GEM	Stayed at the King George from 27 Feb to 2 Mar 04 - Not Long enough!!! Old worlde charm, value for Money $94.00 from their website. Location Perfect! Just around the corner (1minute) from Union Square &amp; Cable cars. But most importantly (well for me) is that the rooms were SPOTLESSLY CLEAN. True the rooms are on the small side &amp; the walls a little thin. But it's a lovely hotel, &amp; we will definetly stay there again.	
Mar 20 2004	Decent place; recommended	This place is pretty good. It's an old building, so don't expect too much. Our room was small, but clean. The bathroom was also very small. Can't beat the price for this location, unless you want to stay somewhere sketchy (this place is definitely NOT sketchy). I don't recommend the diner place next door - it's way overpriced and you don't get much . I would stay here again.	
Mar 13 2004	Good for the Price	I disagree with some of the negative reviews I have read about the King George. My husband and I visited the King George in July and, I admit, the lack of air conditioning did concern me. I need not have been concerned, for even in July the weather at night cools down and with the window open and the fan going a spoiled New Yorker was able to sleep like a baby! I also don't understand complaints about the bar. Yes it is small, but why spend time in your hotel bar when there are so many fabulous places to go in the city! For the amount of time you spend in your hotel room in such a place like San Francisco, many of the complaints are not warranted. I found the staff extremely friendly and helpful and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an affordable place to stay in an otherwise very expensive city.	
Feb 20 2004	good value and location	Great location if you want to be in the heart of tourist San Francisco, just off Union Square. Rooms are small and modestly furnished, but still clean and comfortable; staff is pleasant. Our room overlooked some roofs, not the street, and was quiet. For the $112 we paid for a Saturday night in February, I thought it was a good value.	
Jan 27 2004	Best value at Union Square!	This downtown hotel is a MONUMENTAL VALUE. Freshly decorated rooms and corridors, attractive quality furnishings, and nicely renovated bathrooms. (If you're complaining about this hotel, then you haven't traveled much and especially not much to San Francisco.) Parking was a breeze, value-priced, and highly convenient. Cocktails and sodas were readily available, through a psuedo honor bar room service or in the newly-renovated and charming lobby lounge area. Nice quality sheets, towels, and amenities, comfortable desk and lounge chairs were in my room. I was treated warmly throughout my visit. You cannot beat this hotel for this price, in this location--it is just not possible. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
Oct 24 2003	A Well Kept Secret!	It was such a pleasant surprise to come upon this hotel! I travel 30-45% of the year and have seen some doozies! This hotel was so nice to come home to after a hard tradeshow day. The decor is awesome and the hotel is VERY clean! My bathroom was always sparkling. Location is most important and being in the heart of Union Square cannot be beat. There are several wonderful little restaurants walking distance (5 minutes away). You won't be disappointed with this one!	
Oct 17 2003	Enjoyed our stay	Finding any hotel in a major city is always difficult, especially if you're travelling on a budget. We found the King George Hotel to meet all of our expectations at a very reasonable rate. It's location was ideal because we didn't have a car while staying in San Francisco. One day we took the cable cars to Fisherman's Wharf and another we walked to Chinatown. There are many good restaurants to choose from around the establishment and the staff was happy to recommend a place to try. In the evening we enjoyed drinks and a jazz band in the lounge. The rooms were small but not uncomfortable (what do you expect for a hotel in the city?). Anyway, there are so many things to do that staying in the room seems silly. Overall, the hotel was charming and the staff friendly. We will definately stay again when we go back.	
Oct 7 2003	Better off somewhere else	Average location overall, prime location for shoppers. Small rooms (though we had an unusually large bathroom) of standard quality. The King George Hotel is just nothing special...	
Sep 15 2003	Don't Stay Here!!!	Staying at this hotel was probably one of the worst experiences of my travels, and I have travelled extensively. First, it should be noted that there is no air conditioning in the rooms. Not normally a big deal in San Francisco, but if the temperature gets above 80, watch out. Next, they do not have a full service bar. Instead, you may have wine, champagne or beer, and if you want a soda, forget it. This is conveyed to you in a rather rude way by the staff. My wife was 2/3 of the way through with the beer she ordered and the barkeep/waiter took it away; since she hadn't had a drink in a few minutes he assumed she was done. No apolgy for this was forthecoming. Our room was not cleaned the first day until after 3 pm, and only then becasue one our party asked for it to be done. The response was a rather lathargic, I'll look into it. So if you hope to have your room cleaned before noon, look somewhere else. Lastly (and probably most importantly), they lost my rental car with their valet service. They request that you notify them 30 minutes in advance to have your vehicle ready. I had done that the previous day and it took them 45 to get the car to me, so we were late to the wedding we were attending. The next day I asked for the car 45 minutes before I had to leave to catch my plane, having learned my lesson. When the car wasn't there, I asked the counter person where the car was. He said in a rather sheepish voice, &quot;I don't know. We can't seem to find it.&quot; This is not what you want to hear before you fly home. I gave a complete description of my car, and eventually the valet arrived...with the wrong car. He tried to give me the keys to the vehicle, which was the wrong make and color. After I told him it wasn't my vehicle he left. I began to wonder if my car had been given away to someone else, especially since I was not asked for a receipt for the car he tried to give me. I asked the counter person for a update on my vehicle and he said that it was in the hands of the valets, and not his problem. While I expressed my concerns to the counter person, I asked for the manager. The lady that had been standing next to the gentleman throughout this incident sneered, &quot;I'm the manager.&quot; She had watched her employee running about for quite some time and never bothered to introduce herself to me or help resolve the problem until I asked. She did not do anything to alleviate my concerns, but rather left, talking on her cell phone. Again, after some time, the counter person said that the car was still missing, but I could take their hotel vehicle (at no charge to me) to the airport and they would return my vehicle. After an hour had gone by, I thought for sure that I would never make my pending flight. Eventually the car was found, after a rather intense hour and 15 minutes. When the valet arrived, he had the nerve to wait to be tiped. My opinion is mistakes happen, but you know the worst thing about this? There was no apology from anyone on staff! No one seemed to care, and the manager in particular was very rude. I asked her to inform my friends who were also staying there that I had found my car and was leaving without saying goodbye. My friends had graciouslly gone to the parking garage and were looking for my car. The manager assured me that they would be told that I was on my way with my vehicle. She then turned without saying another word, and walked into the hotel. The lack of care or sympathy from her was mind-boggling. I found out later that the message never got delivered to my friends. Instead, they searched for another half hour without being told. I have never seen such a poorly run, poorly operated, poorly equipped and poorly trained staff. The hotel is an embarassment, and I would recommend any other place than this. A vary sad fact is that if you want quant, this is it. If you want service, a Motel 6 or Super 8 has this place beat. I hope sincerely that the owner of the hotel reads this review and looks into what his/her hotel has become.	
Sep 15 2003	Great Location So So Rooms	I used this site to pick the King George and got a low cost rate. I have a feeling their rack rates are high and then they discount heavily, to give the impression you are getting a bargain. The location can't be faulted. It is central to everything, and within say, 200 metres to the cable cars, Union square and major shops on Powell St. The staff were efficient and friendly. The rooms are tiny just the bed and a chair or two and a writing table. Separate bathroom and full bath. No air conditioning just a fan. It was very hot the 3 days I was there in September because the wall faced the afternoon sun. Thank goodness I could open the window to cool it down. No mini bar but an in room safe. Usual TV video games etc. The solitary lift in this old building is renovated but can take a while in peak periods. Using the stairs is ok, but hang on they are steep and only fit one person! Heart attack material by the eighth floor! I prefer the Cartwright Hotel for a similar old world renovated style but it is higher up on Sutter St near the Crowne Plaza and Westin. Overall the King George is in a great location with so so small rooms. They are clean and tidy, fine for a quick stopover or business trip but nothing to write home about.	
Sep 10 2003	Recommend	I was staying in the hotel for one week. I could get a room for 85$ per day. As required, I got a quiet room (it was at the very end of the 4th floor). The room was relatively small, but well equipped. I think the price of 85$ cannot be beaten by any other hotel around. Hotel staff acted very professional. Would go there again.	
Sep 2 2003	A Great Deal		
Aug 30 2003	Not bad		
Jul 26 2003	Great Decor Great Staff Great Value!!!		
Jul 14 2003	Good location Poor rooms		
Jun 29 2003	Great Hotel!		
Jun 25 2003	Great value!		
Jun 4 2003	Great Boutique Hotel!		
Apr 12 2003	Super location great staff!		
Mar 4 2003	Cozy		
Nov 3 2002	Great Union Square Location		
Nov 23 2009 	Posizione strategica		
Nov 2 2009 	Bon Hotel bien situé		
Sep 22 2009 	Personnel acceuillant mais ...		
Sep 11 2009 	Bien ubicado y confortable		
Sep 1 2009 	Idéalement situé		
Mar 31 2009 	?????		
Feb 8 2009 	??????????????????		
Jan 18 2009 	Wir waren leider gar nicht begeistert...		
Sep 13 2008 	Ottima posizione per visitare la città		
May 28 2008 	Propre et bien situé		
Sep 19 2007 	Hotel bien situé		
Sep 14 2006	Bel emplacement. Petit-déjeuner à éviter		
