Jul 6 2009 	DON'T STAY HERE	It was so foul we filled a complaint! the shower wouls not drain, trash was left around the room including an empty toilet paper roll, the remoate didn't work, there was a large burn on one of the bedspreads (non-smoking room) and a poor homeless man slept beneath out window.The owner became cross and shouted when we told him of the problems. He then offered $40 dollars off if we'd sign a paper saying we were happy with our stay. The Days Inn 800 number will give you a run around. I've waited past the date they told me they would contact me to resolve the problems. When i called this morning, they offered me $66 because, in the exact words of the young man i spoke with, &quot;I'd like to bury this case.&quot; No one is interested in inspecting the hotel and fixing the problems no paying guest should ever endure.Days Inn is not a bargin. It's a freaking nightmare!	
Mar 5 2009 	San Fran for $64 a night??	I am not sure what everyone else wants for less then $100 a night, but my husband and I thought it was much better then expected. The room is very clean, the staff was polite, the parking was free and plentiful. It isn't in the middle of town, but the #18 bus runs right outside. We took that to the train, and went to Chinatown, Fishermen's Wharf, etc. I was willing to sleep in a $64 dollar a night hotel, but got a $150 dollar a night hotel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Not bad on a budget	If you’re on a budget looking to stay in San Francisco, particularly in the Sunset District, I’d recommend this Days Inn. We paid about $169 for a king room for two nights without problem or incident over the Valentine’s weekend. Things that we liked: 1) All rooms come with a refrigerator and microwave. That’s great when you’re on a budget because it allowed us to stock up at the nearby Safeway to avoid eating out too much. 2) The room and bathroom was clean. 3) Location is right across from the SF Zoo and 3 or 4 blocks away from the beach. 4) Lots of nearby restaurants when you do decide to go out. We walked down the street and had a wonderful breakfast at John’s Ocean Beach café. One night we ordered pizza from Pizza Noriega which was a short drive away. And for our last night we had Chinese at the wonderful Taipei Restaurant off Ocean Ave. Everything’s just a short drive away. 5) Free parking and WiFi. This is a big deal if you stay in SF because many hotels will charge anywhere from $20 to $40 a night just for parking.Things we didn’t like: 1) The smell of cigarette smoke permeated the hallways, but we were relieved to not find the smell in our non-smoking room. 2) Parking, although free, was cramped, even though we were in a compact car. 3) The walls seem pretty thin as we could clearly hear the couple next door arguing with each other. 4) The heater/air conditioning unit was really loud.Aside from that, I couldn’t really comment on the continental breakfast because we usually either dined out or had things in the fridge. In conclusion, I wasn’t expecting anything fancy, but I also didn’t notice anything horrendous. I would definitely consider this hotel again if I were coming back to the Sunset District.	
Oct 2 2008 	Clean and adequate	This place was convenient to my purpose (taking a language class at the nearby Irish Cultural Center) so it was fine. The place was fairly clean, except for a wet spot in the carpet when we checked in. I was able to check in early, which mostly involved dropping off my luggage at noon while I went to visit the zoo across the street with a friend. When I checked in, I was asked if I was paying or my friend was paying (we were both using the room), and I said it was half/half. He gave my card back. When we tried to get in the next day, it was locked - I had to go give my card again for the rest of the stay. He should have taken care of it when we checked in!There were some strange folks hanging out about in front of the hotel the nights we were there, and one night they came inside - evidently they were guests as well (a group of young men, rather rowdy). However, it was quiet inside the room, no worries. I checked out quickly for my early morning flight. Continental breakfast was pre-wrapped danish and juice, tea. We passed and went to a GREAT breakfast place about two blocks down towards the beach with wonderful omelettes.	
Sep 11 2008 	Confirm reservation and beware!	I booked this room for my wife and son through Cheaptickets.com. I had stayed here in May and found the room acceptable and fairly clean. I booked for my wife a Non -smoking room and called a few days before to make sure it was on the books. My wife arrived (it's the only hotel near my son's college) and her credit card was swiped. She went to her room to find a smoke stenched smelling room. She went to the desk and explained she had a non - smoking ( with a copy of the reservation confirmation in hand) We had booked the hotel for 2 nights. The unhelpful and rude person at the desk explained that was all they had, to take it or leave it and no matter what would be charged for 1 night. A call to Cheaptickets was unhelpful ( it seemed to be an overseas call center) My wife left and found another hotel by the airport, with a helpful staff. I would advise you to look elsewhere for a hotel and to avoid this hotel.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great For The Zoo........ But...	I booked this hotel thinking that there would be more in the area, however with no transport once the bike was returned unless pizza is your favourite meal, it's a good 15 min walk to anything else. For the zoo and the beach, it's a fantastic location tho! The hotel itself is in really good nick and the staff friendly and helpfull, but for me the location and amenities let it down.	
Sep 28 2007 	Good value for money	I can recommend this Days Inn straight away although I consider myself being quite picky. It is located 5 minutes from the beach and half an hour from Union square either by tram (2 min walk) or drive.The room looked refurbished and very clean.The rate was very low for San Francisco in comparison to the quality of the room.Obviously you do not get a real breakfast at a Days Inn (Coffee, Orange juice and muffins or similar) but this is understandable at this price.Though it is quite far out it is worth to stay there if you are a budget traveller and don't care about 30 minutes drive to downtown or Fishermans Wharf.Side note: This Days Inn is so much better than the one on Lombard Street - you can't compare.We enjoyed our 5 nights here.	
Sep 25 2007 	Reservation Not Honored	We made two reservations a couple of weeks in advance for two nights, a Thursday night and a Saturday night skipping a Friday side trip. We stayed Thursday, but when we arrived on Sarurday they had lost the reservation. We had to find another place and pay more.	
Jul 10 2007 	Would not stay here again	First off, our door was terrible at getting open. Seemed like you had to run into it to get it unjammed. Next, top quilt on bed had cigarette burns all over it. But, this was not the worst of it. We came back 1 night and found about 5 cops in front of our room talking to someone who was staying there. Still don't know what that was all about, but they were right in front of our room and they made it seem like we were inconveniencing them getting into OUR room which we were paying for. (This was late at night, so were were tired and just wanted to go to bed) This same night, at about 2 AM some weirdo came running through the halls claiming to be &quot;SFPD&quot; yelling and knocking on all the doors saying &quot;open up, open up, SFPD.&quot; I'm assuming he meant San Francisco Police Department. We asked to see his badge and he just covered up our peep hole. The problem with this was that the outside doors are supposed to be key only access after 10 PM- and this was well after that. I'll guess they forgot to lock them that night. Anyways, moving on... Their &quot;Deluxe continental breakfast&quot; consisted of cheap packaged danishes or an apple. I still can't figure out how they get &quot;deluxe&quot; out of that. Finally, when we checked out, the management gave us conflicting stories to what we heard from the night before and would only give us 10% off for the 1 night we couldn't sleep. After all this, I would tell anyone to not stay at this shack of a place that feels unsafe and where the staff doesn't care a bit for their customers. I would never stay here again. I'd rather pay more and feel safe.	
May 26 2007	Unprofessional and very poor customer service	I made reservations for this location a month in advance and was given two confirmation numbers one for each room. When I called to confirm my reservations a few days prior to my arrival I was told they did not have anything in their system under my name or reservation numbers and on top of that they were sold out. Instead of apologizing to me for their internal system errors, they made me feel as those I was lying. Bad enough they can't keep accurate records, compound that with rude customer service and it is no wonder they get bad reviews. This management team needs a reality check. I would not stay here if it were free. They did me a favor in losing my reservation. If they clean their rooms like they run their office you would be best to look for a different place to stay.	
Apr 13 2007 	Cheap (for SF) and nice	I stayed here for two reasons: The price was reasonable for SF and it was close to where my son lives. I usually stay at a B&amp;B, but it was booked. I read the reviews before booking and some of them mentioned the staff was rude, but the price was right and I took a chance. Well, it's a nice hotel. The rooms are clean. The staff was accomodating to me. There are no elevators, so be prepared for that if you have a room on the second floor. It is a very nice budget hotel. If you don't compare it to a $300/night hotel downtown, you should be happy.	
Jan 2 2006	Perfect for a last minute budget friendly trip	I am from the Central Valley and wanted to spend the night in San Francisco for New Year's Eve. This hotel turned out to be great. We made the reservation less than a week before, for less than $100, which is a very cheap price for San Francisco. It wasn't the Four Seasons, but it worked perfectly for the night. We had no problems checking in or out. Our room was fine, with no visible signs of problems (Bugs, noise, grime etc.) It actually had five bay windows and was very roomy. There was no real breakfast, but for $100, I wouldn't expect it. The woman at the front desk was friendly. I would not reccomend this for someone who really enjoys spending time in their hotel all the time. As I said before, it is not the Four Seasons. It is right across from the zoo, and the beach is down the street so there is plenty to do. However, if you are going to spend a lot of time downtown and in the Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf area, be aware that you will have to drive there or take an expensive taxi ride. Driving in San Francisco can be a challenge for some people not used to it. Also, this hotel does not have great parking, but the neighborhood was pretty safe.Overall, I was pleased with this hotel and I would probably stay there again.	
Oct 18 2005	Did the trick!	Booked in as it was closest to friends we were visiting and it sufficed to say the least.Rooms are good clean and tidy with usual lay-out.'Breakfast' could be had from a tray outside the 'Reception booth',with coffee from a Thermos and Buns on a plate.Prices were $80 a night (no specials for long stays as in Ireland)and that along with need to spend more on a real breakfast made it pricey enough.OK as a 1 night stay if need be, but too expensive for a longer stay even if on a good budget.	
Aug 5 2005	Close to Zoo and beach.	I wanted a night a little away from the city, near the Zoo and Golden Gate Park. My room had been freshly renovated and was very nice. There are a lot of stairs to get to your room. I went as a walk in, got a great rate, and was very happy. If you stay here go to Louis' Diner north on 1 a few miles where the road turns east.	
Feb 28 2005	Never Again	We stayed here for two nights. On the first night, our car was broken into in their private parking area. They have cameras in the area, but they are not recording, so there is no way to see when it was done. Very unprofessional.	
Sep 15 2004	Not So Great	The hotel was nice, but after we left the manager tried saying we had damages to our room and were going to be charged for them. Then, after extensive pressing he finally admitted we didn't actually have any charges at all. Needless to say, we weren't very happy.	
