	Wouldn't recommend to worst enemy!	This “hotel” has it all—bedbugs (room 412), a fitfully -spitting shower head, cracked sink, and stopped-up bathtub drain (room 405), a hoodie-wearing surly lad behind the front desk, and customer service that will make your jaw drop in amazement! Here’s an example of what you can expect. You turn down the bed and find some blood-engorged insects frolicking away. You call the front desk and report your discovery. You won’t hear anything like, “Oh, we’re sorry.” Or, “Can we help move you to another room?” Or, “That’s terrible!” No, the clerk says: “What do you want to do?”You say, “We want to move out of this room!” The desk says, “Well…okay. Come down and get a key. But all we have is a room in the back, on an alley overlooking a neighbor’s kitchen.”So you move your stuff and, since it’s too late to find another hotel, hope to sleep in peace.This place is supposed to be rated something like #140 out of 250 local inns. It’s scary to think about what the runners-up must be like. It helps you understand why so many San Franciscans would rather crawl into sleeping bags on the sidewalk.Bottom line: We wouldn’t recommend this dump to Osama bin Laden, even if he should ask nicely.	
	Better than expected	We stayed here while visiting our son who lives in the area. The location worked out well for our needs and plans. Nice area, within walking distance to stores, restaurants, and some tourist spots. The hotel is old but looks to have had some renovation work done in the rooms and some common areas. We requested a quiet room which we got. Did not face the main street where I'm sure the traffic could be a problem with noise. The rooms are very basic but for the price, under $100/night, can't complain. The breakfast included hardboiled eggs, muffin, oatmeal, o juice, coffee/tea. Front desk customer service was ok but not overly friendly. Overall, I was happy with my experience. More than I expected. Price was right, especially in expensive S.F.	
	Convenient	This hotel was very small and quaint. It is within walking distance of Ghirardelli Square and Fisherman's Wharf. A good value hotel in San Francisco.	
Nov 15 2009 	Much better than I thought for a 1-star hotel!	It had everything I wanted in the room: TV set, clock radio, telephone, hair dryer, air conditioner, and a good shower. Nice staff, very helpful and kind. Simple facilities, but with a snack machine, a snack bar and a hair/nail salon at the ground floor. Basic, but very good breakfast. Clean, safe and in a good location. I only missed the internet access.	
Oct 15 2009 	Worst customer service	When I booked the room on line I specified 3 people, and the reservations indicated that it's a reservation for 3 (I still have the copy).When we checked in, Yolanda was at the desk. When I asked her what beds we have in the room she told us that we have one queen bed. I told her that the reservation was for 3, and she said that there are no other rooms but she could put a cot in the room at no extra charge, as if she was giving us a break! (She also suggested that it would have cost more if we had a room for two at $99 + a cot for $20, when in fact the cost was identical). She told us that this &quot;happens all the time, I don't know why&quot;.We went to the room and there was a cot which literally took up all the empty space. To get to the other side of the queen bed we had to climb over the cot. Yolanda at this point came to the room bringing a cot, since she didn't realize that we already had one. We told her that the cot was falling apart, and she said that it's the only one she had. We also asked her for a pillow and a blanket for the cot, and she said that there are none left in the whole hotel. When we said that this is not acceptable, she again said that this happens all the time (as if that would make it better!) and that we can leave if we want to. (We would have, but all other places were booked!)We ended up taking the mattress of the cot and putting it on the floor, since this way we could climb over it to get to the other side of the queen bed. My daughter had a horrible sleep since the coils of the mattress dug into her back. I had to climb over her mattress at night, and could feel the coils.My husband and I gave our bedcover to our daughter and were very cold even though the windows were closed. The walls were also very thin and we could hear people talking in other rooms all night long.When we checked out and were asked to pay, I mentioned that I already paid. Upon checking it was found that Yolanda had me sign somebody else's credit card slip on the day we arrived!Needless to say that between not honoring the reservation, not providing adequate beds, not providing a blanket or pillows and mishandling the payment we were not happy with our experience (to put it mildly) and would never recommend it to anybody else.We have since recounted this experience in an e mail to the hotel sales director and - not surprisingly - never heard back.	
Oct 13 2009 	This hotel is a great value!	Although their cross streets are busy, this hotel is a great value, especially in San Francisco.The deluxe queen accomodations are spacious, comfortable and there was plenty of room for the extra person we had with us and the rollaway bed.The staff is really great - Yolanda and Patrice seemed to always there and were very willing to help.It's not right next to the Wharf area but the hotel is perfectly located close to the Golden Gate bridge and the Wharf area.	
Oct 6 2009 	Smelly and dirty	My wife, baby and i ordered 4 nights in this hotel, but we left after 1 night only. The floor was so dirty, and the bath too. We asked 3 times for baby crib, and finally i had to go to the hotel desk and bring it by myself. The girl at the desk didn't seem to care of anything but her piercing. And about the parking - parking in the street is limited to 2 hours during daytime, and there is no other place to park nearby, so be prepare to move your car every 2 hours.	
Sep 10 2009 	If ya CHEAP? This is the place for you.	We came here labor day weekend 2009. I'll keep this short and simple. If you looking for the HILTON at Marina Inn, you're one crazy high standard chump that needs to get their heads checked. The rooms are small the beds are stiff and the sheets are old and need to be updated (makes you itch). But WHO CARES if you are practically gone all day for sight seeing and going out and never in your room. All you need is a place to crash and wake up and do it all over again! Great place if you looking to save some money. Just request a room with a view. Its clean its friendly its close to everything. Hop on the bus pay $2.00 and you can get anywhere you want. One block from Bus Line #30 which take you straight through Fisherman's Warf/ China Town and Union Square/Bart Station. Don't even need a taxi from the airport if you don't mind the transfers and walking.	
Aug 26 2009 	it is a bargain	We have stayed here several times. In fact we plan to stay here next March also. Our visits have been a week or ten days long so we really get to know the inn. The location is fabulous and the people who work there are also helpful and kind. On my last trip I also had problems with Priceline and ended up having to pay twice for a portion of my stay. It was not the inn's fault. The inn staff gave me the cheapest possible rate for those nights. I find if you are courteous to staff they will be helpful to you. The inn is extremely clean and a bit spartan but is a major bargain. I am amazed that this inn even includes breakfast. One can get fresh coffee or tea, a muffin and a hard boiled egg. If you don't want that you can walk down two blocks and find a bakery or cafe. I am also amazed that people expect to find free parking at these room prices in a major city. In Chicago hotels charge $30-$40 a night just for parking on top of the room rate. Hey this isn't Omaha. You are in a major very expensive West Coast city and for this city this inn is a treasure.	
Aug 15 2009 	Hospitable beautiful a great deal for the money.	You won't find anything gratuitous at the Marina Inn. The breakfast always had fresh coffee and cold orange juice, but nothing hot; the room was perfectly clean but almost spartan. But if you're lucky (or request it) you'll end up with one of the southern-facing rooms with the big bay windows you can throw open and look up around the entire city.I slept really well here - it may have been the bed, or it may have been the San Francisco breezes - I'm not sure which.You can walk down to the marina, or catch a cable car within a few blocks... or usually get a taxi to anywhere in the city pretty easily. The area's really safe, with the marina shopping district only a few blocks away. My reservation and all requests were professionally handled by the staff. I had no issues at all with how they handled anything, and I can't wait to stay here again when I go back in October. I'm recommending it to my friends.(Note: this isn't the Hyatt, they won't have an extra toothbrush available for you. But they will courteously tell you the closest corner store where you can find one.)	
Jul 23 2009	Marina Inn San Francisco CA	We stayed two nights at the Marina Inn on Lombard St &amp; Octavia St in San Francisco, CA in July 2009. For the price it was perfect. We loved our room. It was charming and had character. We found the staff to be helpful and friendly. We loved the location. Our only &quot;complaint&quot; would be tiny bathroom. But we didn't mind.	
Jul 17 2009 	Manager did not return my calls	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel during Spring Break, and we found it suited our needs- not super comfortable but cheap and would work. However, we had booked through Priceline, and had missed our original flight out on Sat (because I accidentally left my purse in the car with my brother who dropped us off) and had to go through being told over and over again we had a flight only to get to the airport and find out we did not. We finally got a flight out on Tuesday, and made it to Marina Inn. We had to pay for several nights that we didn't use. After I got back from our trip, I left messages 2-3 times for the manager at Marina Inn, and he never bothered to call me back. I don't appreciate being ignored and won't be going back. Priceline refused to do anything either- not using them again either!	
Jul 12 2009 	Great location great value for money 	We spent 7 nights in this hotel. It was great value for money, clean, in a great, safe location, handy to transport and the staff were always really nice. To all you people whining - it doesn't cost a thing to be nice to the staff and they will be nice in return. All the girls were fabulous to us. We loved you and we will be back next time we come!! It's our new favourite Hotel in SF.Yes, there is no parking - so? Go somewhere else where there is. It's not like you didn't know about it before you got there. What did you expect in SF?? Even the locals can't park!! The breakfast is not huge, the room are not huge and it is on Lombard ... but you know this BEFORE you go there so why get on here and complain? I just don't understand. All this whining in appalling. People, do the math and work it out before you go. It's not that hard ... AND be nice to the girls and the staff and they treat you the same.	
Jun 24 2009 	Stay away from this hotel	I booked marina inn for four night stay at orbitz . I call them and informed before arrival that i will be checking in late . ... After traveling 6 hours i arrived at the hotel at midnight . The front desk staff told me that my reservation was canceled and they have given my room to someone else . They had no room available and booked 100% .I had to go find another room in the middle of night with luggage what a pain!!! . I would stay away from hotel . All orbitz was able to do was refund my money back . Not recommended. Do not book this hotel !!!	
Jun 24 2009 	Great value 	We found the Marina Inn to be a surprisingly good hotel in terms of value for money and for the size of the rooms. It felt like a 'home away from home', was clean and spacious. The staff on the front desk were very friendly and prepared to advise to places to visit in the area. 10 mins from Fishermans Wharf (which we found a little too 'touristy' for our tastes) and a walk to Union St and Square. You must have breakfast in the Boulangerie, best we have had and great coffee (unusual in US!!). We hired a car for the day and travelled north along the coast and back through the Nappa Valley and Sonora regions which were very beautiful with some great wineries to explore.Went to some great bars in the Chestnut St area too.	
Jun 21 2009 	Great Inn	What a awesome Inn. For the money it was well worth it. The staff was great thanks Yolanda!!!!!!!! Hooked us up with great Cafes and rest.	
Jun 9 2009 	This place was great !!!!	Ther seems to be mixed reviews slightly favoring this Hotel, well we were not mixed at all. We loved it. Perfect for the SF traveler who wants a great location that is safe, and clean, affordable, and has great service. If you are looking for a room that will be spending a lot of time in, then why go any on a trip to begin with. This city is made to be out and about in, and you don't need a car. San Fran offers some of the best public transportation of any city, so the fact that parking is limited is a city issue that all locals deal with. This Hotel is very clean and well run. Yolanda and Emily took great care of us. If you don't like the sounds of the city , then go to the forest. The sounds are part of the experience, that all the locals deal with. Bottom line, Marina Inn gave us a place to recharge, and position ourselves for a great visit to the City by the Bay. Luxury Hotels are so expensive and if that is what you need, and you have the money then that is the way to go. Otherwise the Marina Inn is our choice, and we'll go back. Ther were NO BED BUGS, I saw that on another comment and was glad to find out it was not true. Also this hotel is in one of the best parts of the city. The Marina District is slightly upscale and you are close to parks and the Bay. Im fawning now.. stay here it is great for couples.	
May 19 2009 	Quaint rooms no parking bad breakfast!	We decided to take a spontaneous trip to San Francisco and found a room saver coupon for this hotel. At $49 a night, it seemed like a decent deal so we headed on down. The first thing we noticed was that there is absolutely no parking. We drove 4 blocks in each direction before finding a parking spot, and then ended up with a ticket the next morning! It's very, very difficult to find a spot to park that's not in front of someone's garage, and if you do find a spot, be sure they're not going to be doing street cleaning the next morning!It was late in the evening when we arrived and we had to ring the doorbell quite a few times before the employee on duty woke up (she had fallen asleep in the back), and when she let us in she was cranky and rude. We asked for recommendations on where to park and she replied &quot;Just find a spot, you might get towed or you might not, it's up to the home owner really&quot;. When we finally made it up to the room, we had no problems. It was clean, everything seemed to be working just fine, and the bed was comfortable enough that we both fell asleep with no problems.The breakfast the next morning was disappointing- a muffin, a hard boiled egg, and packets of oatmeal you could prepare yourself with hot water. There was a choice of bad coffee or bad orange juice to choose from.All in all, not a horrible experience, but I probably wouldn't stay there again, and if I did I would get there VERY early in the day to try to find a spot to park.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great for the price	Location: Great as far as public transit is concerned. Most I had to walk was 3-4 block to catch a bus line across town. I love to walk around cities and still found it a bit of a hike to get to many of the main attractions, but perhaps this is because I wasn't used to all of the hills. It is really close to the little shops and boutiques on Union Street as well as North Beach and Chinatown but far from the big shops on Union Square. Fisherman's Wharf is about a 30 minute walk, with piers 39 and 33 being a bit longer.Staff: Called me a cab a few times. Didn't seem to want to answer very many questions concerning the city or make suggestions for some reason but I figured out most on my own.Breakfast: Spartan but decent enough for a cheap continental breakfast. Watered down OJ, coffee, hot tea, hard boiled eggs, oatmeal, and english muffins. Nothing impressive, but there was a staff member there to help and refill things as necessary.Rooms: I didn't find them to be cramped but then again it was just me. Satellite television worked just fine, and I had no problems with the wireless internet. Bathroom was very tiny, and the showerheads are low so this could be a problem for those over 5'6&quot;. There was kind of a musty smell that didn't go away after opening the window all day. However, everything was clean and I attributed the smell to that of any old building. Even with the window open, street noise was not a problem but I was in a room toward the back. Overall, I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 17 2009 	Loved it.	This hotel has lovely rooms, is very clean, and the staff is friendly and helpful. Most SF sights are easily accessible from the location. The continental breakfast is small but serviceable. For the money, it can't be beat.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great value for the money	We found the inn to have very personel service and we really enjoyed our stay. We would strongly recommend this inn for someone on a budget who wants a comfortable clean place to stay located near the wharf. A pleasant surprise was the continental breakfast with delicious coffee.	
Apr 10 2009 	Dont waste your time!	i read many reviews saying this place was great stay and clean. I dont ask for much in a hotel, just a clean room and bed, place had a dirty room and bed! I booked it on priceline and all the reviews there were good but thank god i only stayed there one night and hopefully i wont have to take the 200$ hit i took when leaving the next morning to another hotel. I felt itchy and could not sleep the entire night stayed up all night looking for another hotel to leave for in the morning. beware! rooms are run down not worth it to stay and i am not a picky person. A retirement home smelled better than this place as well.	
Mar 24 2009 	great value for money	Marina Inn is a great place if you're budget sensitive.Clean room, decent breakfast and you can easily reach Fisherman Wharf or Union Square with bus.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great little family style place	This inn is alot like a home away from home. It is also inexpensive in a very expensive city. It provides small but very clean rooms yet the room size is not uncommon in large cities. In fact I have been in major chain hotels in other large cities with small rooms also. The location is wonderful and the hotel is safe and comfortable. It provides a simple breakfast in a clean cheerful room and the front desk staff is extremely kind and attempts to be very helpful. I have stayed here before and will stay here next time I'm in SF. it is a great little inn that offers a lot for a small cost. It is within walking distance of several restaurants and shops. Public transportation is also nearby.	
Feb 25 2009 	Good value for its great location	I stayed at the Marina Inn last year (Jan 2008). I booked the room after reviewing a few hotels on this site. I was my 4th trip to San Francisco, I just love love love this city! I find that you don't need to rent a car since you can take a shuttle to your hotel (about 17$) and use tram or bus. Parking is expensive otherwise. I booked the Marina Inn for 51$ a night through Air canada vacations so shop around, it was cheaper than booking directly with the hotel. I wanted a cheap room since I don't travel to SF to sleep but to venture out ... so location was important for me. I loved the fact that you can walk to Fisherman's walk and even to downtown. Otherwise, you can travel by public transportation, it is quite easy to understand and reliable. The lady at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. I asked to switch rooms after getting one on Lombard st. side which was indeed VERY noisy. The lady gladly gave us a room overlooking ... nothing... a wall basically... but it was perfectly quiet. So do request a view of the wall, it will be worth it! We found the room to be quite old and ugly but clean. Bathroom was small but in working order and clean. breakfast was free so no matter what they serve us (muffin, hard eggs, coffee) I was very happy with it since, really, what can someone expect for 51$ a night in a great location in SF?!? There were a few restaurants close by and it's in walking distance to other busy streets, the lady at the front desk suggested a few places to visit. Shopping is great! I rented a bicycle in Fisherman's wharf and biked the golden gate, that was really fun, you can take the ferry back from Sausalito... which is a small town I liked, great cafes and shopping.The only little thing I didn't like is that on our last night, we got a little visit... from a small mouse. Thought I should mention it in case this is a regular thing. Staff told me someone kept lots of food in their room next door which attracted the little furry guy. I was not pleasant but those things don't freak me out but don't keep food in your room just in case!For my next trip to SF, I'll certainly go back to Marina Inn. I stayed at more expensive hotels before and it was not worth spending more since I was always out of my room.	
Feb 2 2009 	Where do you park??? Bad idea	We booked this hotel through priceline at a decent cost. When you book there is a little disclaimer that some hotels charge for parking. In San Fransisco this is kind of common. But this motle had absolutely no parking at all. We arrived late around 6:30 and were told to park on the street (but not to leave anything in our car or it would be broken into.) We drove around and around for quite sometime and found nothing! We finally ended up parking in a garage 3 blocks away. We were told it would cost $9 but when we returned to pick up our car the next morning we were actually charged $15! This is quite a bit aoncsidering we only paid $50 for the room.Also, the room was right on Lombard St ans EXTREMELY noisy. And to make matters worse, there was no A/C so we had to open the windows. It was Jan but so incredible hot due to the radiator which we could not adjust.Room was small but clean and there was a decent breakfast.	
Dec 10 2008 	What a bad place to stay  go spend it somewhere else!!!!	I booked two nights and two rooms for my 2 sisters and our 78 year old mother for two nights. We also had three children with us. This Inn was recommended four years ago by Sunset Magazine,an article that my mom had kept filed. We were all so disappointed by the experience at the Marina Inn.It just looks neglected, front entrance light broken and the service was pathetic.The breakfast was hard boiled eggs and packaged muffins.We all walked up three blocks to Union St. to a wonderful French bakery .The small tomb feeling rooms were so small , echoing sounds were heard all night by the elevator noise and people talking from other rooms. The rooms are very dated and depressing . We did not want to come back to this Inn, when our day was done. Next time we will spend more money for a better hotel, which we usually do when we visit the city. Live and Learn.	
Dec 3 2008 	great location	We needed somewhere to stay on a budget in San Francisco &amp; looking online it didn't seem an easy task. There were plenty of choices but they had awful reviews or were in bad areas. This was slightly more than we wanted to spend but still very cheap at £33 a night.The location was excellent, just a short walk to the marina for views of the Golden Gate Bridge &amp; Alcatraz, it also felt very safe.The hotel looked like a converted (big) house - the bed was comfortable, the room was clean, the bathroom was fine apart from the shower head being fixed on the wall about my shoulder height making it a bit annoying for washing my hair but nothing that would make me not go back.The road noise was kept out fine with the windows shut though the room could be quite warm so we opened them while we were awake. You could hear noises from the other rooms very easily which could be annoying if there were noisy guests staying, luckily we were disturbed very little.We never ate the breakfast so can't comment on it.Overall we would go back to this hotel is we were on a budget.	
Nov 1 2008 	very bad service at the front desk.	we so the hotel online in several sites and decided that it was for our budget for around 85$ per night and the reviews here were ok.We booked it by phone, we talked to the manager and ordered our rooms 2 month in advance, we just gave credit card number for safety, there was no down payment.When we came to check it, we were told the total for our stay, when we heard it we almost dropped from our feet, it was about 100 $ more than we were suppose to pay, we asked what has happen and apparently without asking me they &quot;naturally&quot; assumed i want the more expressive rooms which were about 40$ MORE than i was willing to pay.We talked to the receptionist tht was nice and gave us 10 $ discount, we were tiered after 7 hours of flight and oe more hour of train so we decided to stay for the night and the day after to ask for cheaper rooms or to leave.As we did with all hotels we payed cash up front for our stay, just in case all hotels are booked.the following morning we found out all 85$ rooms were booked and that we can't stay at that price, i checked the night before and found motor lodges that were willing to take us in for that price. So we wanted a refund, and Wow! magic! we can't get a refund, cause we payed cash up fron and the receptionist was not suppose to do that! only credit card could be refunded.To make the long story short, no matter how much we begged or threatened suing we didn't get our money back, the room is not so big and not worth the money i paid for, as i could get the same for 40$ less.It's a problem for me to sue as i'm not us citizen and wont do it remotely...If you can avoid paying this hotel and avoid paying cash, if u are not Americans, avoid this hotel, i have a scam feeling all around my story, i think they knew i wanted the cheaper rooms and booked the expansive ones on purpose, i think they had vacancy for cheaper rooms, but wanted my money and didn't want to give me the cheaper rooms, oi think they were willing to take cash up front even tough they are not allowed to cause they knew they could keep it.	
Jun 21 2008 	Fabulous Visit	bed was uncomfortable, small hole in bathroom wall, no a/c, no parking, but one of my best stays anywhere ever. More like a bed and breakfast than a hotel. It was like staying with old friends. Remodeled 1924 hotel. Upgraded my room for free because we needed an extra bed (normally a $40 charge, which i didn't know till I looked at their rates after we left. They didn't even tell me how nice they were being!), our other room needed an extra bed, but none were available. Yolanda and Emily said they didn't want my 9 year old to have to sleep on the floor so they rounded up a futon mattress for him. Service is above and beyond. Breakfast is hard boiled eggs (surprisingly delicious) and Otis Spunkmeyer banana nut muffins oatmeal, coffee, tea and wonderful orange juice (it was real). Who CARES! it was free! HIGHLY recommend. Just a couple of blocks from the park, beach, Safeway grocery store and Ghiradelli Square. We took the city bus to Fisherman's Wharf (about a 25 minute walk, but we were lazy). $1.50 adults, .50 for kids 5-17. Easy, easy, easy. The stairs at the hotel were wide, and carpeted, the staff was great, again the ambience and helpfulness cannot be matched by the nicest Hyatt	
Jun 3 2008 	Location  Location Location	More than adequate room great for two people. Staff was helpful and friendly. The greatest problem is the heat was on all night so the room got stuffy and there was no way to shut it off.Overall I got a great nice nights sleep as the place was clean and quiet.Breakafast which was included was nothing special so I had to go out and eat. All this aside there are so many great attractions within walking distance of this hotel that it more than makes up for its slight imperfections.I was happy in this spot in SF.	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Budget Hotel!	At only $39.99 a night for a cozy queen my girlfriend and I had a wonderful stay... for the price that is. It was a smaller than average room however we had a booked weekend and didnt spend more than 1-2 hours (aside from sleep and showering) in the room on any given day. Being from the city myself I did not notice the Lombard Street traffic noise mentioned by others. The hotel has convenient access to many bus lines on Lombard and Van Ness streets and the times we needed a cab we had to do no more than walk outside and wait a mere minute or two to flag one down. We were completely content with the room... clean, maintained and a very comfy queen bed.The TV worked fine and a staff was very helpful in all aspects including directions, places to eat, providing and iron and board and also which bus/bart lines would be most convenient to our required destinations. Best of all, it is within walking distance of the Presidio and Fishermans Wharf - which we took advantage of a few times. Word of advice, use the Fort Mason park walkway which runs along the bay for some great sceanic views and glimpses of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge on your way to the Wharf instead of walking along the streets. For Mason is only 2-3 blocks north of the hotel. If there was one complaint it was the shower head is placed too low and is unadjustable. Not a problem for my girlfriend but definitely for anyone above the height of 5'6 as I am. However, I would definitely stay here again should I be in need of a budget hotel.	
Mar 13 2008	Would go back!	My husband and I stayed at the Marina in for 4 nights during March 2008. We loved this hotel. It is small and not to busy. The rooms are small but they were clean and just perfect! Emily at the front desk was AWESOME! She was so helpful. We found all the staff to be just wonderful. The hotel is in the perfect location with a 6 $ cab ride to Fisherman's Wharf or a 1.50$ bus ride.You are a walk to Lombard street crookedest, however it is a HUGE HIKE UP HILL!!!! Worth it for those who must have a picture like myself!We will go back to this place for sure!	
Dec 17 2007	No Heat No Courtesy No Breakfast	We stayed at the Marina Inn expecting a Bed and Breakfast...we got a lumpy bed, but not much else.The Inn is located in a remote motel area five blocks away from any coffee shops, restaurants, or stores. Upon check-in, the indifferent staff seemed annoyed they had to check us in the show us our room - as if we were troubling them with our mere presence. We were in the &quot;cozy queen&quot; room. The peeling wall paper was a cheap floral pattern straight out of a roach motel, only enhanced by the moldy smell of decrepit tacky green carpet. The matchbox room was barely able to fit the lumpy queen sized bed (I could feel every spring in my back) and a dresser. Using the bathroom was like going through an American Gladiators obstacle coarse. You had to pick up the floor mat to open door. The toilet was so close to the door that after you stepped into the bathroom, you had to lean backwards at a 45 degree angle so the door could close.God forbid you have to take a shower...The top of the sliding door frame was at chin level (I am 5' 9&quot; so taller than the average woman, but by no means exorbitantly tall) - stepping into the tub was like a double limbo game where I was stepping over the tub while ducking under the door frame all the while trying not to slip and fall to my death. Once in the tub, I realized the shower head was at chest level so in order to wash anything from my neck up, I had to kneel down on my knees. Trying to sleep in the icebox of a room was a totally different obstacle. December in San Francisco, though not freezing, still gets down to 30-40 degrees at night. The radiator was frigidly cold the whole of our stay. We asked the front desk about it, and they said they would work on it. Their continental &quot;breakfast&quot; (that ends at 10am) consisted of 14, that's right FOURTEEN hard boiled eggs and dry packets of oatmeal. No trace of the muffins and pastries mentioned on the website. So I went to the front desk at 8:45a and asked them if there was anything else coming - anything at all? And the woman at the desk said some one had to go to the store. An hour later, I went back to the breakfast room and there they were.... the 14 hard boiled eggs sitting atop of their platter mocking me with their sheer existence. Despite the horrifying hotel conditions and staff, our trip to San Francisco was incredible. The Golden Gate Bridge, the gorgeous architecture, Sausalito...all of it remarkable. However, if you are considering this hotel - please do yourself a HUGE favor and Don't do it. I've stayed in $30 hostels that provided better accommodations and a more helpful staff. SAVE YOURSELF! DO NOT STAY HERE!	
Nov 7 2007 	A Horrible Experience !!! Management Scam!	What happened to me at this hotel was a nightmare, disregarding the four nights with no heat (because a mechanic was seemingly unavailable). It was a decent, cheap place to stay, until I received a charge to my credit card one week after I returned home for $300 for damage to my rooms ancient boxspring and mattress. It seems the management took several cans of cola I had left behind, and sprayed them on the bed set. Then they supposedly called the Police and had them file a report. The management blamed their actions on me, attempting to have me pay for new furniture for the room. No photos were taken of the damaged bed, and the boxspring and mattress were hauled away before I could examine them. Marina Inn management made no attempt to contact me by phone.As it turns out, the police report was a fake, and management of the Marina Inn have refused to commmunicate with me or my credit card company.So I am reimbursed for the charge, but it is still fraud and extortion on the part of the Marina Inn management.In all my years of travelling, I have never come across anything such as this. How they thought they could get away with this fraud is beyond me. I suppose they hoped that I would be lazy, and just pay the charge! WRONG!	
Oct 13 2007 	If you want a bed to sleep in...	Needing only a place to sleep I would have to say that our goal was met. I was disappointed with the service (an extreme indifference and lack of knowledge), the cleanliness, and the poor condition of the bathroom facilities. The location is very good with easy access to the bus line, etc. I do believe that we paid too much money for what we did get...which wasn't must at all.	
Oct 13 2007 	Good Price for San Francisco but no where to park!	Visited the Marinna Inn during our August 2007 trip. Good value for San Francisco. Smallish rooms on busy Lombard Street does provide some noise. If that is a problem for you, then look somewhere else. It wasn't for us, we are hard sleepers. The only real problem with this place is huge! There is No place to park. There are a few street parking spots available, but they are never available! We had to go park in a parking structure about 3 or 4 blocks away for $20 a day! So any money we saved by finding this place, we paid even more after paying for parking. I would recommend this place if you have no car to park, because it is a good value for this pricey city. But, if you have a car, please do not waste your time. There are many, many places on Lombard Street that have parking garages at there location for free.	
Oct 2 2007	Great little place to stay	We went to San Francisco for a last minute trip for our honeymoon, we booked the week before so the hotel availability was minimal. Looked online at the reviews and they were average so took a chance. We were very happy! The Marina Inn is about a 10 minute walk to the Fisherman's Wharf and Pier 39 and a great walk, it it tucked away from the busy tourist area! It is a older hotel with a tonne of character, not fancy by any means but clean and the staff was very helpful. The room was quaint and all we needed with the amount of time we were in there. They had a continental breakfast which was a nice perk as we would have a light bite in the morning and visit with other people staying in the hotel and then head out for the day. At night it was a bit loud with traffic but nothing any big city wouldn't have being right on Lombard Street. Didn't bug us at all. We took shuttles to the airport which were booked for us and on time, as well as getting recommendations on tours and places we should visit outside of what we had planned. Very informative staff. We would stay there again and recommend.	
Sep 28 2007	marina inn has its advantages - but	You must like &quot;quaint&quot; to like this place, and we did. Staff is friendly. Location is great, particularly if you're a walker. Did have a problem that could have ruined our trip. They lost our confirmed reservation! Did accommodate us with more expensive room for three nights after which we moved to a smaller room at our reserved price. If you stay here, get a confirmation in writing!	
Aug 12 2007	Noise	The hotel didn't meet my expectations. They assigned us a room on the first floor facing Lombart street and the noise was so intense that we could feel walls shake from cars passing by outside. So, if you plan to stay be sure to ask for a room on the other side of the building.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great Location	The hotel is in a great location. We were able to walk to Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square, etc. They are just a couple of blocks away. There are also plenty of eating places, little shops and a nice park within a couple of blocks. I would stay here again just because of it's location. The hotel itself is very clean. If you are looking for the Hilton, continue looking. This is by no means a luxury hotel... but it is a nice hotel for the price and is in a safe neighborhood. The area around the hotel is mostly residential and very quiet. We had a room facing the street and you can hear lots of noise... but it wasn't anything so loud we couldn't sleep. The hotel sits at a pretty busy intersection, so there is a lot of traffic noise... and at night I could hear what sounded like noise from the water - perhaps from the boats? Again, nothing terribly loud. We slept with the windows closed - I could imagine if they'd been open it would have been pretty loud. The rooms are on the smaller side. The bathroom is  also small but workable. We were not in our room enough to really worry about the size. The hotel doesn't have AC...but that wasn't even an issue because it's so breezy and cool. The downfall and first impression came at check in. I booked a three night stay via the hotels website. When checking in, the person (Manager) said they had me down for two nights. I said that I had booked for three nights and thankfully had my confirmation email with me. I was then informed that they were overbooked for the third night, because of a compute glitch, but perhaps someone would cancel. If not, they'd try to get me a room at the Star Motel (across the street) for the same price. I was told they tried to contact me to let me know. They did NOT attempt to contact me to let me know of the issue. To make a long story short... someone did end up canceling. We were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a different room and the problem resolved itself...My recommendation would be to call the hotel after booking your stay online to see if you indeed do have the number of nights your confirmation says. Would I stay here again? Certainly! As I said, it isn't the Hilton. It is located in what seemed to be a great neighborhood near some attractions, a block from the bus stop that takes you to Golden Gate Bridge, and there is plenty to do in the immediate area. Staff was friendly and helpful. The only downfall was the booking issue, which, thankfully, was resolved.	
Jul 15 2007 	feel at home	I have stayed here for years and have always had a good experience. They also have oatmeal at breakfast. So I am satisfied with hard boiled eggs, oatmeal, juice and coffee. For the price, it is nice to have breakfast convenient. The staff is great. And the computer downstairs was handy. Yes, it can be noisy in some rooms. Ask for an interior room if you want it quieter but then you face a building. I prefer to take my chances with the noise and have a possible view. Some of the reviews are a little harsh! It isn't trying to be five star.	
Jul 12 2007	Horrible Place	We didn't actually stay in this hotel because - when we booked it directly through the hotel, they did say they had &quot;limited parking available.&quot; The girl actually told me, however, it was very easy to park on the street and that most of the residents in the neighborhood parked in their own garages so at night parking was easily available. Being familiar with this SF neighborhood, I doubted this, but booked anyway. I called back later and was told there was no on site parking, but a lot was available across the street for $20. When we arrived - very early in the morning - on the day of our reservation, we noticed the &quot;lot across the street&quot; was about 3/4 of a block away across a very busy median strip- type street. So, we decided to find another place, knowing we were hours earlier that the usual 6pm cancellation time. When I had booked this hotel, NO mention was made of a concellation date or penalty for cancelling. We had already found another hotel with parking a block away and called to cancel. They charged our credit card anyway, even tho' I know they filled the room that night. I would never stay here and definitely do not recommend it!!!!	
Jun 27 2007	Decent Inn Great Location	As previous reviewers have noted, this little B&amp;B type inn is locatedjust a short walk from Fisherman's Wharf, Girardelli Sq and the Hyde cable car line. We booked a queen cozy with an inner window and had aquiet, albeit small room, but who hangs around in their room in a city like San Francisco? The facility was clean, although it does need a little updating. The continental breakfast -- hard-boiled eggsand packaged muffins -- was so-so. A note on the staff: Serge, the night desk clerk, was very helpful and friendly, and helped make our California vacation a total success.	
May 28 2007 	Lovely Hotel in a great location	The Marina Hotel, San Francisco, is one of those gems you hope to find when travelling.Our room at the rear was quite and tastefully decorated. The staff, on the whole, were friendly and helpful.The location was fantastic. Fishermans Wharf was an attractive 20 minute walk through a park along the shore. The surrounding area was largely flat.Two blocks to the North along Union Street were many excellent expensive resturants. One blocks to the South on Chestnut Street were many excellent cheaper resturants. We ate at a resturant called 'Fusio' on Chestnut Street for three nights in a row, such was the quality and excellence of the $10-$15 meals. They had the best marinara I have ever had!The complimentary breakfast was the only minor downer, with only hard boiled eggs and muffins, with fruit juice and coffee. Some cereal would be a big improvement. However, it was free where most similar Hotels do not provide any breakfast at all.Overall, excellent value for money.	
Jan 21 2007	OK but not great	Stayed here for 4 nights. It's reasonably priced, we liked the location- although it may be a bit too out of the way for some people. Fisherman's Wharf is easy walking distance. The breakfast is quite handy- plenty of muffins and doughnuts. The down side is that although our room was big (but bathroom v. small), it was also very cold and noisy. This was mainly due to the old fashioned windows which are quaint, but when they don't close properly are not good for sleeping. We did get woken up early a couple of mornings from the noise of the traffic.	
Oct 10 2006 	Great little hotel!	We recently vacationed in San Fransisco with my 2 year old toddler and wanted a hotel within walking distance to the warf that was afortable for our 5 night stay. After reading many, many reviews for many, many different hotels in the area we booked our stay at the Marina Inn. This hotel was clean, the staff were amazing and the continential breakfast held us over easily until lunch time (with lots of things my toddler could and would eat - a true bonus). We never left hungry from breakfast (although it was heavy on the pastries).The only thing negative I could say is that we opted for the cheapest room (cozy queen) and it was tight space wise with a toddler. He slept with us although we had asked for a crib. After seeing the crib we decided that co-sleeping was the best idea as it was a small crib and when in the room it didn't leave enough room to move around comfortably.As for noise issues that have been raised in previous reviews, our room faced to Octavia Street and the noise was not bad as long as the windows were closed. So overall we would definetly recommend this hotel to friends staying in San Fransisco and we would stay there again ourselves!	
Aug 22 2006 	Still love the Marina Inn	I've been staying here since 2001 and every stay has been wonderful! The hotel is fairly simple, nothing fancy, but very clean . Despite what I read in a previous review, I thought Shannon was VERY friendly and helpful! All of the staff were very nice. I did have bagels along with the sweets for breakfast! The breakfast room was locked later in the day, but I had an hour or so to kill in the evening before I left the hotel after I had checked out and they opened the room for me so I could hang out there until my airport shuttle arrived. I've always had a great experience at the Marina Inn!	
Aug 4 2006	Not bad for the price	My mom and I flew into San Francisco to attend a wedding up in the wine country/redwoods area. We stayed in the city only one night at Marina Inn. Overall the hotel was a little worn down and needs some updating but it was pretty clean, which is more important to me. Our room was a little cramped and did not face the street, so we didn't notice the noise that everyone keeps mentioning. The view wasn't that great but we didn't care - we didn't visit San Fran to see views from the hotel room window. The front desk staff were nice and helpful. We were able to park in the lot at a motel across the street (we had to pay), but just ended up leaving our car there because we walked everywhere or took the bus. I would definitely stay here again for the price. We didn't mind the walking so for us it was conveniently located.	
Jul 21 2006 	Nice	Generally nice, staff very helpful &amp; friendly, parking &amp; noise are a problem. BUT - at only $56/day through a coupon book, the hotel is a very good deal.	
Jul 16 2006	Miscommunication among staff	Stayed at the Marina Inn twice in the winter. No issues during the first stay with my boyfriend except for room service that kept knocking when we had the do not disturb sign out. It had a quaint, b&amp;b-like decor although small. We found the inn to be a good value in the more residential Marina district than the expensive, touristy Union Square area and was able to save on parking with the cheap parking in a lot across the street or, on a day we were lucky, free street parking.Second stay, however, was the last. We paid more for a larger room than our first stay but it was still small. The window did not fully close all the way, and San Francisco's cold at night. Also found blood stains on the comforter. The staff at the front desk said there were no other rooms available but gave us a new comforter. During my shower late that night, I found that the tub was clogged and would not drain. This time, the night person agreed to move us to another room which was more spacious and since it was late, told us to drop off our key the next morning which we did. When it came time for us to check-out the third day, first they couldn't find any record of us. They finally realized that when we were moved into the other room, we weren't entered into the computer so they checked us out when we returned the first room's key the day before. Then because of the problems we had with the room, they gave us the billing department number to call to get at least a 10% discount for the trouble we went to. However, upon calling that number, they said that we were actually moved into an upgraded room and therefore won't get any compensation.Definitely not worth all the trouble. Looking around, there were a couple of more spacious, cleaner inns with their own parking lots at the same or a lower rate within walking distance of this inn.	
Jul 14 2006	rude people and management	This hotel is poorly run and will never stay here again!!! Shannon is incredibly rude and told me there was parking was available. She failed to tell me that parking is available at an extra charge (and that lot was full) and street parking is near impossible. She should not be in the customer service industry at ALL!!!! The rooms are small and somewhat clean but the hotel is run down.A friend of mine used to stay at the hotel all the time, until new managment. New management has hired incompetent people. However, the only courteous and professional person I talked to was David. Also I noticed many people said there was bagels. No bagels anymore, only sweets!!! Donuts, muffins and hard boiled eggs. I am told old management used to give every guest a bottle of Sherry. Also, they used to leaev the breakfast room open for people to gather before dinner, not anymore, the doors are locked up right after breakfast. SO if you liked the hotel before you probably won't anymore.	
Jul 12 2006	Parking issues	Parking was definitely an issue at this hotel. Street parking can be really difficult to find. One night we drove around for 45 minutes before finding a spot that was still many blocks away. We also were told before booking that there was a &quot;garage&quot; on the next block that was available for $10 per night. The garage is actually the parking lot for the neighboring hotel-- it's just a small lot, not a garage. They told us that they were too booked up at that time to offer parking to anyone but their own hotel's guests.	
Jun 23 2006 	Charming? Now That's a Stretch!	I can't EVEN believe someone would call this place charming. Had reservations for two nights in late June. Everything in S.F. was sold out due to a big convention of some sort. This was about the only place that still had rooms. That in itself should have told me all I needed to know!To be fair, it was spotlessly clean. A big plus in my book. There is NO air conditioning so anything about 70 degrees posses a problem. The location is TERRIBLY noisy and the building literally shudders whenever a large truck drives by (frequently). There is also a lot of street noise, i.e. laughter, loud talking that you can hear clearly if you have a streetside room. The wood furniture needs a bit of Old English cover-up and the blinds were bent and hanging precariously. It reminded me of those cheap hotels in Manhattan that I frequented in my 20's. You don't expect much, and you sure don't get it. Continental breakfast consisted of donuts, coffee and OJ. This is really bottom-of-the-barrell accommodations, but I guess the price is right. I checked out after the first night and moved to the East Bay.	
May 15 2006	Quaint hotel with safe location	My parents and I have stayed at this hotel twice, and are planning on staying here again in June 2006. On the outside the Marina Inn is very simple. There is a little shop, similar to a White Hen on the corner, which is really nice, in case it's late and you want to buy some food etc. The staff were very nice, we changed rooms a few times ( my family always does this), and they were very accomodating. Walking distance to the marina and nearby sites. Some of the rooms on the street are a little noisy, so you might want to make reservations for an inside room if this would be a problem for you, although it really wasn't that bad.  The complementary breakfast is great it the morning, bagels, cream cheese, donuts, juice, coffee, and milk. They pick up the bagels and donuts from a little bakery every morning, and everything is served in a little room with wicker furniture, pillows, and newspapers, overlooking the bright street.  What I thought was really cool was that if you walk to the top floor ( or take the elevator), you can go out onto the roof ( I'm not sure if guests are supposed to do this), and the view of the city is just great!!!  The only pitfall of this place was the parking. It is in more of a residential area, so most of the open spots are already taken or are driveways. Once in a while, we got lucky and actually found a parking spot on the same street as the hotel. However, parking is hard to find anywhere in San Francisco, so I'm sure this problem isn't unique to the Marina Inn.  Overall, really great place, and I can't wait to go back.	
Apr 8 2006	Horrible Experience	We have family memebers checking out of the Marina Inn tomorrow. Although the rooms are fine (think motel decor, clean enough), the service is atrocious. We are residents of San Francisco, and wanted our relatives to be close to us in the Marina. Making the reservation was a hassle, but finally we got a room with a queen size bed (although we had wanted 2 beds). On the first morning, our relatives were woken with a note and a knock on the door saying that they had to change rooms, there had been a mistake on the hotel's part. So, with no help, they re-packed and moved rooms. No compensation or discount of any kind was offered for their inconvenience. Saturday morning my relatives went on a day trip to Napa, and I received a call at home informing me that their things would be removed from their room because they had missed check-out. However, our reservations did not end until the following day. After a heated discussion I was finally told it would be fixed, and was promptly hung up on.Needless to say, with all the hotels in San Francisco, this Inn is run by incompetent and rude people who think nothing of disrupting their guests. The average rate of $125 is appalling. If you are staying in the Marina/Cow Hollow area, I would strongly (I cannot stress this enough) stay either at a downtown hotel or at the Hotel Del Sol just down the street from the Marina Inn. It's about $10 to $20 more a night, but clearly worth the money.As a local in the area, my bad experience with the Marina Inn does not stand alone - I wish I had listened and avoided this hotel.	
Apr 5 2006	Excellent Bargain	For the cost ($65/night), this place was excellent. We had a very CLEAN room, somehow, in contrast to some other recent posts. The free internet and free continental breakfast added to the value. And the surrounding neighbourhood was great, although a little out of the way for the major attractions (maybe a 25 minute walk to the fisherman's wharf area). We spent a couple nights at the $200/night Hilton by Union Square after leaving the Marina Inn, and I ended up feeling that we would have been better off staying where we were, regardless of cost.	
Mar 24 2006	Awful !!	DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY!! The pics online is so deceiving! The rooms are SO small - the door hit the bed when you open the door. Our shower had bugs, hair, and &quot;whatever else&quot; in it. I felt dirtier after the shower than I did before hand. ICK. It is still a running &quot;joke&quot; about how awful the place was. NEVER NEVER NEVER. And, the parking situation is ATROCIOUS!!! We parked at least 10 blocks away, and it cost $20/night. Never never never again...I will splurge for a place on the wharf	
Dec 6 2005	Nightmare	Nightmare stay. We arrived for a 7 day and was placed in the $125 room which was suppose to have a daybed--it didn't. Place was cramped,noisey, and no workable air temperature control--so we had to open the window at night which brought in more noise. The vending machines didn't work at all. I informed the clerk that we wanted to leave and was told that we would still be charged for a second day because we didn't give 24 hour notice. Difficult to give notice of leaving 24 hours in advance when the reason we were leaving was because of the shoddy conditions. The second day we were placed in a much smaller room for $85 dollar rate. Could not even move in the smaller room and, even though an interior room, was still noisey. After that day we left and the Inn submitted charges on my card for 2 days at the $125 rate even though we were in the $85 dollar room which was overpriced. Would NEVER recommend this place for anyone.	
Nov 14 2005	A great find!	I found the Marina Inn to be very charming. We were in room 212 right in the front. It was very cute, had two big bay windows with window seats. Since we were right in the front, there was a lot of noise from traffic, but it was not too bad and I had already read other reviews warning me of such.The room was very clean and the staff was wonderful and friendly. They recommended some great restaurants that were within walking distance. We felt very safe in the neighborhood. They do not have any parking, but there are many lots down the street. We paid $10 for overnight parking a few blocks away.Breakfast was good: muffins, bagels, juice. Nothing extrodinary, but definatley above average. The only downside was that some of the room features needed to be updated. The thermostat was missing from its spot on the wall, and the drain stoppers in the tub and in the sink were broken.All in all, I think this was a very good value and I would definatley stay again.	
Aug 26 2005	Perfect for the explorer a good value	This is an excellent hotel for people on the go. It's clean, reliable, and in a nice neighborhood. It's a scenic one mile walk to the marina, and the exercise helps reduce the guilt of overeating at the marvelous restaurants in the area.Contrary to the people recommending a room off the street, we found those rooms to be claustrophobic - with a view only of a tiny inner area and other rooms. My wife and I asked to be moved after the first night. The friendly and helpful hotel staff complied immediately. The exterior rooms are bigger (ours had bay windows), and the noise from Octavia Street was minimal.Parking is expensive throughout the city, but you do not need a car if you are in reasonable shape and don't mind walking a bit. Buses go everywhere in the city, and you can take ferries to Sausalito, Tiburon, and Alcatraz.The continental breakfast wasn't much - bagels, bread, soft-boiled eggs, OJ, coffee - but it was enough to get us going in the morning. As the US dollar is currently cheap compared to many foreign currencies, the hotel (and the city) seemed to be filled with Europeans. We enjoyed making conversation with them and learning about their home countries.If you're looking for pampering and lots of amenities, this hotel is not for you. However, it's an excellent choice for people looking for a comfortable room at the end of the day.	
Apr 5 2005	Disappointed the second time around	I visited two years ago with my daughter and was pleased with the accomodations...they were cramped but neat/clean/ and safe. This time with my spouse the initial room reaked of cleaner and the window faced a wall. Another room was offered but that was also claustrophobic with a window opening up to another building. When I asked for a room with a view or some air I was on the corner of Lombard and Octavia. It was very noisy but the room was pleasant with two bay windows. Room was clean and breakfast consists of bagels, muffins, coffee, juice and hard boiled egss. Parking was awful and we did get a ticket for not removing our vehicle off the street after exceeding the 11AM limit by ten minutes. I still love SF, but maybe I'll stay elsewhere next time. Parking is ten dollars at an adjacent hotel, take it as parking is horrible.	
Mar 4 2005	B	Stayed here largely based on TripAdvisor reviews. Okay at best. A bit worn, and a bit noisy (even on the side street). Breakfast? Most motel continental breakfast offerings exceed this fare.	
Feb 28 2005	mixed feelings	I had read the reviews on TripAdvisor before booking one night at the Marina Inn.The price was very good ($77 for a double including taxes). The hotel was clean and the people at the reception desk were very nice. The room was small but clean. We had a queen size bed and a large bathroom. I was surprised to even get a small tube of toothpaste, something that is not usually given in hotels. We were able to park across the street at the Star Motel for $10. The Marina Inn has an agreement with the STar motel for parking.The hotel staff no longer leaves chocolate on your pillow at night, which is really OK with me. I would not expect it for that price.We had requested a room in the back to avoid noise from the street. The room we were given had the windows facing an alley (no view at all)Here is the main problem: the walls are very thin and we had noisy neighbors downstairs and next to our room. We were not able to sleep because of the neighbors.So, it's hard for me to decide if I would use this hotel again. It would be a great little place if we had quiet neighbors in the other rooms. This, unfortunately, cannot be guaranteed.	
Feb 8 2005	Wonderful Hotel 	I frequent the hotel on both business and personal trips and have always found the hotel to be clean and the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. If you wish to have a larger room with a view, ask for either roon 212 or 312 - these rooms are exceptional!! You also have fabulous restaurants conveniently located in the trendy areas of Union, Fillmore, and Chestnut Streets. It's what SF is all about!!	
Jan 27 2005	Good Price	The price was very good. However the walk to and from the tourist destinations was very far. There weren't many restaurants in the area. Our room had no view, clean, but unfriendly staff! The Breakfasts were always good.	
Dec 13 2004	Nice 	First trip to San Francisco and a friend recommended this Inn. Though the rooms are small, they are very charming and very clean. Nice breakfast and the rates couldn't be beat with such an easy walk to the Wharf. We spent our last night in Nob Hill and wish we would have been here instead. Much better location and the staff was helpful and friendly.	
Nov 23 2004	Met my expectations	I just returned from a 3 night stay in the lovely city of San Francisco where I was a guest of the Marina Inn. After reviewing the feedback regarding the Inn and doing extensive research for a reasonably priced hotel in a convenient location, I settled upon the Inn due to the great price. They are presently running a Winter sale with 25% off a second night stay.The room was clean and tidy with a queen bed and pine furniture. I had plenty of space, but it could be tight with 2 people. My room faced Lombard St. and was quite noisy. I would recommend staying in an interior room or one facing Octavia St. due to street noise. Even for a city dweller it was loud. The breakfast options were bagels, muffins, pastries, hard boiled eggs and coffee/tea/orange juice. Overall, a pleasant stay that met my expectations. This place is definitely not fancy, but if you are looking for a nice place, convenient location, and free breakfast then this is the Inn for you. Perfect for the single traveler on a budget. I rate it above average based upon the cost of the room and the location.	
Oct 9 2004	Great Deal!	Got a great deal at the Marinna Inn. The location was nice, the hotel clean, friendly and problem free. We had a room on the street and the noise didn't bother us a bit - but we are used to downtown living. I would recommend for anyone on a budget.	
Jul 20 2004	Disappointed but good breakfast	We stayed here for 3 nights commencing 27/6 after good comments on Tripadvisor and also frommers. I have to say we were disappointed. Room was small (even though we had opted for a room which could accommodate a day bed). Room only looked superfically cleaned, dusty with inground dirt and general signs of age/ wear and tear. Be warned traffic noise from Lombard street is awful compounded by antiquated wooden blinds which meant that room was always bright and noisy! Breakfast was good, fresh bagels to toast and hardboiled eggs if somewhat messy with paper napkins and plastic knives. I wouldnt recommend to stay here based on quality of room. It is well placed to walk to Fishermans wharf. I would suggest staying closer to union sq and getting the cable car down to the wharf.	
Jul 19 2004	Not so good...	We stayed here between 25 and 27 July 2004 (2 nights) and we chose the Marina Inn after reading the good reviews on TripAdvisor. Our first choice was The Argonaut, but the great difference in price made us change idea. Our room was small (but we expected that) and smelling really dusty. On the first night we couldn't sleep because of the great noise coming (we thought) from a party nearby... it was awful!The complimentary continental breakfast was good (especially chocolate muffins) and the position convenient.But on the overall I wouldn't stay here again.	
Jun 6 2004	Good times in the Marina district	Excellent hotel in a very excellent location. I have to admit that our room was right next to Lombard, so a little noisy, but not bad. The hotel was great and the service outstanding. Our room was small but very unique and quaint. We walked almost everywhere from the hotel and had no problems. Highly recommended.	
May 27 2004	nice place traffic noise wasn't too bad		
May 7 2004	I love this hotel		
May 4 2004 	Clean Quiet Friendly		
Apr 11 2004	great place for the price		
Apr 2 2004	Great time at the Marina Inn		
Apr 1 2004	Good breakfast but noisy!		
Jan 25 2004	No Parking		
Aug 20 2003	Noisy!!		
Jan 2 2003	Best value		
Aug 31 2002	great stop over		
Oct 30 2009 	Albergo buonoma ATTENZIONE!!		
Oct 15 2009 	nur im notfall		
Sep 17 2009 	carino		
Jul 1 2009 	Hotel pulito e ben collegato		
Jun 3 2009 	Antiguo pero bien ubicado		
