	PERFECT location and cozy yet modern design.	The incredible location and excellent service make up for the minor elements it lacks. It's located a block away from Union Square and the front desk staff was extremely accomodating, which won us over and will make this our new favorite hotel in SF. The hotel had a soft opening in late October and will eventually have a restaurant mid next year, but it's literally steps away from all the downtown action, restaurants, bars and such. We usually stay at the Westin on Market and although we have no complaints about it, the Crescent beats it in character and intimacy, plus I have to reiterate how great the location is!	
May 5 2008 	Great Vintage Charm	Great place. After hearing the rates at the big places down by the wharf, my pal and I decided to seek further...with bags in tow, and no place to stay, we came upon the Allison and figgered we'd try it out...we were exhausted, and the bags were heavy...Turns out, the place was great. Great vintage charm, the staff was friendly and we had a thouroghly enjoyable experience.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great value clean friendly	This was an unexpected find! Incredibly cheap and close to Union Square. Newly refurbished rooms, still some being worked on. It was the best value hotel I could find in San Fran for a Saturday night that was located in a very safe area. The staff were friendly and helpful. The first night I had a room near the road so it was noisy - okay for me but not if you are sensitive to noise. I missed my transport out of town so went back the following night, they gave me a discount on an even cheaper room and one away from the road. I would definitely go back.	
Oct 23 2004	Not a bad place on a budget	My husband and I stayed here in March 2000. It was the first time we have booked a room over the internet at a good rate and it turned out ok. Ours room was spacious and clean but did not have a bathroom so we had a short trip down a hallway which reminded me of the hallways in the Shining. No ghosts though. The airline had lost one of our bags and had to deliver it to our hotel and the staff were very good and kept ringing the airport bacause KLM took 4 days to get it to us.A good place to stay convenient to Chinatown, trams and shopping. A bit noisey yes but we felt the whole of San Francisco was noisey, we have never heard so many sirens in one place. Our room overlooked Maceys store which was cleaned at 2 am with all the lights on which we shared in our room.	
May 4 2004	No frills but A for effort	I had a wedding to go to in SF and I looked for a price that would allow me to have some fun... and I chose the Allison Hotel!The great thing is that two cable car lines end two blocks away at Stockton and Sutter. Also the major shopping mall is very very close.I really enjoyed my continental breakfast in the dining room.I love old hotels, and this hotel has charm. It had a rickety staircase (the elevator was NOT working) which did not bother me.I did concur with the previous review about earplugs... I happened to go to a wedding on October 30 and wow were the drunk college kids out tonight!I made NO mention to my room, which was wholly spartan, with a TV, excellent water pressure, and tiny. NO view. The no view thing was the worst and I didn't mind the rest.I liked the service and the shuttle pickup at the front desk.Can't complain!	
Feb 11 2003	Nice but bring earplugs	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Allison Hotel when we visited San Francisco in February of 2002. We had heard good and bad things about this place, but the price was so reasonable that we decided to risk it. For the most part, we were happy we did. Beds were comfortable, room was clean, staff was friendly (although English was a second language to most of the employees). The Allison was VERY conveniently located walking distance from Chinatown, where we spent a great deal of time and loved very much. It was also pretty close to some cool mall shopping (which we skipped--get enough of that at home :)). The hotel also featured a limited continental breakfast of muffins/bagels, cereal, fruit, orange juice/milk/coffee. We were on a budget...and those breakfasts really helped keep our food bill down. One major problem we had was the early morning NOISE! Our room was located near where they pick up garbage and without fail, the garbage trucks woke us up every morning at 6 am with their clashing and crashing! So much for sleeping in during our vacation! I was able to solve the problem by wearing ear plugs to bed...my boyfriend abstained and was awakened accordingly :) I also heard other guests complaining about their room being near the tunnel and listening to the cars honking all night...or having to listen to the bellhop at another hotel blowing his whistle all night. Just seems the Allison is in a bad place when it comes to noisiness. So, if you're on a budget and can be a good sport about sleeping in ear plugs...go for it! Otherwise, you might want to spend a few more bucks for a more noise-insulated hotel!	
