	San Fran part two	Average overall but was fine for our needs. Thought we would be in a Japanese hotel but really just a refurbished hotel from the 80's with japanese decor. Still, staff all very pleasant. Room a good size with great big bath - probably the best thing about the room) We had a twin room with plenty of space. 10 mins in a cab from Union Square or a 20 min bus ride from just outside. Only had room so no idea what the restaurant is like. Filmore St a few mins walk up the roab with interesting shops + restaurants.	
Nov 18 2009 	A Great Place with Kids	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Kabuki-formerly Hotel Miyako-During chilly July 07 with our 3 month old and my mother. Our first family vacation and it was wonderful. At first I was hesitant to stay in Japantown, just ignorant really, but it was such a nice surprise!  Finding the hotle was a snap, but parking was valet only $35/day at the time. Check-in took about 5 minutes, really quick, and the elevator whisked us up to our rooms. We stayed in a Deluxe View Corner King room with a beautiful view-instead of curtains we had shoji screns for window coverings which are excellent blackout screens. My mom was across the hall in her own King room with a view. We were visiting during a construction phase, but you would never know. We seemed to be separated from any guests, I think we were the only guests on our floor, and that was fine with us-peace and quiet with our baby! They provided a crib for us, just a basic drop side, and since she didn't move around at all, we were not worried about crib recalls. The King bed was huge, bigger than a normal king-maybe a California King :) and we slept very peacefully in the nice bedding and pillows. The TV was nice, but I think they have updated to LCD TV's since our trip. The bathroom with the huge/deep soaking tub was a treat. Even the baby enjoyed her Japanese baths!The restaurant/lounge was not open during the construction, so we went to the mall and ate at BennyHanna's and the Sushi Boat in the Miyako Mall. The area outdoors is very nicely manicured: Peace Garden and Koi Pond. and there are several shops, restaurants (Pizza, Denny's), art galleries within walking distance, but be aware that it is hilly and steep, 4-6 blocks feels like 10 on those inclines! The amenities were scarce when we were there, no spa or in room services, no pool-still no pool, but we did have wireless internet and a morning paper.Very Kid friendly hotel: always greeting us and asking if we needed anything for the baby. And we did end up buying formula/diapers at a local Japanese market-just like a local Dallas maket with more Japanese variety, but they did carry Similac and Pampers. We walked a lot on the trip and San Fran in general is a great stroller city. Wine country/Napa not so much. Who takes their baby on a wine tour anyway?!? That's right we did, but it was OK.All in all, I would love to go back to see the updated version of this property. It was very nice and clean and steeped in Japanese decor,and I would like to see all the new amenities and room improvements.	
Nov 16 2009 	Lovely hotel in Japantown	We chose the Kabuki for a short visit to San Francisco as it is away from the noise and confusion of the central city area. We chose a room on the club floor, and were extremely pleased- the room was large, clean, and quiet. The Japanese screens covering the windows gave an intimate feel, but could be opened to let in sunlight in the daytime. Our rate on the club floor included a continental breakfast, which added to the value we received. Parking in the underground garage was easy to access and decently priced at $16. Staff was pleasant and accommodating. We will definitely stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Room size layout view and furnishings were excellent as is its location.	After staying in several San Francisco hotels during the past 15 years while visitng our daughter, we've settled on the Kabuki as our best choice, particularly since its renovation and expansion a couple years ago. Cleanliness, size, furnishings and genial service as well as its location, all for reasonable rates, have made it a pleasure for us during our three-to-five-day visits. Importantly, although the hotel charges for parking, we've never failed to find free overnight street parking within a block or two of the hotel, and often can stay parked for several hours on the street the next morning at no charge.	
Nov 15 2009 	Always a pleasure	We stayed here last week for my birthday. The front desk upgraded me to a bigger room without me asking. The parking is very reasonable and safe at 16.00 a night. You are in the perfect location to walk to the Filmore, Polk Russian hill, and some of the most beautiful parts of SF. Japan town is such a wonderful place to explore. There are so many shops and delicious places to eat. I am always more than happy to stay at Hotel kabuki. The rooms are stunning and the service is outstanding. How can you beat the amazingly romantic views from your window. This is the place I most like to stay when I'm in San Francisco.	
Oct 30 2009 	First of Many Future Stays at Hotel Kabuki	Charming Japanese style hotel in charming Japan Town. Painted screens create huge murals on the walls, and roll back to reveal huge windows. Love the deep Japanese style tub and the bath salts - made for a relaxing bath after pounding the SF pavement all day and night! Yes, if you spend your vacation inspecting every inch of the rooms, you may see the hotel showing its age. But for half the cost of a downtown hotel, in a much more unique (but central) neighborhood, its well worth it! We also didn't get the welcome tea and agree the breakfast buffet was forgettable, but still appreciate the friendly service and great value.Don't miss the amazing restaurant Bushi-Tei across the street. Expensive but worth the splurge for incredibly fresh, delicious and creative dishes. So many charming little restaurants, shops, bookstores to discover in this area. We had a strenuous but much needed Thai massage nearby. Did I mention that this area is so charming?! :)	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic hotel	Great hotel, close enough to the action. This Japanese-style hotel had great rooms. Everything was spotless and the staff were extremely helpful and courteous.	
Oct 28 2009 	Loved it!	My first trip to San Francisco and I picked this hotel because I got a great deal. I loved the neighborhood (Japantown), it was not as busy as most of the city, quieter, safer, surrounded by great Japanese restaurants, and always had at least 3 cabs waiting outside to wisk us away to the clubs. My next trip to SF I will definitely stay there again!	
Oct 22 2009 	Hotel not as expected.	On the Hotel's website they state the hotel recently remodeled and updated. The rooms looked nothing like the photos on the website. The first room was smelly, small, had broken fixtures in the bathroom,and a smoke detector falling from the ceiling. we complained. The second room while it was bigger and did not smell, had peeling wallpaper, broken closet doors,sink faucet that leaked, broken thermostat so it was either too cold or too hot, and extremely noisy even with the windows closed. There was no dresser to put our clothes in(we stayed for a week) and no table(had to eat sitting on the bed). The Hotel has yet to respond to my letter of complaint. I will not book this Hotel again nor recommend this place to any one.	
Oct 18 2009 	Wonderful Stay at the Kabuki Hotel	We had a wonderful 5-night stay at the Kabuki. Our room was quite large with beautiful shoji screens. We had gotten it on booking.com for $109 a night. We liked the location since it is right on the bus line and not as &quot;noisy and busy&quot; as the center of San Francisco. We had a car which we parked next door for $16 a day but decided to use public transport in the city. One morning we had their buffet breakfast which was quite good. For dinner, there is an excellent chinese restaurant across the street, called San Wang with low prices, large portions, and excellent food.	
Oct 17 2009 	Bring your expectations down a notch	Thought this would be a nicer place all around. Restaurant in the hotel was closed more than it was open...so forget room service. Attention to details in the room was spotty. Location of the hotel is great and it was quiet and felt comfortably small.	
Oct 12 2009 	Cheap makeover Big disappointment	I was initially very excited to book the Kabuki, having become addicted to JDV hotels, the Vitale in particular! The hotel rooms however look nothing like the glossy pictures and were a huge, huge disappointment!On arrival the hotel seemed very understaffed, a que at the front desk and one porter in sight who was busy with a wedding guest. When we got out of the lift (which needed a clean!) there was a dirty glass in clear view on the table opposite the lift. This took the staff 2 days to remove, even after a complaint to the manager!The hotel room itself was an extremely poorly, cheaply and quickly made over room with what looked like dirty old 1970 fixtures, heavily artexed ceiling and yellowing pipes remaining, tatty wooden frames cracked and decaying around the windows and doors, just painted over. window screens made from what looked like unfinished garden trelless fitted with card.Light bulbs in the bathroom worked intermittently, we had a shower which looked 10 years old, missing it's dial cover and a toilet which you could hear flush from room above and below.In the fridge there was a drink of aloe juice which had been opened, half drunk and returned to the fridge.We had a burnt through dirty stained lamp shade. Disgusting dirty windows and old metal sliding door which didn't slide, in fact one wouldn't open at all! The balcony was no more than 1ft deep with dirty fake grass matting all over it.The air filters looked so dirty we slept with the door open at night rather than use the aircon. The bed was comfortable yet made up with sheets which had been turned back to reveal multiple holes and a blood mark.Paper was peeling off the walls in areas and patches had been placed where items had been moved on the wall to cover holes. They even left pencil lines over one wall where they had been measuring where to hang frames. The views were the only redeeming feature, yet if you don't like the thought of being between a main road and a dual carriageway I would say you may not enjoy them.We did make a complaint the first day we were there and were shown rooms on higher floors which had identical problems. The guy who showed us offered an excuse/ explanation for the poor state of the rooms &quot;this building is over 50 years old&quot;, not the explanation or solution I was looking for!If we had not paid in full up front I would have left immediately. The sheets got changed but the room was depressing. I felt stupid and conned for booking this place and we spent as much time away as possible.The business centre was also the only one of 5 hotels we stayed at on a 3 week trip that charged for using the internet.Please look at some visitors pictures to see the reality	
Oct 9 2009 	OK experience...Offered more than they could deliever...	Location in Japan Town was excellent and close to great food and culture. Hotel was OK but nothing out of the ordinary. Lobby and Garden were as described and quite beautiful but the rooms were basic and standard at best. My number one complaint was the popcorn ceiling. Really?...in this day and age? Scrape that old stuff off! The bathroom perplexed w/too many doors that actually hit each other if opened all at once. The restaurant had great decor but the Sunday breakfast buffet was forgettable. $18 dollars for powdered eggs? Luckily, we were there for the City and not the Hotel. But, would have liked to have been 'Wowed'. One last thing...the advertised 'welcoming tea' was non-existent. :-(	
Oct 8 2009 	Fabulous place in Japantown	We stayed here with our 6 and 9 year old boys in a corner king room with a rocking view of the city and sliding door that opened along two walls. Our boys loved it! They love hotels in general but this one got a big thumbs up from them for its uniqueness...the deep soaking tub, the sliding doors, the chaise lounge and the Japan town mall attached to the hotel. Plus if you join the Joie De Vrie club you get email rates. We got this room for $111 in a city where rates run much higher.	
Oct 8 2009	Lovely but glad we had a discount code	Found a great rate via their facebook page &amp; so glad we did...Pro: wonderful location, comfy bed with crisp linens, great shower pressure &amp; a nice flat screen / Cons: smaller than expected room (fine but low frills &amp; nowhere near five star) &amp; no soaking tub, so be sure to ask if that's what you wantOverall, a lovely stay, especially for the price &amp; will definitely return when in San Francisco. Especially with a discount code from twitter or facebook. Enjoy!	
Oct 8 2009 	A Japanese Experience in the Heart of San Francisco	We enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Hotel Kabuki. The service was friendly and warm when we arrived to the hotel. We felt as if we stepped into a hotel in Japan. There was a beautiful japanese garden in the lobby and the rooms had rice paper screens and a japanese bath tub. The hotel is located next to Japantown which provided us good restaurants and shopping.	
Oct 8 2009 	Loved the Kabuki!	We got a good deal on a pre-paid room at the Hotel Kabuki and were very satisfied. We had a corner room on the 10th floor with great views of the city. The location was nice, it was an easy walk to Union Square, but far enough that it was much quieter. Lots of great Japanese restaurants in the area. If traveling with a car, don't bother with the valet parking at the hotel. The adjacent mall has underground parking that allows you to enter from the basement of hotel without even going outside.	
Oct 8 2009 	If you find an internet deal grab it and enjoy your stay at an upscale Japanese hotel	Through an internet special, we got a &quot;deluxe view king room&quot; for $85/night, and for that price, our stay was amazing. Japantown is a quieter area of the city (though it does have a nice mall with well-priced Asian eats), but it is centrally located, so we found it easy to walk to the sections we wanted to explore. The hotel staff were very kind, and our room was elegantly decorated. Our only complaint was that the shower head was pretty low, so watch out if you're on the tall side! We ordered room service one morning, and the food was fine, but nothing compared to the places we ate out at other mornings. I would definitely stay there again if I could find a comparable deal.	
Oct 7 2009 	Never again!	I go to San Francisco fairly often for business and usually stay at the JW Marriott. Just for a change of pace, I thought I'd try the Hotel Kabuki because it advertised Japanese style rooms AND FREE INTERNET ACCESS. I also signed up for the Joie De Vivre program (their version of the points program) before booking. They have you fill out a form listing your preferences, including whether you'd like water, white wine, or red wine upon arrival. I don't drink, so I selected water. But when I arrived, I was told that I only had a choice of wines -- that the hotel was out of water! How can a hotel be out of bottled water?! So I asked if I could just have a Diet Coke, but the front desk said &quot;no&quot;. I was told that if I wanted a Diet Coke or bottled water, that I could purchase it from the Honor Bar. So they promised water (can this be more simple?), claim to be out, then say that I have to buy it from the Bar. It gets worse. I booked the Japanese suite. The hotel advertises free internet access and internet access is a must for my business. Only there was no cable in the room and the wifi had very limited range. I spent an HOUR on the phone with various levels of tech support, all to no avail. They finally moved me to another room, where I finally had sporadic internet access. The Japanese theme is quaint, but the rooms are very outdated, bathroom tiles are chipped, even the top of the toilet was chipped. I'm 5'7&quot;, but the shower head was WAY too low, and yet the sink was so high that I had to stand on my toes to wash my face! The bathroom looked like it hadnt been updated since at least the 1980's. The only &quot;cute&quot; thing about it was the flip down scale (I thought it was a radiator). That must be from the 1950's. One of the tatami mats had a huge worn through area.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Value for reasonable price	When we first got into San Francisco, we booked &quot;The Mosser&quot; hotel. It was in primal location, but rooms were tiny...very tiny. It pretty much doesn't contain much else beside a double bed. My boyfriend and I each had a mid to full size luggage, and there was no room for us to lay down both luggages on the floor. Every morning getting dressed was a struggle. So we decided to look for somewhere else, and that's how we moved into Hotel Kabuki.For $30 more for one night, you get ten times of comfort. The rooms are much much bigger. It can fit in a king size bed, a writing desk, a full size bathroom with separate shower and bath, and there is still ton of room to spare! Now we can finally lay down both luggages and still able to walk around.It's only 10 minutes bus ride to Union Square. With the 3-day Muni passport, we don't have to worry about getting the exact change. Also the hotel is very close to a major road &quot;Geary&quot;, so buses are frequent, we rarely have to wait for more than 5 minutes for a bus.  The King size bed with 400 thread count sheets was so comfortable, every night we have slept like babies since we got here. Bathroom has a nice decor, but the hot water for the shower takes a round 3 minutes to actually get hot - but that maybe it's just our room? There are tons of restaurants around here - mostly Japanese food. It's in Japantown after all. A lot of cute shops nearby where you can get some Japanese arts and crafts. It's a quite neighborhood, definitely not as lively as Union Square, but why would you want to hear other people partying when you go to sleep?	
Oct 2 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	We had a wonderful time here. We stayed during the week, meaning prices were lower and we got a 4-night deal so it was even less. We had a room on the 16th floor and we could see the Golden Gate on a clear day, beautiful view. Parking is relatively cheap compared to the rest of the city, they have a garage next door with direct access to the hotel elevators at $16 for 24 hours. For the rest of the trip we took advantage of the MUNI system (google &quot;MUNI 511&quot; for planning which ones to take that day) which was pretty easy and had several stops near the hotel for ease - we went to Alcatraz, the Golden Gate Park, the Bridge, Union Square, the Port, Market Street, Fishermans Wharf, and Ghirardelli Square using MUNI. Theres also a Safeway nearby for a cheap dinner in your room. Lots of restaurants nearby as well (mostly Japanese of course). The fridge in the room is kinda small but does fit breakfast items to save a litle money. The shower was really cool, just keep your towel/clothes off the floor or they will be soaked. My one complaint is that we could not control our own room temperature, or at least we couldnt figure out how. We are warm sleepers and it seems the hotel has the system switched to &quot;heat&quot; after a certain hour, which was no good for us (it was also September, still mildly warm outside). So we slept with the sliding door cracked and window covers pulled passed it. This also meant a little more noise coming in - I put cotton in my ears. Also, you share a balcony with the room next to you, so be careful about that. The room itself is cozy, if a little tight. But we were out all day so who cares. The bed and pillows were wonderful, we both loved it. They are pet friendly and we had our cat with us and they did not charge us a pet-fee (they may for dogs). The only reason we would not stay here again would be to experience somewhere else, though this hotel is just outside of &quot;downtown&quot; and so was quieter, but still within easy reach of all the things you want to do. :-) Oh yah, free internet too. And they did discontinue room service.	
Oct 1 2009 	A hotel with a unique Japanese style	This hotel tries to beat the 'bland' with a Japanese theme. Carried through very well with deep bath tubs, washing stool and ladle in bathroom, tea-set, rice-paper/mural screens over windows, decor all in keeping. Rooms are large and well-equipped with comfy beds. Downside is that there is no door to vanity area and only glass door to bath, so not suitable if you want privacy. Also so-called balcony is only wide enough to stand on and ours also connected directly to next room.	
Sep 27 2009 	A hotel in a quiet place submerged in a small local culture	At the end of a long day of urban hiking, returning to the Hotel Kabuki was like &quot;coming home.&quot; The area is quiet and in stark contrast to the hustle and bustle of Union Square. At the same time, the hotel is directly connected to the Japan Center with several Japanese restaurants, bars and a few stores. There are also a couple of restaurants across the street that were recommeded to us by a local San Franciscan (Korea House and a fusion restaurant, a couple of doors down from Korea House). The room was average size and offered a Japanese soaking tub, which was a much appreciated feature. The bed was incredibly comfortable.The beginning of the California cable car was a frequency starting point for our day. It is about 8 blocks or so from the hotel, and a nice walk. A cab from Union Square cost about $7 (sans tip).I would definitely stay here again. The area is peaceful. The experience was great and the hotel was easily accessible.	
Sep 27 2009 	First Class	My husband and I stayed at Hotel Kabuki on a recent short vacation to SF. Thanks to a wonderful rate on Expedia, we enjoyed our stay in the King Club room for a price that ordinarily would have been much more expensive. We were a bit disappointed to hear that they've cut back on ammenities such as room service, tea service, and the advertised welcome sake, although not surprising due to the current economy. Despite this, we enjoyed the central location which is very near public transit (SF Muni) for easy travels around the city. Customer service, cleanliness, and ambience were top notch. Very peaceful and worth the return!	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Hotel with Great Service	This Hotel met all my expectations. We stayed in a corner room which was very roomy and had awesome views of Japantown and surrounding areas. The room and bathroom were very clean and our maid did a wonderful job cleaning our room. The bathroom was very big and nice with a very deep tub. All of the staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel is very close to a safeway and a small japanese grocery store where you can pick up food and drinks to bring back. Also it was a 10 dollar cab ride to most places in the city because of the hotels central location. I highly reccomend it to anyone visiting SF.	
Sep 21 2009 	Trendy Boutique Hotel	A lovely hotel in Japan Town. A $2 journey on Bus No. 38 to Union Square. Free Wi-Fi but no breakfast. Happy hour in bar/restaurant good value for money. Try 3 to 4 starters at half price ( tapas style ) washed down with a $3 pint of beer.. not bad. Bill, who looks after the bar is a mine of information and is pretty good at cocktails as well. Enjoyed our stay at this hotel &amp; would definitely recommend it..	
Sep 19 2009 	A gem	I fly often to San Francisco, mostly on business. My previous strategy was to use Expedia in order to get the best deal on a random reasonably located hotel in reasonable condition. After sampling a number of hotels that way I've changed my strategy and have settled on the Hotel Kabuki as my go-to location in San Francisco and I now book it directly with the Joie de Vivre chain which is more advantageous than going through a travel bundler. Like other reviewers who like this hotel, I enjoy the Japanese style bathroom with it's soaking tub. I also enjoy other Japanese touches such as the meditation garden, room decor, and tie-in to a nearby spa. It seemed to me that the cleaning people did a more thorough job than at most mid-price hotels. I also was well treated by all staff. As a business traveler, I very much appreciate the free high speed internet -- it's a pet peeve of mine when hotels charge (sometimes outrageous) amounts for that.	
Sep 17 2009 	Relaxing stay	I really liked this hotel. Loving all things Japanese just added to the pleasure from the Japanese gardens on the property to the location in Japantown. The beds are large and comfy, the room is spacious and what a bathroom. I particularly loved the deep Japanese tubs. After a looooong day of sight seeing up and down horrid &quot;hills&quot; (I think they're mountains!) there's nothing better then to relax in one of these tubs. Very pleasant stay. One complaint was the balcony was a bit small. I would stay here again and again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Fun experience	The Kabuki hotel is a great location when visiting Japantown (check out the cute shops in the nearby Japanese mall) and close to the trendy shops on Filmore str. However, it is a bit far from everything else a SF tourist might want to see. The room was nicely decorated in true Japanese style without being too kitschy. Parking was easy in the underground parking garage.	
Sep 15 2009 	Quite and Safe	I loved that the hotel seems to be in a quiet and safe location. Good sized rooms and bath rooms. The only thing that really bothered me is the amount of mold behind the overflow drain in the bathtub. Ew.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good place great service 1 hiccup	Beautiful property in the middle of Japan town. Hotel staff was always helpful and pleasant. There was one problem with the final bill; one email to the General Manager and I received a prompt and professional reply that satisfactorily addressed the issue.	
Sep 5 2009 	Unique comfortable hotel in good location	I stayed there 3 nights with my husband, 4 year old son and 20 year old nephew. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful. Doormen were hit or miss. One in particular was very attentive and friendly. Others somewhat aloof. The lobby is sublime as is the garden. The rooms are well designed but a little outdated. The location is great; away from the hustle &amp; bustle of downtown. The bus is conveniently located a block away making Golden Gate park, Ocean Beach or downtown easily accessible. Several restaurants on Geary were kid friendly and delivered. Great parks/ playgrounds in nearby Pacific Heights. The Kabuki Sundance theater &amp; Yoshi's Jazz club are within walking distance. Perhaps best of all the associated Kabuki Spa &amp; Springs takes relaxation to a whole new level and it is only a short walk away. Would be great for a romantic getaway or a girls's weekend as well.	
Sep 5 2009 	Nice end to our Roadtrip honeymoon	Bought our stay online 4 days before we arrived in San Francisco at the end of a month long coast to coast roadtrip. Got a great price but would've paid more if we'd had to...We had a lovely 2 nights here, it's in Japantown and therefore is a good location to get to most places.The room was comfortable... nice big bed decent size bathroom. We splurged on room service breakfast and it was lovely ... even if they did get our order slightly wrong! But we were leaving for the airport that morning and therefore didn't return it due to time but i'm sure it wouldn't have been a problem as the service was excellent!The restaurant is worth a visit and the menu is a japanese/western mix... I can recommend the burger!We used the valet parking as we had a hired mustang convertible and wanted it looked after, the other parking is a short walk away, looks safe enough but we decided not to take that chance! The valets were attentive and informative about where to go and what to do!Overall a good place to stay!	
Sep 1 2009 	Fabulous !	We were here for 5 nights. We loved it !!! The staff were great, front desk, &amp; door man.So many people complained about the price of food in the bar/ restraurant. We found it average and the food was wonderful. Every night we tried something new. Had a great happy hour. :) Right next door to the small mall. Every morning we walked over to the 3 bakerys for coffee and goodies. So many places to eat there, very unique . Since we are from Ohio, it was very exciting for us. If we ever get back out, we will stay again.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great stay at a great location	We stayed 5 nights in this Japanese style hotel with Japanese touches such as the green tea and shoji screens and deep tub and nifty shower. It was noisy being on the street side the first night so they moved us to an inside facing room which had a nice view of the twin peaks. We ate a nearby Sazu Ramen restaurant (wonderful maguro), loved shopping at Ichibankan, and bought snacks at Safeway. The Japantown pop festival was an unexpected bonus. The location is great for access by muni bus or walking to wharf, downtown, Golden Gate Park, and Hayes Valley. The front desk provided maps, newspapers, and cheerfully printed out our boarding passes.	
Aug 24 2009 	Good stay beware of parking garage	Nice location in Japan town. Clean and quite area. A nice walk to the bay but wouldn't suggest doing it every day of your stay considering the hills. Nice, clean rooms. The parking garage was ok, but beware if you need to get out before 6:30 in the morning like we did to catch our flight, you have to pay a $50 fee (cash only!) to open the garage.	
Aug 19 2009 	Very Nice and a Good Location for Little Ones	We enjoyed our 4-night stay at the Kabuki. Due to travel delays, we arrived after midnight we called to alert the desk of our late arrival and were very warmly greeted. Our upper level view King room was a quiet simply decorated, very nice, very clean and with a Japanese soaking tub. We did not hear any street noise (even car alarms) or the service elevator across the hall, the room was well insulated and shared a narrow balcony with the room next door. The room had an electric kettle, teabags instant coffee and a traditional cast iron Japanese tea pot and cups for tea. There was an afternoon sake tasting but we did not attend. The Desk Staff pointed out the convenient coupons and discounts on the Japantown parking website. My only complaint would be if two share the room the lack of a door into the bathroom area casts a light into the sleeping area, you are unable to light the wc without the dressing area light going on and waking other sleepers. The Japantown shops are right next door, you are able to enter the Peace Plaza Center from the lobby. There are lots of family friendly dining options, shopping, gift, and snack options nearby as well. We enjoyed very pleasant pre-bedtime strolls through Japantown each night. The Geary and Post Street buses are frequent and convenient. We will be making a return visit to the Kabuki on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Aug 16 2009 	Perfect getaway for a honeymoon!	Not only was the hotel itself amazing with their great service, unique rice cracker pillow snacks, and the delicious breakfasts, it was close enough to everything my husband and I felt the need to experience in San Francisco. The staff went out of their way to see to it that we enjoyed ourselves the week that we were with them. The rate for our room was very reasonable and I plan on staying with them again the next time we visit San Francisco.	
Aug 10 2009 	Overall not so great...	We were really excited to stay here because of its location (its in the center of Japantown), however that was pretty much the only good thing about it. We didn't really have any problems with the room except for the bathroom area. There is a small nook for the toilet and a shower room with a glass door with no lock! Needless to say, it isn't the best place to stay if you want privacy from family members, etc. when you are showering. On the first night there we had absolutely no hot water. We informed the front desk of our problem and they could offer no suggestions. They sent up an engineer who said that &quot;everyone must be taking a shower at the same time and that is why there is no hot water.&quot; And then he asked us, &quot;Oh, you like your showers hot?&quot; Well, duh! We waited an hour and tried the tub again. Still no hot water. This time the front desk offered to give us a key so that we could walk to a separate building to take a hot shower. Seriously? We paid to stay in a hotel room with a hot shower, why should we have to walk someplace else for a hot shower? Not to mention that we had paid extra to have a soaking tub, which in the end we couldn't use anyway. So in the end we all took cold showers and didn't use the tub until the next morning. Overall, the soaking tub was a waste of money and the service was sub-par. The location was the only decent thing as there is mall access in the hotel lobby. If you are looking for somewhere really close to Japantown, look into Hotel Kabuki. If that doesn't matter to you, definitely try someplace else.	
Aug 10 2009 	Not impressed with Kabuki	I was excited to stay at the Kabuki after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and getting a great rate through hotwire, and having stayed there for 4 nights, I can say that I'm very disappointed with the overall stay. We had a corner room with a balcony, but we were on the 7th floor and saw only the building next door and the busy Geary Street. Nothing spectacular to look at and lots of street noise to listen to. When I went to put my toiletries on the counter in the bathroom, I was shocked at the filth around the sink. When I swiped my fingers across the counter, they were black!!!! I don't believe the back of the counter had been wiped, let alone cleaned, in a long time. It looked like the person who cleaned only did surface wiping and ignored all the rest. This made me worry about the rest of the room's cleanliness. We had only one robe, and no wash clothes. Housecleaning had to bring them up for us at our request apologizing that they just got out of the dryer, and the robe looked like it just came out of the dryer all wrinkly. There was one tea bag (just a regular store brand) and the floor didn't look like it had been vacuumed in a while. We complained and got a room in the adjoining building with no balcony, though the room was about the same size. That night a group in the hotel decided to party on their balcony at 3:00 in the morning and were shouting down to the courtyard which echoed into our room. It was the most obnoxious night I've had in a hotel. The front desk was responsive once we called them and the &quot;guests&quot; went back into their room, though I'm sure the neighboring room was not too happy since we were able to hear EVERYTHING next door to us. I have stayed in a lot of hotels over the years, and I think this hotel was one of my most disappointing stays ever, mostly because I had higher expectations from this sight.	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Neighborhood	We booked an awesome deal for the hotel and were so pleasantly surprised to find how nice the hotel and the neighborhood of Japantown was... The room was very clean, nicely &amp; simply decorated with touch of modern Asian, the bed was comfy, internet was easy, plenty of shops &amp; eateries within walking distance. definitely recommend the cute little asian shops &amp; crepes right inside the mall next door and Fillmore St for shops like Marc Jacobs, etc! We were looking forward to going to the Kabuki Springs Spa but unlucky for us, it was undergoing a cleaning/renovation during the week of our stay... darn... Parking was the only pain, but other than that, everything was great!	
Aug 7 2009 	Relax at Kabuki	So nice to have a nice hotel to stay in after Yosemite. Centre of Japan Town.Nasty $16 daily parking charge. Everything else was fantastic. Bit of a distance from downtown SF but a good base for travel.Staff were so nice and polite.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Hotel Good/Safe Location Highly Recommended for SF First Timers	This is the first time we visited San Francisco, and we're so glad to have chosen this hotel as a great introduction to the city! Japantown is not too far from the main San Francisco attractions, yet not too close to the noisy, overcrowded streets of the more popular parts of the city. It is a very safe &amp; clean place to walk around, and there are plenty of Japanese restaurants, grocery stores, and gift shops steps away from the hotel. The hotel accommodations we great - the room was very clean and looks just like the pictures from the hotel's website and the king size bed was very comfortable. On our floor it was pretty quiet - we did not hear other travelers at night, but maybe because we stayed on weekdays. We visited the main attractions using public transportation and walking. There are a couple of bus lines very close to the hotel, depending where you want to go. If you look at a map of San Francisco, you will see that Japantown is only 10-15 minutes away by bus to most major attractions. We also used our GPS to find good restaurants/shops and were delighted to find that you can get to them within a 2 mile radius. The doorman and staff were also very helpful in arranging taxi or helping you figure out which bus line to take. We would recommend first time travelers to San Francisco to get the city pass (available on SF's visitor website), which includes passes to main attractions and 7 day, unlimited pass to all the bus/muni/trolley public transportation.	
Aug 4 2009 	A great very safe location and nice hotel	We stayed for 4 nights in an 'Executive Sauna Suite' which comprised 2 rooms and bathroom with sauna. The kids slept on the sofa-bed in the living room. The price was very good through Expedia. When we arrived we were able to park in the front of the hotel whilst checking in. If you have a car, this is a good place to stay as there is parking in an independent underground car park which has a lift up to the hotel lobby, for $16 per day. The room was comfortable, especially the king size bed, not so much the sofa-bed. There was a balcony overlooking the Peace Pagoda. The fixtures and fittings probably needed some updating, but not overly so. The lobby is lovely as is the Zen Garden. We didn't eat at the hotel - breakfast was expensive, so we went to May's Coffee Shop in Kintetsu Mall (on the opposite side of the Peace Pagoda, near Benihana). We ate on the first night at Benihana which the kids especially enjoyed. We had a great time in San Francisco and would recommend in particular the California Academy of Sciences for children and adults alike (especially the aquarium, the climate change exhibit and the green roof).	
Aug 3 2009 	Relaxing stay	Hotel Kabuki is conveniently located in the heart of Japantown in San Francisco, right next door to the Japan Center (filled with great Japanese restaurants, cafes and shops), close to a movie theater and not too far from Union Square (take bus nr 38 from Geary str). The hotel is on a quiet street, making it a great location to relax after a busy day of sightseeing.Recently renovated, our room was very modern yet cozy, the king-size bed very comfortable. The bathroom had a Japanese soaking tub with bath salt to enjoy it. Large flat-screen TV and free wi-fi provided entertainment.The hotel's restaurant had breakfast but instead we decided to walk a few steps and grab a bite at one of the cafes in Japan Center.Room rates are originally higher but we got a great deal on Travelzoo.	
Aug 1 2009 	i'll be back	i loved this hotel, the staff were friendly, the room was lovely and the bed very comfortable. the japanese bath was brilliant. toiletries supplied [especially the soaps] were of excellent quality and there was an abundance of towels. i'll be back.	
Jul 31 2009 	Ideal location for anyone visiting San Francisco.	The room we got was for $80.00 through Travel Ticker and you couldn't ask for better. Our room had two walk-out balconies on the tenth floor that had phenomenal views in either of those directions. The room looks just like it does in the picture, with lots of nice touches like the chaise longe and the print screens that allow you to let in light or the bamboo shutters that can close over the screens to completely darken the room. The lobby is lovely with it's view of a Japanese garden and many places to sit in. I used the well-equipped exercise room that also has a view into part of the garden. It was cold in San Francisco and the hotel had a fantastic A/C to crank up the heat. My teenage daughter was in paradise because the Japan Town mall is only a few hunded feet away and was full of Japanese restaurants, knock-off jewelry, bag shops, Manga and anime stores and a wonderful hair salon to get her hair cut in a Japanese style. I enjoyed walking over to this mall every morning to get my coffee along with a freshly-made Japanese pastry shaped like a fish, with a wonderful filling. Across the street from the Hotel Kabuki is a restaurant called Sanppo that we ate in a couple of times which had great atmosphere, the best tempura and seafood soba. The staff there are very friendly and thoughtful. We were within a 20 minute walk to the Union Square part of town and from there took a 20.00 double-decker tour bus that took us all over to the tourist sites and where you can get off and on as often as you please for two days, not a bad deal. In that Union Square area there's a lot of shopping, but it was like our tour bus guide said, &quot;Neiman Marcus, otherwise known as needless mark-up.&quot; The line to get into the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art went around the corner when we got there. But what we saw inside was well worth the waiting. It was a great vacation for us.	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	My wife and I really enjoyed staying at the Hotel Kabuki for the three nights we stayed in San Francisco. The staff was friendly, the hotel clean (really nice-looking lobby area with its Japanese ambience), and the location suited us tremendously. The Japantown mall is immediately adjacent to the hotel, and there is a convenient underground parking lot just below the hotel. The hotel is also close to the Upper Fillmore area with its many restaurants, shops, and casual eating areas - a great area to simply wander before or after dinner.	
Jul 28 2009 	Love this place	Sometimes you can get a great rate, in part because it's not in the center of the usual business/tourist action around Embaradero, Union Square and the wharf. On the other hand, it's closer than the expensive hotels to the SF zoo and Golden Gate Park and the Haight. The rooms are very nice, the underground parking is $2/hr and $16 for 24 hours (but no in/out, not that it mattered to us, and valet is $40). If you don't have a car, it's about a $7 cab ride down to the BART. Restaurant's a bit overpriced ($3 coffee to go), but with the room deal, it's a small price to pay. Nice spa around the corner. Beds very comfortable, accommodating front desk, attentive management. My second stay, and I'll go back. The one thing that was a nuisance was the fitness center, which had only one treadmill and one bike -- it renders the morning schedule uncertain if you have to wait for a machine.	
Jul 26 2009 	Clean. Lovely. Quiet.	Found a great last minute deal featured on msnbc.com. Great location for us. The peace and quiet was a pleasant surprise as it is just off of the beaten path. Staff was very friendly. This hotel was a pleasure to have as home base. Only complaint is everything closes at 8pm in Japantown. (This very well may be the reason for such peace and quiet). You'll have to grab some provisions on Sutter or Geary before calling it a night unless you want a $5 snickers or a $7 water from the minibar.	
Jul 26 2009 	Loved It	In town for King Tut Exhibit. Hotel Kabuki was a grreat experience. Check-in very easy. Room is quite large and bathroom was fantastic. Loved soaking tub. Instead of fluffy plain 'ole white robe you get a traditional Japanese Kimono!! Traditional tea service was not automatic. You had to ask for it - they were more than willing. Breakfast was a little steep - $18. Waitress was not very good but all other service was excellent. Doorman very helpful; front desk very helpful. Plenty of underground parking. $16/night. Hotel does not validate. Would definitely go back.	
Jul 20 2009 	It was fine but would try another location next time; people polite	We took the San Francisco City Shuttle to our hotel since it was just about to leave and costs $17.00 and brought us directly to Hotel Kabuki. The shuttle back was $13, so it might have been some sort of airport fee attached the first time. We were given room 1007 by a very friendly Daniel at the front desk. We were not given any information about the city at all, just when the gym was open. Our room was a corner room with a small balcony. It was very nice, the view was nice. The room was a decent size, but the bathroom was configured oddly, but maybe that’s how it’s done in Japan. There was one sink, full wall mirror, closeted toilet and a combination area with the deep soak tub and a shower alongside. The shower had just enough of pressure to make it ok. This area had a glass door and as such, no one else could use the sink area if you are taking a shower. I never used the deep soak tub on the trip. The clear door which was inches away from the wall mirror would have been better suited to a romantic room. Our balcony door had the pretty shutters which certainly led to having lots of natural light. We never did get the tea service that is advertised on the website, though there was a tea service in the room already. Not a deal breaker, but a bit of a downer. We also found that it was very easy to walk the city from Hotel Kabuki, but we are walkers, so everyone might not think so. We never did take public transportation anywhere, though one did take a cab back twice. All employees we encountered very nice and polite and I loved our doorman. He was exceptionally pleasant and helpful. But one did have to sort of force the front desk for help; there was always a smile, but, I think at times, it should have been provided not have to ask. The answers were always a little tnetative regarding the garage, so if you ahve a car, you may want to get definite conclusive answers. There is also a place by the lounge that you can pick up coffee for $3.00 in the morning, since there isn't alot of places in the immediate area.I really did not get a chance to explore the hotel itself, but the decor was very classic, neutral and calming. Also, this is a good hotel if you are seeing a show at The Fillmore as it is literally 3 blocks away.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice place to stay	Stayed here for 2 days while in town. Booked the room for about 80USD avg per night through travel ticker deal. This hotel is good value for money. Check in was easy and hotel staff were helpful and friendly. The room was clean and tidy, the hot tub was really nice. Its a little distance from the attractions. But a taxi ride will only cost you 7USD to get from here to chinatown area. If you need a shuttle to get to the airport, call the shuttle directly. The concierge charge another 6 dollars to help you arrange for the shuttle. A good place to stay.	
Jul 18 2009	Nice hotel location not great!	The hotel was clean and well furnished with good size rooms and friendly staff. The hotel is situated in Japan town which is a little outside the centre of the city. This may cause a problem if you are only there for a short time. The area appears to be safe and there are a local shops and supermarkets within easy reach.As San Francisco is very hilly, unless you are super fit you may find it a problem to walk form the hotel to fishermans wharf etc. We did it once and then got taxis for the rest of the time.Overall no complaints with the hotel apart from the location	
Jul 17 2009 	Hotel Kabuki pretty unpleasant.	The lobby was full of circling flies.Our hotel room was bizarrely constructed, so the toilet was in a TINY little alcove, and then the shower was in another room entirely. There was no fan, so the shower steam just settled on everything. As a result, the room got musty and stayed that way for the entire trip.The 'exercise room' is hardly that, with equipment from 1970 that hardly works. I think it used to be a conference room.Parking is a nightmare. If you have a car, stay somewhere else!The only semi-good things about this hotel are its proximity to Japan Town (it's IN it), the breakfast buffet (though it's expensive), and the beds. Otherwise, there's really nothing good to say about this hotel.	
Jul 17 2009 	One word: BEDBUGS	That says it all. Management claimed the room had been treated but the headboard was not removed, and the bugs lived there. I had over 200 bites.	
Jul 12 2009 	Meh	Average service. Rooms had interesting decor. Hotel bar ok. Would stay again if the price was right. Parking was expensive and difficult to find. Wasn't fantastic, but not bad either. Price rather expensive.	
Jul 11 2009 	Nice Hotel and Location	We really liked the Hotel Kabuki. We got a great rate and it was a great value. Parking was a concern for me in SF,but you could park next door in a covered lot with a direct elevator to the hotel for only $16 per night. We spent a full day sightseeing using the bus system and a cable car ride and there was a bus stop only a few hundred feet from the front door of the hotel. It was very convenient and we didn't have to worry about parking at the popular tourist spots. I liked the separated bathroom with the toilet, sink, and shower all in there own little rooms. Also, I walked three blocks down to the drugstore at 8PM and had no concerns about the neighborhood.	
Jul 8 2009 	Loved our stay here!	Our room was very clean! The beds were really comfy in my opinion with goose down pillows and the sheets were changed every day! Our room was on the 16th floor, which I really LOVED! The view was awesome at night and during the day. The flat screen TV was a nice bonus, too! The bathroom was very clean as well. The hotel was awesome in regards to keeping the noise level down. It felt like we were the only ones there. So quiet and peaceful; the Japanese style sliding doors that covered the glass doors that led to the balcony allowed for virtually no light to peak through so it was very dark at night and kept noise out of the room from outside. The neighborhood seemed very safe. Overall, we really liked this hotel. My two kids and husband enjoyed it just as much as me! I would definitely recommend this hotel again. Just don't pay their $35 a night parking for valet. There is a parking garage adjacent to the hotel for $16 a day, but you have to pay to go in and out. Just park along the street during the day and pay $16 overnight.	
Jul 7 2009 	Nice Location; Convenient; Some nice rooms but a little worn...	A relatively large hotel in a nice neighborhood in Japantown, conveniently connected to the Japantown plaza shopping mall, where there are plenty of good places to eat (Japanese &amp; Asian food, of course) and shop (excellent Japanese bookstore and other shops). The basic rooms, especially the double, are tight. Ours lacked any kind of dresser, which meant we lived out of our suitcases for 5 days; not the most comfortable situation. The Japanese baths (separate shower and deep soaking tub) are a nice touch, but it takes up a lot of room that would otherwise allow for more living space. The rooms in the low-rise section (junior suites, etc.) are much better, though the views are better in the tower. Parking at the shopping plaza is relatively cheap ($15/day) and convenient (direct access to the elevator, straight to your room). No in/out access, though. The finishes are worn, corners of furniture a bit beaten up, but the place is clean and service is fine (though not great). I'd stay there again, but would opt for a larger room.	
Jul 5 2009 	This place is fine for a single traveler	The hotel's appearance, from the outside,is fine. However, once in the room, it was on the small side with an oddly-configurated bathroom. The toilet room, single sink &quot;cove&quot; with little counter (for a double room), and combination Japanese tub and shower were cramped and all operated by a single light switch. One in our party had to rise early to attend a conference and, needless to say, the single light mechanism bothered the others who were trying to sleep. Did I mention there was no door separating the bath area from the double bed area? I don't know if the other rooms were similarly designed (we were on the top floor) but having no privacy on this trip was a problem. Plus, no hot tub, pool or sauna. The fitness areas was poor. Few places to sit in public places. Uncomfortable seating in the lobby. Not a good value for the cost. The view was nice.	
Jun 24 2009 	THE place to stay in SF	We did a lot of research before deciding to spend our 4nights in SF at Hotel Kabuki. In retrospect, this was a great choice!Value - great value with respect to other comparable hotels we had considered. This is a legitimate 3.5 hotel in my opinion, in a great part of the city. We got a great internet rate of $90/night for deluxe-view room, which was lower than any comparable hotels in Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square area, or Embarcadero. Plus, this hotel comes with free internet and in-room fridge; self-parking is only $15/day. Most Union Sqr and Wharf hotels charge $30-$50 parking per day. To boot, they upgraded us to Corner View Room for free!Room - our Corner View Room was on the 10th floor, and it was great. Very spacious room, nice comfy bed, nice bed linens, thick bath towels, clean carpet. As others have commented, the bathroom was magnificent. Separate shower and deep sunken tub next to each other. The tub is just great to soak in. The bath salt that they provide, though, is not that great. You can actually get the real Japanese hot spring bath salts (sold in packaged box) at the nearby store in Miyako Mall called Ichiban-Kan. Those are much better. The room does show some wear and tear in certain spots, but is overall well-kept. The biggest problem was that the free wireless internet had extremely spotty connection.Location - we were under the impression that Union Square or Fisherman's Wharf area might be the best locations in the city. But in hindsight Hotel Kabuki's location worked out the best. The Union Square area has a lot of brand-name stores and is convenient to the BART and to Chinatown, etc. But we were not in SF to check out brand-name stores, and there's a lot of homeless presence in that area. Fisherman's Wharf area is just too hectic and touristy. On the other hand, Hotel Kabuki is connected to Japantown malls which have loads of great Japanese shops and restaurants (recommend Sophie's Crepes for great crepes and gelatos, and Benihana or Mifune for lunch). You can enter the eastern end of Japantown mall directly from the hotel lobby and then walk across the malls out the western end and you'll be right in Fillmore District that has loads of cafes, eateries and shops lining Fillmore St... this is one of the coolest hangout streets in SF. 20minute walk north from the hotel will get you to Union St, another street filled with shops and cafes.Service - the free room upgrade was a major plus. On the down-side, there were many basic things that we had a hard time getting them to supply us with. Like the shampoo... they never gave us new shampoos, even after we ran out on the third night. Another time we needed plates but the front desk told us it'd be a while before we could get them because both the restaurant and the room-service were closed that day and every housekeeping staff was busy. Ended up taking over 30minutes to get a plate and nearly as long to get the extra shampoo. I don't know if the place is short-handed or what. Housekeeping's pretty good overall, but a little bit quirky... like not supplying new shampoos at all and one day giving us less number of towels. But all in all, these were not major issues.	
Jun 23 2009 	Nice Place to Stay in Japantown	Stayed here for a week while my daughter was at UCSF. The location was fine since we wanted a place not too far from the hospital. We were in a view room with 2 doubles on the 11th floor. The room was quiet, couldn't even hear the ipod playing loudly next door until I went into the hallway. Everything was clean and the bathroom was spacious. Liked the separate shower and tub, and plenty of hot water. The beds were comfortable, although 2 Queen size would have been better. My daughter enjoyed the free wireless internet so she could &quot;stay connected&quot; while on our trip. I did think it was strange though that there was a shared balcony with the room next door. Would think that might be a security risk.One complaint I have is with the parking. Almost $40/night to have &quot;valet&quot; parking service, which means they park your car in their parking lot right by the front door. Or you can park it yourself in their lot and still pay the $40. On the last night when the lot was full we found out about the alternate underground parking garage which was only $15 for overnight and we could take the elevator from the garage straight up to the 11th floor! A much better bargain and just as convenient.	
Jun 22 2009 	Comfortable and welcoming	We stayed at this hotel during our visit as our first time in San Fran. It was a very good thing we made it as our first hotel of our 6 day trip, as we had day trips planned elsewhere. We did stay here for 2 nights.We loved everything about Hotel Kabuki, regardless of the fact that our bed, which of course happened to be Sleep Number bed. We booked with one of the King Kabuki Rooms, and we don't regret it one bit! Our bed had one small problem on the right side, it didn't even work properly when using the controller. Another problem we had was we were unable to soak in the &quot;deep tub&quot; everyone has been raving about. (wish it worked for us, though) It would of been nice, since we did walked all day and put many miles walking down those steep hills! When it got time for bath, the knob on the faucet came loose and fell out! Whoops. We were unable to get it to work at this point and did not want to be bother from the staff about this minor issue. So there goes our bath! However the shower head was amazing and that did it for the time being. The rooms were bright and cleaned everyday. Breakfast was offered at the end of the lounge areas, and was awesome to see each morning!If you're wondering about the staff there, everyone is very pleasant. They all treat you as guest, and willing to accomodate any request you have. Even going as far as flagging a cab car for you. (we haven't done this too much, as we come from the midwest!) They are all wonderful people at this hotel. Really, you couldn't wished for any more patient people to be in this hotel than the people who are in it serving you.We did not eat in the dinning area here because it seems kind of spendy, but what do you expect, it's a restaurant inside the hotel. Otherwise there are many other food choices along the street. Lots of cheap and very good sushi in that area.You won't regret your stay here. All the staff will amaze you. A quick cab ride to Union Square will cost you about $7. From there you can walk to many sights, and sees!	
Jun 21 2009 	Neat Hotel - Worth a visit	We stayed 2 nights at the hotel. The room was nice, it was on the 6th floor and we would have preferred a higher level floor because our view was directly into someone's apartment whenever we went onto the small balcony. I thought the value was great for the price and would definately stay at Kabuki in the future. Our flight left at 5 a.m. and we had a rental car, we parked the car on the street in front of the hotel the night before we left because the gararge closed sometime after midnight and doesn't open until 6 a.m. The meters are free after 6 p.m. The staff at the hotel was professional and not rude in any way. When we arrived in the room, the heat was not working, we called and someone came to repair the system immediatley. I am a black female and did not feel as though I was treated unfairly at any time. I can't say what would have happen if we had asked for a different room. Since we had spent 3 days in wine country and had a great time not very much mattered. We used the bus system while at the hotel even though we had a car in the garage. The staff was very knowledgeable and always gave us great directions along with a map and/or the bus numbers to our destination.	
Jun 9 2009	Quiet Elegance	This is my 2nd stay at Hotel Kabuki. Tower rooms are beautifully decorated, beds extremely comfy and I always enjoy the Japanese-style soaking tubs. Staff is always helpful and courteous. This is the place to be to relax after a long day of sightseeing or business, away from the hustle/bustle of the Financial District. Located in Japantown, many awesome restaurants nearby.	
Jun 7 2009 	Kabuki is excellent	I love the Kabuki. It's Japantown location is wonderfully tranquil and allows for plenty of low-key walking-distance eating and activities. It is beginning to recapture the feel of its glory days (when it was the Miyako Hotel).	
May 17 2009 	A Relaxing Stay	My husband and I stayed here for five night for Anniversary in April and could not have been happier! We stayed in a corner king room with a wrap around balcony and great views of the city. The bed was very comfortable, the bathroom large and the deep tub was perfect after long days of walking.We never heard the traffic from outside or from our neighbors. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful with recommendations for places to eat in any price range. The breakfast at the hotel was high but good. The free wi-fi was fast and never crashed. I used it often. The tea service was prompt and fun. The room service was prompt and the burger great. The prices were high, but what room service isn't? The Kabuki is centrally located in SF and it doesn't take more than 10 min to get to any part of the city. While Japan town is small what you do get is a friendly neighborhood and you can see a slice of everyday life with good food away from the bustling tourist hordes and easy access to public transportation which we took.The hotel courtyard was a Japanese Garden and was connected to the mall. While the portion of the mall the hotel is connected to is small if you cross the courtyard with the pagoda the rest of the mall is large with many interesting shops. We will definitely be back!!	
May 17 2009 	Great Location Cozy Hotel Nice Price!	My husband and I loved our recent stay at the Hotel Kabuki. The neighborhood was perfect; I was initially afraid that it would be too quiet, but it was lovely. Japantown was interesting, and the excellent shopping and restaurants on Fillmore were a short walk away. While some of the shared spaces in Hotel Kabuki are starting to show their age (elevators &amp; hallways,) our room (a deluxe corner king) was very clean, bright, spacious, and inviting. The bed was amazingly comfortable. And the soaking tub... ah! Fabulous! We had no problems whatsoever with the service and will gladly be staying here on future trips to San Francisco. Great rate through Travelzoo.	
May 12 2009 	nice hotel for the price safe location	MY boyfriend is from Texas and had been wanting to go to San Francisco for a while, so I was watching travelzoo for good prices on hotels in San Francisco. The Hotel Kabuki came up for $75/night, so I checked out reviews on tripadvisor and decided to go for it. The price seriously can't be beat in the city. We were able to park in the valet lot in front of the hotel to check in and decided not to pay the extra money for valet parking. I had read that the downstairs parking does not have in and out priveleges and that the lot closes from like 2:30-5am or something. I must say that during checkin, I did see a sign clearly posted on the counter that noted the $50 fee for checking out during those hours if using the self parking. We had to drive about half a block to get to the parking lot, however it stretched underground from Benihana to the hotel elevators, so I did not find it necessary to unpack in the valet parking because we parked right by the hotel elevator. The neighborhood seemed clean and safe, and I did not experience the issue with noise that I had read about from other people. The city can be a noisy place, I don't think it's anything the hotel could have helped in those situations. I had signed up for the loyalty club before our visit and they gave us a view upgrade which was the 13th floor. The balcony is narrow, but perfect for viewing the city. I loved the soaking tub, and we went to Lush in union square and got some bath goodies for it. I noticed that a few people had mentioned rude staff in their reviews, but we had not one bad thing to say about the staff. They seemed friendly and helpful. In fact, one of the girls at the desk spent about 10 minutes with us discussing the different types of public transportation, how much they cost and how to get there. We will definitely be going back!	
May 11 2009 	Could have been more friendly would have been ok	My boyfriend and I found the staff at the kubuki to be rude. From the moment we came in to each time we had to go in and out. We had called to make our reservation earlier to find out if it would be ok to bring our large very mellow dog. Of course the lady we spoke to said it would be no problem as long as our dog was behaved. We even called back just before heading to the city to confirm everything was fine. Of course, the person on the phone said no problem. When we arrived they acted as if we were trying to pull something over on them and made us feel completely unwelcome. After we finally got checked in with much grumbling and whispering behind the counter, we wanted to quickly unload the car before taking the car to the garage. Because we didn't want valet parking they wouldn't let us use the cart to move our luggage until we begged.The room was ok. Obviously covering up a crappier room that once existed. The advertised balcony only had enough room for one person to stand and no one to pass behind them.The best part and saving grace of the place for the bathroom. It rocked. Deep tub and shower room and nice vanity area.Bed was really comfortable and the room was large.We purchased a food package to eat at the restaurant with our room. Food was excellent, if a little over priced. They didn't credit our bill at first at check out and we had to go back and asked for it to be re-done. Same deal with the luggage cart, except this time my boyfriend let the guy know what he thought about that...	
May 10 2009 	great value great neighborhood	got a great price online. rooms are large, comfortable, nice sheets, rooms a little worn, but nice soaking tub in room. very good, understated service. i love the neighborhood-japan town bordering on pacific heights-peaceful streets, some of san francisco's best restaurants within a 1 block radius (Kiss Seafood and Quince), Fillmore Street just a few blocks away for breakfast, shopping, restaurants. As cabs are hard to find in SF, this place is great as it puts you at the foot of one of SF's bes,t non-touristy neighborhoods (i used to live in the neighborhood here so it is especially welcome to me).	
May 10 2009 	Okay	I'd read a review here that an African American woman traveling alone posted a few months ago. I've had similar experiences, but I didn't want to let her negative experience influence me. Sure enough, we were initially given a crappy room. But I must say that after the room was changed( that took some doing), our stay was okay. The location is great. lots of great restaurants in the area ( try 1300 on Fillmore). Just a six dollar cab ride to downtown. The club rooms are spacious. Although they do need some upgrades. The continental breakfast was just enough to hold us over 'til lunch. Overall it was what I expected for about a hundred bucks a night in San Francisco.	
Apr 27 2009 	Beware!	The actual hotel is okay. It's average, but beware. My flight left at 6AM, so I had to leave the hotel around 4AM. When I tried to leave and to go the airport, the self parking garage they told me to park in was closed. They said if I want to get my car I needed to pay my regular parking fee PLUS AN EXTRA $50. I knew nothing about this but then the guy at the front desk pointed out a little piece of paper they had it written on. So, they extorted $50 out of me and wouldn't even let me put it on a credit card. They made me pay the security guard $50 cash to open the garage gate.	
Apr 23 2009 	Wonderful with extras	They got it right when doing this hotel. It has wonderful little extras, from a soaking tub in your bathroom, to a tea pot in the room to a balcony with views. The front door staff and front desk staff are friendly and helpful. In the spotless room is a safe, a large closet, walk in bathroom, seperate toilet. Two showers even, and mine was a standard room.There is a Japanese garden with a pond. Quite business center. The room had 2 beds and were very comfortable. They provide the bath salts, more if you want them. Soaked after a long day, and felt ready to go out for the nightlife. Across the street are a lot of choices for eating. 50yrds from 3 buslines. Parking $15 garage connected to the hotel.We paid $84, which was a great deal.	
Apr 21 2009 	Tub good noise bad	I'm sitting in my room as I write this. The room is great, the tub is great, the bed is great. Unlimited HOT water. My neighbor must have croup or emphysema or something and he apparently likes to close out the bar. The street noise is horrible. Sirens, banging, people without mufflers, motorcycles racing - till about midnight every night. So I'm here for an educational seminar and not getting sleep is ruining the experience. If you are a heavy sleeper - go for it! Maybe if I were on a floor higher up I would be o.k..	
Apr 20 2009 	A nice place to stay...	My hubby and I stayed at the Kabuki as we wanted to reconnect with Japantown, a place with fond memories of long ago. It did not disappoint. We were very happy with our overall stay. We came in early and they were able to let us into our room, a corner king with a wonderful view. The room was wonderful. Very spacious, great bed and great tub and bathing area. Nice oriental decor, but not too overwheleming. We brought our kids in the next day and the staff was very accommodating (they were great all around) and even provided us with a crib. The room was spacious enough for the two kids (both under 4) and they loved the bath! Being at Japantown was nice because there was so much to see and do. We were even able to visit the Fillmore which was just blocks away. One thing that would have been nice was a coffee maker in the room. Without that an a nearby coffee shop, we resorted to room service which isn't always cheap, but the coffee was good. Also, there's no &quot;welcome tea service&quot; as mentioned on the their (JDV) website. There is a kettle and a tea pot in the room, but there was nothing Asian about the tea selection - orange and cranberry (?). Also, the hotel gives you a spa-like feel with the nice bath and the nearby spa, but don't expect spa-like amenities like good bath products or luxurious towels, although the robes were very nice.Internet access worked fine in the room and parking was convenient in the Japantown center garage ($15/day).Overall, it really was a nice place to stay and we'd definitely go back again.	
Apr 13 2009 	Spacious rooms	I had stayed here once before when it was the Radisson Miyako and while the name has changed to Kabuki, not much has changed.The king bed room was very spacious and had a balcony that was shared with the room next door. It's mainly a balcony for the view as you only have standing room, but the view sure was nice. The room felt a bit old and new at the same time.The bed was awesome. The work desk and chair are great for those of us who have to spend most of our time working in a hotel room. The room feels nice enough and it's spacious, that staying there is fine and the minibar is stack full of tasy bags of chips, candy etc, good stuff. There is a small desk and a couch as well. The room also a has a small closet space for clothes and a safe, but it has very little vertical space to hang your pants and shirts which was a bit annoying.The bathroom is split into a toilet and then the awesome japanese bath. The bath itself is huge and there's all kinds of different bath salts to try out. It certainly is a great place to relax and the best part of the Kabuki experience. The toiletries are nice and the whole bathroom feels nice and homely and not so state of the art and fashionable that it gets uncomfortable. There's enough space for your own toiletries etc as well.The bar in the lobby is the usual hotel bar. The breakfast room was basic and the food was mostly comprised of the usual american breakfast, which was allright, but nothing special.The location is awesome if you want to be in Japantown right next to some great restaurants and Fillmore isn't that far, but for a downtown San Francisco experience, it's quite a walk down to Union Square (about 18-20 minutes), but cabs are cheap. Still, the location feels nicer than downtown with no homeless people roaming around, but if you want to step out of the hotel and get your Starbucks/fast food/shopping fix, this is too far.	
Apr 12 2009 	Great hotel great location... awesome rooms!	We received a room upgrade and we ended up in a king corner room with soaking tub... gorgeous, The room was so spacious and the views out of the window were nice although do not chose your room because of the balcony or the views (both are something you can live without)The bathroom and bath tub were Excellent and they provided all that was needed for a great bathing experience. The check in complimentary tea was a nice touch.The wifi access is patchy to say the least, when I asked the concierge they said it was the provider and they could do nothing about it but well it does the trick for some quick internet checks.The Kabuki springs and Spa (for which you have access when you book through their website) is nice and the massages are so good but the place is quite openly gay so... be prepared to see some funny things going on... this is SF!!The room was not cleaned one day and when we came back and asked for the reason we were told it was probably because the do not disturb sign was on the door (not the case). The maids leave before 6 so... we had to do the room ourselves although they brought fresh towels and all the rest.The concierge and the rest of the staff were great providing directions, change, services, etc.The O Izakaya restaurant serves delicious food.The hotel is nicely connectec to Union Sq by buses number 2, 3 and 4 (I think) and also with the 38 coming back from Union Sq. Bus 22 goes down to the Castro and the stop is 2 blocks away.All in all the place was much more than we thought it would be and it is something we totally recommend	
Apr 6 2009 	I wanted to like it but..	I choose this hotel because the location is great, near Fillmore and not too far from Haight. I know it would be noisy but I am used to that so it didn't bother me. I was given a big king room which was very comfortable but my first two nights were ruined by the horrifically inconsiderate couple who screamed and swore at each other whilst their little kids cried. I managed to at least be given a new room to sleep in and thankfully the couple left to whatever horrible life they had created for themselves eleswhere. It would have been nice if the hotel had cleaned the dirty diapers that they left outside their room for the time they spent there. The rest of the stay was ok except the TV reception stopped working and I was given a half hearted &quot;nothing we can do sir it's the win' response. I gave up trying to get it fixed. The internet service was really patchy perhaps because the band width is not enough for all the people staying in the hotel. Frustrating when you are trying to use it for business. One day it stopped working altogether The restaurant is now closed Monday and Tuesday which is a pain but there are plenty of restaurants in the area. It is also not open for lunch. However when I ate there I thought the food was very good and the staff were very pleasant. The other staff at the hotel were a mixed bag of very helpful and surly and useless. I think they need to work on this very quickly. All in all an average hotel which was needs to sharpen up it's service. I am not sure I would stay there again as I was frustrated by the TV and internet which mayt be very petty but staying at a place for two weeks on business it is good to be able to relax in your room and just watch some TV some nights.	
Apr 6 2009 	A Native San Franciscan gives thumbs Up!	My husband and I live now in SO.Cal and we took our two young children, a 3 yr old and 10 month old up to SF. Knowing SF the way I do, I like to stay centrally located, where we're close to great restaurants, neighborhoods, shopping, museums and parks. I prefer not to stay where it's touristy. The location of this hotel is perfect because it gives you direct access to beautiful neighborhoods where the best restaurants are always hidden, and you're just a quick cab ride to the theatre district and downtown. When you arrive at the hotel the staff is extremely hospitable, the check in is quick and easy. The rooms are clean, neat and not cluttered. We stayed in a suite and my kids were able to play; my older son had room to do his puzzles, play and read. My baby could crawl around and not get hurt. It was perfect. The bed was literally one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on. I give this hotel a 5 star rating! We will most definitely be returning again.	
Apr 6 2009 	You had me at soaking tub.	My husband and I spent 4 days in San Francisco, just to get away. When I heard about the traditional Japanese baths, I was sold. Hotel Kabuki did not disappoint. The room was lovely, sumptuous linens, beautiful views of the city, and that tub! I'm still pining over it. The doorman helped us arrange a rental car for our day trip to Muir Woods, the front desk was courteous, and the cleaning crew kept our room in tip-top shape.We had snacks and cocktails at O Izakaya Lounge which were very yummy. The prices were consistent with a hotel restaurant, but the menu had some nice variety. We found some tasty (and more affordable) food in the nearby Japan Center. There's hardly a shortage of great food in San Francisco so go, explore, eat!	
Mar 26 2009 	Some good some bad ...	My college-aged daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Kabuki from Friday, March 13th through Tuesday, March 17th. There were some very good things but some not so good things about this hotel. Good things first: we arrived into SFO early and were allowed to check in prior to noon. Very nice. The room was lovely - plenty of room, two very comfortable beds, nice amenities including comfy robes (nice touch!). Bads: extremely loud street noise!! The location is perfect, but we were right on the corner overlooking Geary and all day and all night we could hear the street traffic. The wireless internet, while free (good), was terribly slow, when we could even get a connection (extremely frustrating for a college kid who is addicted to Facebook and wanted to post daily updates). Also, for staying at the hotel for four nights, it was odd that there was not a dresser in the room. There was no place to unpack our suitcases. We had a $10 credit each day for the restaurant. We used it one day for continential breakfast - the danish were probably a day too old but the fresh fruit was great. The mini bar (nice touch) had two bags of chips that were past their freshness date. All in all, it was a very nice place to stay, just alittle more attention to detail and maybe some sort of noise cancelling option for the street noise (a white noise machine, maybe). Thanks, though, the staff couldn't be more gracious and we did have a lovely time.	
Mar 25 2009 	Not quite like the Miyako but still good...	Hotel Kabuki, formerly the Miyako Hotel, has reinvented itself as part of the JDV hotel group. While not quite what it used to be if you are looking for old school japanese style (like the Japanese breakfasts you could get at the restaurant), it remains a good place, especially if you like the quiet and pedestrian friendly environs of Japantown	
Mar 25 2009 	Wonderful San Francisco hotel.	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Kabuki with our two sons (in their early twenties) in an adjacent room. The rooms were clean, attractive and comfortable, and joined only by an external balcony - a perfect arrangement for us. The hotel's decor is definitely Japanese, but not overdone, and my wife found the room's soaking tub just the thing after a day of walking up and down San Francisco's hills. The view from our room was excellent.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great hotel great location very cool!	We got a great deal on this hotel so we decided to try it out. It was a good size room for the price we paid (under $100) especially for San Francisco. It is in the heart of Japantown, which was amazing and most things were in walking distance (Fishermans warf was about 3 miles, which was the furthest thing we saw).The beds were super comfortable...white, soft bedding with 4 pillows on each bed. The bath soaps and shampoos were high quality, and the rooms were very clean. There were 2 robes in our room that matched the Japanese decor.We didn't try the breakfast but it was available. The room service was based on Japanese cuisine but they also had some American food. The bathroom of the hotel was my favorite part, because it was so unique. It is a little strange, but really clean and nice (it had a traditional Japanese soaking tub in a steam room).As far as parking goes, from what i've seen its very reasonable if you self park at the Japantown mall garage. It has a special entrance elevator that takes you directly to your floor or to the lobby. Its $15 per day versus $35 valet per day.Its great to be able to stay in the middle of San Francisco and not have to hear all the noise of the streets too. Free Wi-Fi too!!! We all slept very well and we will definitely come back.	
Mar 12 2009 	Good value	I loved the asian design but it was expected for staying in Japantown. The room was comfortable and clean. Not quite as spacious as I expected but certainly on par with other hotels. We did have a corner until with a balcony (hehe) which was about a foot and a half deep but did allow me to walk around and look out over the city. The location of the hotel was great...it's actually connected to the mall which is a giant food court. Please note that everything opens at 11ish and closes pretty early. This includes the hotel's restaurant and room service. The bedding was comfortable but I thought the TV was oddly placed across the room on the desk which cut a good amount of work space out.The bathroom was nice with a large tub and a separate shower enclosed in one area. I was a bit uncomfortable that the door to the toilet had wooden louvers and the bathroom door was shoji....not much privacy if you intend to have guest sitting right outside the door watching tv.The front desk personnel were ok but when I asked for a place for late night eating...I was referred to the bellman instead. He was exceptionally helpful.Taxi costs from the hotel to the Ferry building then from Chinatown back is about $9 each way. oh yeah...parking is outrageous $35 a night so don't bring a vehicle if you don't have to.	
Mar 6 2009 	Nice Rooms and Atmosphere Great Location	Enjoyed the authentic Japanese Bath in the room and proximity to city centre. Free wifi that actually worked :)	
Mar 3 2009 	Liked the atmosphere and immediate neighborhood	A see-saw experience. First room I was given was tiny, next to a service elevator, and across from the housekeepers' supply closet. Noise began early. Elevator cables whining and grinding, etc. Spoke with manager and was offered choice of two other rooms. Moved to a much nicer room for same price. After moving to new room asked doorman for a taxi. He pointed me to a black car - - no taxi light on top. I climbed in and looked for a meter. Driver said price was $20 to my destination. I said that as tourist I had no way to know if that was reasonable; price went down to $15. I got out. Driver and doorman became quite unpleasant. I went to desk and spoke to manager who showed me the taxi stand nearby. Fare was $8. Quite the town car tourist trap. Target on my back?The night doorman on duty when I had to get the airport shuttle at 6 AM was very pleasant and helpful.Local Japanese malls and shops are interesting and some very good restaurants. Free internet in room. Nice tea service. Note: as an older black woman traveling alone, I have had decades of having to request a better room after first being given the worst in the house; it has almost become a routine. Wish some hotels would surprise me.	
Mar 2 2009 	Enjoyable neighborhood and comfortable hotel	We stayed at the Kabuki February 2009 for 5 days. We found the people friendly and helpful and the location great for us, as we love Japanese food, sampling the local restaurants and exploring the local markets. It's located next to the Japan Centre, full of great shops and restaurants in several buildings. We got a nice Internet Special deal, which made the price within a reasonable range. The Filmore district, with tons of jazz clubs, is only a few blocks away, and there is a bus that goes to Union Sq nearby. The Filmore farmers market (walk past the Japan Centre, make a left on Filmore and walk 2 or 3 blocks) is in a lovely outdoor venue on Saturdays with an excellent jazz band playing, a great place to spend a few hours on a pretty Saturday. (Great produce vendors where you can pick up some fruit--Don't miss the Afghani food vendor--you will want to have some of their stuffed bread and sauces for lunch). There is a Starbucks there as well...2 snags on the room: Wireless is an extra charge, and no simple breakfast options for early risers: The hotel's buffet is expensive--even what they call &quot;continental&quot; breakfast, and there is no provision for just getting coffee and a roll or something. The Japan Centre eateries don't open before 10:30, even the deli and crepe place. There is an electric kettle and cups, and a japanese teapot and cups in the room, but no coffee maker and no tea supplies--we had to buy some at the market ourselves. One day we had toast and coffee sent up to the room, and Saturday we ate pastries at the Farmer's Market &amp; got coffee at Starbucks there. We did find a kind of dodgy place a couple of blocks away finally, and had breakfast there--the only customers in the place. That cup of coffee or tea in the morning is important to us!If a visitor wants to see all the major sights, etc., maybe there are more convenient places; we are an older couple with children in the area who take us to events and the parks, though, so we really loved the neighborhood.	
Feb 28 2009 	a fantastic experience	When we arrived tired after a 15 hour journey from Scotland the staff from the doormen to the receptionists made us so welcome. They upgrade us to a queen size deluxe room with corner balcony with amazing views over San Francisco.The location is perfect for both Japan town and Fillmore street, which is a superb place for eating and drinking.We headed for Peru and were coming back to the hotel after 12 days and the hotel was more than happy to keep luggage for us.The only downside I would say is the cost of the breakfast but there is a fantastic wee place in the Japan centre that does a great brekkie.all in all a most enjoyable stay and we would go back there in a minute.	
Feb 28 2009 	Awesome beds and rooms!	Self-park at the Japantown Parking Garage, just down the hill from H. Kabuki and save $20 on parking. The soaking tub and welcoming tea service were high-end amenities at affordable SF rates! Our new favorite place.	
Feb 11 2009 	Jewel in JTown for foodies	I stayed 3 nights in mid January at the Kabuki, a very reasonably priced convenient launch pad to local Japanese restaurants and meeting point with old friends. My room was in Garden wing; did not eat at the hotel breakfast buffet; there are many great joints on Fillmore, 5 minutes away (including a terrific crepe restaurant). Room is &quot;somewhat&quot; renovated, very decent size. Was looking forward to using the Japanese bath at the Kabuki Spa nearby, but unfortunately, were told water temperature was not high enough to open. The great attraction of the Kabuki for me is that it is adjacent to the JTown Center, where there is a very large number of small Japanese restaurants of all stripes: this s a bit of heaven! JTown itself is a bit uneven but the hotel is a short 5 minute walk to the middle of Pacific Heights. There are also convenient Japanese grocery stores very close by. The Kabuki (in terms of location, quality) is comparable to, but the Kyoto (old New Otani) in LA's LIttle Tokyo, but in my opinion, just a bit fresher.	
Feb 9 2009 	Reasonable but disappointing	The room was decent and had been recently renovated to about 80%. The amenities are mostly absent. The fitness room is joke and the &quot;Kabuki Spa&quot; is actually blocks away. The place is in the middle of nowhere, the nearest point of interest is over a 1 1/2 miles away. Add at least $30 a day for cabs. Don't bother if you drive, the parking is always full. Even the closest decent breakfast place (the buffet is not even close to standard) is a mere 12 blocks, which makes for a nice, brisk morning walk.Don't order room service unless you want to get ripped off. A item of $14 dollars arrived with a bill of $24 by the time they added various suspect charges. There is a cool tea set in the room but no coffee.The price wasn't too bad for an off-season rate in San Francisco @ $140/night for deluxe room. The building engineer, housekeeping and some of the doormen are friendly but the rest of the staff is ice cold.	
Feb 8 2009 	Delightful!	My daughter is studying Japanese, and for her 16th birthday we wanted to do something special. We booked a night at the Kabuki, and got a great rate for a deluxe double/double for her and 3 friends, and a corner king for my husband and me. Both rooms were very attractively furnished, elicited &quot;wow&quot; from all. Our corner king was great, lots of room, enjoyed relaxing on the chaise lounge looking at the view while husband snored away. Bathrooms were also lovely. We've traveled in Japan, so it was fun to have the Japanese style shower/bath. Service at front desk was very good, room service fine, dinner downstairs at O Izakaya was good enough, girls loved the coconut mochi dessert. It's a great location for walking around Japantown or Fillmore (lower Pacific Heights), catching a movie at the Sundance Kabuki Theatre or at the AMC on Van Ness. We had a great meal at Maki in Japantown, pleasant breakfast at the Majestic Cafe, and then dropped the girls off on Haight Street. It's a quick bus, drive or cab ride to downtown. We parked the car in the garage for a few hours but then on the street for free Sat and Sunday. The only downside? Sound insulation wasn't fabulous - we were on one of the top floors but could hear traffic and could also hear people in the room next door. But all in all, a great place, love the Joie de Vivre hotels, and would highly recommend this to anyone.	
Jan 28 2009 	An Aussie in Japan Town	This was our first visit to San Francisco and we selected the Kabuki on the reviews and offer on the net. Overall the Kabuki offers good value and reasonable accomodations. We booked a renovated room with king bed and like other reviewers have noted the rooms are getting a little tired with worn carpet and wall paper, though beds and furniture are all newish and comfortable. The hotel resturant/bar &quot;Izakaya Lounge&quot; was excellent with friendly an attentive staff and good quality Japaness style food at reasonable prices. The Hotel breakfast was the usual choice of &quot;Continetal or American cooked breakfast&quot; and was appetising and reasonably priced. The one problem that we encountered was noise, the hotel is not adequatley insulated from street noise (we were on the sixth floor)and internal noise insulation between rooms is also poor. Unfortunatley this alone would effect our decision to stay at the Kabuki again, though younger travellers or night owls would probably not mind this but after a long flight and being jetlagged we did.	
Jan 5 2009	Understated well thought-out loved it	My husband and I stayed in a corner king room on Christmas day, and left the car parked in the Japan Town Center lot. Recommended by a friend, and I loved it! Nice designs, simple, understated, but well-thought out. Nice touches: shoji screens in front of sliding glass doors offer privacy, daylighting, and insulation. Way nicer than the typical blackout curtains. Cool wood block print panels decorate the walls. Electric kettle and tea pot in the room. Japanese soaking tub was fantastic.They covered all the things that irritate me about other hotels and the lions-share of American buildings. Little things that I loved: the coat / shoe closet is by the front door; the toilet is separate from the shower and sink; the toilet is mounted on the wall (sans the grody caulking on the floor); there is a drain in the floor of the bath area.If you want something &quot;luxurious&quot;, or gigantic this probably isn't the spot for you. But if you want a central location, like going to Japanese shops, and appreciate something different at a fair price, Kabuki is the way to go. I'd say a Marriott is to Kabuki, like a Lincoln Navigator is to a Prius. I dig the Prius, and I loved Kabuki.	
Dec 18 2008 	Nice for something a bit different	Clean, small room. Restaurant downstairs was overpriced and doesn't fit with the theme of the place. They charged me for some charitable donation on my bill without asking me. Otherwise a decent place with some good restaurants nearby.	
Dec 17 2008	Excellent Value	We stayed at Hotel Kabuki for two nights in the cold of winter for $89 per night which was fantastic value. The room was warm and immaculately clean, with a nice bathroom. The bed was very comfortable, with soft, cosy linen. The staff were helpful. We had a car and parked it in the associated car park for $15 for 24 hours and chose to walk around instead. The hotel is approximately 25 minutes walk to Union square, which we didn't mind at all. If you don't fancy the walk, bus 38 runs along Geary street behind the hotel. Japanese food near the hotel was fantastic. If you don't mind the location, we would highly recommend this hotel for cleanliness and great value.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Hotel Stellar Service!	We stayed at Kabuki last month for my birthday weekend in S.F. It was our second stay there, and will probably not be our last. We found it the first time 2 years ago (then Miyako) because of it's low rate and relative closeness to the things we like but far enough away from the tourist traps that we like to visit but don't want to be stuck in. The rates were a little higher this time around (still cheaper than many comparable hotels we found) but then I got an email that said buy 2 nights get a 3rd free, we figured what the heck and made a long weekend out of it.We love staying in Japantown, it's so much quieter than Union Square yet it's still close enough to take a 5 minute cab ride, or 30 minute walk. The rooms are fantastic, great views from almost any room. Sunken soaking tubs, newer tv's, and free internet! There's plenty of restaurants to choose from nearby--and in the hotel, though we didn't try it the breakfast sounded amazing, we were just on a tight budget and it wasn't the &quot;cheapest&quot; you could find--and great shopping in the Miyako mall.BUT, the best part was the service. The front desk crew was very nice and the doormen would always greet you with a smile. And to top it off, I left a personalized frame I brought with me that my sister gave me, we were in town for a show and the frame held a picture of us with this comedian we were there to see and was personalized with a quote from him so I wanted him to sign it. I left it behind with my ticket stub and remembered it hours after we left. I called and they found it right away and proceeded to FedEx it to me. And they were all so helpful every step of the way, I called more than once. They even carefully wrapped each part of my frame in bubble wrap--it's two separate pieces of glass that sit in a personalized silver frame, all very fragile--and then wrapped it up tightly in a towel. I was very pleased that they took such good care of something that was obviously important to me and couldn't be replaced. I've experienced similar situations at other hotels that didn't even bother to look for my items--albeit much less important items but still.And did I mention the Garden!!! It's truly a beautiful hotel, if you're looking for something off the beaten path and enjoy Japanese food and culture than I would highly recommend Kabuki.	
Nov 25 2008 	Eh!	I think it helps to know who writes these reviews, so here is some basic information: My husband and I are in our mid - late 30's. We like HIlton, Marriott-type of hotels and also like to splurge on hotels and nice B&amp;B's when given a chance. Here's the review:It was fine. It seemed like a converted Holiday Inn. The shower was great, there were robes in the room, which we love. However, our toilet ran the entire time, we were promised a complimentary tea service that didn't come both times we ordered it and a dirty food tray from our next door neighbors sat outside our room for at least 36 hours before being picked up. All the customer service people always seemed overwhelmed.We wanted to park in the lot associated with the hotel, but it was full both times we tried. So, we parked in a garage the hotel recommended and was attached to the hotel. Nothing went right with it - the automatic payment machines didn't work. And, then we were told the garage opened at 6:00 a.m. on Sunday (we had to leave at exactly 6:00, probably a little earlier to return a rental car and make a flight). As we were making our way to the garage, a hotel guard told us the garage wasn't open till 7:00 and that we would have to pay him $50/cash to open the gates. We kept pushing back because it sounded fishy and then we asked someone at the front desk who told us the garage opened at 6:00. We went to the garage and waited for someone to open the gate and they said the garage didn't open till 6:15. We begged him to open the doors early and let us out because we were already late for flight - thank goodness he did.I would not return to this hotel and would have given a lower rating, but for $109/night in San Francisco, it was o.k. with us.	
Nov 22 2008 	Great Location 	Conveniently located on Geary Street, we enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Hotel Kabuki. The hotel is recently renovated, and its minimalist Japanese architecture and furniture actually worked exceptionally well for us as we were traveling with our two toddler sons. After being couped up in an airplane or our rented car our sons loved the wide open spaces in our two room suite. From the moment we arrived, the staff was very attentive to our needs. The valet parking our car asked me my name only once, and from that point for our entire four night stay we were greeted warmly by name every time we arrived or left. The hotel operator cheerfully handled our three year repeatedly calling her (to our horror!) The rooms were clean, and the queen sized bed we had was one of the most comfortable hotel beds we have ever slept in. The Kabuki is nicely located close enough to all the major sites in San Francisco, with exceptionally convenient access to the highway as well.All in all we were very satisfied with our stay, and look forward to visiting again.	
Nov 18 2008 	Love that soaking tub	Great neighborhood, great concept and great service at the Kabuki. We had a corner king room with a soaking tub and separate shower. The room is huge with two large sliding doors with sliding japanese screens and sliding covers, so privacy and quiet from street noise is excellent. Many nice touches, tea set, wall insets, divan, robes, etc.Granted the furnishings aren't the newest and the sliding door did not close all the way, but this in no way lessened our enjoyment. Not every single thing has to be brand new to work well. That said, new flat screen TV was excellent with free internet provided as well. Elevators came instantly and pleasant shopping abounds in surrounding Japantown. You can usually find overnight parking for free on the street if you wake by 9 or you can park in an adjacent garage for $15.00 per night. Full valet parking is $35.00 per day if you are a high roller.Don't forget to ask for a room on a higher floor to enjoy excellent views. One problem though, in asking for directions I mispronounced the hotel name as &quot;Bukaki&quot; and was met with guffaws for some unknown reason.	
Nov 14 2008 	Hotel Kabuki a modern theatrical opera	The Hotel Kabuki is reminiscent of a Japanese theatre.On the surface it has all of the glam of a modern theatrical opera, but once you stay awhile you realize it's an opera that's seen its hey day. 1) The so-called newly-renovated guestrooms look like they were renovated in the late 80s -early 90s. You should see the huge stereo t.v. in the club lounge. It definitely will not work when digital t.v. comes to town. Also, the fitness center needs an upgrade.2) There is false advertisement on the hotel brochure-The courtesy shuttle is not always reliable. -the 24 hr. business ctr. has an inoperable printer,so don't count on using it! In fact, count on being chargedextra to use it. (long story...)-the complimentary wine (sake) hour doesn't exist, sobuy your own wine elsewhere.On the flip side, the hotel is quiet and has somecharms like the Sjoji window screens, traditional tea in room, and Asian bedding.Just remember that the hotel needs some TLC (tender loving care) and hopefully one day the Hotel Kabuki will shine again!	
Oct 17 2008 	Overvalued hotel	Even though they remodeled the hotel. it is still far to be 31/2-star hotel. you don't have any controls on air conditioning and heating systems. Just hope you're in right season to avoid these problems. the front desk won't tell you this until you check-in... be aware...	
Oct 7 2008 	Adored the Kabuki	We stayed in the Kabuki unfortunately only for one night at the end of our trip across CA and we absolutely loved it, the hotel itself, the theme, the room, the gardens, the food was delicious, service brilliant and we will be back there as soon as we can , a treasure in SF :)	
Oct 6 2008 	Best Bathrooms 	I stayed in the double room for a few nights in September, 2008. The bathroom was the best I've seen outside Tokyo and Seoul. Beyond the large area for the sink and toilet, the shower was in another alcove behind a glass door. There were multiple showers (2 shower heads on opposite walls and 3 body sprays near one of them), there was a tile bench along one wall that you could sit on while you took a shower if you chose the removable showerhead opposite the one with 3 body sprays. The bathroom was almost as large as the bedroom. The beds were also extremely comfortable. Service was immediate and friendly. The bath products were from Lather, and they smelled wonderful. I go to an annual convention in San Fran, and this is the first time I've stayed almost my entire time in the hotel- I took a couple long showers daily and read in bed all day. Although I stay at different hotels every year, I will book at the Kabuki from now on. This room was so nice that I'll book better rooms in the future. This is not like any of the other 4 star hotels. If you care about the 2 things top on my list for a hotel- the bathroom and the bed, you won't go wrong at the Kabuki.	
Sep 29 2008 	the Kabuki was very pleasant	I researched for days to visit during one of the busiest times of the year, I was looking for unique, away from the hustle bustle of union square and I found it at the Kabuki. We chose the Corner KIng and we had lovely views of the city. The decor was minimalistic and serenely Japanese and lovely. The hotel staff was very professional and accomodating. The parking was great...you must expect to spend at least 25-35 dollars to valet park in this city anywhere. The staff: the hosts, bartenders and valets, ad housekeepers were all very accomodating. The Japanese tub was super. The Kabuki was simply...a very pleasant stay.	
Sep 24 2008 	A great place to stay in SF!	Hotel Kabuki in San Francisco's Japantown is a great alternative to the often over-crowded and over-priced hotel scene near Union Square. We had a lovely 250 sq foot room with a balcony. The entire hotel has been recently renovated and is definitely worth a look. They have a gerat lounge/restaurant as well.	
Sep 22 2008	Good hotel but a little out of the way	Stayed for a Saturday night in September. Am a fairly recent visitor to SF ans know my way around reasonably well though I'd never stayed in Japan Town before....and to be honest I doubt I'll stay in the area again. If you want to be close to 'downtown' you're better staying elsewhere.The hotel isn't the cheapest although the views from the corner room were quite impressive.The public car park is reasonably priced and easy to access as the hotel has an elevator directly to the underground levels, ask nicely and the hotel will even validate your ticket even if it's not included in your room rate :)	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Room - Loved the Bath 	We stayed for one night and asked for a King Corner with the special tub. The room was clean and spacious with a very comfy bed. The tub was terrific and felt amazing. We got a room on the 13th floor (note that the ice machines are on even numbered floors) and loved the view. Great location.	
Sep 4 2008 	Hotel Kabuki Excellent for Price	In San Francisco third week of August 2008--booked three star hotels via Priceline--two were excellent; one was bad. Highly recommend Hotel Kabuki and Kensington Park which you might get on-line for $100-$125. Beware hotels &quot;under renovation&quot; or no-frills, &quot;Boutique&quot;. Don't want to identify the latter hotel because manager was so nice, but arrived with 3 TV channels, spotty wi-fi, faced a brick wall, mold. Hotel company (SF has Personality Hotels, Kimpton, Joie d' Vivre, etc.) did book me into much better accommodations.	
Sep 1 2008 	Perfect for us	We stayed at the Kabuki in Japantown for three nights while interviewing for jobs. It was perfect for us: not too fussy or ostentatious, but nice touches like very clean, new sheets and bedding (supremely comfy beds) and toiletries and friendly staff. I was worried it was going to be over-the-top with the Japanese theme, but it was tasteful and not at all like the amusement park I feared it would be. We had a really nice view (we were on the 12th floor facing North) and it was a nice to be in a convenient yet calm and not noisy part of town. Free wireless, decent tv. Wonderful deep Japanese-style bathtub, eucalyptus salts provided. This is no fancy dancy hotel, but it's clean, comfortable and the details are attended to. Also very convenient to buses. The restaurant was good (with the exception of the Udon that I got from room service) and the hostess went out of her way to help us. The little pond with koi fish was tiny but a nice touch.We got a cheap bundle deal of plane plus hotel from Travelocity.	
Aug 31 2008 	Great place to stay in japantown	The rooms are spacious with great Japanese bathrooms and breakfasts. I would recommend this place especially if you can get a good deal on the room rate.	
Aug 28 2008 	Doesn't worth the price at all!!!	I stayed three nights at the Kabuki Hotel. The room is not what you would expect for a 270$ / night. The windows were old and didn't close properly so the room was noisy. The balcony was shared with all the floor and even they have a sticky on the window saying that was safe to left the window open.The first day they began to clean the room but forgot to finish it. They left the wet and dirty towels over the bed, and did'nt clean the room. I also asked a hight floor with views three months before my arrival (to avoid street noises) and all I've got was a second floor room.I payed a supplement to have &quot;citi views&quot; and therefore I was expecting a nice room in the tower but all i've got was the second floor with views to a secondary street.I found a lot of Motels, even in in San Francisco, with better rooms, better services and for less than a 1/3 of the price.	
Aug 23 2008 	Lousy	I expected a quality hotel with excellent service. I am sorry to say that the stay was not worth the money, the service was in one word: lousy. It did not even meet the service of a 1 star hotel. So the Joie de Vivre story of experience this and that is all bla bla to me if you cannot even achieve the basic standards of service.	
Aug 21 2008 	Excellent bed but better stay in Union Square	I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of july because I like Japanese stuff but these is not really Japanese, just a few pictures and decoration. Excellent bed and bathroom, very clean and very near Japantown shopping mall and restaurants and Fillmore restaurants at walking distance. You can take the bus 3 different busses to Union Square, the bus stop is really near and it's just 8 minutes.Cold welcome and behaviour from receptionist.Part of Joy de Vivre Hotels, which are really lovely and should recommend.	
Aug 17 2008 	Once is enough	Good location, very comfortable beds, good restaurant breakfast, mostly courteous staff, beautiful garden; however, the room was hot (no air conditioning), they charge for Internet use in the business center, television had very few channels, bathroom area not private enough. Glad I stayed there, but will only do once.	
Jul 28 2008 	Some Style Limited Substance	I'm not that impressed with Hotel Kabuki as I wrap up a four-night stay in a recently renovated room. A longtime resident of San Francisco before moving abroad, I heard good things about this hotel when it was known as the Miyako. It seems quality has been compromised some since then. It should be known that the hotel's location is a good one. On the edge of SF's small but charming Japantown, it is close to major bus lines on both Geary Boulevard and Van Ness Avenue. The smartly appointed hotel lobby and courteous Front Desk staff provided a great first impression. The room itself was also nicely decorated and gave the feel of a bonafide boutique hotel. But problems cropped up almost immediately. The toilet was not at all clean, basic complimentary amenities were missing (and remained missing well after housekeeping passed through the next morning; I only secured the amenities once I asked for them directly), and the guest robe hung in the closet had fresh make-up stains on the inside from a previous guest. The television remote control was missing, and when I called to get a replacement was grilled by the Front Desk agent about whether or not I had done a thorough search of the room for the remote control rather than be told another would be sent up straightaway. The hallways proved noisy in the evening, and a neighbor's half-eaten dinner ordered through Room Service remained on the hallway floor for well over twelve hours. Otherwise, one of the two doormen seemed to do everything possible not to make eye contact with entering and exiting guests. Not exactly hospitality in action. In isolation, each one of these problems seems minor. But together, they point to the fact that Hotel Kabuki is more style than substance ... especially given the price.	
Jul 23 2008 	A Taste of Japan	We stayed at the Kabuki because our first choice wasn't available... luckily! Because we really liked the Kabuki. The reception was fast, helpful, friendly, professional. The place itself was calm and peaceful and well appointed. And the room, a corner room (1111) was small but perfect. We had views of the city, a small balcony, a nice Japanese tub in the bathroom and a very comfortable bed. We were able to easily use the internet from our room. We had drinks and h'ors d'ouevres downstairs, which were delicious. And then we ate dinner across the street at bushi-tei, which was also very delicious. The whole experience was enjoyable, beginning to end. And we liked the towels so much, we bought two of them to take home!!	
Jul 18 2008 	Better place to spend money	We stayed there three days ago for one night and vowed we will never go back.We were looking forward to staying there and we chose this place to spend our last night of our trip in San Francisco.The welcome tea ceremony that was promised never took place. The room was smelly and when I went to wash my face I saw the finger nail on the basin. Yuk.The Internet connection was bad. Took 10 mins to open a webpage. You need to connect and reconnect repeatedly.Then next morning when we went to have breakfast in the hotel's restaurant it took more than 10 mins for someone to take the order. Had I not voiced out my displeasure it might take more than 20 mins. I saw a family whose father also lost patience becasue of the same issue.There are many better places in San Francisco to stay, definitely not this one. We so regreted of making such decision and decided to pst this message so other people will not have to go through what we experienced.	
Jul 17 2008 	Loved This Hotel	Our friends and we were attending a wedding in SF and found it quite a challenge to find a reasonable hotel. So, in our search, we found Hotel Kabuki. The men are not especially adventurous and they wondered if a Japanese hotel would be very different. Well, we booked it and were very happy we did. The parking was easy (though we did use the valet parking), the rooms were very clean, the Japanese decor was striking and the staff were as nice as can be.The sheets were so soft and the pillows were great also. The bathrooms were way above standard with some of the baths including an entrance shower to the tub. Bath salts were included as were directions on how to take a traditional Japanese bath. When we returned from dinner and entered our room, a guest had broken the rule and smoked somewhere and it was just drifting into our room. I called the desk and they moved us without delay and gave us a $15 dollar each credit for breakfast. The restaurant in the hotel was exceedingly expensive and the food was not very good. The cod I got tasted like wonder bread (still cannot figure this out), the hamburger was great, the drinks were also grossly overpriced, the morning coffee to go for $3.00 could be obtained across the street for $1.75 (in the mall) and the omlettes were overcooked and dry. The room did have free instant coffee. My husband and I would not eat at this restaurant again.But the hotel - we would go in a heartbeat. The experience was great fun. Have a good time!	
Jun 29 2008 	Could be a very special place with some improvements	The Joie de Vivre hotels group, of which Hotel Kabuki belongs, impressed us greatly when we stayed in their Domain Hotel in Sunnyvale. That hotel was bright, new and modern.  The Kabuki in Japantown has some of the same qualities, although with a very Japanese style of decor. The lobby is pretty impressive, and the staff is polite. We had a Deluxe Corner room on the 15th floor, to take advantage of the bird's-eye view from our balcony. We enjoyed the view, and were lucky to witness the &quot;Critical Mass&quot; demonstration/celebration (depending on how you view it) take place right below our windows. The elevator is lightning fast, but the ride is very smooth. The sliding screens over the windows/balcony doors in our room with Japanese illustrations on them, the black framed furniture and the Japanese-style fabrics gave the room a distinct feel. The traditional soaking tub did as well, although we did not use it that way most of the time (we preferred to shower). The bed, with a pillowtop surface, was very comfortable. The usual amenities are there -- hairdryer, safe, refrigerator, shampoo and conditioner. The kimono-style robes were a nice touch, though the robes seemed a bit old. So the style was as we'd hoped, but the rooms are a bit worn and in need of remodeling. There is a hot pot in the room for boiling water for tea, and a set of tea cups and a small tea pot. Providing only two tea bags seemed a bit stingy, though. There was no coffee maker however, which was disappointing to my husband. Even though this is in the heart of Japantown, most Americans still like to have coffee in the room. The tiny frig was so full of honor bar drinks, there was no room at all for leftover food we brought to our room. One thing I wish the room had was a door to the bathroom sink area. The toilet is in its own room with a locking door, and there is a wall separating the bathroom/toilet area from the main room, but the shower stall door is clear glass, and a lack of another door there takes away some of the privacy, especially if you want to shower or wash at the sink while you have someone visiting your room. A door to the area would also minimize noise from someone using the sink or shower that might disturb someone else sleeping in the bed.  The hotel needs to improve its concierge service. The staff directs guests to the doorman on duty for this, and the doormen don't seem to know much. We asked about getting to Golden Gate Park and where to park, but the doorman neglected to tell us about the no-left turns on most streets and the many one-way streets. He also left out the fact that the Asian Art Museum in the Park has a huge parking lot, and instead told us to park on one street south of the park. So our drive there was very frustrating. The next day, we asked the doorman (a different one) about getting to Point Reyes to the north, and he had no idea what that was or how to get there without looking at a map. And he had no maps to give to us. Even if the hotel may be catering to business people, they should know how to advise guests on tourist activities. We booked the room by calling the hotel directly, and got a great deal at $150 avg. per night (this was for June 2008). My relatives staying in the hotel paid almost as much through Expedia for a smaller, less interesting room. Parking in the nearby municipal garage was $15 per day, which is $10 less than the hotel's garage rate, and $20 less than in the Fisherman's Wharf area. The hotel is in a nice area -- especially Fillmore St., with its many small shops and restaurants. And there is no lack of Japanese restaurants in the neighborhood. We also like the Soko Hardware Store across the street on Post, and the Ichiban (Dollar Store-like) store in the attached mall. If they remodel, upgrade some of the amenities, and improve their concierge service, this hotel will be quite wonderful.	
Jun 24 2008 	What a treat!	My daughter read about this hotel on this site and talked usinto staying there. Such a great experiance... beautiful area(we'd never been to Japantown and really enjoyed it) thehotel is beautiful and the rooms heavenly. The Komono robeswere a surprise we weren't expecting. Also after checking inthe front desk called up to ask if we had everything we neededand to tell us about the evening tea... just call the front deskif we'd like to have complimentary tea between 6 and 9. We did and it was wonderful loose leaf tea served to usin a little tea pot with glasses and honey with lemon.The rooms were beautiful we had a view of Japantown, and beautiful rice shoju screens and painted japanesewomen on the wooden screens. It's a family favorite now..if I had one slight complaint it would be the shower set upcould be a tad more private. We'll definitly be back!!!	
Jun 19 2008 	Weekend trip	Went to SF for the weekend, stayed 2 nights at Hotel Kabuki. It is a beautiful hotel. The bed was very nice. However I had called ahead of time and was told that our room would be the double double with a view and balcony in the tower part of the hotel just like I had reserved online. When we arrived we were told that we were changed to a family suite (an upgrade) but it was in the garden part of the hotel and on the first floor where we had a view of passing cars and no balcony or outside air. When I asked to change rooms the women at the front desk just stammered and stared at their monitors. The air conditioner didn't work so it was very hot in the room. Valet parking was a joke, $25.00 a night and I was told on the second night that I couldn't park there even though there were empty places. Found the staff to be not very friendly and never said thank you or looked us in the eye. I paid a lot of money for a room that I didn't want and was upset the whole time.	
Jun 2 2008 	Cool Hotel for a Unique SF Experience	My family (2 adults, 2 teenagers) stayed at the Hotel Kabuki for one night in April, 2008 in order to get an &quot;out of the ordinary&quot; experience and give the kids a taste for what a Japanese hotel is like. The hotel was quite nicely decorated, conveniently connected to a Japanese mall full of Japanese stores &amp; restaurants, and the soaking tub in the bathroom was a nice plus!The kids stayed in a queen size bed in the living room while my wife &amp; I shared a large futon in the tatami bedroom. Both were nicely appointed, and the tatami room reminded me of some hotels I had stayed in in Japan - authentic and comfortable. We even found a sauna in our bathroom just before we checked out - too bad we didn't know sooner that it was there! We didn't eat at the hotel as we felt the breakfast was somewhat overpriced (had I been there on business I might have eaten at the hotel), but we had a decent dinner at one of the many Japanese restaurants in one of the adjacent shopping centers, and we had breakfast at one of the coffee shops in the mall as well. As an added plus, I took advantage of the free use of the Kabuki Spa before checking out. It was a wonderful experience, with a variety of tubs and a great steam room and very relaxing Japanese music. I was there for about an hour, but I could have stayed for at least one more. The hotel was on the expensive side, but it is San Francisco, and we sprung for a suite with the tatami room - a more conventional room with 2 beds would have been less expensive. the tatami bedroom was very cool	
Jun 2 2008 	A great place to stay central to everything.	This hotel came highly recommended to us. We wanted to stay a few days in the Japan Town area of San Francisco for a few days when on holidays. The property has recently undergone renovations and is nicely done. The rooms are still a tiny bit dated, but the product in the rooms, especially the beds (kings beds, with feather duvets, amazing egyptian linens) They have a restaurant on site (Japanese and western style food) A must to experience, the servers in the dining room go out of their way to service you. There is a ton of restaurants and shops right across the street and in close walking distance to the hotel.The wharf, pier 39, shops are close, you can hop on a trolley just 10 minutes from the hotel and head to all the attractions at the wharf.Would for sure recommend this hotel as a place to stay when in San Francisco.	
May 29 2008 	Beware Room 411	Overall, we had a nice stay. I got a good deal on Travelocity airfare/hotel package at Hotel Kabuki. We checked in on a Wednesday afternoon, we were given our keys for room 411. At first glance, the room looked ok; that was until we opened the curtains and looked out the window. All we could see were cement walls and the restaurant exhaust system - an ugly, rusty sight. When we looked straight up, we saw a tiny bit of sky.I went back to the front desk and politely asked if we could change rooms and have one where we could actually see something out of the window. The hostess asked if we needed a king bed or a japanese tub. I told her that we could do with a queen bed and the japanese tub was unnecessary. She said she would upgrade us at no cost to a King room on the concierge floor with jetted tub. We checked into room 2504. It was very pretty with a big, wide window with rice paper screens that opened to reveal a view of the city in both directions and the hotel Japanese Garden below. The jetted tub was very large and deep.Concierge floor means complimentory continental breakfast. Thursday morning at 7:30 they set up coffee, fresh fruit, large sweet rolls, cereal, milk, and juice. Friday morning - no continental breakfast, not even coffee. We were in a hurry to go sight seeing so we didn't bother asking. Saturday, Sunday, and Monday, they left a sign in the breakfast area saying that there would be no continental breakfast but we could pick up a voucher at the front desk to use in the hotel restaurant. The voucher was worth $12 pp and was to be applied to our restaurant bill. The breakfast food was good. One day the service was very slow and the next day it was fast.We enjoyed our room and the hotel. We loved the Japanese decor, modern lobby, and Japanese Garden. Japantown is a little bit out of the way from tourist attractions but is on a main bus line so transportation was easy and convenient. We enjoyed the serenity of Japantown after the fast pace of downtown. The area was clean and the malls and stores were fun and interesting.	
May 26 2008 	Delightful Oasis in Japantown	After arriving at the hotel from a late flight, I was informed at check-in that I didn't have a reservation (no thanks to my administrative assistant who forgot). Nonetheless, the front desk person, Sherman, was very helpful. The lobby is just beautiful and room is an oasis from the hustle of the city. Our conference facilities were excellent. The bar and restaurant are exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
May 24 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	Booking: I contacted the hotel directed to make reservations. It turned out to be less than any website. We paid $112 for each room a night, however, it was on weekdays. Checking In: We arrived an hour early and to my surprise they had our rooms ready immediately, which was nice since we had been traveling all day.Interior: I loved the Japanese theme of the hotel yet it still remained western enough to not feel like it was over board. Simple and elegant. RoomsKing Room: Nice and clean. The only thing is that it is a bit small to have any visitors, but its perfectly fine for just two people.Deluxe Double Room: Once again very nice and clean. We love the little sitting area. Since there were 7 people traveling (only 4 stay at the hotels), we used this room as a hang out place at times. Service: The front desk was very accommodating and answered any questions that we had. Housekeeping always did a wonderful job with the rooms. Valet however was not always available but parking was easy.Amenities and Dining: Since we were not in the hotel during the day very often, I cannot review on the amenities or the restaurant . We wish we could have taken advantage of what the hotel had to offer but there is so much to do in SF. We love the little mini mall that is attach to the hotel especially Ichiban USA. It is a wonderful place to buy little snacks and souvenirs for friends and family. So inexpensive and fun.Places to go in SF:-Check out Coit Tower at night and during the day if you have time.-We had dinner in North Beach one night, which is highly recommended.-One of our favorite activities was taking a small road trip to Stinson Beach. From San Francisco after crossing the Golden Gate Bridge, take Hwy. 101 North approximately three miles to the &quot;Hwy. One, Stinson Beach&quot; exit. Follow the signs and enjoy your drive down one of the most scenic highways in the nation. Stinson Beach is approximately 20 miles from San Francisco. Make sure you stop at Muir Beach Outlook, you won't be disappointed.	
May 19 2008	Hotel Kabuki- Exceptional	I would like to commend you for having such a wonderful staff at the Kabuki. And w/ that, I’ve also got my clients and colleagues to stay there before &amp; we all have the same praises for you guys. I’ve stayed at your establishment a couple of times now and I must say, they raise the bar each time - most especially your front desk team, namely Mr. Reyes. As we all know, warmth and fine customer service is part of the industry but he definitely adds more of a personal value into it, &amp; that separates you guys from the cliché. It’s one thing to get the aesthetic qualities covered but it’s definitely another to combine it perfectly w/ exceptional service. Keep up the good work and looking forward for another hassle free stay at H.K once again!	
May 8 2008	Kabuki Just Right	We stayed at the Kabuki for one night only on our way to New Zealand but we wished we could have stayed longer. All the staff we encountered were friendly, courteous and hospitable in true Japanese style. The room was comfortable; the hotel was quiet;the general ambience was one of peace and relaxation. We also appreciated the Japanese Garden. It was our kind of hotel. We hope to to stay there again and would like to try other &quot;Joie de Vivre&quot; Hotels in the future if there are up to the same standard as the Kabuki.	
Apr 17 2008 	Very nice and fair price	This was a very nice hotel. It was in the Japanese area of the city and the staff were very accomodating. I had a king room with a view and the view itself was worth it. I overlooked the TransAmerica building to the left and the bay to the right. Truly breath taking. The price online at the hotel website was the most reasonable that I could find and it was under other hotel costs in the area. Since it was a business trip I had limited time and was not able to travel to the off-site bath house however the soaking tub in the room was amazing. I thiink that the hotel would be very comfortable for Japanese visitors as well. The menus contained half American dishes and half Japanese dishes. There were other nearby dining options if neither suited you. The only 2 things I was unsure of were whether I received club points for the Joie de Vivre membership I got right before booking my trip and whether someone was to come to the room with tea service (since I had this impression from a pre-stay email from the hotel). Neither of these factors affected my feeling about the stay whatsoever.	
Apr 6 2008 	A really nice alternative.	We had a week in San Francisco for a convention and decided to take our two kids. That meant looking for a suite, so that we could put the kids to bed in one room and still stay up and watch TV and visit with friends in the other. The Kabuki had a variety of reasonably-priced suites that fit the bill, for just a bit more than a regular double room at the big-name convention hotel. (Note: the Kabuki's 'East-West' suite, with one Western bedroom and one Japanese tatami room, does not adequately isolate one room's sound from the other.) The 'Junior Suite' was great for our purposes. The kids had the big bed in their room while we had a foldaway futon in ours.The hotel is newly remodeled (it was the Miyako when I lived out there), and very comfortable. The staff seemed to be changing constantly, so it was hard to find a regular, 'go-to' person; however, everyone was professional and pleasant enough.Japantown is a nice part of the city, with plenty of (mostly Asian) dining options very close to the hotel. We found we could walk pretty much everywhere we wanted to go (we made the obligatory tourist trek up over Hyde Street to Fisherman's Wharf and even walked to the Tea Garden in Golden Gate Park). When we needed cabs, they were easy to find.The only drawbacks I can think of were the lack of any sort of bathrobes in the room -- a bit odd for a Japanese-style hotel -- and the rather slow wireless Internet. Also, refrigerators in the suites would be nice (NOT just for the idiotic mini-bar -- does anyone actually buy that overpriced crap?) However, all in all, we would gladly go back, and we were very glad we opted for the Kabuki over the mega-chain conference hotel.	
Apr 5 2008	Very Nice Hotel with good location in Japantown	We recently spent 3 nights in this recently renovated and renamed hotel in Japantown. It was our second stay there and both times we got a very nice &quot;view room&quot; with lots of room, good views of San Francisco, and a Japanese bath. The staff was very friendly. Both times we enjoyed promotional rates which were very good for San Francisco. This time the service was somewhat lacking--we didn't get our complimentary welcome wine or our daily newspaper. Also a couple items were missed during the room cleaning one day. Breakfast service in the bar was very slow (and expensive) both times we tried it. But overall it was a pleasant stay at a good price.	
Apr 5 2008	Four-star prices without four-star service	I recently stayed at the Hotel Kabuki and found it, in a word, disappointing. The hotel is nice, that much is for certain, but patrons are not offered four-star caliber service to match the hotel's four-star prices.Upon arrival, I had expected to receive help with my two large suitcases and three personal bags, but there was no one to be found at the door---no doorman, no bell hop, nothing. I towed my luggage to the front desk, and while check-in was swift, I was not offered assistance with my bags. Worse, I was given insufficient directions to my room in the &quot;Garden Wing&quot; and found myself lost within five minutes of checking in to the property. I returned to the front desk and was given better directions by a different attendant. Had I not been saddled with so many bags, this episode might not have even registered as a negative...as it was, by the time I got to my room I was annoyed and fatigued.First impression: The room itself was billed as an &quot;Executive Sauna Suite.&quot; It consisted of two large rooms: a sitting/work area and a bedroom with attached bath and sauna. Though the rooms had recently been remodeled, damage had already set-in and made parts of the room look dingy. The paper on the shoji screens was ripped in several places, scuff marks dotted the walls, and the ceiling looked like it had been repaired and repainted several times. It was obvious that many of the flat surfaces in the bathroom had been somewhat shoddily re-faced with granite, rather than entirely replaced. In short, the room was nice, but far from perfect.Details: The Ipod dock was nice, but there was a dearth of convenient outlets for charging my laptop, phone, and camera. Adequate, comfortable bedding was appreciated. The toiletries were okay, and the towels were fluffy and only a few bore stains from previous users. Two flat-screen television sets featured a small number of stations from which to choose. With the drapes open, the room was nice and bright. During the evening hours, even with all the lamps on, the room was annoyingly dim. The lighting in the bathroom was the worst I have seen in some time. Most four-star hotels provide its occupants with some kind of lighted magnifying mirror for grooming, but not Hotel Kabuki. As a result, morning tasks were more difficult and more tiresome than they needed to be. Overall, the hotel was quiet. I only heard my neighbors a few times. Free wi-fi was nice when it worked. Special Bathroom Note: The bath area was separated from the sink area, which was also separated from the toilet. There was a door separating the bedroom from all of this. Each area had its own door, and privacy was never a concern. Room Service: Avoid the hotel's room service at all costs. It was overpriced, of course, and of exceedingly poor quality. I ordered dinner, which was only mediocre, and, on the day I checked-out, I ordered a scrambled egg breakfast which was inedible. The eggs were sulfurous and undercooked, the sausage was disgusting, the pastries were lacking, and the coffee was bitter. Worse, it was delivered by hasty staff interested not in presenting the meal but in collecting the tip. There is an art to room service that this hotel has not mastered. I assume the Denny's across the street would have been a better bet for both food and service.Housekeeping: Housekeeping was efficient and adequate. No complaints. (And no interruptions.)Business Center: I found it annoying that the business center;s computers are not free to use. Printing on their network looked to be a hassle, so I took my laptop to my room and wrote out information longhand.The day I checked out, a bellman was available to help with my bags and make first contact with my driver. That was an improvement.I doubt I would stay here again...unless I had a significant discount. The Kabuki wants to be a four-star hotel, but until they master the art of hospitality and true service, they will not deserve that rank.	
Mar 30 2008 	Nice Room Poor Service	We got the executive suite with a sauna for a really good price during the middle of the week. The room was great, with a few minor details missing. The bath could use a new caulking and the dry sauna didn't get very hot (needed the steam to make it hot). The phone didn't work in the bedroom and after telling them, no one came to fix it. Which gets me to the service... When we checked in, we were not told to go up different elevators than in the lobby, so that was annoying. We were not offered the tea service. We were on the club floor with free breakfast. The coffee was empty and after asking the front for more, they never brought it (even 45 minutes later!). The location was great and the room was quiet. If we had a cheap room here, we would probably stay again, but this time won't expect 4 star service to go with the four star room.	
Mar 26 2008 	A 4 Star plus in my book!	This is a very nice hotel and should be rated 4 star. The staff is friendly and they have a free wine reception each evening in the lobby. The room was extra nice on the 5th floor club level. Breakfast was included on that floor also. Location in Japantown was very nice and unique. Also there were no bums laying on the sidewalk and begging like you see at the downtown hotels. A cab to Union Square is $8 or the Muni bus runs about every 5 minutes past the hotel on Geary and only costs $1.50. I will be sure to return to the Hotel Kabuki next time in San Francisco.	
Mar 22 2008 	great location we'll stay there again	A friend recommended this hotel and we were not dissappointed. Great location and easy access to public transportation. Our room had a great view, was spacious, the bed was comfortable, and the japanese style bathtub was fantastic to soak in after a day of climbing all those hills. The attached restaurant was pricey but the breakfast was good. Our only complaints are minor ones: when we arrived no one seemed interested in helping us with our baggage and the room decor seemed to be a stranage mishmash of Asian and Western style decor, but that's just being picky. Try to get a room with a view, and take advanatage of that deep Japanese style soaking tub.	
Mar 21 2008	good option	Good value for money city hotel. Can access the city via public transport with little difficulty but use the local bus route map. Althought it is not &quot;down town&quot; it gives options to get to other parts of the city. The Japantown area is really good if you are into that thing. There are a few good restaurants to explore but there are some other good areas within easy walk. Good eating and drinking can be found within easy reach. The hotel is comfrtable and cannot be faulted. Bar is excellent. Would I recommend , yes I would. For a base to see SF it is a good bet once you sort out local transport, and that means get the bus map, simple as that.	
Mar 18 2008 	Ideal place to stay and relax	I have stayed at the Kabubi Hotel (Used to be called Miyako) many times. I can not rate it anything but a great place to stay and relax. The service is great and every one is extremely friendly and competent. The rates are reasonable and the rooms extremely clean and quiet. I always try and plan my trips far enough in advance so I am able to stay there. I can not recommend it enough.Frank Butterfield	
Mar 11 2008 	Great place off the beaten path	I stayed at Hotel Kabuki for a convention and couldn't have been happier. When I checked in, they gave me an upgrade to the &quot;club&quot; level. A larger room, one of those wonderful soaking tubs (with whirlpool jets!) and free continental breakfast every morning. The room was wonderful. A king Sleep Number bed, IPOD docking alarm, plenty of room. Loved the free wi-fi. The staff was polite, helpful and attentive. Catching a cab was extremely easy...I never waited more than 5 minutes! I will absolutely stay here again...	
Mar 3 2008 	Alright for a casual trip go elsewhere if you want it to be special!	My husband and I decided to stay here for our brief honeymoon. Too bad we were just not impressed with the service - we've gotten better at a Motel 6!All brides are told that hotels love honeymooners (get the anniversary business, right?). Well, I mentioned that this was our going to be our honeymoon when I booked the room. I replied to the email confirmation stating that this was a honeymoon (they had gotten our # of guests wrong). I even mentioned it at the front desk when we checked in. We weren't expecting extras or anthing, we already had the most expensive room, but a Congratulations would have been nice. (We had a private ceremony, so really not tired of hearing it).Nope, no congratulations. In fact, we got &quot;Call the front desk when you want your welcome tea&quot;, and then she walked away. Gee, thanks, I feel welcome already! In any case, we decided to call the front desk about an hour later. I said, &quot;I had a question about the welcome tea.&quot; Response &quot;Fine, someone will be there with your tea in 15 minutes&quot; and then hung up, no &quot;is that all&quot; or even letting me say thanks or that wasn't what I wanted.Well, my husband and I were in the room for another hour or so. No tea arrived. We finally decided to go to dinner. While leaving, we were joking around, kneeling to close the doors behind us, etc. (We were staying in the Japanese suite, where there are sliding doors from the entry way to the seating area, and more doors to the raised sleeping area). So, we're POSTIVE we closed the doors. When we returned about an hour later, the doors to the seating area AND the sleeping were open. Of course, I called the front desk, while my husband looked to see if anything was missing (or added). The front desk said &quot;No one would enter your room, you must not remember leaving the doors open.&quot; Of course, I said that I was sure we closed them. To which she replied, &quot;No one would enter, thank you&quot; and hung up. Yeeeaaa...At that point, we decided to just stop dealing with the people at the hotel, and just enjoy Japantown.Too bad that at 9am, we had banging on the door for housekeeping. Apparently she decided to ignore the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on our door. I did open the door to make sure it was still on there. Yes, it was hanging nicely from the door handle. What a dirty look I got for pointing it out, and stating that we wouldnt be out of the room until at least 11:30.The room itself was lovely, though. I thoroughly approve of the bath products they place in the room, quality is excellent. The hotel does look better than the last time we stayed there, when we got engaged.We celebrated there after getting engaged. We went there for our brief honeymoon. It was the intention to go back every year for our anniversary... but we think they missed out on that repeat business. Recommended? Not if you want anything resembling courtesy. If you dont care about people being polite, then go for it!	
Mar 1 2008	Can't wait to return!!!	We have never stayed in Japantown before and we must say that it is a great location. We were able to take the bus everywhere. The hotel is wonderfully clean, friendly staff (especially the day doorman) and it has a fun bar. We will go back!	
Feb 29 2008 	I Loved It But Not for Everyone	I really loved my stay at the Hotel Kabuki, but it’s not a hotel for everyone. I’ll elaborate below.The Room: I spent the extra for a corner king room, and I was glad that I did. The room was on the 14th floor, and the view was spectacular! The sliding glass doors on 2 walls were covered with sliding shoji screens and stepped out onto a narrow balcony which ran around the whole corner of the room. The room had a small entry hallway with one closet. Half the closet, though, was filled by a large bookcase which held the minibar, the coffee maker, the coffee service, the safe, and a tray of minibar snacks. Tucked into the open side of the closet were two folded luggage stands. The room itself was large and contained a chaise, a glass-top desk with a TV, a desk chair, a low glass table, and a second chair. The bed was unfortunately one of those almost-a-king beds and my husband’s feet stuck off the end. The bed itself was very comfy with a warm duvet and fluffy pillows. On either side of the bed were endtables. You’ll note I never said “dresser.” The room only has half a closet and the two small drawers in each endtable. If you come for a week, or like to unpack fully, you’ll find yourself living out of your suitcase. The TV was a very low-end flat screen, and we had to wiggle the cables to get a good picture. Because of the arrangement of the room, we also had to pull the desk into the middle of the room to see the TV from the bed. On one of the endtables is a clock/radio that is also an iPod dock, so you can have your favorite music and leave your charger at home. The heat/AC were very old controls, and was strangely noisy on the middle fan setting, but not on low or high. The room was in pretty good shape, although the wallpaper was peeled back where one of the shoji screens rubbed on it.The Bathroom: The bathroom was in 3 sections, the toilet closet with a solid door, the sink area, and the shower/tub separated by a glass door. The room comes with a Japanese bath. If you’ve never seen one, imagine two tubs side-by-side. Now take out one tub, but leave the faucet and handles and then tile the floor. Make the 2nd tub narrower and pull the sides up to knee height. Where the 1st tub was there is a low wooden stool and small bucket that you use to soap and rinse, then you get into the 2nd tub which is just for soaking. It was also been fitted with a showerhead, for us Americans, but if you’re taller than 5’2” you’ll need to bend over to rinse your hair. The water pressure was great and the water was always nice and hot. The bathroom comes with an exfoliating soap for your scrub, bath salts for your soak, as well as the usual shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and hairdryer. The toilet closet was quite spacious, so even the largest guy wouldn’t feel cramped.Service: Check-in &amp; check-out were quick and pleasant. After you settle into your room, you can call down for complimentary hot tea service. It was served in a great iron teapot. Our doorman – a happy Buddha-shaped guy – recommended a Chinese restaurant across the street that was some of the best Chinese I’ve ever had (San Wang Restaurant). The room was always very clean. We called down for extra towels the one night that we took a Japanese bath, and although they took a long time to come, we got a huge stack of towels, two extra bath salts, a roll of TP, and a box of tissues. They had us covered! Every night from 5-6:00 there is free wine and sake in the lobby. We also got a free breakfast and 2-for-1 drank coupon for the hotel’s restaurant. The breakfast was the usual American buffet, but service was fast and attentive. We also could have gone for free to the Kabuki Springs &amp; Spa which is about a block away, but we didn’t have time. The room should have had free wifi, but we could never get a signal – not even in the lobby. There is cab stand right outside the hotel, and a bus stop ½ block away. The 3-day Passport is a great deal for $18, considering it’s $5 to ride the cable car just once. Bus service is fast, efficient and runs 24-hours.Overall: This was great, fun hotel. My husband and I loved the Japanese theme. The location right next to the Japan Center gave us tons to eat and tons to shop. The downsides were the short bed, the lack of wifi, the poor TV, the lack of a dresser, and very short shower.	
Feb 25 2008	Truly unique boutique hotel	I checked into the Hotel Kabuki simply because I was attending a conference there - no expectations as to the quality or personality of the hotel.I was pleasantly surprised by this unique hotel on the edge of San Francisco's famed Japan Town. It has recently been refurbished (substantially, from what I understand) and is very tasteful. It's quiet and private, with staff who are understated but eager to serve. I was greeted in the lobby with a sake tasting; it was the perfect introduction.My room, a king room on the corner of the 12th floor, was terrific. The Japanese theme holds through to the guest rooms; mine had the additional bonus of being a corner room with a small balcony overlooking Japan Town to the west and Cathedral Hill to the south. The highlight, though, was the Japanese bath . . . a very deep tub meant for soaking with aromatic bath salts. Outside the tub was a separate faucet and stool meant to be used for washing before entering the tub. It was quite an experience!The conference center was well-appointed, and the staff again was very courteous and efficient. The food at the conference was unique and good - not spectacular.	
Feb 12 2008 	Terrific Time!	My husband and I celebrated our 24th anniversary at Hotel Kabuki, and we had an amazing time! We arrived in the pouring rain and were pleasantly greeted with sake and wine tasting before we even got to the front desk to check-in. When we checked in with Michael at the front desk, he upgraded our room when he found out we were celebrating our anniversary. Tomo refilled our glasses with sake and invited us to take our glasses with us to our room. Later that evening, Michael delivered more of the yummy sake and some delightful, tasty snacks as a nice anniversary treat. I jumped in for an enjoyable soak in the wonderful tub--the sake was a great complement to the bath! Then we enjoyed the lights of San Francisco in our corner room. The room was nicely furnished, and the Lather bath products were a nice touch. In the morn, we awoke to a beautiful sunrise sneaking over the buildings on the horizon. We had the weekend planned and took Michael up on his offer to help us with anything we needed--we wanted to take a bottle of the yummy sake home with us. Michael got us a bottle. We would highly recommend Hotel Kabuki. The price was right, the room was great, and the staff was awesome. Parking was good for a large city: we parked in the underground lot next to the hotel--very easy access and out of the continuous rain. We didn't spend near enough time in the hotel. And, we didn't take time to enjoy the Kabuki Spa, which we heard was great. Guess we'll have to plan that on our next visit to SanFrancisco--and we'll definitely stay at Hotel Kabuki!	
Feb 9 2008 	Great value lux-light hotel	My husband and I stayed at the KH for 11 days, combining business and pleasure. We requested an Executive Suite which was overall an outstanding value, very large and comfortable for a long stay. We had requested a quiet location, which was honored. While the executive suites are lovely and comfortable, the lighting is not ideal for actually working in the room as the lamps provided are quite dim. However, there is a lovely desk with a comfortable office chair, copious/convenient electrical outlets and free WIFI which was seamless. There is also an in-room safe which accomodates laptops. The added bonus of this room is the sauna in the bathroom.Constructive criticisms: the inconsistent housekeeping, particularly noticeable over the weekend. The room itself was always cleaned, but removal of dirty glasses was variable, we had to request wineglasses daily from the front desk, outside carpet needed vacuuming. The front desk staff was extremely responsive and should be commended on their customer service approach. The restaurant is a joke compared to the copious other excellent options in the immediate area. For those not familiar with SF, this hotel is not in the &quot;thick of things&quot; of San Francisco but in Japantown which we actually wanted. For breakfast, head up Filmore (4 blocks away) to one of the boulangeries. Overall a great stay, not the Peninsula, but an outstanding value and wonderful customer service. Just skip the restaurant.	
Feb 3 2008	Great Hotel!!	Wow. A great hotel! Hospitality was great and very accommodating. The access to the Miyako mall and Japan town is great (didn't even have to get wet). The king suites are very spacious and the Japanese style baths are great for soaking in. When we arrived, they had us in a western style room (which was still very spacious) but we wanted a Japanese style room. The front desk fixed it in a flash and gave a new room. The king bed was a sleep number and very comfortable and the linens were soft. The bath even had a small sauna (which was great for drying wet clothes after it rained). The downsides of the place is the difficulty to get a taxi and how far it is from other attractions in the city. But its still only a $7-$10 taxi ride to anywhere you would want to go (straight down Post street). Public Transportation is also convenient. But if you enjoy the Nissei culture, then this is the place to stay!	
Feb 1 2008 	Fabulous Stay at the Kabuki!	My husband and I just came back from a 5 night stay at the Kabuki. It was the most wonderful hotel we have ever stayed in. We have stayed in other nice hotels in San Francisco and other cities but this one was the best. The staff were ever so courteous and accommodating. At first we were given a smaller King bedroom on the 16th floor which was quite nice but was not what we had booked (we had booked the larger renovated King corner room that had a sitting area and 2 glass doors/windows with balcony). When we brought this to their attention, they immediately moved us to the 15th floor corner King room and offered to move our belongings. I am not sure why there was a mix up but they took care of it promptly and graciously. Both rooms were clean and well taken care of and have a nice Japanese decor. The spaciousness and comfort of the sitting area with chaise lounge, chair and glass coffee table was a welcome treat after walking the streets of S.F. The deep japanese tub soothed our muscles and mind--no need for a hot tub spa! I especially loved opening the soji screens in the morning to look out over the city and mountains. It is also pretty at night with the city lights. Having a covered though narrow balcony to step out on to feel the fresh air was nice too even when it was raining. The housekeeping was exceptional.  Further staff accommodation/kindness: One evening we inquired about where to buy a bottle of wine. When the front desk staff said it would be quite a walk and it was raining, they then produced a bottle for us, no charge! Only 3 minor areas would enhance the room: 1. Put a sliding door to close off the bathroom 2. Have a chest of drawers for clothing 3. Offer black and green tea with the in-room coffee set up. Check specials as prices can vary. Our cost was $125 but 2 weeks later I saw that it was $179. It would have been worth it for that room but also would have been beyond our budget.	
Jan 29 2008	Nice place	My wife and I live in the Bay Area and wanted to get away for a couple of nights alone (no kids). My wife insisted that wherever we stayed, it had to have a good sized tub. I think all of the rooms here have deep Japanese soaking tubs, so she was pleased. The bed was quite comfortable.I agree with most of the other reviews, the rooms are on the small size, but that is standard for SF. The staff is really terrific and the restaurant was soooo nice. It was my bday, so they comped us on the entire dessert bill, including drinks! The other nice feature is that it's attached to the Japan Town Mall, which is totally enclosed and has a nice selection of restaurants to choose from.	
Jan 17 2008	Heavenly Kimono Robes	I stayed in a corner room on the 16th floor. The room was extra large compared with most San Francisco properties. The decor was a very nice blend of Japanese traditional with contemporary touches. Shoji screens to cover the floor-to-ceiling windows, a small but lovely balcony, japanese soaking tub, chaise for relaxing and reading, plasma television, IPOD docking station and a heavenly Spa robe made my stay extraordinary. The bathroom has a separate vanity with granite counters and lots of space for toiletries, the towels are soft and wonderful and the commode is totally separate from the traditional Japanese bathing area. Tall people may find the shower experience a bit problematic. I am 5.4 and the showerhead was only one inch away from the crown of my head. The floors in the room were covered with carpet designed to mimic tatami mats, the closets are large and feature a safe and a refrigerator. Don't count on the coffee and tea buttler as it is stocked with Folgers instant coffee and Lipton tea (No fun!). The beds are dressed with high count egyptian cotton linens and a super soft down comforter. I was not a fan of their pillows. Too thick for my taste. As for the public areas. This hotel is in the heart of Japantown. The food is lovely, people are nice and the neighborhood is sooooo clean. The hotel is about 5 blocks away from the wonderful shops at Fillmore street. The hotel offers a daily wine and sake reception complimentary to guests. Avoid the fitness facility. It is small and it has not been updated. Instead go for a walk or a run.	
Jan 17 2008	Being in Japan again	We visited Japan a couple of years ago and enjoyed staying at a hotel in the Hakone region. That hotel was geared to domestic Japanese tourists and we stayed in a tatami room. The tatami room at the Kabuki was fairly authentic except it didn't have the Toto toilet and it smelled musty. Like the hotel in Japan there were no lights by the futon bed on the floor so when I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, I couldn't turn on a light until I got to the bathroom. Fortunately there was enough light from the lights outside on the street shining through the shoji screens for me to see.Guests are offered a tea service which was delivered to our room. I wanted a very light tea but it was served from an airpot where the tea had steeped too long so it was bitter.The employees were very courteous and helpful. When the TV remote didn't work, my husband called the front desk and an employee came promptly to our room and gave us a replacement.	
Jan 13 2008 	Loved the Kabuiki	Exceptional service! The Kabuki is conveniently located and newly remodeled. Rooms are nicely appointed and comfortable. The restaurant was surprisingly good for both breakfast and dinner. But what makes the property stand out is the truly exceptional service! Every single staff person we came in contact with was a delight - helpful, knowledgeable and very, VERY nice. This hotel has my strongest recommendation.	
Jan 12 2008	Very Friendly Staff	Good remodel of the Miyako. Every staff member was exceedingly friendly. Room offered tight quarters between desk and bed, so may not be the best for heavy business. Hotel restaurant very good and plenty of room. Quiet area. Only noise came from loud door latching in hallways. Better soundproofing around doors would help. Taxis have to be called as there are none that wait there. Eat at Florios - 5 blocks away for great food.	
Jan 12 2008 	Hotel restaurant is the best	Ate breakfast &amp; dinner at the hotel restaurant, the O Izekaya Lounge &amp; everything was just an awersome experience.Food was great &amp; also the service from the staff.	
Jan 11 2008 	Pretty nice	My husband and I just got back from a 6-night stay at Hotel Kabuki, and for the most part, enjoyed our stay. We reserved and were presented with a renovated deluxe king room, only to be disappointed! Although it was on the 16th floor, our room was tiny and a bit outdated. The room was very clean, but smelled of smoke. The bed wasn't a king, and the view from the room was very average. The staff was nice enough to relocate us. We settled for the same type of room on the other side of the floor, which was slightly larger and had a king-sized bed. The view into the city was spectacular. Although the walls were paper thin, we found the 16th floor to be very quiet.We LOVED our soaking tub, our cozy bed, the free internet, and the festive decor. We also appreciated the wine hour, the great martinis in the bar, the front desk, and literally being in Japantown. We highly recommend parking underground for half the cost of valet, and reserving a room as high up as possible for a good night's sleep. The front desk even gave us a half bottle of cabernet for no reason-what a nice touch! We always found our room as neat as a pin when returning back in the afternoon.We did NOT like the lack of storage space in the room (where to put clothes?), nor the desk and chair being inches away from the bed-I had to climb over the bed to get to the other side of the room when my husband was working at the desk. We also did not appreciate the inappropriate conversation made by the bellman upon arrival. We were not given the tea service as promised, but maybe they were too busy? Being that the rooms are so tiny, we would probably opt for a corner room if we were to return.Overall, we felt that our stay was a great value, yet presented some awkward moments. The staff does make a valiant effort to accommodate the guests, and we left very content with our experience.	
Jan 10 2008 	excellent-- If you can sleep through intermittent thunderous traffic	My room was pleasant, extremely clean, and I really liked the comfortable bed and the selection of pillows. The Japanese touches in the room, especially the bathroom, were fun. The staff was efficient and friendly and the location was good. The room rates were reasonable and the free Internet was a nice perk. BUT-- my room, for five nights, faced Post street. Every few minutes, I could hear loud thunderous roar caused by trucks straining their way uphill. The noise was especially bothersome after 5 in the morning. I don't understand why they haven't installed soundproof windows. The loud noises marred an otherwise wonderful stay.There is a restaurant inside that seemed to be good but I didn't have a chance to eat there. There is also an exercise room. If you can handle public transportation (why not, this is San Francisco), buses costing $1.50 run up and down Geary very frequently (right behind the hotel). So you can avoid taking taxis for many simple trips, especially during working hours.A variety of fine and not-so-fine Japanese and Asian restaurants are nearby. But no Starbucks or similar cafe was visible within walking distance. It was amusing to see a Denny's in Japantown, two blocks from the hotel. On the last day, I noticed a Peet's Coffee sign in themovie theater window a couple of blocks away.Aside from the disturbing intermittent traffic noise, Hotel Kabuki seemed to be a fine place. I would definitely stay there again if they renovate their windows (or if I can get some efficient earplugs).	
Jan 9 2008	not a good room experience	Did not like the room i got. Payed $199 dollars for it. Received a corner room. Only 6 inches of room to get inside the room because a bed dresser was in the entrance way next to the bed. the bed was facing the window. Bad feng shui for chinese people. Bathroom was good. But terrible room layout. I couldnt get my luggage through the entrance that i had to pick it up so i wouldnt hit the dresser with my luggage. I will never sleep at this place again especially at a rate i paid. I should of just stayed at Clarion near the airport where i've stayed before and paid half the price and received a larger room. Customer service was okay. Nothing special.	
Jan 9 2008 	Excellent place to stay	This hotel was an excellent place to stay for a couple that wasn't interested in being in the thick of the tourist destinations.The location was ideal as it was fairly centrally located. We were able to walk to several lively little areas with good restaurants, movies, and shopping. We felt like we were really experiencing the city through the eyes of the locals. At the same time, the proximity to the Geary bus line made it quite easy to go West towards the ocean and Golden Gate Park, or East towards downtown.The room was clean and nicely decorated in minimal Japanese style. We had an amazing view over Japantown and could even see the tip of the Golden Gate from our corner balcony on the 14th floor (SW corner). I highly suggest getting a room with a soaking tub. It was a rejuvenating luxury after our long days of exploring the surrounding areas. Our room also had an ipod dock, which was a pleasant surprise.The only downer was that we had planned to use our complementary pass to the nearby Kabuki Springs &amp; Spa as a couple. It just so happened that they were closed the one day of the week (Tuesday) that was coed because it was a holiday. We plan to stay at this hotel again and again!	
Jan 7 2008 	Yes you should stay here!	This was the second time we stayed at this hotel within the year, and would not hesitate to come back again. Perfect location for Japantown, and convenient for the rest of the city, too, without being downtown in all that craziness. Convenient shopping and parking.Wonderful beds!!! Clean rooms, in traditional styling. Love the deep soaking tubs! The only improvement I would recommend would be to add a sliding wood panel door between bedroom and bath, for privacy (in bathing area) and so that turning on bathroom light at night doesn't disturb those sleeping.Best of all, this hotel is across the street from &quot;Bushi-tei&quot;, a fabulous (1 Michelin Star) Asian-French fusion restaurant, that is an incredible dining experience!	
Jan 6 2008 	New upgrades make the Kabuki even better!	I recently stayed at the Hotel Kabuki, formerly known as the Miyako Hotel, and was happy to see that the new upgrades had made the hotel even more attractive than before. I booked a corner king room with a deep Japanese tub. This time I was only on the 4th floor, so didn't have much of a view, but the room had big windows and a comfortable bed.  Included in my room package (booked at the hotel's website, jdv.com) was a $20 coupon for O-Izakaya, the newly-opened restaurant on the 1st floor, where I sampled high grade sake and small dishes of Japanese fusion cuisine. I followed the suggestions of my knowledgeable waiter, and ordered a wonderful scallop dish, and an interesting Japanese mini-donut dessert. The dishes are small and meant to be shared, so don't go here if you are ravenous and have a small pocketbook. I visited my usual spots, including Kinokuniya Bookstore, the Paper Tree Origami Shop and the Japanese dollar store by the hotel above the bank. The hotel is conveniently located smack dab in the middle of Japantown, and is near most major tourist attractions.I always enjoy the deep Japanese bath, but was puzzled to see that the shower just outside of the tub had been removed, making it difficult to wash before getting into the soaking tub. Just a small quibble for an otherwise perfect visit.	
Jan 2 2008	Joie de Vivre Hotel was a joy	A friend had described a recent stay in SF that sounded delightful so I checked in to her suggestion. We did not choose that one, but it was part of the Joie de Vivre Hotels chain. As I looked at other options they had to offer, I became interested in the Hotel Kabuki .We were looking for something a bit different in San Francisco at Christmas--NOT drowning in Christmas decor--and a Japanese themed hotel seemed like the ticket. Then, the location turned out to be central. We loved it. Went everywhere on buses or walked. Staff could not have been nicer. Rooms very nicely appointed and I thought the rate was a bargain. Our view was fantastic. We booked a couple of nights for othere family members and they were equally impressed. A small problem did arise, but it was far overshadowed by how well it was handled. I will definitely look to Joie de Vivre Hotels for future visits to CA.	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice room good housekeeping no Internet	We stayed at the Kabuki the weekend before Christmas. We booked the &quot;executive sauna suite&quot; at what we considered a very reasonable price. We love the location of the hotel right next to the Japantown mall.The room was beautiful, modern, and spacious, with comfortable furniture. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in and it didn't bounce around like a lot of hotel beds, so I could turn over at night without disturbing my partner. My partner liked the sauna. The living area and sleeping area are separated by a translucent screen, which is what might be expected of a Japanese style room but isn't what we were hoping for, because one of us likes to go to sleep early in a dark room and the other likes to stay up late with a light on.The bathtub wasn't quite what I was expecting (it was similar to a typical Western bathtub, but the sides were a bit taller, and there was no bathing area outside the tub). My partner asked to see a room with a soaking tub setup, but the room was a lot smaller than what we had, so we didn't move.The hotel advertises free wireless Internet, but it rarely worked in our room. No wired Internet was available as far as I could tell. We didn't get the advertised &quot;welcome tea service&quot;. That was OK with us.We had good service from the housekeeping staff. One day we asked them to clean our room right away because we were leaving and coming back shortly. They did. Another day we didn't want any housekeeping, so we left the Do Not Disturb sign up all day, and they honored it—they just left a card saying &quot;If you want housekeeping, phone.&quot; (These days most hotels will bug you even if you leave the sign out.) My partner had trouble hooking his laptop up to the TV, and they reasonably promptly sent a service person up who helped figure it out.We had some minor issues with bell service. A bell person was not available when we arrived. We had loaded our own luggage onto a cart and were heading to our room when one appeared and followed us to our room, perhaps hoping to get a tip for not actually doing anything. We had planned to use valet parking, and we used it for a couple of hours on our first day there, but after we got back for the evening, the lot was full and we were directed to self park in the Japantown lot. Not so terrible, it turned out - the Japantown lot is cheaper anyway (which we knew), and has parking directly under the hotel (which we didn't know). We didn't get charged for the few hours of valet parking we had.Maybe I'm behind the times, but I expect the staff of a hotel of this class to be willing to call a taxi when requested. My expectations were not met. The first time we requested a taxi, the bell person got us one but acted like he was doing us a big favor. The second time, he said it would take less time if we went out to the taxi stand in front of the hotel and hailed a taxi ourselves. That was a bit uncomfortable because one of us is mobility impaired and we had to stand there for a while.We ate at the hotel restaurant twice for breakfast. The coffee was good and promptly refilled. The food was OK-to-good. One time we had to wait a long time for a table even though the restaurant was almost empty.	
Jan 1 2008	Japanese Bliss-American style	We really enjoyed our family (2 adults, 2 children) stay at the Kabuki hotel. It is centrally located and we were able to get around the city easily. The hotel is connected to a mall with inexpensive food items----an array of Japanese food and there is dining at the hotel as well. Spent time in the small but empty fitness room and very much enjoyed the Japanese soaking tub in the room. Hotel guests receive one free pass to the Kabuki spring/spa bath house but book spa treatments well in advance!!!!!!-I was unable to book any treatments during my stay.Would stay again...the rooms were clean and stylish and the daily wine tasting cocktail hour was a lovely touch.The room was a little small for 4 but I was told it might be tight. Next time, we will book the family suite off the garden.	
Dec 31 2007 	Mixed bag	While it's location and price are reasonable, I had anmixed experience at this hotel. My boyfriend and I booked this hotel as a romantic weekend getaway. The Joie de Vivre addition was obviously still in the awkward &quot;teenage&quot; years of a &quot;redo&quot;. The lobby was wonderfully Zen in its decor. We paid for a King bed with a &quot;balcony&quot; and a &quot;view of the city&quot;. I was less than impressed with what the reality was. The &quot;balcony&quot; was a concrete slab and wall that extended less than a foot from the room and connected with the next room over (no privacy). It looked less than &quot;updated&quot;. The view wasn't bad...a generic city view... nothing to write home about. And while the room we booked, and most of the rooms at the Kabuki tout their &quot;traditional Japanese soaking tubs&quot;... they were laughable. If you weigh over 140 pounds (like me), fitting into one of these tubs is a tough sell. The shower head was broken and the shower door was not sealed (so water got everywhere on the floor). The pouring bucket proved to be more useful than the shower head. As for the hotel staff, I would say they were giving about 50%. Every time I called downstairs for a taxi it took 10-20 rings for them to pick up. When my boyfriend called from the airport it took 18 rings for them to pick up- which was more than frustrating. When we finally got hold of them, they were very helpful in giving direction and restaurant advice. The beds and bedding were the most impressive thing about the whole experience. They were perfect. The room was very small, there was barely enough room to move around it. There were no curtains per se, just sliding wooden panels (which did not do a good job of keeping out the morning sunlight). A few things to keep in mind, before you arrive, bring earplugs (it's a noisy part of town) and bring your own room service (as they haven't gotten to that part of the renovations yet).	
Dec 31 2007	Zen in Kabuki	Our family always stays here when we go to SF, and for good reason. Kabuki creates a great hotel experience, down to the details: hot tea served in a cast-iron kettle, a wonderful unique square tub, patios with views of the city which open by sliding the wooden doors that have beautiful Japanese paintings (..now that was a long sentence!) And during off-season, you can find some great room rates. Highly recommended.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Price/Performance	This was probably the sixth or seventh time my wife and I have stayed at this hotel in the last year and a half. so obviously we are quite comfortable here. However, this is the first time we have stayed since the completion of the recent renovation, and I can say that it really makes a difference. There are still some niggly issues with small details, but the overall experience is extremely positive. The pluses are as follows:1. The rooms are spacious - we have always stayed in corner rooms.2. The bathrooms are in general spacious, and the new arrangement is quite appealing.3. The new room furniture is far more contemporary than the old furniture - now there are flat screen TVs, and the everything is updated.4. The linens - both bath and bed - have been significantly upgraded and can hold their own with any top level hotel.5. We ate at the completely redone Japanese restaurant and had an excellent meal. The waiter knew the menu inside and out. His recommendations hit the spot. The best dishes were dirt cheap.6. This is probably the best hotel to stay in San Francisco, if you have a car and don't want to pay an arm and a leg for parking. We were able to self park within 100 feet of the room elevators at a cost of $15/night. We were within a mile of downtown without any of the traffic. There was never a wait to get in or out of the lot or any problem of finding a parking space regardless of time of day. Having spent $51/day at the Mark for parking in the past, this is an absolute bargain. Plus it's centrally located7. As usual, the staff was very friendly.So what are the negatives?1. The Kabuki is not the Four Seasons - the total luxury of a world class hotel is not here - but then neither are the room rates.2. One day our room was not made up until early evening. This was a minor pain, but it should not have happened.3. The rooms could have more lighting.4. The new furniture has less drawer space than the old. This only matters if you are traveling for an extended period of time, which we are frequently doing.All and all, the Kabuki offers a great price/performance package, so the minor negatives are vastly outweighed by the overall positives cited above.	
Dec 24 2007 	Loved the Kabuki Hotel	My husband and I needed a hotel room for only one night and chose the Kabuki Hotel. The hotel was wonderful and the staff very accommodating. We were generously greeted upon check-in with complimentary sake and/or wine which was a lovely touch. Our room was gorgeous and we treated ourselves to the Japanese bath treatment (ofuro) provided in our room complete with step by step instructions. We felt transported in time and country. The attention to detail in the room and the atttentive staff made our stay truly memorable and we wished we'd had time to stay additional nights. Though the hotel was under renovation, we were not inconvenienced in any way.	
Dec 11 2007 	Rip-off bar but good hotel	The room was great, the service was very good but I was hugely disappointed with the bar. The hotel has directions to a bar in the lobby and the bar we were lead to was a stupid Karaoke Bar. We stayed for 2 drinks each and we were charged 50 euros for 4 drinks altogether- an absolute rip-off!!!!!! I blame the hotel for that, even though the bar can be accessed through the hotel into a small shopping complex. We were charged for listening to the japanese singers who were useless, just cause we wanted a few drinks without wanting to go down the street. This was the so-called hotel bar as such. It sort of ruined the goodness of the hotel.	
Dec 11 2007 	Could be a great hotel but...	I thought this hotel would be much better based on the reviews. It's true that the lobby is spotless and when you're there it seems like it will be a great stay, but it seems like they gave, like, 75% effort on our stay. Some of the disappointments were:1. No ice bucket. Had to call downstairs and wait 15 minutes for one to be brought up. (Isn't there a checklist of some kind for the housekeeping staff?)2. Broken shower bracket meant I had to hold the shower thing by the handle the whole time. An almost relaxing shower.3. Sliding glass doors to balcony is shared with the room next door. Before you jump out of bed, swing the curtains open and say &quot;Good Morining San Francisco!&quot; be sure to check the folks from the room next door aren't looking into your room. Also, the balcony sliding doors where unlocked when we arrived which means if we hadn't checked, we'd have left all our stuff in there totally accessible by the next door neigbors via the shared balcony.4. Bare wall patch where they had done some repairs in our room, but not repaired enought to paint or paper over. Oh yea, very Zen spackle job there.5. Security Risk - although there is a sign when entering the hotel through the totally Public parking garage in the basement saying someone will have to buzz you into the hotel... we just parked, opened the door to the hotel and took the elevator directly to the 10th floor and our room! How can you ever trust a knock on the door for &quot;room service&quot; after that kind of a security hole in a major city?Anyway, this is a nice location and the lobby and decorating hint at superb service, but it's like the management is alseep at the switch, so you get good service only when a particular staff member feels like it... 75% of the time.	
Dec 4 2007 	Weekend Getaway	Hotel Kabuki is the newly renovated version of one of my old standbys, Hotel Miyako. Now managed by the Joie de Vivre chain, Hotel Kabuki is a sleeker rendition of its former self. I loved the new decor. More, I loved the personal attention. Although the hotel is still rolling out its services, I like the idea of being welcomed soon after check-in by a tea cart with your choice of teas. The service was not available when we checked in, but we were the first to try the bath butler services. The assistant manager went out of her way to make the experience special by fulfilling my request for hot sake. Members of the Joie de Vivre Club receive a room upgrade, and we were provided with a suite for the weekend. This is not the fanciest hotel in San Francisco, but I think good service trumps almost everything else when it comes to a great hotel stay. I really appreciate that no one knocked on our door at 8:00 a.m. to hurry us out so the room could be cleaned. There were some rough spots, like we were missing some towels, but the hotel is still shaking out. I look forward to returning.	
Nov 30 2007	Zen-like stay	We chose Hotel Kabuki for a two-night celebration of our anniversary because we love the Joie de Vivre hotel chain. Hotel Kabuki was yet another wonderful stay for us. We loved the quiet, Zen-like atmosphere of our room, the art-filled lobby, wine-reception, and wonderfully attentive staff. Our Japanese deep-soaking tub simply added to the atmosphere and our first evening was capped by an absolutely amazing dinner in their newly opened restaurant. The server, manager and chef were attentive—the food fantastic and all of it sustainably farmed, grown or fished. All of this located conveniently in Japantown near Fillmore Street. Fantastic value! We can’t wait to return!	
Nov 29 2007 	A Nice Hotel	I chose the Hotel Kabuki because we were seeing a concert at The Fillmore and wanted to be within walking distance of the venue. I made reservations through the hotel website. We arrived around 5pm. Weparked in the Japan Center Garage which has an entrance to the hotel. The cost was $15 for an 8-24 hour period. Which is not bad for SF. We chose to park here instead of trying the hotel parking after reading reviews. We saved ourselves time and frustation as the hotel parking lot is truly a small parking lot (appx. 20 cars). Check-in was smooth and quick. We even received a complimentary room upgrade. The recent renovation could be seen throughout the hotel. Thelobby was beautiful and the room was great. The Japanese motif throughout the hotel has a very calming effect. After checking in we headed out to find the venue and some dinner. TheFillmore is about 5 blocks away. We were very comfortable walking around the area. We ate a Korean restaurant nearby the venue. It was quite good (but I've forgotten the name). We had time after dinner to walk around before the start of the show. There is a little mall near the hotel which has quite a few restaurants in it. We were disappointed we didn't think of walking through there first as there were quite a few restaurants we were interested in eating at. The bed was extremely comfortable. So much so that I didn't want to get up in the morning. And the bath/shower was wonderful. We received complimentary passes to the public bath but were unable to use them since we were only there for the night. Hopefully next time. We had an ejoyable stay and look forward to staying there again.	
Nov 23 2007 	Peaceful Oasis	Newly renovated (Nov 1, 2007), this hotel has a calm adn restful Japanese decor. The new Lounge is wonderful, great sake and food selections. Safe place, and living in japan town was a great experience. Taxi's are available easily, and so is public transpotation, although I did not use one. The staff is very friendly and helpful.	
Nov 21 2007 	Renovated Bliss	We would only stay at the former Miyako Hotel while in The City. The renovation and renaming to Hotel Kabuki continued the great accomodations. With a central location, loads of parking (which is at a premium in San Francisco) and a newly renovated room, the Hotel Kabuki will continue to be our prime hotel in The City. Also got to try a Sleep Number bed that the original Bionic Woman espouses on those infommercials.	
Nov 12 2007 	Patience rewarded with a serene performance	A fabulous renovation is under way at the former Hotel Miyako in the Japan Center, SF. It is now known as The Kabuki Hotel and operated by the Joie de Vivre boutique hotel group. The staff could not have been friendlier and more helpful. We were upgraded to a suite the night we checked in. We had reserved a JdV online special King view room with Japanese soaking tub. Unfortunately our upgrade was to a partially renovated suite, not in the view tower. The room was a weird combination of a tatami-room bedroom (bed on the floor) and a western-style bed in a room separated by shoji screens. The bathroom was a little odd, it had a flip down bathroom scale!? The brand new flat screen tv was not visible from the beds, or any other piece of furniture in the room for that matter. After some rearranging, one of us was able to watch tv comfortably. The (western) king size bed was comfortable, the room quiet and we had a great night's sleep. I'm sure this is going to be a very nice room when the renovation is complete. The next morning I called the front desk and we were given the room we had originally reserved with no fuss. THAT room was fantastic, completely renovated in beautiful, soothing colors and relaxing textures. We had a view to the east looking at downtown SF. It was a very comfortable and elegant room, full of special touches, such as an obi decorating the top of the bed covers, Japanese pottery and sliding screens decorated with a Japanese Lord and Lady. The Japan Town neighborhood is lively and full of wonderful places to eat, fun shopping at Ichi Ban Kan (the Japanese dollar store) and other more traditional Asian stores in the center. It is also within walking distance of the Filmore shopping district with again, great eating, drinking and fun shops to explore. This is a great alternative to the noise and bustle of Union Square. Discover a different San Francisco neighborhood!	
Nov 11 2007 	Comfortable stay nice amenities at the Hotel Kabuki	I just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel Kabuki. The hotel was convenient to lovely restaurants in the Japantown area, as well as close to the Filmore district for shopping and more lovely restaurants. The bed was comfortable with soft pillows, and a nice treat was the japanese style bath with deep soaking tub. I was there for a conference, the conference facilities were nice, as was the catering. I especially appreciated the free wireless internet access and the business center.	
Nov 8 2007	Wonderful hotel!	Hotel Kabuki has a wonderful, peaceful ambience and an attentive, friendly staff. I would love to stay there every time I go to San Francisco!	
Nov 8 2007 	problematic stay!	Having just undergone rennovation there was no room service, no mini bar and alarms that went off in the night. The restaurant is currently closed. The neighborhood closes early and by 8pm there is no local convenience store, you need a cab to get a soda!	
Oct 30 2007 	Great Hotel	Rooms were as promised, beds comfortable. Parking limited but public parking is below building &amp; $15 per night, no in/out. You can usually park at the Hotel during the day and when you come in for the night - park in the public garage..Cash only.	
Oct 28 2007 	Wonderful Hotel Kabuki		
Oct 25 2007	Excellent stay!!		
Oct 24 2007	Pleasantly Surprised--we'd come back!		
Oct 24 2007 	Not ready for prime time		
Oct 23 2007 	Pleasantly surprised		
Oct 21 2007 	Great Time at the Kabuki		
Oct 19 2007 	Great stay at the Miyako (aka Kabuki)		
Oct 15 2009 	un buon hotel con parcheggio coperto		
Oct 11 2009 	Un bon compromis		
Sep 19 2009 	excelente		
Sep 17 2009 	hotel charmant		
Aug 15 2009 	buon hotel ottima posizione		
Aug 12 2009 	Bad service !		
Jul 12 2009 	Traumluxushotel in Japantown.......		
May 30 2009 	Eccellente Hotel in una zona tranquilla		
Nov 26 2008 	Moyen sans plus !		
Oct 16 2008 	?????????????????		
