Nov 8 2009	Not really clean enough	We were a little disappointed in the room, as there was a ton of dust on the lampshades (I'm allergic so didn't sleep well) and a really old shower stall with quite a bit of mildew. Otherwise, it wasn't too awful. The staff were some of the friendliest and most helpful I've dealt with anywhere and the location was great. Actually, there were some really nice amenities. We needed a corkscrew, and they actually had a complimentary one at the front desk! We were able to print our boarding passes before heading to the airport, as they had a computer and printer available in the lobby. Had a soda machine right outside our room with reasonably priced water and drinks. There's a cool little rooftop lounge area. All in all, it was fine, but I probably wouldn't stay there again unless I knew they'd upgraded their rooms a bit.	
Nov 8 2009 	good value	Had no view room off street, was quiet. room was clean, only very very slight smell of urine in bathroom. bed was soft but ok. TV worked and had several channels. Had problem with wireless due to my laptop and front desk supplied a lan cable to connect to jack in room.Bus stop was one block away and very convienent to moscone center which was one block away also. fishermans wharf was walkable but i drove or took the bus. continental breakfast was O.J., coffee and pastries which were good. free parking was great and always available for me when i returned even late at night, but it may be due to low season now. they do allow double parking and leaving your key at the front desk. really good value for the price i paid.	
Nov 5 2009 	good value for the money--free parking	not too far from tourist sites (walk or by bus); helpful front desk; quiet and clean. very good value for the money. free parking was a real plus.	
Nov 4 2009 	A fair value	This was a nice place, great desk help, good price, fair location. It's a good place to hang your hat!. If you are going to spend alot of time in your room you may want something a little more fancy. It suited our needs perfectly. We were out all day and just need a place to shower and sleep. We had a room with view of the top of the GG bridge. Breakfast was fine, just what we neede to get on our way. If you have a car its really good deal cause parking is free. The desk help were so kind and helpful. They made arrangments for us to get a shuttle to the airport and even printed out our boarding passes for us. As far as location check out the Muni pass, they are the way to go if you dont have a car, we bought the tree day pass even though we were only going to use if for two days, it was well worth it, we loved riding the cable car! I is also good on the trolly and the buses (there is abus stop a little over a block away) so once you get on the bus you can get anywhere in the city! Nice young man from the RED sight seeing buses (double decker) even gave us a ride down near the Wharf just to be nice, what a sweetie! We bought our passes at Wallgreens. The red buses are a nice idea if you want to tour the city, I think you can ride them for two days, dont know where they stop, The folks at the hotel will help you with info like that. If you plan to take the ferry we used the one at the ferry building (not the one right near the Wharf) it was cheaper and gave a discount to seniors ..fyi) We were happy here it was perfect for our needs and great on our wallet a little over $200 for a 3 night stay!	
Oct 20 2009 	Not totally awful but close...	We ended up at the Buena Vista Motor Inn after plans to stay elsewhere fell through at the last minute. I am not one who needs frills, when the purpose of the trip is sightseeing and we were in San Francisco to catch the sites. However, now that we travel with a toddler my standard for cleanliness is high. I did not feel that these rooms where all that clean. The rooms, minus fairly new carpeting, were very worn--walls, doors, beds, chairs, tubs (although the walls of the tub looked fairly new). I could not tell in some instances if the wall was just old or dirty. I did a full wipe down before letting my toddler touch anything. There were also missing covers on the outlet for the AC unit and a plug cap under the AC unit was cracked. My toddler is over the touch everything phase, but if he was smaller this would have been a greater concern. Also our window looked out onto some kind of almost alley/walkway and it was littered with beer caps and bottles. During this trip we stayed at other hotels in this category that worked fine, this one just did not make the grade for our little family. We survived, but would suggest others look into other hotels on Lombard Street. The positives here are the free parking and a decent looking continental breakfast (we only had the OJ). Also, the front desk staff, when around, were friendly and helpful.	
Sep 25 2009 	Cheap.	This was the first and worst hotel I stayed in on a recent road trip. No nightmares but it's a good ten minute walk from Fisherman's Wharf and miles from anywhere else, very basic, no restaurant (breakfast consisted of a pastry and instant coffee) and it's in need of a refurb. We also had a very noisy ice machine just outside our room. On the plus side it's cheap, the staff were polite and helpful, there's a nice view on the top floor balcony and Lomard street is pretty cool (although the famous winding part of it is again, miles away) but I wouldn't recommend this place or go back.	
Sep 15 2009 	So noisy	Spent 3 nights here over Labor Day Weekend. Its a pretty basic motel but has the benefit of free parking which is a bonus in San Fran, however it is on Lombard Street (the main street that runs from the Golden Gate Bridge to the city - which has 6 lanes of traffic) and the hotel does not have double glazing so it is incredibly noisy in the rooms even at a holiday weekend we were woken up regularly by trucks rumbling by. Other than that it was fine but fairly old fashioned motel. The location also means there are a lot of hills to climb to get to any of the main sites	
Sep 2 2009 	Location and price suited us fine	Booked this hotel over the internet for a 4 night stay in San Francisco. We stayed on the third floor and could just see the top of the famous bridge out of our window. The room was comfortable and certainly clean and equipped with everything we needed. Vending machines on each floor provide cheap snacks and drinks. The location is about a ten to fifteen minute walk to the water front and pier 39 and the same the other way to the famous crookered section of Lombard Street. Staff were fine to deal with. Free internet to use in the lobby. Breakfast was adequate but not over the top. I would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great value for money	We stayed here for a few nights during the start of our trip to the States. It was a great place to start the trip, with friendly staff in a quiet location. Upon arrival check-in was quick and easy. I hadn’t driven in America before and so the journey to the hotel was my first Freeway experience, the guy at reception offered some driving advice with a smile.Fishermans Warf is about a 15 minute walk from the hotel, with a nice section walking along the beach. It’s a little strange to drive this if you’re not used to the hills!The rooms are clean and quiet, great to relax in after a day exploring San Francisco. Parking is also convenient, in a two level garage. Space is a little limited, but we didn’t have trouble finding a space.Very good value for money, worth a stay!	
Aug 27 2009 	Great base for exploring San Francisco	Excellent motel - just a short walk from all that San Francisco has to offer.Free parking (an real plus in SF where some hotels charge over $100 a night for parking!). The car parks are small but it's OK to double park so long as you let the desk know and leave your keys so they can let people out.Staff were all very friendly and helpful.We booked for 3 nights but there was some muddle over rooms and so we had to change rooms over the first night - no problem at all as the hotel moved all of our luggage for us.Both rooms were large, comfortable and clean. The decor will not be to everyones taste but then we came to admire the city not the inside of the hotel room!Breakfast consists of coffee, croissants, muffins, pastries, fresh fruit and juice. There is plenty of food and the pastries are delivered fresh every morning - this is all kept well stocked up during breakfast hours and you can have as much as you like and the pastries are delicious.This motel suited our needs perfectly and it was a nice place to stay. Spot on for the price.	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent hotel not far from the center	We stayed at buena vista motor inn for 4 days. The rooms are big and clean, the bed very comfortable and big, a good choice of tv cable channels with a big tv.The breakfast is basic, a coffè and a juice machine plus some muffins and donuts. There is no a lot of space to eat in the hall, so we brought our breakfast in our room and it was not so uncomfortable because in the room there was a lot of space and a table with two chairs.The location is good, 10 minutes far from union square by taxi (the ride about 8$), and 15 minutes from fisherman's wharf by walk!	
Aug 14 2009 	good hotel excellent location	Free indoor parking (but limited space). elevator start from parking , Staff freindly.&quot;Breakfast&quot; (cookies + drink). one free internet station at the reception.Average room.We paid 422 $ for three nights (weekend).Walking distance from fisherman's wharf .10 minutes driving to golden gate bridge.I would come back.	
Jul 26 2009 	ewwe! gross!	Parking is free but very limited and the rooms are dirty walls and filthy curtains, partly redone, new carpets but old bedspreads and furniture. Not happy, the reviews said it was a clean hotel, I guess everybody had a different idea of clean.	
Jul 23 2009 	Good Location a little dated	This was our second stop on our America trip, we had booked this hotel online.When we got there check in was very easy and quick. The staff were very helpful and a free 15 minutes on the internet was always good.The room was large but a little dated and you could hear quite a bit of street noise.The bed was comfortable.Breakfast was provided which consisted of pasteries, orange juice, fruit and coffee.The location was good but prepare for some hills from the wharf.I would definately recommend the bike and roll over the Golden Gate Bridge and also Alcatraz... Amazing!	
Jul 23 2009 	Good location friendly staff	First time in San Francisco, first 3 days of vacation at this hotel. Convenient for local public transport (Fishermans Wharf is walkable). Quite nice area. Staff very friendly and helpful. Breakfast quite basic (croissants and donuts and fruit). Very little room at breakfast area which meant you usually had to carry your breakfast to your room. Altogether a good experience and I would use the hotel again.	
Jul 7 2009 	1st and last stop on our road trip	We booked 4 nights here to start our California Road Trip my husband, daughters, brother in law and a neighbour. As well as 2 nights when we returned as it was going to be 4th July weekend we thought better safe than sorry. We originally booked the suite which would sleep 6/7 with a rollaway, due to the sleeping arrangements needed for our party, upon seeing the room it would have been fine for a &quot;Family&quot; but not extended family and neighbour. Reception helped us to get another 2 rooms, although they had to be smoking one's and phew they did stink but we were only in for a small amount of time and with the windows opened it was tolerable. . The suite has a seperate bedroom with 2 double/queen beds with the bathroom en suite from there. In the lounge is a &quot;Murphy&quot; bed, pull down from the wall, microwave, fridge and TV.Rooms are not luxury but excellent value and great location, close enough to the wharf and easy to grab a cab to go downtown if you are not happy to walk, reception are happy to call one for you. The free Wifi is always appreciated, early morning there is a grab and go breakfast, sticky cakes, fresh fruit, OJ, coffee, nothing special but good to start you off on the right foot. The free parking was also an added bonus although not very many spaces and some quiet tight if you have a big car or not used to parking, we had no trouble at all.On the top floor you have a sun room with table and chairs which gets real warm and a roof area also with tables and chairs so you are able to bring your food back tot he hotel and eat should you wish. It was very pleasant and relaxing with views of the Golden Gate bridge in the distant. I thoroughly recommend you try the Fort Mason Deli, 1 block down the side of the hotel on Gough, the burgers where great and the sandwiches, oh my if you have a small appetite, share one. the store has all you need to keep you going and they are really nice people in there. There is some noise as you are on the main road Lombard Street which leads to the Golden Gate Bridge in 1 direction and the famous zig zag street in the other. Hotel is compliant with disabled access and a room that has disabled facilities, however if in a wheelchair you would not be able to access out to the rooftop due to a step.	
May 24 2009 	Love this place!	My last stay here was in Jan., however I stay here frequently (about 8-9 times in the past 3 yrs.). I like the location of this hotel, the proximity to Fisherman's Wharf, the cleanliness and consistency. Free parking is a plus, as is the interior corridors which for me is a must at a hotel in the city. Ken at the front desk is always wonderful.Often times we stay in the disabled room on the 3rd floor and it is large with bay windows overlooking Lombard Street with the Golden Gate bridge in the distance. If you aren't disabled, you could possibly request this room at low occupancy. *side note* this room can get a bit of traffic noise from street below early in the morning.Continental breakfast is provided in lobby in the am, as is free internet.We will come back to this property again and again as we have NEVER had a bad stay here.	
Apr 30 2009 	Improved	We'd stayed here about 3 years ago, and since then they've refurbished some. Very clean, but you need to expect a basic American indoor-halled motel. Lots of foreign visitors taking advantage of the budget prices and the auto-friendly location. (Free covered parking, although the parking is tricky for the beginning driver - but that's true all over San Francisco, isn't it?) We like the Lombard Street location, since we enjoy exploring the various neighborhoods by car. However, it does create some noise; this isn't a place for a light sleeper, although the rooms that face away from the street may be quieter. Some front desk staff isn't completely easy in English, but it's a very small minority of the staff, and only a problem on the phone. Breakfast is (good) coffee, OJ and various pastries that always seemed to be brought in fresh. Plan on carrying them back to the room, since there's no dining area. Large rooms, decent towels, so-so mattresses. And on those rare days when the city gets hot, there's AC as well as heating in the individual units. We averaged less than $100 a night, and that's a real bargain in San Francisco, where parking at one of the fine hotels, regardless of their discounted rates in this economy, can run $35 a night. Quite satisfied, all things considered.	
Apr 23 2009 	Very pleased!	My husband and I stayed 5 nights at San Francisco's Buena Vista Motor Inn in May of 2008. It's located on Lombard Street, about 4 blocks from the &quot;crooked part&quot; of Lombard. Since most hotels in S.F. are rediculously expensive, we chose this motel for the price ($82 per night at that time). Being among the lowest priced motels we could find, we weren't expecting much, but we were very pleasantly surprised! Our room was very nicely decorated, squeaky clean, fairly roomy, quiet, and it had a good-sized cable T.V. - great for resting and relaxing after a long day of tourist acitivites! There were only two minor negative things about this motel. First, there were only 3 restaurants within couple of blocks of the motel - one was a lunch-only café, one was hidiously expensive, and the other had very bad service (we left after being seated and ignored for almost an hour!). So, you either have to take the bus or taxi to Fishermans's Wharf, where almost every restaurant is terribly expensive, or do as we did and take the bus downtown (especially China town), where you can find more moderately-priced family restaurants. The other slight negative was the breakfast that is offered - juice, coffee, and donuts. The lobby is very small, so you end up having to either take your coffee and donut up to your room, or stand while you eat your donut. Tourists need a better breakfast than this to start a heavy day of touristing, but since there were no breakfast restaurants anywhere to be found in the area, we just put up with the donuts. The location is quite good, especially if you want to use the bus system, like we did. One of the major bus lines is just two blocks away, and you can get almost anywhere from there. The bus and the subway system (BART) are reliable, inexpensive, and it's easy to understand how to get around. The staff at Buena Vista Motor Inn was wonderfully helpful and courteous, so all in all, you won't be sorry if you choose this very nice motel!	
Apr 8 2009 	Cheaper option for the city - close to transport	The hotel undergoing a much needed re-vamp when we stayed there so the place was a bit messy. Room was not anything special - bathroom was old but this may now have changed. Free wifi in room was terrific. Breakfast of muffins, pastry and fruit was excellent. Could be eaten either in the lobby or taken back to room. Staff were very nice. A 10-15 minute walk to Fishermans Wharf. A 5-10 minute walk to the bus stop.	
Feb 27 2009 	Convenient Parking	I've been in this hotel last February of 2008. The hotel has a convenient free parking, what compared to other options turned out to be a cost saver. It is within walking distance to some shopping streets and if you do not mind walking uphill, you can take a 15 minutes walk to the pier as well. The room is not tiny, it is clean and offers free cable internet. The staff is nice, I have to check in one day earlier and they had no problem making it possible and honoring the same daily fee. The lowlight is breakfast. It is &quot;served&quot; in the reception and it is basically coffee and cupcakes. I would recommend if you can get a good deal or do not want to spend too much for a hotel. It was our case.	
Feb 21 2009 	Nice hotel Great location	After reading reviews here, we finally decided on checking in at the Buena Vista. To be honest it was between this or the Travelodge Inn up the street, and the free &quot;continental breakfast&quot; (a variety of sweet muffins with one or two bagels total, -horrible- coffee, and some orange juice) won us over. Anyway, after hearing how horrible parking was in SF we limited our choices to those with free parking. We were pleasantly surprised when arriving almost two hours early, they not only had spaces available, but allowed us to check in. The room we had booked was unavailable, but they upgraded us to a double at no additional charge for the duration of our stay. The staff were *very* friendly and professional even when we arrived at a bit of an awkward moment (the somewhat scary looking owner had called the police on someone to escort them out of the building after having missed check out by two hours). We found our room on the third floor had a nice view of lombard street, and over the tops of the buildings we could see the tips of the Golden Gate bridge. The rooms themselves were nice and tidy, although setting the appropriate shower temperature was a bit difficult, and the light switch to the bathroom was broken and you'd have to fiddle with it to turn it off. The only other complaint I could possibly have is that if you get a room facing lombard street, traffic can be pretty loud all hours of the night and occasionally wake you up with a jolt as someone The ceiling in the hallway also sprung a leak, but they were very quick to get on the problem and have it repaired (while it was not finished during my stay, it looked almost there upon check out). We enjoyed our stay so much in fact, we opted to see if we couldn't stay three extra days to our original timeline. The man behind the counter not only helped us figure out our total costs comparatively, but was extremely efficient and we were out and on our way within moments. I would recommend this hotel to pretty much about anyone. Don't expect a Hilton, but you do get just about what you pay for and for the location that's worth more than anything else.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great Value	With free parking, a simple, but decent continental breakfast, courteous and responsive staff, good location and acceptable rooms, the Buena Vista is one of the best values in San Francisco. We'd definitely consider staying there again if we were driving; for us the free parking was a deciding factor. The breakfast was better than we expected -- fresh pastries, good coffee and decent orange juice. Our first room was OK, but we switched to a larger room which was very nice. Can't say enough about the friendly, courteous staff.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great place to stay	This hotel has a good location, close to one of the cable car lines and to the &quot;world crookiest street&quot;. The staff is very helpful, the bedroom is spacious and clean. They offer free parking, which is very important if you go to San Francisco by car, although their parking lot is not so big (which may be a problem in busy times). We didn't have, however, any difficulties to park - there was always free parking places. They also offer a free breakfast buffet which, although simple, was good enough for out needs. Don't expect luxuries, but instead a very good value for money you pay.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great !!!	Excellent service, very good location (lombard st). Not a luxory hotel but it's ok. Complimentary continental breakfast (like coffee, juice, muffins and some fruits). The staff is very helpul and friendly. Close to fishermans' warf and other point of interest in SF. Nice view of the Golden Gate Bridge on 3rd floor terrace. A lot of info and cuppons available at lobby. Wi- Fi service. No parking fee. Good price.	
Dec 25 2008 	Best deal in SF!!!	Unbelievable value!!! This was my second stay here - I got the room for $50 a night on Expedia, and I couldn't have been happier. Great neighborhood - a short walk or bus/cab ride to TONS of restaurants, stores etc. FREE PARKING right off Lombard St. near the Chestnut St. shopping area, HUGE rooms, heating/cooling good, great shower pressure - all those little nuisances of budget hotels are nowhere to be found here. When I checked in, I realized the tv wasn't working, and went out for dinner and came back to a working set. I requested and got a king smoking room, desk staff was quite helpful, housekeepers were very nice, danish/croissants, coffee and oj are the breakfast - totally acceptable. This place is a winner!	
Dec 9 2008 	Good location...I guess...	I shouldn't too harsh a review, as when I reached San Fran I saw hotels and inns that looked a lot worse...but Buena Vista wasn't really anything to write home about.It's in the midst of being repainted, and after 15 mins the smell of paint was getting to me.I'm not a hotel snob, but the place was creepy, and I imagine it's a bit of a hangout for crack dealers. I didn't feel like my belongings were overly safe... - speaking of 'safe', there wasn't one in the room, sadly.Smoking in rooms. I wish this wasn't allowed. There were burns on the blankets and on some of the sheets. I didn't feel the bed was overly clean. (If I could have worn gloves the entire time I was in the hotel then I would have!)That said, it was a short walk to Fort Mason - great view of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge...there's a Safeway down there too...and it was a short walk to the famous wonky street.By the way, when/if you check-in, they may tell you when their complimentary breakfast is seved. It's an OJ machine, some coffee, some dodgy looking fruit and a little muffin if you're lucky. Joy.	
Oct 25 2008 	Four visitiors from UK found this well situated and good value	Following a cruise we returned to spend three nights in San Francisco before returning home. Party of four we had two double rooms. The locality was excellent for getting round. The staff were very helpful. This hotel is not luxurious but is extremely good value. The rooms had been newly carpeted and were of a reasonable size. TV, coffee machine, hair dryer and and ironing facilites all available in room. The bathrooms were clean and again met all our needs. Having stayed in far more expensive accommodation who do not supply a free breakfast the fruit, coffee/orange and pastries were very welcome and freshly delivered. I would recommend as a good base at a sensible price, if you want luxury you have the choice of a host of centrally based hotels all of which will cost a great deal more than this friendly facility. If I have any negative comments it would be that the pillows could be a little more comfy. The hotel is situated on a very busy road so the front rooms can be a bit noisy but no more so than others in the area. The rooms were clearly marked no smoking and we had no unpleasant smells as reported by another visitor.	
Oct 15 2008 	Stinky rooms	The location of this hotel is the only thing i liked about the place. Firstly the room we had just reeked of cigarette smoke even after spraying half a can of deoderant around. Second the hotel is old and has been done up (if you could say that) very cheaply. Third the breakfast was okay but they ran out of coffee and some of the pastries were old. The guy at the front desk was friendly enough but didnt do any extra to make your stay easier he just wasnt that helpful and only did what he had to. If i was to come back to America and go back to San Francisco i would personally spend a bit more to stay at another hotel.	
Sep 16 2008 	Ok for overnight stay	ok hotel for one night within walking distance of pier 39.carpets could do with a clean, but everything else ok. guy on front desk very helpful as our hire car was broken into whilst in the underground carpark fortunately nothing taken and car was replaced with new one, but helpful staff helped us.	
Aug 26 2008 	Good price/quality hotel	Not easy to find a reasonable priced hotel with private parking and good location in SF, but the Buena Vista Motor Inn was quite comfortable. Parking lot is not that big, but we were able to park the car, they have small and bigger parking spaces.Located on Lombard Street, this hotel is in walking distance of Fishermans Wharf, trolley and bus stops.Room was nice decorated, with 2 queens. Ask for a room at the back because traffic can be noisy on Lombard Street.Breakfast was of a standard quality, nothing fancy but ok, and don't go to late to the lobby because you will ran out of danish and croissants.	
Jul 22 2008 	Needs some work	We stayed here end of June beginning of July. Location is good, but the hotel needs some work. Despite all buildings meant to be smoke free the stairs stunk of smoke (not from the fires). No problems with bugs and we did stay in 2 different rooms, as we had gone to Yosemite for a few days as well. The staff were friendly, if not sometimes clueless (not knowing how to open the safety deposit box was classic as I was boiling hot (no Air con in the lobby)). Breakfast as previously commented was pastries but there Safeway and IHOP can be walked to. The first room there was a small amount of mould on the shower curtain and the vents were filthy. The second room had been repainted, but done in a hurry and there was paint on the curtains and the bathroom door looked like someone had tried to kick them open from the inside. Also part of a carpet was missing. Overall Okay for a motel, decent selection of TV channels for once in an American hotel but make sure you have a third floor room, away from the ice machine and away from the main road. At least our fire alarm did not go off at 3 am unlike some fellow travelers who stayed at the Hilton Fisherman's Wharf.	
Jun 12 2008 	Buena Vista is good European 2 * hotel style!	We stayed at the BV some years ago, and honestly forgot about it while getting caught up in the frenzy of trying to find a deal at a 4* SF hotel closer to the Embarcadero. Well, all was either sold out, OR wanting higher bids..when we remembered the BV! Still mostly the same, BUT now they have the continental bkfast!! OJ, coffee, croissants, muffins (sometimes), and other assorted pastries (NOT Paris quality!:) and apples/bananas! Rooms are basic, but perfectly suitable. We got a king bed, a/c, openable windows to the back (preferred, as Lombard St. is noisy and to the front) for the AAA rate of $125 +tax. We had forgotten that it was AAA and 10% disc. would apply, so the front desk guy went back in time:) and gave us the deal for both nights!! VERY helpful staff!! AND, computer access (free!) next to the breakfast area! AND, they'll let you print out your boarding pass thru their printer!! NO extra fees!! NOT luxury, but definitely NOT buggy!! IMPT. to me, having had a prob. in San Diego!!	
May 16 2008 	I recommend the Buena Vista Motor Inn great for sightseer's	Difficult to know what to say, I must say I had read the reviews from earlier in the year before travelling, although they were written after I had booked 7 nights here, so I was a bit unsure as to what to expectWe knew it wasn't going to be 5 star accommodation, but our rooms were faultless. Cleaned everyday, great job by the maids. The breakfasts were rather basic, croissants and cold/hot drinks etc. Yes, the carpets and other furniture items are beginning to show there age, but not an issue. Only in the hotel to sleep!You might get to your room and be disappointed to find that you don't have any sort of view from your window, but that is a good thing. I slept with no problems during my stay, I did not hear any traffic noise whatsoever during the night except a fire truck or police car siren, which only happened onceThe reception staff were really helpful and friendly, no complaints thereGood location to get to Fisherman's Wharf (either on foot or by cable car. It's a 10 minute walk up the hill to get to the Cable Car, which can also take you Union Square. A large Safeways store is also a 5-10 minute walk awayIf you want somewhere good near to the hotel to have dinner, you must go to Cafe Lombard which is just a block or two up the street on the other side, they do mostly Italian dishes, but we went there twice! I can't comment on their breakfast menu sadlyI would definitely go back to this hotel	
May 12 2008	Totally ok	I spent there 3 nights in the begining of May, nice hotel, just few block uphill to famous Lombard street, the same walking distance to Fisherman Wharf, rooms were cleaned, front staff very polite and helpful. Free access to computer in a lobby. Breakfast maybe not interesting (just donats and crossaints), but wake up coffee is there, and free covered parking can allowed to forget about breakfast.I'd come back again, good spot.	
May 2 2008 	good value great location	The buena vista has mixed but consistent reviews. Firstly it is NOT the Marriott and no they do not do english breakfast. However this is a tidy convenient motel which you should use as a B and B. There is nothing else in the hotel except reasonably clean rooms. Breakfast is included but consists of croissant, other pastries. orange juice,tea and coffee. That's it, so dont ask for more. If you are hungry turn right out of hotel go up hill 300 yards and cross over to the cafe (that's what my son did) In reception there is a pc where u can access the web freeThe location is everything=I was on crutches at time but could still walk to Ghiradelli square, and the busy Polk street. I also got up the hill to see crooked street (very near by if you survive the hill) Please note that you cannot walk to Union Square from the hotel nor China Town even if you are Seb Coe. Once you get to Ghiradelli of course the Wharf is quite close. There was a fair bit of tourist crap here but we loved itDo's=Definitely Al Catraz, repeat definitely. On crutches so we also did a bus tour and this stopped at the Gate and Twin Peaks, hippyville and many others. Twin Peaks was obscured by fog which is a feature of this city, sunshine one minute then fog, maybe some rain,then sunshine again. Do a bus tour if you are short on time. Go to the Wharf and try the seafood, see the seals etc, its all pretty walkable. The chocolate at Ghiradelli is amazingDonts - very few, except the new yorkers told us the shopping in SF was average (well they would of course) but our girls (all 17) loved SF, its a wonderful city full of contrast and fun. One tip- if you want to ride the cable car dont do it at peak times - we queued for about 1 hour to get on at Ghiradelli and we didnt see much on way to Powell street, but its worth it especially if you can hang off side, otherwise you see zip. Second tip- if you are going out in evening in March/April take a light jumper or you WILL regret it. Third tip- try Polk street for reasonably priced food which will not break your wallet. Finally try the Buena Vista and remember what you are paying for - in our case $400 for 6 people with breakfast for 2 nights Enjoy	
Mar 28 2008 	Location Good	The hotel lobby needs a major cleaning and fix-up. Booked a great rate through Expedia and had no problems. The rooms are older but clean. There were some ants in the room. The location was great.	
Jan 28 2008	Bed Bugs and Ants	The ants didn't bother me. It was the bed bugs I detested.Before staying at the Buena Vista I didn't know what a bed bug looked. But the spots on my arms that looked like flea bites kept appearing after I got home. So I googled them.Yep, sure enough! Up popped a photo of the same type of bug that I had killed after I found it crawling on my husband's pillow while we were staying at the Buena Vista this January 2008!I ordered some all natural bed bug powder to dust all over my house. Even my kids are showing up with the spots.When I called the hotel after I got home to tell them about it they said they would block off that room. But when I called a day or two later there was someone in that room. It doesn't matter if they block off and treat one room. They've got to do the entire premises.	
Jan 27 2008 	Good Value for your money	Loved the location. Fishermans Wharf was a 30 minute walk away--mind you it is over the hill so you had to be a ready to walk. But the walk was interesting with it varied shops &amp; restaurants and architecture. Service was casual and friendly at the front desk. Our room was on the quiet back side of the building so we did not hear the street noise. Not many rooms have a view but ours did overlooking some gardens.Nice sized room with a very comfortable bed &amp; pillows. Clean bathroom and lots of hot water. The free breakfast &amp; enclosed parking were added bonuses. That adds up to a good value in my book.	
Jan 5 2008 	good location	this is not a bad place to stay,but it's not great either. located on lombard street,it's a good place for getting around from.rooms are a good size,ours was clean but a little dated and we had no problems with noise from the street and you can't fault it for value.however do not expect a warm welcome or a hearty breakfast,you will be dissapointed.the 'breakfast 'was a dry old roll and coffee out of a vending machine in a small area next to the check in desk,we did'nt bother at all the next day.you need to check that you have been charged the rate you agreed if you pre book as we were overcharged by $10 per room per night. i was told they would credit my account later that day.it did'nt happen so after no response to my 1st e-mail i sent another. my reply was 2 statements showing that they had now dealt with it,nothing else,no apology,thanks or anything else that would have shown a bit of courtesy.to sum up it's a good value and well located hotel to crash,just don't expect much in the way of service.	
Dec 30 2007 	Good value for money	We flew to San Francisco from London for Christmas to stay with my parents in Sacramento. This time we were flying with an 11 month old infant. Rather than drive straight through after a 10 hour flight, we decided to relax in San Francisco. I chose this hotel due to it's location to the Wharf, the free parking and the price. Considering this hotel is in a good location and there's free parking, it is great value for money. The staff were very friendly and the room was very clean. The only downside was that our room was right on the Lombard Street side. However, the curtains muffled the traffic noise pretty well and we were extremely jet lagged, i could have slept through anything. I would recommend this place for a quick stop over in SF. It is very convenient!	
Dec 17 2007 	Fantastic!	Wow. I'm from Singapore and I was absolutely impressed with the place! There's free breakfast with muffins and bread which were pretty delicious coupled with the orange juice. Parking wasn't a problem, plenty of space. Close proximity to the Colt Tower and Fisherman's Wharf which makes it even more attractive. I recommend staying in this inn if you have a car and if you have a budget. =)	
Nov 2 2007 	Love this place!	Wasn't expecting this to be good as it was cheap for San Fran, but it's a little gem! Short walk to bus stop that takes to you everywhere. Just around the corner from some fab reastaurants and little bars, so no need to go into town.Felt very safe round here.Hotel is basic, but big, quiet, clean rooms. Some are smoking rooms, but couldn't smell stale smoke. Big bonus - 15 minutes free internet access in the hotel lobby! Reception staff very helpful - its all good!	
Nov 2 2007 	Affordable clean and well located	The Lombard St. section of Highway 101 through the Marina/Cow Hollow neighborhoods of San Francisco is a goldmine of bargain accomodations. There are a number of reasonably refurbished motels along the strip which offer to make a stay in San Francisco much more affordable than the Nob Hill/Union Square hotels.The Buena Vista is a great example. Only two blocks from Van Ness, and therefore close to Fishermens Wharf and the cable cars, it's a good base for touring San Francisco. Having free parking under the building is a plus (the Comfort Inn up the street charges $26/night for parking). The rooms are large and clean. While the rooms facing Lombard have some street noise, the windows keep out most of the sound and many are bay windows. Housekeeping is attentive and thorough.Away from Lombard, the neighborhood is residential. Union Street, two blocks south is full of shops and neighborhood cafes. Chestnut Street, a block north has become more dominated by upscale chains. But walking in any direction is a great stroll through neighborhood San Francisco.	
Sep 23 2007 	Great Location but traffic noise	Stayed here September 17th - 21st 2007Great location, Clean good sized room &amp; bathroomWould stay here again,Good value.On site self car parking, great feature in this cityBe aware of traffic noise, from busy section of Lombard Street	
Aug 27 2007 	A nice change.	My girfriend and I stayed the 2 previous nights at the Greenwich Inn. This place was much nicer and more comfortable. We wished we had stayed here instead.Pros: - big room- big bed- padded carpet floor (a treat for tired feet after days of walking)- very clean- decent price with RoomSaver coupon.- our room had a big bay window with big lounging pillow.Cons:- traffic noise pretty constant.- parking is tight if you don't get there before everyone else. I barely managed to wedge my car into one of the remaining spots.	
Aug 13 2007 	Value for money	The Buena Vista hotel is an inexpensive option for people who want to see the sights of San Fran on a budget. Located 10min walk to Fishermans Wharf , cable car stop, and a few block (all be it stright up hill) to the crocked section of Lombard St. Although the hotel decor is mid-80's in appearence, it's clean and smells fresh. They offer a standard continental breakfast which is a take or leave option. I recommed the cycle from Fishermans Wharf over the Golden Gate to Sausillito or round to Tiburon if you're game.	
Aug 2 2007 	Ok but dated Motel.	Stayed here for 3 nights in September, and booked direct with the hotel for a reasonable rate. The room was large with a large bathroom, but had quite dated decor and fittings, although it was clean. The front of the Motel is on a busy road (Lombard St) which was quite noisy from early in the morning until late at night, so try to book a room at the back of the hotel.The location was a 10 minute walk from the bay area where there are many restaurants, although the area around the pier 39 is a bit tacky. It was more difficult to get to the city centre (without a car) so we ended up in taxi's (about $20). Overall an OK Motel, but I would stay somewhere else if we ever went back to San Francisco.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great location large room	The room was large and clean, although the hotel looked as though it had not been decorated too recently (paint coming off a little on bathroom door, etc.). There was a wet towel on the bathroom floor when we arrived, but the room was cleaned thoroughly while we were there. Parking was in an underground garage below the hotel, with a lift/elevator straight up to the rooms. There was a snack vending machine in the corridor and a drinks one on another floor. Breakfast was served in the lobby (rolls, fruit and orange juice) and there were only a few seats so we either had to wait for a seat or take the breakfast up to our room. Free Internet access is available in the lobby. The hotel is within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf. The location was also handy for other sights within a short driving distance (Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, Twin Peaks). Downtown is a bit of a walk but there are things to do and see on the way (allow a few hours). Of course, it's also possible to get a cable car from Fisherman's Wharf. For places to eat in the evening, the Union Street shops are a 5-minute walk.	
Jul 9 2007 	Not a great place to stay	This place is falling apart...was once a nice little place to stay but not now. Lobby was shabby and dirty, room was not better...there was mold in the tub, no movies here to buy on cable, iron in room was broke....etc. For the $160 they charged per night ( with a AAA card), I would not go back...there is a very nice small, totally remodeled motel two blocks down that we should have stayed at for the same price and most definitly will next time...It is called Hotel Del Sol...check it out, thehoteldelsol.com....much, much better for the $$$$.	
Jul 9 2007	Good location big room	Chose this place because of the Trip Advisor reviews after my first choice The Greenwich Inn was either full or just un co-operative, it was very difficult to tell as the staff were so indifferent. However the BVMI was much better, staff were friendly and we managed to strike a deal on a room price ($11 Sat, $104 Sun and $64 Mon with a coupon from the Roomsaver Guide). Motel’s most attractive point for us was the free parking underneath of which there was probably just enough, it was a bit tight down there though! Room was really big with a king size bed that was comfortable and what looked like a new carpet. Coffee makers and ironing boards means the rooms are well spec’d but no safe if you feel you need one. Our room was a bit gloomy, partly due to poor lighting, but also because the only window looked out onto a narrow passageway between buildings. Although other rooms that I spied whilst the cleaners were in looked brighter! Lovely orange juice and pretty good selection of doughnuts and muffins for breakfast (included in the price but no coffee in the lobby). I did feel that the hotel smelt a little strange in the lobby and some of the corridors though. Public areas – stairs and corridors also suffered a bit from gloominess and would probably benefit from a lick of paint. Having said al that, it was a very walkable (about 10 mins) distance from Fisherman’s Wharf area and one of the Cable Car turnarounds, so you could get pretty much everywhere really easily. A bit further up the road is a Travelodge which also looked really nice. 6/10	
Jun 23 2007	Great hotel for the price	Read on a SF forum that this is one of the best low priced hotels in the city so stopped to check it out. Very satisfied with spacious room. Friendly staff, clean, free internet, coffee maker, hairdryer, iron, free parking and good location make this hotel a good find! The room was facing Lombard St. but as a first timer to SF enjoyed people watching and didn't mind any extra noice from the street.	
May 18 2007 	Great for the price	Stayed for 3 nights in April. Arrived late but had no problems at all. Parking was fine - always got a space. Great location for Fishermans Wharf etc and easy to return from downtown via cable car then a short walk downhill. Breakfast was ok to get you started. Stayed at the back and didn't hear any noise. Would stay there again.	
Apr 1 2007 	Above expectation	I stayed at Buena Vista Inn in March 2007. This place does not look impressive from the outside as it is just one of twenty or so motor inns in the area. However I was pleasantly surprised and had a great experience staying there. The positives-The rooms are clean and interior well decorated (comparable to 3-star hotel). -I was extremely impressed with the service. The front desk staff on the weekend was so polite and helpful, not seen even in 5-star hotel. -Initially I had some concern with the location as it was much less central than expected. However after some exploring I realized Fisherman Wharf is only 20 minutes walk away, and major bus stop with buses to Fisherman Wharf, Chinatown or downtown etc. is only ONE block away. The buses (47,49) run every 5 min during the day and slightly less frequently at night. Very convenient. The cable car is also only 2-3 blocks away.-The continental breakfast was nice that included juice, drinks, cereal and fresh Danish and muffins!-Complementary in room internetThe negatives-The motel is located on Lambert Street, a very busy 6 lane state highway/street. Initially I got a room that faced the street and it was only meters from major traffic. Fortunately the very helpful staff then gave me a room the faced the other side instead which was totally quiet. -Despite being close to public transport and a major highway, it is less convenient than staying in hotels in Fisherman Wharf or Downtown. But if you have a car it’s probably not a problem. After all it is a motor inn. Did I mention FREE parking? Still public transport is close by, cheap ($1.25 for 2 hours) and accessible.I would recommend this for others as it exceeded all my expectation of a motor inn. I have nothing but praise to say about this place.	
Mar 20 2007	Buena bono	Stayed on a sun &amp; mon for $74/night - good location (near Lombard &amp; Van Ness), walkable distance to the wharf - pier 39. Trolley is not to far. Rooms are big, a little old, bathroom was clean, tub could be in better condition. We had a room away from the traffic which was quiet. Breakfast was ok - danish, croissants, apple, banana, and OJ. Free internet access. Best part, free parking, did not have a problem finding a spot. Book early to Alcatraz or it may sell out. For us, sold out monday morning by 10:00 am.	
Mar 4 2007 	Great location!	Great location! The rooms were very nice and cozy. I would have preferred to have a room on the street vs. one in the back of the hotel looking at a brick wall. The parking was great and best of all it was free which is rare for San Francisco. The hotel staff was very courteous and friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel for those that are on a budget.	
Nov 17 2006 	Good place to stay	Date: October 15-20Reviewer: Wellington, New ZealandWe stayed here for 5 nights. Very handy to Fisherman's Wharf (20min walk). Room spacious and clean. We had a room at the back, which was very quiet. Bus route close by. Also, laudromat just round the corner. Not that many restaurants near by, but as we had a 4 day bus pass, we just got on and off buses as we pleased. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 2 2006 	Ok place to stay ....	Ok place to stay, close to Fisherman's Wharf, room and bathroom clean, limited breakfast, don't stay in a room on the street side - sounds like a race track in the mornings	
Sep 28 2006 	good little Motel for the price	I stayed at the Buena Vista for 5 days following a cruise. I called the motel directly and asked for a better rate than was offered on the internet and was given a few dollars off each night. Better than nothing! The room was average, but for the price I paid I did not expect anything more. There was some problem with a breakfast shortage, ie: nothing left one morning, and the offerings were coffee and donuts / muffins so we didn't miss much. One morning we found out why the breakfast was going short of food. Some people were taking 4 or 5 donuts instead of considering that there may be someone else who would like a little bite to eat in the morning. The motel is in Cow Hollow, and about 2 blocks away is a great street to walk (uphill) for dinner. Ask the desk clerk and they will give you suggestions where to eat within walking distance. My husband and I walked to Fisherman's Wharf every day, a good walk not overly hilly. Our room was beside the elevator but we did not hear any noise coming into our room. The most bothersome noise was from the street but we just turned on our a.c. to fan only and that drowned out the street noise. There is a nice little sunroom on the top floor but it is very hot if the sun is out, so much that we could not sit there. All in all, if you are looking for a good little hotel in an expensive city, try this one.	
Aug 29 2006	Superb Location!!!	A couple of weeks ago, we stayed at this hotel with friends. The rooms are clean and spacyous. The rooms include high speed internet access if you have a laptop. But if you don't have a laptop, the hotel allows free use of internet access in the lobby for 15 minutes. Fisherman's Wharf is just 15 minutes walking distance away. Public transits are conveniently acessible from this hotel if you don't have access to a car. I will stay her again my next trip.	
Aug 21 2006 	OK and cheap for San Francisco	We were looking for a cheaper hotel in the marina district and not looking for anything more than a clean place to sleep at night. This hotel was ok - older, but for the price you can't really complain. Free Internet in your hotel room is a plus.	
Aug 10 2006 	OK for the price	We chose this hotel mostly because of it’s free parking garage. I was really not willing to pay 10 $ per day just for a parking space and that eliminated most of the hotels in the city. The pictures of the hotels homepage seemed ok and the area was not to far from city center. The hotel staff was friendly and the room seemed to be clean, we had nothing to complain. The breakfast though is a joke, as it consists of a basket full of muffins and Danish in the lobby with some orange juice. But it’s OK as a pre-breakfast-snack ;o) Nowadays you shouldn’t expect much of a hotel-breakfast, anyway. All in all we were content with our stay and thank to our AAA membership we had a pretty good price (compared to other SFO hotels) of 74,- USD plus 10,- USD tax. The hotel is nothing special but good for budget-travelers and I would go there again, and if it’s just for the free parking!	
Jun 19 2006	Great Budget Accommodation	If you want a small budget sized no frills hotel that offers a resonable level of service then this is for you. The rooms were large and the housekeeping very good. The front desk service was always helpful and friendly with good advice. Traffic noise was not as bad as expected and nor was the beds. Only minus was the &quot;continental&quot; breakfast American style which differed somewhat from what we experienced in other countries. Too sweet for our taste.Overall a great experience and well located although being closer to eateries would have been appreciated. Can recommend the Liquor Store accross the road. Their staff were great!	
May 3 2006 	Great Hotel!	I came to San Francisco for a trade show in town, and stayed at Buena Vista Motor Inn for a few nights. This hotel is a interior Corridor hotel with indoor parking garage. The staff is courtieous and friendly. The room price was affordable for me with free parking. Rooms are spacious and clean with comfortable bed. The room was equipped with AC and heating and high speed internet access which was free. However, I did not get to enjoy this because I did not have my laptop. But I did get to use the internet in the lobby which was free for 15 minutes. It was not noisy at all because I had a room that was away from all the traffic. Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to San Francisco.	
May 1 2006	Neglected and dirty	Just stayed at this hotel. The website portrayed a nice clean room and these are not! Mold in the shower, old shower curtains, ragged towels, old blankets with cigarette burns, old furniture, torn up carpet. Our room was noisy as it was across from the ice maker. The garage was nice. The employees were nice but definetly NOT worth $100 a night!! This hotel needs a good cleaning and updating.	
Mar 30 2006	Got sent down the street!	We planned to stay there for 2 nights with our kids. Got there are noon to check in and the lady at the desk told us that check in was not until 3:00. After asking if we could leave our bags behind the counter she hesitated at first but then agreed. The parking garage was 2 flights down and we did not want to drag them down again.We came back at 3:30 to check in and was greeted by a different person. He told us that they had overbooked and that we would have to move to the Star Motel 3 blocks down. He said it was a similar hotel and the cost would be the same. The manager was not available to talk to.Since we had pre-bought tickets at Alcatraz for 4:40 we had not time to complain and as it was we almost missed the ferry.The room was not the same as the Buena Vista because the exterior doors were leading to outdoors and they charged us at a higher rate as to what we were getting at the Buena Vista.Based on our experience, The Buena Vista Motor Inn does not value their customers and I would advise booking else where.	
Mar 22 2006	Good and clean hotel	This is a very good and clean hotel. The bed are queen beds, not double beds like other 3 stars hotel. The breakfast is just little but enough for breakfast. Be carefull when you request a refrigerator, they charge $10 per night. That is over price.	
Feb 15 2006 	A Gem Hotel	My wife and I came to San Francisco for business purposes. I have stayed at many hotels in San Francisco within Lombard Street, and this is by far the best hotel I have stayed at. When I checked in, I was greeted by a warm, welcoming, friendly clerk. Rooms were nice, clean and comfortable. Parking is free and inside a garage with surveillence for security. You can actually leave your car in the garage and go to Fisherman's Wharf, which is walking distance from Buena Vista Motor Inn. There are many restaurants nearby if you don't want to walk too far. Since I was in town for business, the FREE HIGH SPEED INTERNET ACCESS in room was very Helpful. This hotel has some of the features of a top elite hotel at a reasonably and affordable price. I was able to invite over business friends to conduct business on the rooftop sundeck of the hotel in private! If you are a business person and coming to San Francisco, staying at this hotel is a great investment for you because it has all the amenities a business person needs to conduct business. So if you are considering staying in San Francisco, I really recommend Buena Vista Motor Inn!	
Oct 30 2005	Unless you're paying the SAVER rate it's not worth it	We stayed at the Buena Vista Motor Inn for 8 days and if we were not paying the discounted rate I would have felt ripped off. I believe it is barely worth the discounted rate. There are numerous nicer motels or motor inns on the same street that it would be worth it to pay the extra money. The plus about the hotel is that it is in a good location and close to public transportation. It does have free parking, but so do most motor inns nearby.The hotel just had a feeling of neglect. Bedding- Cigarette holes in the bedspread, holes in the sheets and were not changed. Towels- Threadbare and old, Drapes- Filthy and holes. The continental breakfast one morning conisted of a banana in a bowl and a rock hard muffin. When I go back to San Francisco I would stay in the same area, but would definitely not stay at the Buena Vista Motor Inn.	
Oct 28 2005	Not bad for the price	Rooms at front overlooking the street are airy and light but fairly noisy (shut the window and put the A/C on to drown the noise out). Rooms at the rear are much quieter but with less windows, they are slightly dismal. The rooms are adequately sized and all the light and shower fittings were in working order. The bright, clean bathroom was fully equipped including hairdryer. Linen and carpets were clean but our non-smoking room smelled of stale smoke despite the best efforts of the maid with the air-freshener. Reception staff were friendly, efficient &amp; helpful although a little neurotic about you parking EXACTLY between the lines in the cramped carpark. But then again, the carpark was a big bonus in San Francisco. Free Internet in reception.	
Oct 22 2005	Good basic lodging	I wanted a place in San Francisco that would be easily accessible to touristy locations without being in the middle of the touristy areas. The Buena Vista provided good, safe and basic lodging at a reasonable price. There was parking for my car...there weren't enough spaces to go around, but they had me double-park in the garage and leave my keys with them so they could move my car if needed. They had high speed internet access. The room was clean and, as a single female traveler, I felt perfectly safe. I was on a smoking floor and although my room didn't smell like cigarettes, the hallway did (partly because the door was always propped open onto the rooftop deck on this floor where people would go outside to smoke). Due to the traffic on Lombard, I did need earplugs to sleep (even though I was in a room on the side of the building), but the only noise I heard from other guests was water running through the pipes when they were in the shower. The hotel is also easily within walking distance of Fisherman's Wharf. This hotel will save you money (especially if you have a car) and will get you away from the throngs of tourists in the more touristy areas.	
Oct 9 2005	Returned for the second year running	Started out a 3 week touring holiday of California at the Buena Vista. We stayed here last year and thought it was excellent value for money and a good location. Bonus is the free car park, although it can be cramped at times they make sure everyone can get in. The staff on reception are very helpful and friendly. If you are looking for a small, good value, clean, friendly hotel, close to all the major attractions this one comes recommended.	
Oct 6 2005	Great Location 	The Buena Vista could use some updates, it is slightly outdated and could be described as dingy by some, but for the price it was great. The location is very central to everything and to save on parking made the Buena Vista a very desirable place to stay. If you are planning on seeing and experiencing the city, and would like to use the extra money on something that has nothing to do with a hotel room, the Buena Vista is for you. If you are looking to be catered in an modern hotel, then look elsewhere. The in room DSL and contintental breakfast were nice touches as well.If you enjoy to walk or jog this hotel was great. It was 1/4 mile from the Marina and you did not have to climb any large hills to get there.	
Aug 12 2005	Never Again.....	We stayed here for 3 nights and it was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. I was looking to save some money.....and you do get what you pay for. For approx. $99- you get FREE parking and that's about it. The lobby is extremely worn and dirty looking. It had a stale musky smell and the carpets were in dire need of vacuuming/cleaning.The room itself was a relative dive. The wallpaper around the window was torn back all the way around the window and all the mold was exposed. Black nasty mold that made you keep the curtains closed. There was no lock on the window nor was there a screen. View on the odd numbered rooms is the side of building next door...about 8' away. The bedspread had at least 30 cigarette burns on it (at last count) and it was a non-smoking room. Just overall disgusting for my tastes. Next time I will spend a little more money for a better room. The staff were very courteous and pleasant. I don't think its their fault the owners run such a dirty establishment. On a scale of 1-10 (with 10 being excellent) this would rate a negative -5 IMO. But that's just it..........my opinion.	
Jul 22 2005	Loved it!!	We stayed at Buena Vista Motor Inn for two nights in June and again in July, at the beginning and end of a round trip in California. And we were more than satisfied. Our room was great, clean and comfortable and the staff - Ken and Bernard in particular - was more than helpful and friendly. It is about 20 minutes walk from the central part of Fisherman's Wharf, cable cars, Alcatraz ferry etc. Sure, the parking lot is small, but it is free and according to the staff they will always be able to fit in a car per room even if it means double parking and leaving the keys at the front desk for them to move the car if necessary.There is a coffee maker in the room to keep you going until breakfast. The breakfast - muffins, pastry, fruit and juice - they serve at this hotel is neither better nor worse than so many other continental breakfasts at motels in California (according to our three weeks of experience). And up the road on the left side of the street is a great place for a freshly cooked breakfast, the Lombard Cafe. And going left maybe six blocks down the street from the hotel is Mel's Diner, a typical American diner with typical diner fare - and the best milk shakes we tasted in California.Buena Vista Motor Inn is highly recommended - we loved our stay there!	
Jul 9 2005	Great place Great location!	Stayed at his hotel for the 4th of July weekend with my family and everything was great.The room was as we had requested it, it was very clean with good furniture, it had a fridge for beverages and snacks.We made coffee in the room and bought some breakfast items in the deli near by. In the lobby there was lots of juice and some pastries early in the morning and a computer to check email if needed to. The parking garage was a good help since that is expensive in big cities.The staff was helpful and friendly, (Thanks Ped and J for all your help, keep the good work)The location was excelent, very short drive from everything and just 3 blocks from Union St. with restaurants galore, strongly recomend the Restaurant Luisa`s, small italian, very charming and great food.As a Hotel Manager myself I really recomend this place. If you are planning a family get away siteseeing trip on a budget and you want to explore local restaurants and visit the city atractions, this is the perfect place. Their rates are great.	
May 24 2005	mattress was very hard	We stayed one night. The only problem that we really had was the mattress. We don't like hard mattresses so we had a hard time sleeping! The desk clerk was very nice. The parking was free. We had high speed internet access in our room and we were able to walk to Fisherman's Wharf.	
May 14 2005	Good value for $75/night	We stayed two night May 3-4/05. Parking is OK for a small car and free. The staff were all more than helpful and very friendly. Our room was on the 3 rd floor rear and was quite large and quiet. We were able to walk to the Wharf area with no problems. The hotel is clean and the mustiness of the previous reviewer was not detectable by us. The breakfast was coffee, muffins and fresh fruit. A very good value for the money.	
May 4 2005	Disappointing	We chose this hotel after reading good reviews and were extremely disappointed. This was by far the worst accommodation in our entire trip.Upon entering the inn it smelt stale and looked very tired and dated. Things didn't improve upon entering our small family suite with strips of wallpaper hanging off the wall and a very musty odour. The floors and couch looked as if they had not been cleaned in a long, long time. One of the beds pulled down into the living area, which made it somewhat difficult. The room was also very noisy being on the corner of two busy streets.The complimentary breakfast was a joke. We managed to actually get something to eat and drink only once in a 4-night stay and with 2 children this was frustrating. Breakfast was from 7-10, however, by 8.15 there was nothing left and depleted supplies were not replenished. Having to go elsewhere for breakfast was an added expense. I would rather pay a higher rate for clean, quiet, comfortable accommodation. The only thing the Buena Vista Motor Inn had going for it was courteous staff.	
Apr 25 2005	Has its minuses!	This motel has a free garage which is reasonably large.The rooms are relatively clean. People who worked there were on the friendly side. Unfortunately, the beds are very uncomfortable. They claim that there is breakfast, but there is no breakfast except for a box of sweets that is left out there for the whole week. This is all I can say about this place.	
Apr 9 2005	Best cost benefit 	We are Brazilians and have already traveled to many American cities. On March 2005 we stayed in Buena Vista Motor Inn, for 6 days (U$74,00 plus tax per day). We place this hotel between those who presents the best cost benefit amongst the various hotels located in more than 10 American cities that we have already visited (like New York, Boston, New Orleans, Atlanta, Miami, Orlando, Carmel, Monterey, Los Angeles, San Diego, Napa Valley, Calistoga, etc).Amongst the positive points we can detach:Cleanness (particularly the bathroom), very comfortable room, cordiality of its employees, proximity of tourist points of San Francisco, free and covered parking, PC with fast internet on lobby (you have 15 minutes to use free), internet access in the room (must bring your notebook), a trolley in the garage to take in and out your luggage (you only think about it when you need it), elevator (to all levels included the garage), 24 hour front desk, access for disabled people from the street until your room. Amongst the negative points we only consider that there is no refrigerator in the room and the fact that to be near of some tourist points made you think that its easy to go everywhere on foot but cause the mountainous characteristic of the city this can turn your walk a little bit tiring. Even so this last problem is not guilt of the hotel but we think should be considered for people who cares about walking.You certainly will find other cheaper hotels in the region (because there is various) but I believe that in the end you are going to find more negative points. In our stay (and its important when you travel) there was no single problem related to the hotel.In summary: We liked very much and we do recommend it.	
Mar 12 2005	A Perfect Hotel for under $80.00	This was one of the best budget hotels that I have ever stayed in. It has many more pluses than minuses. Still, I will list both so you can make an informed decision.PLUSES:1) Under $80 (At least it was in March, 2005)2) FREE Parking (Almost all of the hotels in S.F. charge $20-$30 a night)3) FREE Internet (Almost all of the hotels in S.F. charge around $8 a night)4) The housekeeping is great. 5.) The interior conditions of the hotel are good. No cracks in the walls..stains..etc. All looks relatively new or at least relatively repaired.6.) The staff is very friendly. MINUSES1) The closest public transportation is 2 blocks away. 2) It is located within walking distance to a couple of attractions, however, walking distance is quite large, usually 1.5 - 3 miles. To get to the downtown, Union Sq area, it takes about 15, 20 min on the bus. Transportation in S.F. is great by the way.3) Continental Breakfast includes sweets and bananas only. 4) There is no laundry in the hotel. Although there are drycleaners a block away. Overall, the hotel has given me a very positeve experience and I would definately stay here again. This is why I give it an Excellent raiting.	
Feb 24 2005	Good Price Good Location Good Hotel	This was our first trip to San Francisco and we chose this hotel based on the reviews from TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed. If you want lots of extras, this isn't the place for you, but it is a very basic hotel with everything you'd expect. The free parking was a huge bonus. It's within easy walking distance of Pier 39 and all the other Piers and attractions that are on the way to it (Hyde St. Pier, Giradelli Square). It is also a doable walk to North Beach (don't miss this neighborhood), if you don't mind walking up a few monstrous hills, we did it.The breakfast in the morning was nothing to brag about, just some fruit (either apples or bananas) and then some pastries. The rooms all have coffee makers in them.All in all considering the price, location, and free parking, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, especially if they don't need a 5 star hotel to feel comfortable. You won't be disappointed.	
Jan 29 2005	Very convenient	We always stay here when we visit SF; very convenient to walk to many attractions/city transportation, plus the indoor free parking is great. However, leave your big pick-up or SUV at home because the parking is VERY cramped to say the least. Very nice, but small, rooms that are beginning to show a little age in the furnishings and fixtures. The last time we were there though the elevator had a terrible smell in it and the roof leaked at night in the hall and a light fixture crashed to the floor. Very quiet, in fact, one of the &quot;quietest&quot; places we've ever stayed in--you can't hear any noise from the halls, other bathrooms, etc. But if you stay on the Lombard Avenue side, you may hear traffic noise. A great little breakfast place up Lombard to the left, Lombardy Cafe. And a nice deli a block behind is the Fort Mason Deli. 70+ TV channels. Great rates during the week, and Bernard at the front desk is very helpful and personable. For the price/convenience/free parking in a VERY expensive city like SF, the Buena Vista can't be beat.	
Dec 4 2004	Best hotel ever!	Loved this hotel! Came from Miami, and spent three nights; and all three nights were fantastic. I was greeted fabulously by the warm and welcoming and charming tall fellow behind the desk. Indoors corridor and the room was clean and comfortable. A little breakfast in the morning, and free parking. I come to San Francisco often and stayed at many hotels. But this hotel is by far the best I have ever stayed at. If you ever come to San Francisco, stay at the Buena Vista Motor Inn!	
Nov 9 2004	We were NOT disappointed!!!	We spent 3 nights here in September and we would stay here again. Booking in an unfamiliar city is tricky, but we were quite pleased with the hotel. It is clean and comfortable with a friendly, helpful staff. It is an older hotel and the rooms are a little smaller, but it has recently been remodeled. It is within walking distance to the Wharf and other locations and is a safe neighborhood. The covered parking is free, a little tight on space, but it saves $20-$25 a day, which is what other hotels charge. The top floor of the hotel has a small sitting area with a beautiful view of the Golden Gate Bridge. Mel's Diner about 6 blocks down the street was a fun place to eat. There is a small continental breakfast each morning....don't wait too late to eat, it goes fast....fruit and muffins. For the price it was wonderful, and believe me, I checked them all. Had it not been for the other positive, informative reviews I would not have stayed here. You won't be sorry. If you are looking for entertainment, I suggest you see Steve Silver's Beach Blanket Babylon at Club Fugazi. It was fantastic! Be sure to visit Alcatraz, but book way in advance.	
Oct 13 2004	Previous reports were exactly right for the Buena Vista....	Although this property was not fancy, it was clean, well located for walking to different places, and the desk staff was very accomodating. Free parking was another big plus. Small free breakfast served in lobby each morning (rolls, muffins &amp; fruit). In room coffee. All in all I felt the Buena Vista was a great choice and value.	
Sep 8 2004	Wonderful Hotel; Perfect location	If you're looking for fancy, this is not the place but if you want a reasonably priced room convenient to Fisherman's Wharf, this is the place. The room was small but clean. The front desk staff were wonderful. They answered all our questions with a smile. Fisherman's Wharf is within walking distance. There's a Mel's Diner (remember American Graffiti) down the street about 6 blocks. The most we spent on cab fare to get around the city was about $12 dollars. This is a great location and a very clean, friendly motel. I will stay there whenever I am in San Francisco.	
Sep 4 2004	Superb	Fantastic hotel, location, service, cleanliness. Highly recommended. So central and easy to access points of interest. Free parking a big plus. Get down early for the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; or there won't be any!	
Sep 1 2004	Loved the Buena Vista		
Aug 11 2004	very pleasant!		
Jun 27 2004	Wonderful stay!		
Jun 9 2004	Loved the Buena Vista!!		
Apr 30 2004	curse that convention!		
Apr 21 2004	The Buena Vista stands out in our minds.		
Apr 1 2004	Fabulous		
Oct 2 2003	good value for a great location		
Aug 2 2003	Great find Great location		
Jun 22 2003	Very Pleasant Stay		
Nov 11 2009 	Tolles Hotel in toller Lage		
Oct 22 2009	Pas du tout propre - A éviter		
Sep 24 2009 	pas de luxe mais mémorable...		
Jul 5 2009 	Buena relación calidad-precio y cómodo si vas en coche		
Jun 19 2009 	Fühlten uns hier nicht wohl...und das zu einem hohen Preis		
Jun 15 2009 	Tolles Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Jun 1 2009	gutes Stadthotel		
May 9 2009	Super Lage ordentlich und sauber		
Mar 7 2009 	Hotel agradable y bien situado		
Feb 1 2009 	un hôtel bien situé		
Dec 20 2008 	Gute Lage zum günstigen Preis		
Nov 21 2008 	Qualité-Prix=Parfait		
Sep 7 2008 	hôtel bien situé		
