	Wonderful Hotel Fantastic Location	I booked the Chancellor for my first trip to San Francisco, based on the price for the location and on the trip advisor reviews. On subsequent conversations with people about where I would be staying, I discovered that 2 or 3 people I knew had previously stayed there and they raved about the hotel so I was really looking forward to my stay there. I was not disappointed. We stayed for 7 nights in a twin room on the 14th floor. I had emailed the hotel a few days before my arrival to request a high floor if possible – and received a very prompt and personable reply from Kevin, the Reservations Manager. As some others have said, the room was small, but we didn’t need a lot of space, and anyway we spent very little time in the room. The closet was the biggest I have seen and we had our suitcases in there so they were not taking up space. The bathroom was also small, but sufficient. I have a similar sized one myself at home and it’s perfectly adequate. The free wireless internet was a big bonus as you often have to pay for it at more expensive hotels. It worked absolutely fine for me. The internet terminal in Reception is also a great service, as we booked something online that we needed a printer for. All the staff that we dealt with in the hotel were super nice and very efficient. We had an issue where the safe in our room went to ‘sleep’ twice but when we reported this to reception it was fixed in less than 10 minutes on both occasions. The lady at the tour desk gave some great recommendations for restaurants. Although she did tell us that the Alcatraz night tour that we booked online 3 months earlier didn’t exist which sent us into a bit of a spin, but a phone call to the company quickly sorted that it was in fact running !! We ate breakfast in the hotel a few mornings and it was lovely and the restaurant staff were great. The cookies at reception were delicious, I wish I had started eating them earlier in the week than I did!!The location of the hotel is absolutely fantastic and one of the cable cars runs right outside the door. I loved San Francisco and will certainly be going back sometime in the future. I will definitely stay at the Chancellor Hotel again and will tell anyone I know that’s going to San Francisco to book this hotel.	
	Superb...everything about it!!	This was actually my boyfriend's favourite hotel we stayed at for our whole 3 week holiday! To be honest, we didn't like San Francisco all that much but were thrilled with this hotel.As everyone has said, it is RIGHT in the middle of everything you need - shopping, restaturants, BART and you can walk anywhere. We ended up doing a walk from the hotel, alllllll the way up the hilly roads, turned left and walked a bit more to the really zig-zag windy street, then allllllll the way DOWN to Fisherman's Wharf. It was a long warm, but a quick cable car ride back and a very comfy bed to hop into to rest our exhausted bodies.I read the reviews here beforehand and noticed that the rooms were said to be quite small. I agree they aren't huge rooms, but I wouldn't say they're small. 2 of us and a fair bit of luggage were more than comfortable in it. The decor of the rooms is beautiful and adds an old-fashioned, classy feeling to the place. The lady at the bar was very friendly when we went down for a drink, as were the staff at the restaurant when we had lunch there on our departure day. There is a little kiosk/desk where we were able to get some help organising a shuttle back to the airport, buy a ticket for the cable car and also a postcard and stamp for me to send. Front desk then sent the postcard for me which was a nice touch by them.As everyone else on here, I would definately recommend staying here. And the free tea, coffee and cookies come in very handy too!	
	Superb clean hotel in an amazing location with bags of character	My friend and I stayed here after researching heaps of hotels in San Fran. We wanted somewhere central for the four days that had some character and soul. Step up The Chancellor Hotel complete with superb service and favourable rates.After sending an enquiry about the rooms, a helpful chap called Kevin got straight back to me and offered me a room for the period we needed and reserved them. Keen to make sure things were ok I ended up calling him and having a chat and to my pleasure, he was even nicer on the phone. he offered to give us a room at the top facing the square; what more could you ask for.As for the stay, well it was as good as the email and phone experience. Very clean hotel, amazing location on the square, helpful staff (especially the lovely lady who runs the bar) and rooms that we're just right. I've read that people think the rooms are small and a little run down. Nonsense really as the hotel is a real, proper San Fran hotel that's not a template chain. They are super clean, have everything you need and perfect for a stay in San Fran. What on earth do folk want a big room for? A party?In short I'd whole heartedly recommened a stay here. I've seen a lot of hotels on my travels and this is one I remember for all the right reasons. I'd stay again AND recommened which I guess is the true test of whether it's any good.	
	Honeymoon revisited	34 years ago we stayed for 10 days at the Chancellor on our honeymoon. The property has been updated since then but it has not lost any of it's charm. I advised the General Manager it was our anniversary and the first time back, and we were greeted by a nice gift and a bottle of Sparkling wine in our room on arrival. Rooms are small, but neat and recently refurbished. Luques bar is a hoot at night. Hotel is just off Union Square and right on the cable car line, which makes it convenient to Fisherman's Wharf as well as a multitude of nearby restaurants, theaters, shopping and other attractions. Rates are reasonable, staff is very friendly and accommodating. If you are used to 5* hotels you may find this hotel to be less than your expectations, simply because of stature, but I stay in 5* accommodation frequently and I would definitely stay at this boutique hotel again.	
	Just step out the door to everything	A fab location if you want to be in the buzz zone of San Francisco. Staff very friendly + helped play along with a 'surprise' visit. Room fine for our 3 nights + suited us fine - may be small for a longer stay. Walk everywhere - shops, restaurants, BART, taxis at the door if you want. We were on the 14th floor + you can hear city noise at night if window is open but did bot bother us. Would stay again on future visit.	
	Do your self a favour stay here	After returning home from a very long holiday and having gathered my thoughts I would like to post this review of the Chancellor Hotel on Union Square San FranciscoI would like to say you can't go wrong staying there, 5 stars to the Chancellorwe stayed in the beginning of August, the room was a decent size just right for the two of us , with a large wardrobe which had a personnel safe inside ,comfortable queen bed, nice and clean room with pleasant decor, table and chairs by the window, we even had a view of Union square it is very nice indeed there was a Fan on the ceiling which was so good especially if you get hot through the night, just enough to keep you cool and if you don't like the sound of the city, just close your window and it is nice and quitethe bath tub is a nice deep one, so relaxing that I fell asleep in it, after we had a wonderful day doing a Segway tour and walking around San Francisco how good was thatand what a location right there in the middle of the city, nice places to eat next door or just around the corner, Staff were very friendly and helpful at all times and best of all, they had a sense of humourso all in all if you want a good hotel to stay in, that is central city with cable car at the front door, right on good shopping outlets, nice eating, drinking etc with rates that wont break the bank this is the place for you, Stay there, see for your self,Best to Wes K&amp;K	
Nov 24 2009 	Quaint But Comfortable	Stayed one night on way to HNL via SFO.Room comfortable but smaller than anticipated. Would not try to swing a cat with a long tail in there. (Hard to get a sense of the size from on line pics)Very handy to Union Square &amp; the cable car system.Lots of good eating down the side streets.H	
Nov 21 2009 	A masterclass in customer service	This was our fourth visit to San Francisco and we've previously stayed in the bigger, business hotels that you can book through Trailfinders in the UK. However, on this trip we were bringing my sister and mother - who have never been to the USA before - so decided on the Chancellor because it is more central, the positive reviews on tripadvisor, and the reasonable rates for ten nights.Like so many others that have stayed at this hotel, I was very impressed. The hotel is right on Union Square and, whilst you might expect it to be noisy, we found it surprisingly quiet. It is an older-style hotel, but tastefully decorated, clean and comfortable. We found the rooms more than adequate for ten nights and the bed really comfortable - in fact, I haven't slept so well in ages.We ate at the hotel restaurant for breakfast every day and, again, thought it was excellent value; we also liked the cozy bar, which was great for a drink before going out for dinner in the evening. What really sets this hotel apart is the quality of the customer service; all our requests were dealt with efficiently and quickly and everyone - from reception staff to cleaning staff - was so helpful throughout our stay, and seemed determined to make sure that we were enjoying our visit. My mother and sister are now asking me to take them back to San Francisco so they can visit their 'friends' at the Chancellor Hotel!	
Nov 20 2009 	Great value and location	I recently had my second stay at the Chancellor. I liked it very well on my first stay, and I'm happy to say that it has actually improved over time. The bedroom was recently refurbished with new furniture and a flat-screen TV. As before, both bedroom and bathroom were compact, but everything was immaculate, well functioning, comfortable and cozy. Amenities such as a room safe and a mini-fridge (the latter upon request) were much appreciated. Only slight problem was slow, somewhat unreliable free wi-fi in my room; however, when I brought my netbook down to the lobby, Internet access worked great there. Even though I paid a rock-bottom room rate ($67/night on an Expedia package), my request for an upper-floor room with a Union Square view was promptly and courteously honored. I didn't have much interaction with hotel staff, as I didn't need any help with directions, dining recommendations, etc., but in the interactions I did have, the staff were consistently friendly and professional. The servers in Luques, the hotel restaurant, were especially lovely; the breakfasts were delicious too. As a solo female traveler, I felt very safe and well cared for at the Chancellor, and I definitely plan to stay here again on future SF visits.	
Nov 18 2009 	fantastic hotel great location	originally booked the chanceller for two nights. on arrival dealt with in a very proffesional friendly manner .Rooms are clean and well equipped .booked for a further two nights for the following week on our return to san francisco and had a street facing room which had a great view of union square.the standard of the hotel was fantastic and the location is ideal for shopping and site seeing. will definately be staying there again	
Nov 17 2009 	Second stay this year.	Had another wonderful stay at the Chancellor. All the positive reviews are absolutely right on. Spotless room, wonderful shower, comfortable bed, friendly staff, great value.Why would you stay anywhere else. Love it.	
Nov 17 2009 	Good decision	We booked this hotel based on its rating on TA, great price we got, and because of the location. I usually prefer business hotels and tried to find another place until the last minute. However, this hotel seemed to offer best value for money and we decided to stay there. This was a good decision. Having read all the great reviews about the service in the hotel I was disappointed at first. I felt that we needed to make the initiative to get the service, i.e. ask about everything as nothing was explained in the beginning (coffee, breakfast, bar, fridge in the room..). However, as soon as we did this, it was apparent that the reviews we correct. We got very good and personal service. Everyone working at the hotel was very polite and easy to approach. The tourdesk downstairs is the best. You can book tickets, buy Muni Passes and get all tourist information you need. We stayed in the hotel on two different occasions during our visit to SF. Both times the rooms were clean and nice with good pillows, flat screen TVs, good sized closets and best of all free internet. Rooms don’t have air conditioning, but this didn’t bother us at all. Open window and a ceiling fan did the job. Bathrooms were a bit on the old side, but perfectly usable (and clean). As said earlier, this is not a standard business hotel, but a hotel with character. One negative aspect was the noise from a room next door on our second stay. Our first room was very quiet but in the second one we could hear our neighbors talk and at night, snore. It felt as we were in the same room. The noise coming from the street didn’t bother us at all – it was nice hearing the streetcars pass by and ring their bells. We had breakfast on four of the six mornings we stayed downstairs in the Luques Restaurant. It cost abt 35 USD (tip and tax included) for 2 and was definitely worth it. We didn’t see the point in going to the restaurant next door as they pretty much had the same menu and prices. Service at the Luques was very good and friendly. Location of the hotel is perfect, right next to Union Square. In addition to the shopping and restaurants, it is an excellent place for public transportation. You can hop on the cable car to get to Fisherman’s Wharf or walk down two blocks to Market Street and hop on a tram/bus to get to Ferry Building (or if you go the other way - to Castro District). You can also easily walk to Chinatown and to Financial District.Overall the hotel has character, offers great service and has a good location. I would definitely recommend it to all my friends looking for value for money.	
Nov 13 2009 	excellent location	We chose the Chancellor as recommended and we're so happy with ther advise. The hotel is centrally located in downtown San Francisco, we didn't need to rent a car. The rooms are on the small side like a European hotel but the space is enough for us. I like that they have a closet for the luggages and a safe deposit box. Our room is quiet,very clean and the beds are comfortable. The free coffee/tea and the delicious homemade cookies and apples available 24 hours in the lobby adds a very nice, homey touch. The staff are very friendly especially Susan the concierge who helped us book our trips and point us to the good and reasonable restaurants and gave us helpful tips while touring the city. We will recommend your hotel to our friends and will definitely stay in the Chancellor again .	
Nov 13 2009 	Great find; super cute; very comfortable!	The historic Chancellor Hotel on Union Square is (much to our surprise!) very reasonably priced, especially given it's location and the beauty of the premises. It's got that old world charm without going over-the-top or being tacky. The only drawback may be that the rooms are not airconditioned (they are fitted with ceiling fans) - this really wasn't an issue for us since October nights are cold, but it may be a sore point for anyone visiting during the summer. Also, some make take issue with having to keep the window open as there is a bit of noise from the street. You just can't beat the location, though (close to EVERYTHING); and the staff are very warm and friendly. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
Nov 11 2009 	Great Location Wonderful Staff	We stayed three nights at the Chancellor last week. We loved the location. The hotel is very close to all public transportation, which we used everywhere we went. Helpful hints would include stocking up on drinks such as water and soda at Walgreens on the corner and also don't be shy about asking the front desk if you need anything. The staff was extremely professional . The rooms can get very warm when it is hot outside. There is only one window in each room, which limits the amount of air circulation. We asked for a fan the second night and it helped tremendously. We knew going in the hotel did not have air conditioning so we adjusted with the abnormally high temperatures for that time of year. It was worth it for the location. We also loved how helpful the staff was and how clean the rooms were. The maid service is great at this hotel.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great hotel great location good value	The title says it all. Rooms are not large but when spending time visiting, who needs huge spacious rooms?!! They were clean, the hotel although centrally situated is not noisy - always a blessing in a city.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great Place to call home for a while	We stayed at the Chancellor for a week and had the best time. Everyone who works there could not be any more helpful and friendly. I have to say thanks for such a nice visit.This was a very pleasant surprise as we didn't have any idea about the area and how we would enjoy it. The cable car stops at the front door and all the shopping is steps away. Inside rooms are very quiet and peaceful. Bravo to all staff !!!	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location great value for money	Chancellor Hotel was absolutely great. We payed a 100$ a night, and got great location, great staff and just great value-for-money rooms.We also got 25$ a day to spend in the restaurant so that was awesome!Only problem was the bath. The shower is really short (Located around 5'11-6'0, 175-180cm) and was a problem for me because I'm 6`3. (had to bend to wash my hair).if you come here, don't forget to visit Sears Fine Food which is famous for its little pancakes. (It's just downstairs, you'll see it because of the line).Oh, don't forget - Free WI-FI!!	
Nov 6 2009 	We had a great experience and will stay at the Chancellor again.	The room was clean and comfortable. The hotel workers were warm, friendly and very helpful! The hotel is located near Union Square. We were able to walk, ride the bus or cable car to whereever we wanted to go in San Francisco.	
Nov 6 2009 	Good location average hotel	The location of the hotel is great directly opposite union square and close to many shops, bars, restaurants and transport links including the tour bus (we loved the tour bus and particularly top deck across golden gate bridge!) However, for the price I would say the hotel was only average with quite small rooms, no breakfast included and quite old fashioned being in need of renovation. The free sweets in the room and cookies, tea/coffee on reception were a bonus though which we liked.	
Nov 5 2009 	The best place to stay in San Francisco	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Chancellor after everyone suggested that we stay in Union Square on our first trip to San Francisco. After driving across the country from Chicago and staying in various different hotels along the way, the Chancellor Hotel felt like an old-school Hollywood hotel of which we got a great rate on. Everything was so authentic and unique throughout the entire hotel from the lobby with extremely personable staff to the room which was cute and well furnished. It looked and felt like one of the older buildings in San Francisco which added a very nice feel to the experience of our trip. However, they are very well kept with modern features like a flat screen TV in the room, high speed wireless internet and the options to choose a dozen different types of pillows!The best part of the hotel was the location. You're in the heart of San Francisco and the trolley really does stop right at the Chancellor's doorstep. Everyone was very helpful in helping out the &quot;out of towners&quot; get around and navigate the public transit system (which was fairly simple if you're familiar with riding buses and trains in a major city).Overall, I would definitely stay at the Chancellor again. We even spoke to a gentleman in the elevator who said that he's stayed across the street at a different hotel for 20 years and decided (opting for a better rate) to stay at the Chancellor this particular weekend. He said that he was happier with this stay than in the 20 years he's traveled to San Francisco.Only drawback was parking, we got a deal where our parking at the Valet Garage around the corner was included with our room rate. It's downtown San Francisco so there's not much room to park anyway. It was a small price to pay for an amazing stay in a beautiful city.We loved the experience, would stay here again and suggest it to all who are thinking about staying in San Francisco!	
Nov 3 2009 	Wonderful!	My stay was perfect. I can't wait to return to San Francisco and the Chancellor. Everyone was so helpful and pleasant. My room was very clean and cozy. Thank you!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great Hotel friendly staff and fabulous location	We stayed at the Chancellor as the first part of our West Coast honeymoon and after reading many great reviews on Trip Advisor, I can say I was not disappointed in the slightest.From the moment we checked in the staff were very friendly, helpful and informative. We loved our stay in San Francisco and especially loved our stay at the Chancellor, we have vowed to go back to San Francisco and would definitely stay at this hotel again.We asked for a high room with some sort of view and got just that. A room on the 14th floor with views over Union Square. The room, although not large or luxurious, was great and extremely comfortable. The bed and the pillows made sure we always had a great nights sleep for our 4 nights there. The bathroom was fairly small but the bath tub was deceptively large and very deep.It is a boutique style hotel and is very nice and the location cannot be beaten. A couple of minutes walk to Union Square and cable car stops either side of the hotel. This made getting around San Francisco very easy for us.Book a stay here if visiting San Francisco you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 3 2009 	All the staff care about the Hotel and their guests	The Chancellor is very central for shopping, cable car runs past the front door,staff are so helpful with directions and information on where to dine at night etc. The rooms are charming, the bed was so comfortable and the pillows are heavenly. Comp tea , coffee and biscuits in reception all day every day. I can highly recommend the restaurant for breakfast fast service and an extensive menu. I am now looking at our next holiday to San Francisco just to stay at the Chancellor.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Hotel in a very central position	We spent 5 nights at the Chancellor - have only been home just over a week. We spent over 3 weeks in the States from New Zealand, mostly riding Amtrack and had wonderful experiences everywhere we went. The Chancellor's rooms were clean, quiet and the staff all very friendly and helpful. Must mention the Concierge, she was so knowledgeable. Enjoyed the restaurant for breakfast and the bar at night for a drink. Would definitely stay there again, and will tell anyone here who is going over to San Francisco to stay there too.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great value hotel	We were delighted with the Chancellor. The location is absolutely perfect for first time visitors to SF, right beside Union Square and the main shopping district. The cable car runs outside the hotel on Powell St. The second stop is across the road and you can skip the queue at the bottom by just hopping on there. The room was small, but nicely furnished and clean. There was no AC, but it wasn't needed. It was the first stop on our honeymoon and there was wine, champagne, sweets and a photo frame in the room for us - very nice touch. Also the free wifi is rare for a hotel in the USA.You could go for a more expensive place with more space, but in a city like SF you don't spend much time in your room and you're better off saving your money for the fantastic restaurants and shops.	
Oct 30 2009 	This was our 15th stay and we still enjoy the Chancellor	Everyone is very friendly and helpful. The location is great.	
Oct 29 2009 	The hotel its staff and location are fabulous!	We were so happy with our stay. The hotel is charming with a kind of cozy feeling. The personal service was outstanding. Helpful, courteous and welcoming, that was the staff. The location is the best. Right on Union Square. From my window I could see the happenings and experience the excitement of being in San Francisco. The small bar is really fun. Coffee always at hand and cookies for a snack. The restaurant is convenient and quite good. We stayed at several &quot;chain&quot; hotels during our trip and believe me The Chancellor was in a totally different category. We will recommend it for sure to our friends and we hope someday to be back!	
Oct 29 2009 	Super Clean!!	The Chancellor Hotel was surprisingly friendly and efficient, and best was that the room was super clean! Something I really appreciate. The room I was in has been recently updated with nice furnishings and flat screen TV, and, something that made my day is that there were plugs in the bathroom so you could have a bath, unlike many hotels.In addition, the hotel has a service where you can use or buy 'specialist' pillows (I guess is the right term) that include a pillow for the bath, should you be so inclined, or eye pillows for relaxation. There are a few fees associated with some of these, but it's a great idea!It has free high speed internet which worked perfectly.Only thing missing - tea and coffee in the room.	
Oct 29 2009 	Very nice stay!	The Chancellor Hotel is exactly what that advertise. Historic hotel with great service in the BEST location. The rooms are small but very charming and just perfect for a weekend in San Francisco. The staff is great. Nate, Tina ...thanks for the recommendations. Uncle Vito's was great. The head of hotel housekeeping saved my son's little black bear and we very much appreciated it. Breakfast at the hotel was delicious, and in S.F. with so many great places to eat that is saying something. Beds are very comfy!! If you want to stay at a place with character and charm this is it!	
Oct 26 2009 	It's like coming home after a long day	Just returned home after 5 nights at the Chancellor for our 25th wedding anniversary and we have already told friends of our wonderful stay here. You are given a guest critique form to fill in during your stay and after we filled it in and added our comments we realised you can't fault this hotel. Sure it's not new but so what, the service is efficient and polite, the rooms are very clean, it's located on Union Square the hub of San Francisco, the cable car stop is outside the door, there are loads of restaurants within 3 or 4 blocks and the cost of staying here is favourable. What more do you need?A special mention about the breakfast staff and the lady working the bar who always smile and give great service under pressure. I can't recommend this hotel highly enough. Many thanks for the champagne waiting in our room on our first evening, much appreciated.	
Oct 25 2009 	Better than ever	Well, what has changed in the past year_____absolutely nothing !The hotel is just as good as it was last year and we enjoyed our stay immensely.Perfect location right on Union Square with the Cable Car going right by the door and that was great as we used the Cable Cars more this trip than ever before over many years of visiting the city.The rooms as usual were clean and tidy, great walk in robe and those little extras like an umbrella, pillow menu and of course a rubber ducky for the tub !The breakfasts at Luques Restaurant are great and excellent value and always served with efficient smiling staff. On this trip we travelled to many US cities and each time we made mention that the breakfasts at Luques were far superior than every other stop.In San Francisco and experiencing many hotels over many years we far prefer boutique historic properties and this place, still family owned from 1914 gives you a rich, unique, and true San Francisco experience.Great location, great staff, great value, great experience_____we are planning the next visit !	
Oct 25 2009 	Clean centrally located Hotel	We booked this through Trailfinders after reading reviews. It is centrally located for Union Square; easy to get around on trams; was very clean and staff helpful. They will let you use a computer at reception which is useful for those like us without laptop. We had room on 11th floor at back. Looked recently renovated. Was adequate size, clean bathroom - smallish but adequate. Quiet enough for us. We stayed 5 nights and had complimentary bottle of wine which was nice touch &amp; unexpected. Travellers Info:-Taxi was $40 from airport. Cab hire cycles from Blazing Saddles on next street, 1 block down. We cycled 2 days - once over Golden Gate Bridge, through Sausilto and on to Surbiton - then ferry back. NB it is quite a distance from Sausilto to Surbiton - ok for regular cyclists but care if not. Cycle ride through GG Park and up caost via Baker Beach well worth it and not as hilly as cycle shop indicated.Walked from Fisherman's Wharf to Golden Gate Bridge - very nicer walk along coast and then 2 buses (no.s 28 then 30) get you right back into Union Square for $2.Best meal out was across the square at Cheesecake Factory above Macy's. Not enough room left to try a cheesecake slice after meal but at up to 1575 calories a slice probably a good thing!	
Oct 23 2009 	Birthday Weekend Treat	An excellent place to stay in San Francisco. This is a &quot;boutique hotel&quot; located right in Union Square on Powell Street. Zack and Mike (and the rest of the front desk staff) were extremely pleasant and helpful with my many questions.The beds are some of the best. Comfortable, comfortable and more comfortable. This hotel has no air conditioning (which was a concern for me), but the ceiling fan provided excellent air circulation and at night I had to snuggle under the duvet. The tubs are nice and deep for a relaxing evening bath.Another major plus....free WifiYou come outside and the trolley is in front of the door. It is so centrally located, you can either walk (which is what I did) or catch the trolley and go anywhere. There is plenty of shopping and restaurants in the area.My only complaint is the rooms do not have refrigerators or microwaves (at least mine didn't).	
Oct 20 2009 	Best Customer Service I've Had in a Long Time	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel with our two service dogs. Because we don't have visible disabilities, we often get questioned. The front desk person was appropriate when dealing with our dogs and house keeping even left bowls in our room for them. The rooms are clean, modern, and comfortable. The location is right in Union Square with tons to do within walking distance. The best was the customer service. Every staff member said, &quot;hello&quot; when walking out of the hotel or down the hall. There is also free coffee and cookies in the lobby. : )	
Oct 18 2009 	Best location in town!	Stayed for 4 nights at the Chancellor and had a wonderful time in San Francisco. The hotel is an independent run family hotel and the rooms are maybe not as large as others in the states but all this is set out clearly on the website and on trip advisor. The plus points are the fantastic location right in the heart of this amazing city and on two cable car lines which pass right outside the front door. The hotel decor is in keeping with its age/style and we found it a charming place to stay. The downstairs bar and Mellissa and Rex who look after the bar were a big plus - reasonably priced drinks, a good place to meet other guests and a source of advice and tips on SF places to visit and eat. Thanks to all at the Chancellor for a wonderful visit!	
Oct 14 2009 	Great cute hotel	I had a great time at this hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was great and the bed was very comfortable. The only things that annoyed me was: a) the water pressure in the shower was too low and b) there was some fan whirling noise in the background in our room. Apart from that I really liked it- from the free oatmeal cookies in the lobby to the rubber ducky in the bathroom- details a grandmother must have thought of.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great value 	Great value in Union Square. Pillows were nice, but mattress was firm for someone used to a pillow top. Great linens but it was too warm to use them. Took awhile to see &amp; figure out how to operate the vent. Great staff - assisted in taxis, directions, and printing our Southwest 24 hr advance boarding passes while we were sightseeing.	
Oct 10 2009 	Fab location	This hotel isn't exactly luxurious but the good price reflects that. Saying that, the location is superb, the rooms are fine and clean which makes it a superb hotel for exploring San Francisco. The free in room internet was also a welome bonus. We utilised Trip Advisor prior to booking and were not disappointed.	
Oct 10 2009 	Tour transport at the door	clean &amp; tidy. good travel/tour desk help, but watch the taxis they order, if you leave anything in the taxi. u never c it again	
Oct 10 2009 	Best hotel experience EVER!!	My wife and I came to San Francisco for our 3 year anniversary and we chose this hotel for its extremely affordable rates. Not knowing what really to expect, we were blown away! The hotel staff were so helpful, telling us how to get where, what to see and what not to see. They even had complimentary champagne waiting for us in our room when we got there because of our anniversary. Location was in the middle of everything that we wanted to do. Next time we visit San Fran we won't stay anywhere else but at the Chancellor.	
Oct 9 2009 	The Perfect Hotel	I don't care how much money I make one day . . . I can't see myself staying anywhere but the Chancellor. Loved the Union Square Location. The rooms were so fabulously deocrated. The service was &quot;above and beyond.&quot; They gave us a bottle of wine, since we were on our honeymoon. They have a &quot;pillow menu.&quot; There is a rubber ducky in the bathroom. I enjoyed several baths in the tub. Loved it!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	We plan to stay at this location again!! Excellenthistoric!!	While planning our first trip to San Francisco I came upon this hotel rated well by other reveiws. The location was central, with a wonderful veiw. The price was right and the hotel was clean!!! We will return to San Francisco and enjoy another great stay at The Chancellor Hotel.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great place to stay	We stayed at the Chancellor for 3 nights back in September at the start of our trip around California. Its a great hotel with comfortable rooms and the ideal location to explore the city. I would love to return someday!	
Oct 8 2009 	Ideal location	We stayed here for 5 nights at the end of our stay in the US. This hotel is situated a stones throw from all the great shopping that SF has to offer and is also close to all the major transport links. If you don't mind walking it's only 15 min to Chinatown and North Beach also. As people have already said the rooms are on the small side but there is a large walk in closet which we managed to get 4 suitcases in the room wasn't cluttered at all.All the staff that we encountered were extremely helpful, especially Sue the concierge who remembered when we were leaving and offered to arrange transport to the airport when she saw us in the lobby the day before we were due to leave.The cookies and coffee at reception were also a nice touch. This is a really charming hotel, centrally located which I would happily stay at again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great place to stay	We enjoyed 4 days staying at the Chancellor. Staff were extremely helpful and polite. Location was fantastic, so easy to go anywhere. Union Square was nearby, plus shops and many many restaurants. The cable car passed in front of the hotel.The rooms were very comfortable, not huge but still very nice. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel (optional in our booking) as most days we were heading out somewhere different. Great bonus of free tea and coffee in the foyer plus oat biscuits. There is a bar in the foyer and big screen TV.Very close to Chinatown, and the BART station is at the bottom of the street. I actually left a small jewellry conainer in my room and hosuekeeping found it. When I contatcted them they were very good in Fed Exing to our next USA address at our cost.I would highly recommend staying here.	
Oct 6 2009 	Fantastic	From the minute we checked in to the minute we left we had fantastic service at the Chancellor Hotel. We booked the hotel mainly based on the reviews on trip advisor and they didn't disappoint. When we were there, the weather was quite warm for San Francisco (so I've been told) but with the fan on and the window open no need for Air Con so that is not an issue at all, dispite what other reviewers have said.We were on our honeymoon when we visited the Chancellor and were greeted not only by the receptionist congratulating us but also some very kind gifts, you definately wouldn't get that in most hotels. As my husband is a big American sports fan we took advantage of the NFL package the hotel was offering the 49ers game on the first Sunday at the hotel, the seats were amazing and definately made up for the sunburn I got at the game!Overall the hotel and our stay was great and couldn't have been better. If you like to be treated with respect and like a valued customer, even if its your first stay, then pick this hotel. But if you want to be treated like just any other person then stay in one of the 'corporate' hotels.	
Oct 6 2009 	I was extremely pleased with my room and the staff at the Chancellor Hotel	I had not been to San Francisco in 10 years and the last time there, I stayed at a hotel on a hill that I found not to be convenient for a tourist who likes to walk and take public transportation (cable cars and trolleys).This time when I visited SF, I stayed at the Chancellor, and besides liking the hotel and the staff, I found it extremely convenient to use mass transport to get to many tourist attractions.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great hotel but manage your expectations	Stayed in the Chancellor Hotel for 4 nights in mid September. I had read the reviews on this site so was well prepared for the pros and cons. The hotel is very well located, right in the heart of the city making getting round very easy. The staff are very pleasant, though I had no need to call to the desk other than check in/out. The hotel is not a large chain nor does it have a modern look and feel - but that's the charm. Great having free wifi in the rooms, which made it easy keeping in touch with things back home.So a few small drawbacks. - Yes the rooms are on the small side, but nothing that should be worried about if you are staying on vacation. - There is no AC, which is a problem. Although I knew in advance and being from Ireland didn't think it to be a big problem. No matter how hot or cold it was outside the hot, the room was felt hotter.- The pillows on the bed were not comfortable. They were always clean and pleasantly arranged, but didn't work for me - too many and too soft.- Lastly the bathroom. It is very hard to have a wet shave without making a watery mess. The wash-hand basin is quite small and the position of the taps make it hard to wet your face.Overall the stay was pleasant and I would recommend the hotel, maybe when weather is a little cool34 the AC wouldn't be as big an issue.	
Oct 3 2009 	Trip to San Fransico for 40th Wedding Anniversary	Arrived in San Fransico very tired after a long flight arrived at the Chancellor Hotel and the staff just took over taking our luggage out of the car to the room checking us in very quickly and welcoming us to the US it was a great check-in. The hotel has a lovely feel about it very friendly our room was perfect and very comfortable. The location of the hotel is perfect you can just jump on a trolley outside the door and go where ever you want to go. Didn't bother getting the car out of the valet parking until we left for LA. Great hotel could thoroughly recomment it. Well done Chancellor	
Oct 3 2009 	Small but not too small. Nice but too nice.	Booked this hotel on a personal recommendation. It is just OK for the price, better than most its size, but not all it could be. Location is perfect for everything! The rooms are petite, as many old hotels in SF are, but my wife and I were not stumbling over each other. We were on the back of the hotel which was quiet (although old walls are very thin), but has no view of anything unless you like vents and roof tops. It was nice to have two chairs, plus a desk in the room, however there is no refridgerator and no in room coffee maker. To be fair there would be no place to put them anyways. Queen bed was too hard for my taste and actually got sore sleeping on it, but they do have a pillow menu! Bathroom is very small and very dated, but also very clean. The whole place is actually very clean. The person who recommended the Chancellor to us gushed over the staff, however, I did not experience anything uncommon. In fact, the lady at the tour desk was unhelpful, bordering on rude (although I don't think she actually works for the hotel), and the desk staff was efficient, but amateurish and dull. It felt like I was checking into a motel, not a historic, Union Square SF, boutique hotel. I would stay here again, but if I could get a similar rate at the Westin or Drake, I might move down a block or two.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	My wife and I spent three nights at the Chancellor during the week of September 20th. The location is great, steps from Union Square and surrounded by public transportation options. The room was cozy and the large flat screen tv was a nice touch. The rooms here are not air conditioned but even during a few unseasonably hot days the ceiling fan and an open window created a very comfortable environment. The front desk personnel were very friendly and responsive to our inquiries. The restaurant was great for breakfast and a good value. The restaurant staff was friendly and professional in their service. The concierge/concession operator was knowledgable and arranged for a city tour (Grey Line) which picked us up in the lobby. The hotels location is within walking distance to China Town and many nice restaurants. The hotel was all in all a great value.	
Oct 1 2009 	Great location and great rooms	We had a wonderful and clean room, it was not huge but enough room for 2 people and 3 suitcases and still room to sit. Very friendly staff and service and excellent location right in the middle of downtown. would come back anytime. got free parking right around the corner with online reservation.	
Sep 29 2009 	Wonderful staff at the Chancellor	Stayed here in September, and really enjoyed the hotel. It was centrally located in Union Square, lots to see and do close by. Easy access to Cable cars and buses. The hotel is very clean and comfortable. There is no air conditioning, but it wasn't a problem. The restaurant (Luques) serves lunch and breakfast, and it was good. The hotel supplies free coffee/tea and cookies at the lobby. There are also apples available.I have already recommended the hotel to friends who will be visiting San Francisco, and I would definitely stay here when I return.	
Sep 29 2009 	Charming accommodations in a perfect location.	The staff is friendly and helpful; particularly Susan who was always there to answer my questions and give me some helpful hints about things to do and how to get around the city. The rooms are comfortable and clean and the hotel is a perfect location to get anywhere you want to go.My only criticism is not about the hotel per se but was upset with the car rental place, Reliable, and the vehicle that I was given was in very poor condition with bad brakes which was better than the original they wanted to give me and I would never rent from Reliable again. I also was upset with the shuttle driver who dropped me off quite far from my airline. I realize that is not the hotel's fault but they are services utilizied by the hotel and delivered poor customer service.	
Sep 29 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!	This review basically agrees with all its predecessors – this is a wonderful hotel! The rooms were fantastic and nowhere near as small as other reviews led us to believe. They were beautifully appointed, and one of the few rooms we have stayed in that have two armchairs, which was lovely to be able to sit and have a drink together, rather than the usual set up of one chair and one person on the bed or the floor.The breakfast provided in Luques restaurant was wonderful, with extremely friendly staff. My only complaint about Luques was that it was not open for dinner, it would have been lovely to have the option of eating there in the evening.The location of the Chancellor cannot be beaten. We had rooms on the 12th floor and it was lovely to have the windows open and hear the sounds of the city and the cable cars. The fan did a great job of keeping the room comfortable.All the staff we met were very friendly and helpful, with the exception of the lady who runs the tour desk. We found her quite aggressive and abrupt, but I am not sure she is actually employed by the hotel.I highly recommend this hotel for anyone wanting to be in the heart of the city. We will definitely stay here again if we are lucky enough to return to San Francisco.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good hotel in great location.	Arrived at Chancellor in mid afternoon by taxi from SFO &amp; journey was 25mins &amp; $25 fare. Check in for our 4 night stay was fast &amp; friendly &amp; we had a room on the 19th floor facing Powel St. Our room was to our satisfaction so after some unpacking we headed out to explore San Francisco. During our stay we had breakfast each morning which was fine but we never had dinner as we visited different restaurants each night.We found all the hotel facilites to be fine &amp; every member of staff went out of their way to make our stay an enjoyable one.Overall we had a very nice stay in The Chancellor &amp; when we return to San Francisco we will stay here again.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great location - fantastic staff	Just returned from a five night stay at the Chancellor, and loved this charming hotel!Although we arrived early our room was ready for us, which was really appreciated. We got the room we had asked for, on a higher floor with a view of Union Square. The anniversary gift of champagne and a picture frame were lovely. The rooms are on the smallish side, as previous posters have mentioned, but not uncomfortably so. The bed is one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and the pillow menu is a nice touch. There was no problem at all with the lack of air conditioning, even though there was a heatwave when we were there.The staff at the hotel are first class. Very friendly and helpful, and the management can certainly be proud of them!We ate breakfast at Luques a few mornings. The portions were generous, and the food good.  The complimentary coffee, tea and cookies available at the lobby were also a nice touch.We enjoyed our stay at the Chancellor, and would love to return some day!	
Sep 25 2009 	Top location and staff	This is a great location if you want to be downtown, just across the road from Union Square. We very much liked the city atmosphere just outside the hotel, which was offset by the cool, calm and comfortable reception when you stepped into the Chancellor. Impressed with the cookies and coffee that were always available and liked the feel of the small bar area. We had breakfast in the restaurant served promptly, excellent quality and big portions. OK you are paying but we thought it well worth it. The reception staff were very helpful with directions, advice and recommended a great chinese restaurant to suit our tastes. Our room was plenty big enough, very clean and comfortable. Comfortable bed liked the choice of pillows that were delivered very promptly. I am sure it can be warm at times without a/c and at times (at night) it was a tad noisy. But this is in the heart of the city, the hotel has character and we loved it.	
Sep 24 2009 	Average works if you're out of the room most of the day.	Don't accept a room on levels 1-4 that face the interior of the building. There's no airflow and our room was very warm... very uncomfortable. The people at the front desk were pleasant, except for one woman who was very short with me when I complained about the room. The next night, we were moved to a suite that had a bed, couch and 2 bathrooms. It was completely unnecessary, and the room with the bed and bathrooms were actually smaller than our previous room. I wasn't impressed by the gesture of the suite in some way it felt insulting. Other than that the room was clean and nice. I was disappointed with area we stayed because the restaurant selection by our hotel was limited, and there didn't seem to be much to do.	
Sep 23 2009 	Lovely Honeymoon stay	We booked this well in advance based on Trip Advisor reviews and found it to be everything we had expected. We were welcomed with a wedding gift of a picture frame which was much appreciated and a (very nice choice) bottle of red wine.The staff were really excellent and clearly on top of their game. We had one small issue (that didn't really relate to the hotel) and this was dealt with most professionally - thank you.I really rate the fact that the management of this hotel post responses to comments on this site whether good or bad - it's a sign that they care about both the hotel and their guests.Free coffee/tea in the lobby along with cookies and apples are a nice touch. The beds and amazing pillow selection were very comfortable and so was the room temperature even without A/C.Our family occupied 3 rooms during our stay and reports from all were very good. We would choose to stay again without doubt.Must also give a mention to the Cheesecake Factory opposite (top of Macys) - great food and very reasonable.Thanks Chancellor.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location helpful staff good for just a few nights in San Fran	We stayed at the Chancellor for 3 nights at the start of a two week trip along the East Coast. The rate I got through their website was a bargain, much cheaper than any other centrally located SF hotel, and it included a $75 room credit too.The room was nicely refurbished, large TV, comfortable bed, walk-in wardrobe, small but clean bathroom - though overall small as advertised. We had a view of union square.All in all a pleasant stay at the Chancellor. We had breakfast there once and it was nice, though portions were huge. Recommend trying at Cafe de la Presse and Limon in Mission.	
Sep 19 2009 	Very good city hotel in excellent location	Enjoyed our stay here for 3 nights. Had a lovely room with modern decor and good view of Union Square. Bedding very good quality with pillows for any imaginable ailment. Plenty of storage space. Loved the coffee and the cookies for guests at reception. Excellent. Only complaint would be the breakfast which we had on 2 mornings. Did not enjoy them, but the ladies on the staff were lovely though. Reception staff very friendly and helpful.	
Sep 18 2009 	We had a great stay at The Chancellor in San Francisco	The hotel was recommended by a friend - we would be happy to sing your praises to all &amp; sundry. HOWEVER we do have a problem with your billing! We've just returned home (Australia) to find my credit card has been charged $243.91 AUD ($202.00 USD) twice on 7/9/09 and $346.40 AUD ($288.76 USD) once on 9/9/09. I was quoted 125.00 USD per night so which amount is correct and why have we been charged 3 times?Please contact us - we are waiting anxiously for your reply.	
Sep 16 2009 	A wonderful hotel in a very central location.	We spent two great weeks in the Chancellor Hotel, San Francisco in July 09. It was a very pleasant experience. The location is very central, right in Union Sq. The hotel service was tops: staff were friendly, courteous and always helpful, the concierge arranged all our trips and had information about the city and environs at the ready; tea/coffee in the lobby at all times was a bonus along with internet service.The room ( perhaps a little on the small side ) was cleaned daily . We have no complaints and hope to return some time to see the rest of this wonderful city.Maurice &amp; Breda.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	Fantastic Hotel in the Heart of San Francisco. Staff were very helpful.Accommodation was excellent. Recommend to everyone.	
Sep 15 2009 	Not as great of a hotel as rated!	My wife and I stayed at the Chancellor hotel for one night before we went up to Sonoma Valley wine country. We stayed at this hotel because it received very good reviews on Tripadvisor, and it was not very expensive. We did get a nice rate that included parking, which is very expensive in San Fransisco. The hotel is in a very good location about 2 weeks away from Union Square. That is probably the best highlight of the hotel. The hotel is old and has not received any upgrades in the hotel, which is not atypical for San Fransisco boutiques. The room was extremely small and not decently clean. It did it's purpose, but I would not recommend staying here for more than one day. My wife stayed in San Fransisco with her mom and sister after our trip to wine country at the Orchard Hotel and it was much better then the Chancellor hotel. I would recommend staying at this hotel, which is just one or two more blocks further away from Union Square.	
Sep 14 2009 	Nice Stay	Chancellor Hotel provided my wife and I a wonderful stay, right there at Union Square and all the shopping a person could want. The room was nice, we were up on the 5th floor. Room was quite and though not overly plush; it was comfortable. One drawback was the wc (toilet) was loud when flushed. it appeared to be just like you would see in public bathrooms. Service was standard with the request you save your towles to save on water. The tub on the other hand was big and deep, great for a relaxing bath.In the lobby is a tour stand, that you can get setup for tours, I highly recommend the hop on hop off as it gave you great access to most tourist locations including a drive across the Golden Gate Bridge. There is also a resturant in the hotel, open breakfast and dinner, was ok but nothing special that you couldn't get else where. Atop the Macy's across from Union Square was the Cheesecake Factory and it was very good with an average price. Union Square appeared to be the place to be for shopping.Overall this was a good place to stay, especially if you can discount the rate through a third party site.	
Sep 12 2009 	Brilliant stay	I honestly cannot fault the Chancellor.From letting us check in before 3pm, to the room we were allocated, the treatment we received during our stay, to the time we checked out, everything was brilliant.The hotel is old and the bathrooms in the rooms are small, but if you aware of this before you book, you will not be disappointed.These things did not cause us any problems though.It was hot while were there also, and the lack of AC was not a problem. The fan, or opening a window, did just fine.The Chancellor's main strengths are it's service and location.Every member of staff we encountered were very helpfull, from the time we checked in until we left (Wes - they're a credit to you!).Location is perfect also, right on the corner of Union Square, with great access to cable cars, buses and other forms of public transport.The duck just tops it off!If you're planning on going to San Francisco, this should be the first place you consider staying.If you can find the price for you, stay here!	
Sep 12 2009 	Very nice hotel	We recently completed a week long stay at the Chancellor. A couple of things mentioned in previous posts are true - smallish rooms and no A/C. We knew this before booking but did so anyway based on price, location and other positive comments. We are very glad we did. For San Fran, we received a very attractive rate by calling them directly, the location is great for any kind of mass transit, the service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. There was only one warm day during our stay when it was a bit uncomfortable for a couple of hours. We opened the bathroom and main window and got a nice cross breeze. With the ceiling fan on, it was tolerable. It cooled off very nicely after sundown. We had a twin room on the 3rd floor and the double-paned windows work amazingly well in blocking out the street noises. We ate breakfast in Luques restaurant on two days and found the food excellent and the staff attentive and friendly. How can you not be friends with Mao almost instantly?! I will definitely consider this hotel if I'm in SF again.	
Sep 8 2009 	good and bad	i have mixed feelings about this hotel. location-wise, it's spectacular. it's a hop and a skip away from market street where all the public transportation is located. staff-wise, it's flawless. all the staff there are super nice, and always helpful. we relied on them from restaurant recommendations (thanks Mike), to how to ride different public transportation too all the attractions (thanks Rory and Susan), to just a simple hello from every staff that we came across. they were thoughtful enough to comp us a small bottle of wine for our anniversary, although i don't drink much, it was the thought that counts. also, the hotel offers free coffee and tea and cookies whenever you like. the room itself is where i had problems. although it is cool in SF, the humidity makes it warmer than it is. ALERT! THE HOTEL HAS NO AC. i already knew that when i booked the room. but the humidity combined with lack of ventilation on the hotel floors as well as the room, made it extra hot. that was something i did not anticipate. also, the room and the bathroom were very small. again, i had already known that from reading the reviews. but i didn't realize that it would bother me that much. the bathroom is small, and it's really easy to &quot;flood&quot; the floors since there is no outlet for the water. i really can't fault the hotel for that since i was already warned in advance. it's just my personal preference. but one thing that's good about the room is that it is very clean. overall, i probably wouldn't stay there again simply because personally i need a bigger bathroom and a better temperature/humidity controlled room. but if you don't mind those 2 things, this is a GREAT hotel. for the location and the service, you can't find a better place for the price.	
Sep 7 2009 	What a gem!	This hotel is in a fantastic location right on union square, as it was my 50th birthday they had put chocolates,wine &amp; a card in the room on arrival! The room was really nice, bright &amp; traditional, you could have breakfast in bed for a very reasonable price, you could choose from approx 12 different pillows in the &quot;pillow menu&quot; (yes really!) There was free tea, coffee, lemon juice &amp; cookies in reception 24/7 and nothing was too much trouble for the front desk.Only 1 downside....no air con in the room!	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location attention to detail is remarkable!	I booked the Chancellor hotel for its great location and actually it cannot be beaten!It is right on Union Square which is the best place to stay in San Francisco for shopping, transport and sightseeing tours. No steep hills to get to this hotel!The staff is great, at check-in we were given coupons, maps, small guide book, info, etc.The room is small, but the walk-in-closet has plenty of room for 2 big suitcases. I was surprised at the attention to details of this hotel: the flat screen TV, the clean sheets, the soaps, the lollies, soft toilet paper!I mean, nothing was missing! The view of Union square was great! And the room had sound proof windows so you couldn’t hear a thing from the street!No air/con but I guess you don’t need it in San Francisco. When I was there it was veeery hot, but it was unusual for the city and the fan was ok anyway.I have one complain about Luke restaurant which is inside the hotel. My partner and I had $25 credit so we had breakfast there. Omelette was good, but my fried eggs tasted like pancake! I think they cooked them in the same pan where they had just cooked a pancake! I had it changed but the potatoes (terrible they were…) had gone cold and the bacon too. The next day the special was steak…come on! You can’t have steak in the morning! I asked for pastry but they had none even if on the menu…..so the set was yogurt (in a bowl….) juice and white toast…all for $7.50 which I find expensive….I also ordered fruit aside as it was not included in the set…Let’s say, don’t bother eating breakfast at Luke’s and go somewhere else!	
Sep 6 2009 	Great location nice hotel	We stayed at the Chancellor for a week in August. The hotel location is excellent, a half a block from Union square, right on the Powell Street cable car route. The hotel is an older one that has been renovated, the rooms are smallish and comfortable. We spent very little time in the hotel, leaving early in the morning and returning after dinner. The room was always clean and well looked after. The staff were friendly and helpful, This is a pleasant clean hotel in a great location but really nothing out of the ordinary. The price, for San francisco, was quite good.	
Sep 4 2009 	FABULOUS HOTEL AND STAFF	I loved the Chancellor hotel in Union square. It is located in a perfect location for shopping, sightseeing, dining and public transportation. The hotel provides clean comfortable rooms, everything that you look for in a nice hotel.I loved the homemade cookies in the lobby every day. I hope to return to San Francisco and the Chancellor hotel.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Location	I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. It was conviently located close to transit (cable car, subway, light rail, and bus). The cable car which goes to Fisherman's Wharf goes right in front of the hotel.The staff was extremely friendly. They always greeted me with a smile.I stayed in a queen room. The room was alittle smaller than expected but was just large enough for me. And the rubber ducky in the bathroom was a cute touch. The hotel is older, but is in good condition. If you are a big TV person, you may have an issue; there were roughly only about 20 channels and most are news stations. I wasn't in the room enough to really care.I read a few reviews complaining about no air conditioning. First, it says it on their website. Second, if you know anything about that part of the country, very few places have A/C. The temperature is usually mild and there is no need for it.	
Sep 1 2009	Great Location Great Staff difficult to find almost not worth it.	If you drive to this place, know your way around San Francisco or have a good navigator. Driving in this city makes you go mad if you have not driven in a big city for a while, but it will still test the skills of any driver. Park and buy a MUNI pass!!! Great place for us tourists. Buy a transit pass in the lobby and learn the system to get to Fisherman's Wharf, Chinatown, North Beach, and GO! The staff is friendly and very helpful, rooms are nice but SMALL, location is great. The hotel is nice, old, classic, but in need of remodeling.	
Aug 31 2009 	Happy repeat guest	The Chancellor is a great hotel in an excellent location. I have stayed there several times and have always been very pleased.	
Aug 31 2009 	Cool Hotel.	I just spent three nights at this hotel and LOVED it. To start off with, the staff was SO friendly. Nate at the front desk was very friendly and accommodating and Matthew (one of the bellman) was just so sincerely nice and helpful. Aside from that, the rooms were funky. They are small, but definitely plenty of room with lots of character. We had such a cool view of Union Square. As other reviewers have said, the cable car is right on your doorstep and it is such a great central location to everything.Definitely recommend this hotel!	
Aug 31 2009 	Loved it!	I stayed here a year ago (meant to write a review sooner) because this family-owned hotel really deserves it. It is in a great location near Union Square - just up the hill from the cable cars that start from Market Street and walking distance to Nob Hill. I was travelling solo and felt very safe here indeed. Nice room and bathroom and a great breakfast room (yummy blueberry pancakes!). The hotel also provides free tea and coffee in the lobby. Reasonable rates and very helpful staff. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Comfortable good value and well situated	We spent 3 nights at the Chancellor, chosen on the basis of tripadvisor comments and a good advance deal on expedia. We were highly satisfied and would definitely stay again. Room was comfortable and very clean; staff could not have been more helpful, and the situation on Powell is perfect for easy access either on foot or on public transport (cable car stop virtually outside the door and market st bus/streetcar stops 5 mins walk away)	
Aug 27 2009 	Best bed I have ever slept in	We stayed here on our honeymoon as was delighted with the room and hotel. We booked online and paid $100 AUD a night. Great central location right across the road from union square. Great restaurant next door and we also ordered the breakfast from the hotel and it was great big serves. You can also choose your own type of pillow they have at least 10 different types to choose. We really enjoyed our stay here!!!!	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent location relaxing clean and unique!	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. Arrived early and our room was ready! This was the first part of our honeymoon and we were greeted with free champagne - a lovely touch. Room was clean and a good size and staff were helpful. Location was fantastic - right on union square and our room had an amazing view of it!	
Aug 27 2009 	We'll be back!	We stayed 3 nights at the Chancellor in San Francisco and everything lived up to expectations: Great staff (we got the impression that they really liked working there), excellent rooms (we had 2 rooms) with great beds, excellent breakfast. Hotel located right at the center. When we come to San Francisco again the Chancellor we will be at the top of our list.	
Aug 26 2009 	Brilliant	We stayed at the Chancellor on the first 3 nights of our honeymoon (an explore of California and beyond). It was such a great find, brilliantly located right in the heart of the city with the street car stopping right outside. Really friendly staff, in particular the bar staff who were full of top tips about where to head on our travels. Can't fault this hotel for location, cleanliness and friendliness.	
Aug 25 2009 	Stay here!	Stayed at the Chancellor recently for 3 nights. What a find. Can't beat the location. Staff very helpful and the suite we had on the 14th floor was great with 2 bathrooms and a great view. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived so we went down Powell for a cafe lunch. We're pretty low maintenance hotel guests as we prefer to do our own research on sightseeing, restaurants, etc but everyone at the hotel was pleasant from Alice in housekeeping to Matthew who helped us with luggage at check in . For a hotel that's been around since 1914, the Chancellor has been kept in good condition and has a comfortable, quality feel to it. Don't know what the other reviewer meant by thin walls, but we didn't hear a peep from any other guest.  Rooms are updated as well with flat screen TVs and free wireless internet. Can't wait to return!	
Aug 25 2009 	Impeccable hotel	Any time I return to San Francisco, I plan to stay again at the Chancellor. It's classy without being snooty, everyone who works there acts like they like actually enjoy their jobs. The rooms are clean and simple with comfortable beds and nice amenities--the free wireless internet access is a definite plus! Perfect location in Union Square. The only reason I would hesitate to recommend the Chancellor is because I don't want the competition! A truly great and affordable place to stay in San Francisco. Highest recommendation.	
Aug 25 2009 	I'll be back!	I enjoyed everything about my stay! Everyone from the front desk, to the restaurant , to the bell boy was kind and courteous! Keep those room rates competivave. I look forward to my return trip in a few months.Maryanne Grobe	
Aug 25 2009 	The Greatest Bath I've Ever Taken	Great location. My 8 year-old son thought it was the best hotel we've ever stay at. The staff was very welcoming and efficient. The decor of the room was sensational. But the best part, by far, was the bathtub! Original tub that must have been 6 feet long and 3 feet deep. I won't stay any place else now - only the Chancellor.Linda WellsSacramento, CA	
Aug 24 2009 	What a great homey hotel	My sister and I stayed at the Chancellor for 9 days (July-Aug), After reading reviews we decided to stay here, and it more than met our expectations. The room was actually larger than I anticipated, lay out was very efficient. Huge walk in closet to store our belongings. Lovely deep tub to relax in after our long days of walking. They even have foot massagers to rent, which my sister was glad for. Didn't need to try any different pillows, as the ones we had were great (and I'm a very picky pillow person!) Several to choose from if you wish. And as others have mentioned wonderful tasting cookie, tea, and coffee always available. The restaurant Lucques was great as well....wonderful breakfast and lunches. Staff were always very helpful and able to answer all our questions. You can't find staff in other hotels that are this helpful. Rory had all the answers! The best location as well...so handy to cable cars, public transit, restaurants, and shopping.. It was just a great place to return to each day....felt like we were at home. Will definitely return again.	
Aug 24 2009 	First Timer	This was our first trip to to the US and we had a great start at the Chancellor. The room was clean and well equipped and the staff very friendly and helpful. We tended to eat breakfast there rather than trying to go out and find anywhere and the specials that they offer tend to be quite reasonably priced. Really happy at this hotel and would definately go back. For info, came accross a fantastic chinese restaurant in Chinatown, the Broadway Restaurant on Broadway Street. Completely full of localls but not surprised as the food was amazing and CHEAP!! $23.00 all in for 4 plates of food as mains. Recommend particularly the peking ribs. WOW!!	
Aug 22 2009 	Good hotel/location/value	We've made a couple trips to San Francisco over the past few years, and stayed at a different hotel each time. I think now we've found a permanent place to stay in the future. San Francisco is a great walking City, and The Chancellor's w/in reasonable walking distance just about everything. It's also close to BART and Muni which is a huge bonus. Also, the staff was very friendly and helpful with every request.Not a downside, but a heads-up: the rooms, while cute, clean, and well-appointed, are small, so if you're used to or prefer a lot of room to spread out, be advised. Small rooms aren't unusual in San Francisco, but this is one of the smaller rooms I've stayed in here.Overall, highly recommended.	
Aug 20 2009 	Location + Staff + Room = Ideal Choice for S.F. Weekend	The Chancellor was perfect for our weekend getaway. With San Francisco itself providing all the extras, we found no need a stay in a more luxurious setting. We found the staff helpful and thoughtful. We especially found the room perfect for a couple on-the-go: comfortable bed, clean surroundings, and a large walk-in closet that reduced the clutter as we came and went. The location just off Union Square was ideal; we appreciated being so near to the best restaurants, stores and, of course, transit connections. We look forward to returning to the Chancellor in the future.	
Aug 17 2009 	Excellent central location	Stayed 4 nights at the Chancellor Hotel. Excellent central location for all the sights. Clean bedroom but the walls were a bit thin so we could sometimes hear our neighbours! There was a nasty half stuck down rubber mat in the bath which needed to be sorted out. The bed was very comfortable with excellent choice of pillows. Perhaps it would be a good idea to have a buffet breakfast in the restaurant so it is easier to choose what you would like to eat.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great little hotel	This is a great little three star hotel. The rooms are spacious with everything you need, the staff are friendly and can't do enough for you. Location is great - close to all the shops, restaurants and bars.The free cookies and coffee is a great touch	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location for cable car. Love the pillow menu!	We stayed here for a long weekend in January 2009. We bought the 3-day pass for the cable cars to ride everywhere we needed within the city, which was great! We had to walk 2 blocks to get to the parking garage, which was okay with us. Although the rooms and hotel are older, it was clean and the room was very comfortable and nothing showed signs of wear. The closet was very large, too (3 people can stand inside). The unique touch was the pillow menu--I order the buckwheat pillow which was so wonderful I bought one once I returned home. There is one PC with free Internet access behind the front desk, and we just had to wait a few minutes for another guest to leave to get access--but definitely appreciated this extra! The Walgreens is two doors down, at the corner, and there are some good diners in the area.	
Aug 12 2009 	Very comfortable rooms in a lovely old building an antidote to motel chains.	The cookies and coffee were there as promised by other reviewers, cranberry and raisin the day we arrived. The staff were friendly and helpful and we thoroughly enjoyed our 3 nights in SF. The rooms were very comfortable with the best beds and pillows of our whole trip. A great base to explore the city on foot or by public transport or the hop on hop off trip buses that pick up in Union Square. Walked over the Golden Gate and on down into the lovely town of Sausalito then ferry back across the Bay past the sea lions at pier 39 and cable car back to the Chancellor, a real San Francisco treat.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice hotel and a good location	This is an older hotel which gave it a lot of charm. Everything is in good repair, the bathtubs are huge, and the beds were very comfortable. For the price you can't be it, right on Powell with easy access to the cable cars and the muni lines.	
Aug 5 2009 	elegant and easy	Many others have said the same things that I feel about this hotel. It has character, it's sort of elegant without being too la-de-da, and the location is great. It's an old building but everything worked fine and looked taken care of.BONUS POINTS: When my mother-in-law tried to get a desk clerk to tell her how much my husband and I paid for her room (we booked ahead of time online), the man politely told her that that information was confidential. :)	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Hotel at Great Price!!	We stayed here on the 15th floor from July 29 thru August 2. We were in town to see tennis tournament in stanford, california. The room was nice, clean, and decent size for 90 bucks a night. The location is amazing, we had a great view of Union Square. The cable car stops right outside the door. Service was amazing, they offered all kinds of transportation and advice. They even held our bags free or charge, thanks Matthew!	
Aug 3 2009 	Great Service for our Honeymoon	When we arrived at the Chancellor for the first 2 nights of our honeymoon, we were greeted by friendly staff who offered immediate help with our bags. I had called the Chancellor in advance so I could be sure we ended up with a Queen bed and not 2 twins. They were very helpful on the phone and told me they would place me in a quiet room on the top floor in honor of my honeymoon. The man also said he would have something special for us when we checked in. My room rate also included parking, which was better than any rate I could have booked through Expedia, Hotels.com, etc. Having parking included was wonderful and convenient since this is extremely pricey in the city. When we arrived at our room on the top floor, we found a clean but small room. (We didn't mind that the room was small since it was a historic hotel and we spent most of our time touring the city. It may have been small, but it had character!) The view was great! We could see out across Union Square and watched people eating at The Cheesecake Factory located on top of Macy's. My husband and I were also very happy to see that the hotel gave us a complimentary bottle of champagne and a picture frame from the hotel so we could remember the trip. Thanks, Chancellor!! We enjoyed the deep bathtubs and the quiet nature of the room. Everyone we came across who worked at the Chancellor was more than helpful and friendly, and they made us feel very welcome and taken care of. We had great Internet access for the laptop that we brought with us. We had no problem pulling up in front of the hotel for check-in. Even if we did, we would have circled the block as they recommended ahead of time. No problem :-)We enjoyed dinner and breakfast at Lefty O'Douls down the street. The best deal in San Fran! We wished we found it earlier in our trip.We definitely agree that The Chancellor was a 3 star hotel in a 5 star location! In fact, we would give customer service 5 stars!! Jonny and Rory were very helpful!	
Aug 3 2009 	Good Location and Service	The hotel has a great location, right on the cable car line. I like how evry though was not a &quot;small&quot; hotel, it felt that way due the service and overall charm of the place.	
Aug 2 2009 	A hotel that delivers what it promises!	Just returned home after a fabulous five-day stay in San Francisco. Chose the Chancellor Hotel based on location, price &amp; Trip Advisor reviews. Location could not have been better – right on the Powell Street cable car line, close to the Market Street trolley cars, a BART stop (direct run to the airport) &amp; many bus routes. The Chancellor is also right in the heart of the great SF shopping scene. The Chancellor’s room rate was very reasonable for a SF Union Square hotel &amp; the rooms are very much as advertised – small, but very comfortable and very well appointed. The hotel staff were all very personable and professional &amp; represented their hotel extremely well. The pre-trip service was also very impressive. I booked on-line and requested an upper floor on the Powell Street side of the building. One week before I was to arrive, I emailed the hotel’s reservation manager, Mr. Vossen, and reiterated my room request. I received a prompt response indicating that the hotel would do the best to accommodate my request. Upon check-in I was assigned a room on the 14th floor (2nd from the top) facing Powell Street – just as requested.In a nutshell, the Chancellor hotel &amp; staff exceeded my high expectations &amp; demonstrated why they are ranked by Trip Advisor members as one of the very best hotels in San Francisco. Kudos’ to all the Chancellor staff for making the hotel component of my SF vacation such a positive and memorable experience.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Value!	We stayed at The Chancellor for 4 days in June, and it completely met our expectations. The hotel itself is old, but we felt that was part of its charm. The staff were very friendly, the location is fantastic and we were also impressed by the in-house restaurant; we ate breakfast there every day and were always very satisfied with the fare.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great Location room and service	We stopped here on our first 3 nights in California, and is one of the best hotels we stopped in. Check in was quick and easy, fantastic room located on one of the high floors overlooking union square which we requested. Its nice to have request honored where many hotels do not even try. It was our anniversary and had a bottle of sparkling wine and photo frame which I thought was a very nice touch.We had breakfast down stairs every morning, friendly and great selection. Can't fault. Hope you enjoy your stay there, if we ever return we'll be sure to book there. Oh and one thing. The hotel has a homely feel if that makes sense. Great over all	
Jul 24 2009 	Excellent Experience	I could not fault our stay at the Chancellor. We were there for four nights, during which we had our wedding anniversary. Our travel agent had made the hotel aware of this and in our room there was a bottle of bubbly, chocolates, a present and free tram tickets which was a lovely surprise. The staff at the desk were very helpful with any questions we had and the little bar had the most devine cocktails ever! We didn't eat there so couldn't comment on that. The room itself was very spacious for a city hotel and certainly for the price. The bed was extremely comfortable, the decor very nice and the place was always spotless. The hotel was in a fantastic location and an ideal base for most sites in the city. If we were coming back to San Fransisco, which I really hope we will, I would definitely stay there again. A fantastic experience.	
Jul 24 2009 	great location service and room	I stayed at the chancellor in late march and it was a fantastic hotel,perfect location close to it all, excellent service and very nice room, would definately stay here again	
Jul 23 2009 	Yeah what they said!	It has been ages but I still remember the location, the room and the pillow menu. We enjoyed the fresh coffee and cookies in the lobby- great for a pick-me-up when coming through to clean up for another outing. The staff was not so memorable. A few were nice but others not so. Overall, we were able to fend for ourselves and not feel slighted by their service.	
Jul 23 2009 	We will be back!	Was in town for the Alcatraz Challenge. Cannot beat this location - right on Union Square. All staff were excellent. Love the pillow choices! Had breakfast at the cafe - not overly priced and better than the Sears restaurant next door (who's famous pancakes were terrible!).	
Jul 23 2009 	Great location for a charming hotel	Really nice room, with character, but like real character - as in rooms were quaint and pretty, and not character as in grimy. Location was awesome, right on Union Square, close to everything, including those trams that would take you everywhere. Windows were soundproof enough that noise from outside wasn't a problem at night. Front desk was very courteous and helpful, housekeeping was prompt. The pillow options were a great touch, so were the free local phone calls. All in all very good place for it's price. I paid around USD$100 per room per night.	
Jul 22 2009 	Very classy charming and fulfilling!	Terrific location, very classy, yet reasonably priced. This is a super clean, very comfortable, and appealing hotel that was a joy to stay in. Inside, you have simplicity, a fine home-base feel, and understated elegance; outside, you step directly into the pleasurable bustle of the city. The hotel is surprisingly quiet, given its location in the heart of the action and directly on the cable car lines. The handsome overhead fan is entirely sufficient for this naturally ocean-cooled city. Adjacent to the lobby, with its free coffee, cookies, and tea anytime, is an excellent breakfast and dining room with friendly service. You can walk to many of the prime locations and easily take the nearby public transportation everywhere else. Free access to a nearby health club (with weight machines and lap pool) completes a virtually perfect picture. Prices may vary by night of stay (we actually paid less on the weekend).	
Jul 13 2009 	Great place for Honeymoon!	We stayed here for a week on our honeymoon and it was WONDERFUL! Yes the rooms are smaller, but there was a HUGE closet! There was plenty of room for our luggage and all the shopping bags we accumulated. I love the way they were decorated, it was so cheerful. I never tried the pillow menu, there were 5 pillows on our bed when we arrived and that was enough:) Our room looked out over the square, it was beautiful at night! We never took a cab, just walked everywhere and then got on the BART to get back to the airport. It was really easy to get around. We are planning to go back for our one year anniversary, we loved it!	
Jul 8 2009 	Two Thumbs Up - definitely recommend this hotel	This is my first time to San Francisco. I booked this hotel online, through the Chancellor Hotel website, and I selected a daily rate that included a food/beverage meal credit. After I booked, I read some poor reviews on this site, but didn't really pay much attention.First of all, this hotel couldn't be in a better location! it is right on Union Square, the cable car goes right in front of this hotel. There is shopping and dining everywhere. It is very easy to get to the Fisherman's Warf etc.The room I have (9th floor) was exactly as I saw the photos on the website, right down to the paint color. I have a room with 1 double bed. I think most people consider this room to be small ONLY because it has 1 bed, and not 2 beds. I guess its kind of small, but certainly not uncomfortable. I take cruise vacations all the time (2 or 3 times per year) and this hotel room is HUGE compared to a cruise cabin! ha ha I have plenty of room here to get around, there's even a nice desk where I work at my laptop (I also LOVE that there's free WiFi here - which is one of the reasons why I selected this hotel to begin with) and a lovely sitting area with 2 chairs &amp; a small table. I haven't heard any strange noises, am not kept up at night and I wouldn't even know that there were other people on my floor unless I saw them on the elevator.I got great service at the front desk. I think the breakfast food in the Lougues restaurant is great, although the first day I ate there the service was VERY SLOW but that's only because it was busy. The lobby lounge is only open 5pm to 930pm, which isn't very long opening hours, but I managed to find a nice lounge close by to enjoy after dinner drinks with friends.I definitely recommend this hotel. Great value, fantastic location, very clean and comfortable. I have recommended this hotel to a group of approx 40 friends coming here for a reunion in September and I would recommend it to anyone else.	
Jul 7 2009 	Wonderfull!!	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel in the beginning of May. It was amazing. The rooms are very clean, the beds are super confortable, we requested a high floor, so we did not have any noise. The location is marvellous. There is a cable car stopping juest in front of the hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpfull, they will try to help you in any way possible. I have worked in a hotel in Belgium myself for 1.5 years and must say there is nothing bad about this hotel. My compliments to management and staff.	
Jul 5 2009 	Stay Here	We searched through numerous hotels in San Francisco and decided to take a risk on this one based on some poor reviews. We were not disappointed by this hotel at all.We booked directly through the hotel website because we found a deal that included secure parking with in-and-out privileges. This combination was much cheaper than other hotels.Reception: Staff were exceptionally friendly and had no problem getting us a room at the back of the hotel which was very quiet. We were also allowed to park at the front of the hotel on check in for 30 mins which gave us a few minutes to relax before checking out San FranciscoRoom: Excellent room, very modern interior and was spotless. Location: On Union square so it is impossible to be more central. There are numerous bus tours departing 2 minutes walk away from the hotel. Parking: Secure parking provided a 5 minute walk away from the hotel. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel as it was approx. one third of the cost of similar hotels in the area and from our perspective we could not fault it.	
Jul 1 2009 	cant go wrong here	Hotel is in the heart of union square, Reception staff are all smiles and helpfull,we found our room suitable size, NOT tiny. Allso some people said the walls were thin and you could hear from the ajoining rooms, we found our room niceand quiet. (room 1001) Yes there is NO modern air-conitioning units installed, butthere is a huge ceiling fan which is very effective and quiet. and kept our room cool,temp during our stay was in high 80. Rooms are kept very clean to high standard,you can also have a choice of about 12 differant types of pillows, Also in room is a modern flat screen tv, safe, iron, table, two chairs, YES bathroom is small but you wont be spending all your time in there (will you ! ) And yes you can take the DUCK !Their is lots of restaurants near the hotel, for breakfast we went to Sears next door and allso went into the chancellors restaurant (LUGUES) both very good , Also try the cheesecake factory in Macys for breakfast, lunch, or dinner very good , expect a 15 to 20 minute wait at max. Also in reception you can obtain free coffee, cookies, apples, newspapers, and internet. Outside the hotel the cable car stops so if your going up to fishermans walf get on the one which says (POWELL MASON )cost is $5 per person per oneway trip, or you can get three day pass fom inside the hotel (TOUR DESK)We could not fault this reasonable priced hotel and would be happy to return somedaythanks tom.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Location!	The reviews for this hotel were all pretty much good..... needless to say we weren't disappointed with our actual stay. The hotel is right in Union Square opposite Macy's. It is a bit noisy through the night (we were actually in one of the top floor rooms as well), but if you want a great spot to go exploring from - it's the price you pay!! The rooms &amp; hotel were all very clean, and ideal for our 2 nt stay. Would definitely recommend this hotel if you are planning on staying in San Fran! And free WI-FI thrown in too!	
Jun 29 2009 	Exceptional Quality and Value	The Chancellor Hotel exceeded all our expectations from the moment we arrived until we left two days later. All the staff were well trained, friendly, helpful and very efficient and caring people. Our room was beautifully decorated and immaculate. It was very comfortable and spacious ! They up-graded us to &quot;Helen's Suite&quot;, maybe because it our room wasn't ready when we arrived? All of the furnishings were lovely and fine quality on the fifteenth floor.The staff were helpful with suggestions for lunch and dinner and transportation and location of things we wanted to see. We ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant both mornings and the service and food were wonderful, so in keeping with the hotel. We also had a drink in the bar and that was also a very positive experience.We have been to SanFrancisco several times but The Chancellor is the place to stay now and in the future!! It was our first time but not our last. I highly reccomend the hotel!!	
Jun 29 2009 	Really nice stay	I stayed the weekend at this hotel, and really enjoyed it. The location right on Union Square cannot be beat, and the service we received was fantastic. While the room is extremely small, the decor and appointments are really nice. Housekeeping left everything spotless. I requested a quiet room, so we got a higher floor toward the back of the hotel. This kept down the street noise enough that sleeping with the windows open didn't bother us a bit. I have stayed at several boutique hotels in San Francisco, and I can say that while this one is not the very nicest absolutely, it probably represents the best value for the money that I know of. I booked it because they included parking in a package (which is worth $30+ per day in S.F.) and I thought that the room rate was fair even without the extra perks. My only real disappointment was the quality of the room service breakfast, which was not terrible but not great either. I probably won't be able to return because they don't accommodate kids, but if I happen to make it up again without my children I will certainly consider this hotel again.	
Jun 28 2009 	Nice stay at the Chancellor	I stayed here for one night when driving through San Francisco. The hotel is located in a very nice spot for seeing the city, near BART and the cable car not far from Union Square. We could actually see the Christmas tree being erected in Union Square from our room. Checking in was a little difficult as the hotel has only valet parking and no real roped off area to wait in, so we had to double park on Powell while the staff raced to unload our luggage. The staff was very friendly and helpful not only then but also when we had to retrieve our car. The room was clean, although extremely small. The hotel did not have many rooms per floor and felt a little claustrophobic. I did appreciate the art deco-influenced styling. The bathroom was a little worn and there was a large notice about not running the tub when one is not present. I was told a Japanese businessman had caused a flood by doing so. I've stayed in quite a few SF hotels and lived in the area. I would consider the Chancellor again, but feel that the Top Ten Tripadvisor rating is a bit high. If you can book for under $120 per night it is a tremendous value, but I would rate 3 stars overall compared to other hotels in SF as the quality of SF hotels overall is fairly high.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great hotel great location no complaints at all.	We loved this little hotel in the middle of everything. The cable cars run right outside the front door and we loved leaving our window open and hearing the bells as they went by. Wonderful location in the shopping district with lots of nearby restaurants that we loved (especially Kuleto's). I loved the decor of the rooms- modern, clean, serene. We'd definitely stay here again.	
Jun 25 2009 	SPOT ON	After a 4 week road trip of sunshine and heat.It was veryyyyyyy cold in SF. Stayed our last 3 nights over memorial weekend at the Chancellor. We made the right choice, found the hotel easily with the directions given. no sooner had pulled up, bellman there to get bags. Reception staff very pleasant and proficent. We had booked the park,room and dine package and all the paperwork was in one envelope given to us and all was explained to us.Also had a couple of 2 for 1drinks coupens for the bar Great start.Took car to the garage on Sutter (two minutes ) again good directions, when booking we asked for a high, quiet room.and thats what we got floor 11 facing at the back.Hence no trouble sleeping. Used the $ 25 per day for breakfast in LUQUES which was excellent.Room as WES keeps telling us all.Bathroom as WES keeps telling us all.Staff as WES keeps telling us all.Special mention to chamber maid Sue. my wife likes someone that takes pride in her job.One thing i did miss reading all the reviews. I did not know you could take the duck home.Will be back next year for him.Thanks to all at the CHANCELLOR	
Jun 21 2009 	Would stay here again	The location of the Chancellor was great, right in Union Square and about 3 - 4 blocks from Market Street and the Bart station. My first impression was that the room was a bit on the small side, but we quickly got used to it. We had a walk-in closet, never heard our neighbors and the staff was very helpful. There's a Starbucks across the street and a Walgreen's on the corner. It's walkable to Fisherman's Wharf (about 30 - 40 minutes) for those interested in walking the city.	
Jun 20 2009 	Lots of charm	Lovely hotel with lots of character. Rooms were small but we expected that and didn't spend much time there other than to sleep. We asked for a quiet room and got a back location where it was peaceful. Unfortunately our neighbours were not quiet and the walls are VERY thin. Cookies and coffee in reception were very appreciated! Reception staff polite and helpful. Got a great deal on travel ticker - $99 a night with $25 credit for food and drinks. We didn't even spend it all before we left!	
Jun 17 2009 	"What a find".	Just Completed a 'Road Trip' of West Coast of California and Nevada and during this time stayed in 8 different hotels, some good, some not so good, but had to leave my views about the Chancellor.l will not repeat what numerous others have gone into detail about location etc.Stayed at Chancellor for 3 nights early June 09 and thought is was very good value for money, made even better by purchasing the parking deal at the garage on Sutter Street, (less than 150-200 yards away).The hotel is small and friendly, very well run and maintained, and kept spotlessly clean, the only complaint l could have had was the bathroom was tiny but adequate for your needs.I stayed on the 3rd floor (room 304) which has an exterior view into an enclosed yard and emergency stairwell and was therefore not caused any problems like the previous contributor &quot;disappointed&quot; l will go as far as to say l slept like a baby.l have previously stayed in the city and paid far more for lessor accomodation on 7th Street which is located South of Market Street, and a fair walk into the centre of things.All in all l would say well done to the staff at the Chancellor and l would recommend this hotel to everyone l know. The hotel ticked all the boxes for me.The Chancellor is a 3 - 3.5* hotel not a 5* and if you want 5* treatment then go somewhere else and pay for it. In my opinion you will have to look far and wide to find a better hotel, in a better location, and better value, in San Francisco for a similar *** hotel. If you do find one please let me know because if l go back to the 'City by the Bay' l know already where l'm staying. Where l come from we have a saying 'Do not pay for Lemonade and expect to drink Champagne', but l would say the Chancellor is a very good sparkling wine.	
Jun 16 2009 	Can't beat the location	The location of this hotel is really second to none, right on Union Square which has the main square for shopping and has some nice resturants. The hotel itself is in a nice building and has a nice bar and free coffee in the reception. The rooms are clean with a large bed and my room had a free Wifi. The bathroom is a bit small and the shower was not functioning properly (but still did its job). The staff were really helpful and friendly.Finally, for the rate charged, this hotel is highly recommended for any one going to SF on a budget.	
Jun 15 2009 	Disappointed	I booked this hotel after reading all the reviews on this website - but I was disappointed with the room and some of the hotel services.DisadvantagesThe main problem for my husband and I was the noise. Directly outside of our window (3rd floor) was an air-conditioning/water unit for an adjacent building. I have attached a photo. The noise was really loud. My husband and I have backpacked around the world and both of us can sleep anywhere - but we really struggled to get any sleep at the Chancellor. No-one should have to put up with this kind of noise in a hotel. Obviously in a city you expect street noise - but not industrial noise non-stop almost 24hrs a day.No air conditioning. In San Francisco this should not be a problem. The weather was COLD when we were there - but the room was HOT HOT HOT. And we couldn't open the window as this made the noise from the industrial unit even worse.No fridge in room. I asked when I checked in if it was possible to have a fridge in my room. I was told it was possible for a fridge to be moved- but no fridge arrived. I did not ask for a fridge again as once we arrived at our room it was so small we could not see where the fridge could possibly fit - together with our bags. However it would have been good service to get an explanation as to why we did not get the fridge we had asked for.Bathroom. The bathrooms are TINY- very little room for washbags. Also the state of the tiles in our bathroom was terrible. I have added a couple of photos. The bathroom in our room was certainly in need of freshening up.Food. We only had 1 meal at the hotel - we had breakfast from room service but this was enough to put us off. I had homemade granola and rye bread toast and both were disgusting. First of all the granola contained loads of pine nuts. Now I love pine nuts - but in savoury dishes - it is just wrong eating them for breakfast. Also the rye bread was unlike any rye bread I have ever seen or tasted. It was basically white bread with a very strongly tasted herb. I think this may have been cumin - it was certainly not rye - and again it was totally unsuitable for breakfast.AdvantagesGreat locationMain bedroom was cleanComfortable bedFantastic Italian restuarant across the roadHandy for the tramParkingI would not recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to sleep (due to the noise). I am really surprised that all of the other reviews score this hotel so highly. Our room was seriously overpriced for what we got.	
Jun 15 2009 	Believe the hype !	We choose this hotel with the help of the trip advisor reviews and were very satisfied with the results.We stayed two nights and thoroughly enjoyed out stay. The location is fantastic - right in the heart of San Fran. The Powell-Hyde cable car stops right out the front which helps with the ridiculously steep SF hills. The BART station is a short walk away (4 blocks).The rooms are lovely &amp; comfortable and staff are fabulous. Cute dining room for reasonable priced breakfast (for hotel standards) but there is a Walgreens right next door is you want to DIY - breakfast / snacks.The complimentary rubber duck is a great touch ( Yes they are free to take)I would highly recommend the Chancellor for those on a moderate budget who want to find the heart of San Francisco .	
Jun 14 2009 	Perfect location great value in an intimate hotel	This was my second visit to the Chancellor, and it continues to amaze me. The location, right on Union Square and a cable car line, are just perfect. No view of the bay, but everything else is right there. Restaurant breakfasts were excellent, rooms are small but beautifully appointed, and the staff is very accommodating. Highly recommended.	
Jun 14 2009 	Comfortable and a good location	We got this hotel through our Travel Agents when booking a tour of the US West Coast. Very pleased, quite central and on the route of those fabulous cable cars. Rooms comfortable, but small, bathroom OK, staff friendly and helpful. Loads of good eating places nearby. Would I use it again?? Yes.	
Jun 13 2009 	Wonderful Hotel!	I was in San Francisco the first week of June for a conference and chose to stay at the Chancellor Hotel after reading all of the wonderful reviews on TripAdvisor. My wife and mother-in-law tagged along to do some sightseeing. Being from rural Pennsylvania, we weren't quite sure what to expect, but we were pleasantly surprised by every aspect of this hotel. Rooms: The rooms are tastefully decorated and cozy. The bathrooms weren't as small as I expected. The flat screen TV was very nice and there was a small desk for me to set up my laptop. Our room was very clean. It was also very quiet considering that the hotel is in the heart of the city, the cable car runs right in front of the building and we had our windows open the whole stay. When we checked in, I asked for a quiet room and the staff delivered. Our room was on the 15th floor and at the back of the building. I do have to remind readers that this hotel doesn't have AC. We didn't need it since the high temperatures each day never got past the low 70s. However, if you're one of those people that has to have AC, this isn't the hotel for you. Service: Everyone was very friendly and helpful, from the bell staff to the cleaning service. We arrived in the city early and our room wasn't ready, so we left our luggage with the bellman. Once our room was available, the person at the front desk said that they would bring our luggage up. I figured we would see it in about a half an hour, but to my surprise the luggage was brought up about two minutes after we stepped into our room. The cleaning person on our floor was also very friendly. We opted not to have our room cleaned every day, but whenever she saw us, she asked if we needed any additional towels or toiletries. Finally, I'd like to mention Susan at the Tourist Desk. She's one of the hotel's stars as far as we're concerned. She booked tours for us, gave directions, helped us with transportation and was just a wonderful, friendly person who always said hello when we walked past and asked us how our day was going. She helped make our trip enjoyable, since part of the fun of travelling is meeting new people. Value: Considering the location, the room rates were quite reasonable. The hotel offers complimentary tea, coffee and delicious cookies 24/7. There is also complimentary wireless Internet access in each room. If we ever return to San Francisco, we'll definitely be staying at the Chancellor.	
Jun 12 2009 	And I think to myself - what a wonderful place...	I went to San Francisco with a friend for 6 days as a start of a little over two weeks vacation in California. I picked the Chancellor hotel after reading such raving reviews about it on trip advisor and after calculating all our needs - it just seemed to be the perfect one for us. I took a shot and boy, did it pay off!This is by far, one of the best hotels I've ever been in. From the moment we got there (after 17 hours flight!) - we felt at home. The entire place is non smoking, which is a plus for us, the room was very nicely decorated, clean, had nice touches like the flat screen TV and the little jar of candies that awaited us when we got there. The beds were comfortable and everything was just perfect. The only thing I would mention that maybe some people should consider is that rooms that face Powell st. might be a little noisy due to the cable car passing by, and also, don't expect a huge room, the rooms are cozy. But again - we loved the room so non of the above applied to us.Other great things besides the room - complimentary coffee, cookies and newspapers in the lobby made our day each day, and since we travelled sans laptop - the free internet in the lobby worked well for us. Can't write a review without mentioning the great location - lots of good restaurants around, shops, attractions, easy access by public transportation to all parts of the city nearby.The hotel staff are so helpful, useful, smiling people we just enjoyed approaching whenever we needed something. I'm sorry I don't remember the name of the specific receptionist who assisted us, but they were all equally nice. After 6 days in the hotel, we loved it so much that before we continued our trip throughout California, we knew we would be back in San Francisco the last weekend before we go back home, we decided to book the same hotel again for 2 nights. Since we knew we were coming back there we asked the front desk if we could leave some luggage there, and they happily agreed, which definitely gave the place even more credit points on our part (Thanks for helping us not pay the excess baggage on the plane guys! :)...Well, after all that - yes, I definitely recommend staying in the Chancellor, and I will definitely go back there if/when I go back to San Fran.	
Jun 9 2009 	TOP LOCATION.......GREAT PRICE !	This is the best base and value for a San Francisco visit. Good friendly bar, nice restaurant and every thing on the doorstep. Rooms are large but unfortunately do not have self catering facilities but mini marts nearby and free tea/coffee/biscuits 24 hours in the foyer. If booking on the net ask first for the best rate available. You'll get a surprise when compared to the published rates.If staying more than 3 days get a &quot;MUNI&quot; pass available from the Info centre at Powell St station read it carefully and youll understand why I suggest you use it but refain from activating it straight away. Study the transport system map carefully because it gets you all over the the main attractions. Dont miss going to Castro for a wander about the gay scene &amp; North beach and Cow Hollow are great to watch the locals	
Jun 4 2009 	Just OK for the price	Yes, the location is great and full marks for hotel management making the best of what they have (modern touches, nice pillows, toiletries, etc.). Reception staff were OK (nothing special), but the Japanese (?) lady at the information desk was atrocious (poor English and very abrupt attitude).Also, despite knowing full well that there was no aircon, it was a wrong decision on our part. The room was not hot as such, but it was very stuffy (even with the ceiling fan) and you couldn't keep the windows open at night due to the loud noise from the cooling vents from the adjacent building and street noise (and this was the top floor !). We could also hear the occupants of the next room laughing late at night, so the walls are obviously very thin.Next time, we will pay a little more and hopefully get something a bit more comfortable.	
Jun 3 2009 	Loved it! Excellent friendly service and great location.	I always use this site to make my choices of hotels and therefore I thought it was time to help someone else! The Chancellor Hotel was an excellent choice, with clean bedrooms, very friendly staff and the only problem we had was finding their parking lot. Had an excellent meal at Sears, the restaurant next door, though it was a little pricey. But then everything seemed pricey in SF. A tip for getting on the cable car in Union Square....try to get on at the lights before the stop. We waited for about 4 to pass us full up before we twigged it was what the locals were doing. Boudins at the wharf was fantastic, but I thought $8.50 was a little steep at the Buena Vista Cafe for a Bailey's coffee, especially for breakfast. Got one of the 3 day Muni passes from the lady in the travel office at the hotel and that was a real saver.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great Value	Stayed 1 night. Got inclusive rate with parking and $25 for meals/drinks at hotel for $116. Thought it was great value. While rooms won't appeal to those who need luxury as they are a bit small and a bit 50ish in style -- (including the old fashioned glass doorknobs and pipe runnning along upper valence). They are well soundproofed, decently decorated and very clean. In addition the Chancellor is doing all the extra service right. Coupon for 2 drinks at 1/2 price in room at bar where quiet jazz played. Unexpectedly good breakfast oft an omelette, toast and juice for 2 for only a bit over $25. (even provided salsa when requested) Location can't be beat. I'd suggest staying here instead of a more expensive place and spend your money on a great dinner out.	
May 31 2009 	Amazing location and great hotel	The Chancellor is just up Powell Street from Union Square - it's hard to imagine a better location if you're in town to see the sights (loads of nice shops and restaurants nearby and easy access to - for example - the ferry to Alcatraz). The staff were very nice and friendly. Our room was tastefully and stylishly decorated. However, best of all, the hotel offers free cookies and coffee 24/7 in the hotel lobby - unbeatable.	
May 29 2009 	What a little gem of a place!!	We visited San Francisco for 4 nights as part of our Honeymoon and stayed here. I didn't give much thought to the place when we booked (via a travel agent), as I thought it was a reasonably priced hotel option....but we were extremely happy to have stayed here. This place is brilliant...location, price, friendly staff, lovely rooms! Its located right on the main street were the cable cars pass so getting around is sooo easy.The staff (all of them) were extremely friendly and helpful. The room was recently and nicely decorated, with a flat screen TV. I didn't eat in the restaurant (apart from breakfast one morning - which was good), so I can't comment too much on that. The bar is small, but the staff are super nice. They bring down a popcorn cart in the evenings which leave a really inviting small throughout the lobby, bar and hallways - I thought it was a nice touch!We really loved San Francisco and could have stayed for another month easily! We WILL be back and we WILL be staying here again.	
May 27 2009 	To Experience San Francisco you stay at The Chancellor	San Francisco is one of our favourite holiday destinations and this time we stayed at The Chancellor - how could we have not stayed here before?? Its location is the best you could ask for. The hotel itself was clean, friendly and had a homely feel about it. From the moment you check in it seemed that everything else would be taken care of no matter what. Each of the staff, whatever their role, were always ready to assist and instantly they had a smile on their faces - something we don't see enough of today. Our four day stay was certainly memorable and we thank you for making it all so easy.The Andersons, Brisbane, Australia.	
May 26 2009 	Simply wonderful	I just returned from a 5 night stay at the Chancellor Hotel. I came into San Francisco with a friend to attend my son's law school graduation. From the minute I walked into the lobby, I was charmed by this gem of a hotel. The room was just perfect. Not too big, not too small. I needed to adjust to sleeping in a twin bed but the bed was so comfortable as were the pillows. The staff was so helpful and nice. The hotel was a short walk to great shopping and a quick Muni ride to my son's apartment. We were pretty centrally located for just about everything. Even though the room faced Powell Street, you would never know that there was a busy street just outside. Noise was not a problem. The restaurant downstairs off the lobby was great. They have the best home fries ever!! And you can't miss with cookies and tea in the lobby area all the time. Thanks Wes for running such a great place. Thank your staff for making this special trip even more special. If only you could have done something about the weather!!	
May 26 2009 	Value and excellent location	Spot on location in the cebtre just off union Square. Service ok but a bit cold.Nice fairly old but decent rooms all be it a bit small.Recommended if you just need a decent hotel to sleep and not much else.	
May 26 2009 	Wonderful Hotel! Can't say enough great things!	We stayed at the Chancellor over Memorial Day weekend and loved it! No complaints and we would never hesitate to stay here again. I'd recommend it to everyone. The staff was very nice and very helpful. For me, the free coffee and cookies were the best part- I drink a lot of coffee, so it was great to grab a cup in the mornings, or when we got back after a long day. It was good coffee, and the cookies were so yummy! We didn't eat in the restaurant, but we were under-whelmed with the breakfast we ordered from room service. The bar makes great drinks though! And the woman at the little shop was a wealth of knowledge. Our room was on the 13th floor and very quiet, and the ceiling fan was more than enough to keep us cool. The bed was comfy and the room was spotless. The bathrooms are small and older, but clean and simple, and the bathtub is huge. They offer a pillow menu, which is a nice touch, and so was the flat screen tv. The rooms are also on the small side, but we didn't have a problem. They are decorated nicely, very modern, and we had plenty of room for the 2 of us. The location can't be beat- right in the heart of Union Square. Sears Diner is right next door, and I recommend the Daily Grill for a nice meal, which is one block down on Geary. The shopping in Union Square is amazing too! The cable cars stop right at the hotel, and the walk from the BART station to the hotel is quick and easy. Definitely take the BART from the airport, its the cheapest and easiest way to go. Also- a cab to/from Piers 33 and 39 are about 10 bucks each way. Everything all the reviews here say are true- great stay, outstanding value, loved it!	
May 24 2009 	Great Location - Good Value	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Chancellor. Staff was very helpful, room was good. Location was ideal. Only complaint - room was very noisy at night if you kept the window open. Ceiling fan was adequate, but would have preferred air-conditioning. Would recommend the Chancellor for price and location. Would probably stay there again.	
May 21 2009 	Best hotel!	This was my first trip to San Francisco, and when I visit again I will stay at this hotel!The service is excellent, some of the best I've ever encountered. The reservations manager, Kevin, is amazing at responding questions over email before you arrive. He made sure that all my requests were accomodated (high floor, quiet room), and the front desk staff knew every single detail about them when I arrived. As far as location, this can't be beat! It is right in Union Square and you can walk to everything. Even in such a bustling location, our room was very quiet (13th floor), clean, and comfortable. The housekeeping staff left the room sparkling clean every day, they were amazing!We had family staying in another room on the same floor. None of us had any complaints - just praise for everything! They even had a bottle of wine and a gift waiting for me in my room because they knew it was my birthday weekend!!! Truly a great, great experience. We're going back to SF and will stay here again. I highly recommend!	
May 19 2009 	One of the nicest Hotels I have ever stayed in	Just spent 9 nights in The Chancellor Hotel. I am Happy to say myself and 3 friends have NO complaints about this Hotel, we loved it. It is clean comfortable and convienent to everywhere. Staff are lovely expecially the lady at the bar and the lady at the tour desk. Free coffee and cookies 24/7. Oh and was that coffee good. I miss my room mate bringing me early morning coffee and cookies. We were on the 13th floor and it was nice and quiet (as we requested). You get a choice of pillows, I chose one for insomnia and one for my snoring friend. If I ever go back to S.F. I will definitely stay at this Hotel.	
May 18 2009 	Not fancy but a lot to offer...	This is an excellent location for a visit to San Francisco. As everyone says, the rooms are small, and the bathroom is incredibly tiny (think European hotel) but the location and the price are just right. We found the room cute enough, and quiet. I thought the bed was a little too soft, but not unbearable, and the lobby and bar lack any charm. That said, it's very clean, the staff was helpful, and you are in the heart of union square for less than san francisco prices.	
May 15 2009 	Friendly low key hotel with all the amenities in a perfect location.	The hotel staff was friendly and helpful-when I asked about a sushi place within walking distance, the desk clerk gave me a gift certificate worth $20. A wide variety of restaurants of all kinds were close by.The room had a bathtub, the windows opened, free (and pretty good) coffee was available all day, with wireless internet and lots of pay per view movies.	
May 15 2009 	Best deal in the city!	We LOVED this hotel. Found it as a last minute deal on hotwire for 99/n + $75 in foor/drinks.. the rooms were cozy but had a big closet with more than enough room for our stuff. both bedroom and bathroom were very clean, and the beds were super comfortable. we always ate breakfast at the hotel and it was always delicious. there was no down side to staying here. highly recommended if you want a good deal in this location.. oh and if you want a quiet room just request one, we didn't mind giving up big city views for a good nights sleep.	
May 12 2009 	great customer service value 	OK, it's not easy to please this demanding New Yorker; and you should know I like to beat a dead horse when I plan family vacations. I picked this hotel for multiple reasons, but mostly for the manager's hands on service. I drove him nuts, yet he accommodated me above and beyond anyone's norm. We had a party of 8, and needed 4 rooms on the same floor. We arrived at midnight, and everything was done and waiting for us. Because it's an older landmark-boutique hotel the room sizes aren't large, but not small either and the bathrooms are slightly dated. However, the service, from the manager to the bell hop was outstanding. Housekeeping was wonderful in maintaining everything very clean, linens, carpet, towels, etc. The lobby restaurant got us going at breakfast.The central location gave us easy access to just about everything. The nice lady at the day trip desk helped us with everything SF has to offer. If I went back to SF, I'd stay at The Chancellor again, 'nough said. (and I'm writing this review almost a year after our stay)	
May 12 2009 	I can't imagine there being a better hotel in San Francisco	We have travelled the World, and stayed in many beautiful hotels, but this is the best experience we have ever had. From the reservation process right through to checking out, everything was just perfect. The Chancellor, in my opinion, excel at every turn. Above and beyond the physical aspects of this fine hotel, the service the staff offer is the best we have ever seen. Why? - because they genuinely care about their guests. Nothing else is more apparent.Now to the basics - I'll follow the TripAdvisor criteria in order:1) CleanlinessRoom and all public areas absolutely spotless. So fresh and clean and well looked after. We stayed a number of nights, and the standards never slipped once. Perfect.2) LocationThe best location in the city. Right on Union Square, right by the cable cars, right by the best of everything in the city. We have been to San Francisco a number of times and would never stay anywhere else. As a tourist in the city, the two main neighborhoods you tend to consider are Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf. In my opinion, Union Square wins hands down. The Wharf is a bit too tacky, a bit too touristy, and in general, a bit overpriced (restaurant wise). And it tends to die a death at night. Eerily quiet. Union Square has great places for breakfast (World Famous Sears is right next door, Lori's on corner of next block), and loads to do at night (very near cinema's, theatre district (Wicked recommended). During the day, go shopping crazy. Borders Bookstore is right next door as well - and is open seven days, never closing before 11pm - a nice little excursion in the evening. And Walgreen's is on the same block as the hotel - for all your snacking and pharmacy needs...3) RoomsBeautiful room. We stayed in 905, and would recommend it to anyone. Side view over Union Square, nice modern decor, flat screen tv, perfect bathroom with lovely big bathtub. Dreamy bed. Great storage space. Lovely desk. Awesome extras in room such as umbrella and iron/ironing board (neither of which you get at the Westin next door!). Safe, WiFi internet etc etc etc. Perfect!4) ServiceAbove everything else - this is what will stick with me. The staff is friendly, polite, professional, and - like i said before - they care! Other little service touches such as the rubber duck in the bathroom and the awesome pillow menu, all add up to a memorable, unique hotel experience.5) ValueBest value I've ever encountered in a fairly pricey city. Dollar for dollar you will not get any better. Even the parking charges (garage just round the corner) were good. I highlight this as SF is normally a nightmare for parking! When I think about it, I'm amazed - We were sitting in a gorgeous hotel in the heart of the city, looking out over the wonderful Union Square, and enjoying the first class service provided by the Chancellor staff. If I could have shouted over to a guest in the neighboring Westin St.Francis, and asked them what they were paying, I'm sure it wouldn't have been $85 a night...(we payed between $85 and $125 per night in April. Incredible value - and I'm Scottish!!! (yes, we're renowned for being a little too careful with our money...)Other Chancellor stuff...free cookies at reception! - nice touch. The legendary Susan at the bookings desk who got us a car when there didn't appear to be a spare one in the whole of the city, complementary newspapers, lovely bar and restaurant with quality food!, the wonderful surprise in our room for our special occasion!, Barbary Coast nights on Fri and Sat.....oh and so much more............A very big thank you to everyone at the Chancellor. You all made our stay in San Francisco the best ever, and we can't wait to come back and enjoy your hospitality again in the future.Steve and Erika xx	
May 12 2009 	Great value	I booked this hotel based on Trip Adviser reviews and wasn't disappointed. I was prepared for the small room and bathroom, and I even knew about the raised floor in the bathroom because another reviewer had mentioned it. Of course that didn't stop me from tripping myself : ) I travelled with my partner and it was a cozy room that was fine for a short stay. If we had stayed longer, I would probably spend more and stay at Hotel Rex again for a bit more room -- paid $105 for Chancellor and $145 for Rex. This would be the perfect place if I was traveling alone -- plenty of room for one person and a great location.Staff were great and we enjoyed those tasty cookies everyone mentions. We asked for a quiet room when we booked and that's exactly what we got.We took the BART to and from the airport -- this cost $10.70 for two people each direction and only took 40 minutes. If you're going to take the cable car, get a one-day pass for $11 rather than $5 for two trips, and make sure you take the California line too!	
May 11 2009	Best Deal in San Francisco	Went with my daughter, my first visit to SF. Excellent deal for $99.00...shopped the internet for this...included $25.00 per day for meals in the wonderful restaurant,plus free parking. Excellent location in downtown Union Square, all the big name stores, Chinatown, Wharf, everything is in walking, driving, or public transportation distance. The staff were all wonderful. Free internet...so bring your laptop !! Room is very small but very clean !! Beds are comfy. We loved this little hotel and would stay here again and recommend it to all family and friends. We asked for the quiet side...not a great view...but we were there to shower and sleep...	
May 11 2009 	Ideal Location	My new wife and i spent the first few days of our honeymoon at the chancellor on union between April 20th and 24th 2009. The staff on the front desk were amazing, they couldn't do enough to help us. Room was small though your only there to sleep and bed was comfotable after a long day sightseeing, Cable car stops are out the front of the hotel and take you down to bay st (about 3 blocks from fishermans wharf) which was very convenient. Taxi rank is a block away and the sightseeing bus has a stop out the front of macy's across from union square. We walked to at&amp;t park for the baseball from this hotel and it only took us 20mins which wasn't to tough.The management gave us a gift of champagne and a picture frame which was a lovely gesture on the hotels part and we thank you very much.All in all we would definatley return to this hotel further down the track we had a lovely stay	
May 10 2009 	Very Nice Stay	Stayed here for three nights in May 2009. Loved the fact that the hotel is centrally located in Union Square. Also located right next to Sears ( which serves awesome breakfast-arrive early). The hotel has fresh baked cookies and a bowl of apples for guests.The room was small but tastefully decorated. The soaking tub is a nice feature-great after a long day of walking. As mentioned earlier, they offer a selection of pilows. They also offer various add ons for the tub (for a small fee) such as jets and bath pillows.For fun try taking the stairs from the lobby to the 11th or 12th floor a few times. No other exercise will be necessary.I would definitely stay here again.	
May 9 2009 	Everything you need in a great location!!	My wife and I have just returned from our stay at the Chancellor. Got a great deal through Expedia and only paid £250 for 4 nights!!The location is spot on. I have spoken to others who prefer the Fishermans Wharf area, but I just don't see it myself. Union Square is the place to be if you want to be central. Tram stop right outside the door!Staff were very friendly and helpful. I would say that Susan (works on the tour desk in the hotel reception) may come across abrupt, but she is a lovely lady and will get you pretty much anything you need. You can book all your tours through her and she will call the relevant companies while you wait to make sure that you are confirmed. The tour desk doesn't open til after 9am but is open well into the evening (I think as late as 9pm).The room we had wasn't as small as we were expecting. Very clean, nice decor and a VERY comfortable bed and great pillows. They even have a pillow menu and you can choose from a number of options but we thought the standard ones were perfect!Free tea and coffee with cookies in the hotel reception too and free internet access!My only criticism was that our bathroom looked abit dated but it would not put me off staying here again or recommending the Chancellor to others.So in summary, great hotel, great location, great staff.A word of warning to those wanting to shop in SF. It is not as cheap as you may think for clothes!! Be very careful. I found a designer shirt at Heathrow for £100 and the EXACT same shirt off Union Square was $285 (£185). Jimmy Choo shoes in UK - £343 vs $595 (£391)!! You have been warned.	
May 8 2009 	Great stay at Hotel Chancellor	My husband and I stayed at Chancellor for 2 nights in May. Late night arrival was easily accommodated. Room recently renovated, and agree that it was on the small side. However, we got a great deal on expedia (about $150 a night) so didn't expect a large room and were more than happy with it as it was clean and very comfortable. The real bonus was the deep tub in the bathroom - perfect for soaking after a long day walking up and down the great San Fran hills! Bed was fantastic and pillow menu great. Location-wise, the Hotel is practically on Union Square with a cable car stop to take you down to Fishermans Wharf. Didn't eat at the restaurant, but all other service was fantastic. Would definitely stay again	
May 8 2009 	Overdue Rave Review	This was my first trip to SF and, once again, Trip Advisor pulls through. There's a reason this hotel is so highly rated --- location, helpful staff and price all combine to make this a hq for your stay in SF. Trolley right outside door -- BART from airport three blocks (uphill naturally!), great restaurants within a three block radius and a great room rate. Don't know what people are talking about noise - my room was very well insulated -- my single room and bathroom was small but very clean and comfortable. And Borders bookstore is right next door! Bellmen and front desk staff were a great help in storing bags, providing directions and advice. Trust the reviews -- this place is well worth your hard-earned vacation dollars. You'll get the full SF experience right outside your doorway.	
May 5 2009 	Great hotel great location - would def stay here again.	I thought this hotel was great. The location was superb. Right on Union Square with a cable car stop right outside the door. Shops and other transport links extremely close by - Saks is right accross the road! We had to get the BART to the Basketball and it was a short walk down the street to the train station. Staff were very friendly and yes, there is free cookies, tea &amp; coffee and popcorn! Had breakfast as Sears next door and the Cheesecake Factory accross the road which you have to go to. The rooms were an okay size - not too small but not large - but more than enough given you're out all day. Bed was comfortable and everything was very clean. Didn't really get much noise from outside either. Would totally recommend and definately go back if I was to visit San Fran again.	
May 4 2009 	It was wonderful	I originally found this hotel on Trip Advisor and was impressed by the way that the manager Wes Tyler took ownership of comments. I began corresponding with him and mentioned how we were traveling to SF in April. Wes told me to let him know if we would be staying in the city. I did and couldn't be happier. The Chancellor is an older hotel with one restaurant and a charming bar. The rooms are on the smaller side but have great high ceilings. The bathroom while not spacious by today's standards had a big deep soaking tub.As to the location and staff nothing could have been better. When we checked in on our anniversary there was a bottle of champagne with two flutes waiting as well as a gift wrapped picture frame with the Chancellor logo.Sorry this is so long but it deserves it .Gail	
May 4 2009 	Perfect for what we were looking for and great price!	We were there for a city tour as part of week in CAlifornia, my first time in SFO. What I usually look for in an hotel is the clealiness, the location and the price, well the Chancellor had all 3 of them!Right on Union Square, in front of the cable car stop, free internet service on a spare pc and whenever you feel for some refreshements, coffee, tea and good biscuits are always available at the reception.If you arrive from the airport(both SFO international and Oackland, instead of taking a cab, I suggest to use the transfer from the hotel, definatley cheap.	
May 1 2009 	Best price/quality ratio in town	My third stay at the Chancellor was as good as the first two. Five star location, five star service, and little added touches (a mini-safe in the room, an umbrella for rainy days, an iron to press your clothes, coffee/tea/cookies/popcorn in the lobby)... Very clean rooms, recently refurbished with new large screen LCD TV's, new lamps, fans, etc. You can see this is a very well run hotel that is built on customer satisfaction. In my view, the Chancellor is the best choice for smart travellers.	
Apr 30 2009 	MMMM Free Cookies!	Ending our honeymoon trip after Vegas and Maui, we thought it would be a good idea to settle back itno a slight city life with 3 nights here over the Easter period before returning to London.Location was supberb, right in Union Square so great for you shopaholics out there! The hotel is classic, authentic yet modern with nice staff and bonus of constantly refilled tea/coffee in the hallway (no space in the rooms for this) but best of all a nice supply of cookies for the day trips or a nice evening snack!Rooms were smaller than expected and a bit of a cram to fit 2 suitcases on the floor. The bathroom was ok but the glass provided did was not cleaned the entire stay and you could tell was not cleaned for a long time because on the rim of the glass, the yellow limescale or mould was building up!Because this is an old building, the hotel no doubt has rooms very close to each other with thin walls. We could hear the guests next door being very &quot;intimate&quot; even when they turned up the radio to try and drown out the sound. We could here the street noise though the windows and one morning we could actually smell weed from one of the other rooms via the air vents.Apart from these incidents, we enjoyed our stay at the Chancelor and the chapagne, sweet jar and pillow choice were a nice touch to end our honeymoon.	
Apr 29 2009 	For the price this place is perfect	I stayed here by myself one night and couldn't have picked a better place. Total came to $100 which was perfect for the location. The room and bathroom was small but clean and the bed was super comfortable. Plus free chocolate chip cookies!	
Apr 29 2009 	Perfect Location	An excellent hotel right in the thick of everything. Went for my wife's Birthday and the folks at the Chancellor gave us a room on the top floor with a nice view of Union Square. A bottle of champagne was also waiting for us in the room which was a very nice touch. The rooms have recently been renovated and are just great, complete with free wireless.I am a very picky person and was a little nervous about staying in a smaller boutique hotel, but after reading the reviews I thought I would give it a try and I'm very glad I did. A great hotel that I would have no problem recommending to anyone.	
Apr 28 2009 	Value for money right downtown very friendly staff	We only spent two nights here on our way back from our honeymoon and we got a nice room with a great view. Even a bottle of champagne and a nice pictureframe so we can remember our honeymoon and where we stayed. Right around the corner from everything, a great value for your buck as we got a great deal booking directly with the hotel.	
Apr 28 2009 	a runner's review	I'm a runner, not a shopper. Chancellor Hotel is fabulous for both based on its location. If you wish to run on your trip, this is an excellent location. SF running club actually offers 3 routes based on being in Union Square. I did one of them and then made my own. Want to see the Wharf--challenge yourself up Powell and then it is all downhill to the wharf-- then take a right(all flat) and run the piers to return via Market--about 5 miles. Early morning is best, you have the city to yourself! As for the Chancellor--quiet, clean and terribly friendly. I requested late check out and was surprised by the generous time allotted. My room was cleaned one day by Lina--oh my, she is a tidy one--so thorough! The room was more than manageable--the bathroom brought back memories of an apartment I used to occupy built during the same time --very quaint! The complimentary cookies, coffee and tea was so lovely--they even offered soy milk, what a treat for this non milk drinker! I'm very pleased to have stayed at the Chancellor and will frequent it again since I fell in love with the city and must return. A couple of side notes:**if trying to find a gourmet snack or quick lunch--one street up and over (right above the tunnel) there is a liquor/market and it is wonderful. Stocked with great vegan wraps and quick dishes, as well as fresh produce and high end snacks. **want to explore a new church on Sunday--go to Glide which is a few blocks southwest of the hotel. Didn't know going into it, but it is the whose who of San Francisco churches. Glide is Methodist, but it is progressive with almost a full service of various gospel and praise songs. Not for the faint of heart--stand up and clap your hands! The members make you feel very much at home. **take the BART, so easy and cheap at 5.35 a ride from airport to Powell station.**check out the farmer's market on Saturday--great artisans and fresh food.**City Lights bookstore-- a must for any fans of poetry or bookstores of quality!	
Apr 26 2009 	A Welcome break!	We stayed at the chancellor on the last leg of our honeymoon. We arrived at SAN FRAN airport and jumped on the bart (underground type train) which took us to the bottom of powell st. We just dragged our bags up the street it took about 5 mins!  By this point in our trip my husband and I were getting a little fed up off the lack of tea in America (fellow brits will sympathise!) What a lovely treat to have tea and coffee on tap whenever you want! Much to my h delight they also had a constant supply of complimentry cookies! One night we were there they had out a pop corn machine which was delicious. When we got to our room it was like a little taste of home. They bed was the most comfy i have ever slept in, and the bathroom was spot less. They had also left a little honey moon bottle of wine and chocs which was so lovely. The hotel was in the best location possible and in the four days we were there we saw everything we wanted to and always used public transport. Fishermans wharf was our fav and if you wander just behind it there is a little safeway where you can buy all your american treats to take home with you. Overall one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in. When i returned i was chatting to my hairdresser and discovered she had stayed there the previous summer and thougt the same. A warning (nothing to do with hotel) When that mist comes over in the evening it is sooooo cold so make sure that you take a warm coat with you for the evenings.	
Apr 25 2009 	Still the best after all these years	This was our n-th stay at the Chancellor following a three-year absence, and the Chancellor is still the best choice in the City, great Union Square location, gracious service and best value. We really scored by getting the newly remodeled room with very stylish, dark wood furniture and emerald green upholstered chairs, flat screen TV, and a view onto Powell Street. Loved it! Bathroom is small, representative of the early 20th Century construction era but squeeky clean, with snow white towels, and one gets to keep the rubber ducky!! Upon check in, a two-for-one cocktail coupon is welcoming and a super nice touch. Chancellor is a fantastic place to stay in San Francisco	
Apr 21 2009 	Great little place in a great location!	My friend and I had originally booked a hotel elsewhere in San Francisco, making the mistake of not checking a website like this first! When we did find out that that hotel had very bad reviews, we cancelled and decided to come to the Chancellor Hotel after reading all the fantastic reviews and especially at such a good price. The hotel staff were very friendly from start to finish. The hotel room itself was a lot smaller than hotels I have previously stayed at in other US locations, but they are not very comparable as this is an old hotel and is in a very built up location. For a 4 day trip, it was more than comfortable - we didn't spend much time in the hotel room anyway - too much to see and do! The location itself was excellent, right at the heart of Union Square - worth a visit for shopping with places like Macy's and Tiffany's (even if only to look in!) right on your doorstep. Also in a fabulous place for riding the cable cars - although make sure you're waiting on the right side of the road!Breakfast at the hotel was lovely, though we did venture next door to Sear's on a couple of mornings, which sold heavenly pancakes and omlette's. It was possible to buy a pre made mix of their pancakes and also little bottles of their maple syrup.Chinatown is worth a visit - we were recommended to go to the Oriental Pearl by one of the staff members, which was walkable from the hotel.It i easy to get down to Fisherman's Wharf from the hotel using the cable cars. Also, if you plan on taking any trips, I can recommend Muir Woos, Sausilito, Alcatraz, a city tour and also Yosemite (which is a long day trip but definitely worth it) - the chancellor Hotel is on the pick up list of hotels for all these tours, which is a great convenience.and last but not least - cannot forget the free coffee and cookies! alwasy worth a trip to reception. I hope you enjoy your stay if you are going	
Apr 21 2009 	Great location	This is a great stay if you plan to do a lot in the city and needing a hotel in a great location. The room was small but big enough to manover our suit cases. The bathroom was clean and extra points for the jar of sweets, free cookies and hot drinks at the hotel.	
Apr 20 2009 	Great value for money a little gem	Really lovely hotel in an ideal location with lots of little touches that make your stay more enjoyable such as free tea/coffee &amp; cookies, umbrella in the closet, internet access &amp; wonderful staff. They were so helpful. The cable car is across the road which is very handy for getting down to the Wharf. Great location for the shops, just wish I'd had more shopping time! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay &amp; can’t recommend it highly enough to everyone.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great value in the heart of San Fran	Thanks TripAdvisor--the reviews guided us to a wonderful hotel again! My wife and I stayed at the Chancellor on holiday in April 2009. We generally agree w/ the reviews we read.The location is perfect and the value was great. For a three day stay midweek WITH parking, the rate was $106/day. Similar hotels (or, perhaps better according to the rating guides) were available for similar prices, not including parking, which is usually another $20-50. And, the amenities like the free wireless internet were a nice touch. With the current economy, it is possible to get good hotel deals now in San Francisco--just watch the different websites and don't hesitiate to call the hotel to negotiate. Here's the quick run-down: -Great value!-Location on Union Square is great-Front-desk staff were attentive and very helpful. -Rooms were clean, seemed to be recently remodeled with decent furnishings, paint, carpet, flat-screen TV, etc. While not large, they are spacious enough and the building does not necessarily show its age. -Housekeeping could be better [One day we returned about 16:00 from a day of walking around the city and the room had not been serviced. When brought to the attention of the front desk, somone was at our room within 20 min. While this was not a disaster, we did not expect to find the room unmade at the end of the day, when all we wanted was a few hours to relax before dinner. Also, there were some minor clean-up things that were not attended-to over the course of our stay.]-Cookies and pillow menu are a nice touch. With the combo of location, good price, decent amenities and wonderful staff, I would wholeheartedly recommend the Chancellor to friends and family. In fact, I suggested it to my mother. I would consider that a ringing endorsement!	
Apr 15 2009 	Great location clean reasonable.	As noted on some other reviews, the rooms and especially the bathrooms are not very big at all, but perfectly suitable for a four day trip to San Francisco. Who wants to spend too much time in their room anyway? The linen and towels were clean as was the room itself. Complimentary tea, coffee and cookies all day - lovely gesture and greatly appreciated. Susan, who works in the gift shop/tourist information was fantastic giving us advice on how to make the most of our short stay in SF. She pre-booked Alcatraz for us and the City Tour. Using her advice we purchased a MUNI pass (three day pass for $18) giving unlimited transport on the trams, street cars and buses. Their transport system is brilliant. We made great use of these passes. One day we used the passes to cross the city to the Pacific for a paddle, then back to the Golden Gate Bridge. We walked across the bridge and down the hill into Sausalito, had a lovely afternoon and got the ferry back to Pier 1! We were also up and down Powell Street to Fishermans Wharf on the cable cars all the time, great fun - even for a pair of 50+ year olds!Taxis from the airport appear to be quite expensive so we used the BART (rail system) to get from the aiport to Market Street/Powell Street (cost about $5.35 each one way). Very easy to use. Get off at Powell and walk about six blocks up Powell Street to the Chancellor. Returning to the aiport we used the shuttle service recommended by Susan for $14 each. Well worth it - knowing we had a full day travelling home ahead of us.There are a few homeless people around Union Square, apparently they filter in from the Tenderloin area (about 4 blocks behind this hotel) but we didn't have any problems with them at all.We had a great stay at the Chancellor; we found everyone to be very helpful and friendly and would not hesitate in recommending it.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great location great value	This hotel is in a great location, right next to Union Square where all the best shopping is, and the cable cars stop right outside to take you directly to Fishermans Wharf.Rooms are very comfortable, not too big but big enough. Bathrooms a a bit small but ok.Breakfasts are excellent.Great value for money. We paid $89.00 per night per room. The Westin St Francis next door was charging $244 p/n.	
Apr 12 2009 	A disappointment	After reading great reviews I was excited to book this hotel untill we arrived. First of all we had to circle the block about 5 times because there was not any space in front of the hotel to pull over and unload our luggage. Second, the bathroom left much to be desired. It was clean but due to the shabby renovation it felt dirty to me. Overall, we both wish we had spent the little extra money it would have been to stay at one of the Marriotts or other nicer hotels.The positives were that the off site parking garage was easy to get to and the staff was very fast and efficient. Also, the location is great and the free wifi was nice to have.	
Apr 11 2009 	Good Hotel - Great location	Having read the reviews on the site we booked this Hotel I can only endorse what has been written before. This is a good class hotel in a fantastic location. The hotel is in a period building located about 5 min walk from Powell St BART / Muni station. The rooms we were allocated were clean, tidy and in very good order. The public areas are kept in first class condition, with a small bar serving cold beer after a days sight seeing!. There is a resturant adjacent to the bar but as we did not use it I can not comment. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to other members or friends and family.	
Apr 6 2009 	Good value great location but ...	This hotel was in an extremely good location and well-priced for central San Francisco. It's on the cable car routes, close to a BART station (direct line from the airport) and right on Union Square. The front desk staff were friendly, helpful and professional. The rooms were a reasonable size and reasonably decorated and furnished. The bed was comfortable. The free wi-fi seemed fast and reliable.However, the free coffee in the foyer was undrinkable, but the range of teas were much better and more palatable. We also tried to buy MUNI passes from the foyer &quot;shop&quot;. It didn't open until 9am, which isn't great if you want to start a day of sight-seeing early (to catch the early bird ferry to Alcatraz, for example). On the day that we wanted to buy the pass, it wasn't open at 9, and it wasn't open at 10, when we left the hotel for the day.	
Apr 6 2009 	A fantastic hotel in a great location	We stayed here for 3 nights, and were delighted at having chosen so well. The location for food and shopping was excellent, and with a cable car line outside the front door, its easy to get anywhere else. The staff were very friendly and helpful, even assisting us in getting tickets for the ball game (as we knew absolutely nothing about the sport, this was harder for them than it sounds!). The room was large and clean, although the first room we had overlooked a huge air-conditioning unit. We moved as we wanted a double bed instead of two singles. The second room benefited from a view of the street and a huge walk-in wardrobe.The bathrooms were in need of a spruce up, e.g. chipped enamel in the bath.Apart from that small gripe, I would heartily recommend this hotel.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great hotel - shame about the noise	This is a great hotel. The staff are good, the breakfast is fantastic (don't bother going out to search for breakfast if it's not included - it's all about the same price and this is a lot less hassle), the rooms are well decorated and clea, the beds are enormous and the whole experience is very relaxing. The location during the day for travelling about the city was great and we covered an awful lot just by taking the cable car, trams and buses. The only hiccup was the noise. Yes this is in the city centre and I should've expected it but it was noisy outside until about 2am and kickedd off again about 5am. THIS IS NOT THE HOTEL'S FAULT. It is also not their fault that you are harassed by homeless people when you are outside in the environs of Union Square from early evening all night. I felt very uncomfortable and some of them were aggressive. But the hotel in itself is fantastic, please don't overlook it.	
Apr 1 2009 	Great Hotel - Don't Look Anywhere Else!	Had two two-night stays in the same week in the Chancellor while on holiday in San Francisco. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. The rooms I stayed in were perhaps a little small, but perfectly adequate - clean, quiet, comfortable!The hotel is ideally located for shopping and the cable cars, as well as BART. My friend and I ate in the hotel restaurant and the food really was fantastic, so full marks to the chef as well as to the whole team.I would have no hesitation in staying at this hotel again. It's a great hotel in a great location with great service.	
Mar 31 2009 	Safe bet great location	Stayed there for 10days, the location is excellent, right on union square (ask a room on the back if you don't want to hear the cable car). Very professional staff. It's a good alternative to the very expensive hotels. One small critic: there were no refrigirators in the rooms.	
Mar 29 2009 	excellent location and value	just returned from a three week trip San Francisco-LA-San Diego-Vegas. Started at this well appointed hotel , easy check in , polite staff, lovely rooms shame no coffee in the room and the bathrooms a bit small. However an excellent starbucks accross the road.Shame the bar closed early found it difficult to have a drink in the area after 10pm. But if thats what the locals do when in Rome -----.Weather was cold, rain and hail the shops selling fleeces, raincoats, etc did well. China Town was dead perhaps out of season. Loved the food at Bubba Gumps in Fishermans warf.	
Mar 26 2009 	Fantastic hotel - great value for money	Hotel totally exceeded my expectations - fantastic value for money. Rooms were spacious and decorated to a high standard. Hotel staff were helpful. Location is ideal, right next to main shopping district with good transport links. If you're flying into San Francisco Airport (SFO) for around $5 you can take the BART train directly to Powell St. station, the walk from here is only around 4 mins - much cheaper than a taxi, and probably a lot quicker.Would definitely recommend and stay again if I'm ever in town.	
Mar 24 2009 	A Perfect Stay at the Chancellor Hotel!	The Chancellor Hotel provided a perfect four-night / five-day stay for us! It has the charm &amp; features of an established, small hotel. Our standard room (#601) was comfortable with its fresh, updated &amp; contemporary decor. Our room faced Powell Street. The sound-proofing was very good &amp; we enjoyed peaceful sleeps. The service from hotel staff was excellent. The location near Union Square and on the Powell-Hyde Street cable car line is convenient to shops, restaurants &amp; other transportation links.There were other things we noted about the Chancellor Hotel:&gt; We arrived in San Francisco on an early-morning flight &amp; the hotel was able to honor our request for an early check-in! We were invited to sit in the bar area &amp; have a cup of coffee while we waited a short time for our room to be ready. &gt;We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary. There was a bottle of sparkling white wine, two champagne glasses &amp; a card from the hotel waiting for us in the room when we arrived! Lovely!&gt;An umbrella was available in the room for our use. &gt;The hotel provided a number of pillow choices for a more comfortable sleep!These small gestures made a big impact! We were appreciative!Service, comfort, location &amp; value are good reasons to stay at the Chancellor Hotel. We will return to the Chancellor on our next visit to San Francisco!	
Mar 23 2009 	The Chancellor Hotel- A Home Away From Home!	I had the absolute pleasure of staying at the Chancellor from March 15 to the 19th. I had initially booked the hotel based on the rave reviews that I read on Trip Advisor. The hotel (and restaurant!) lived up to the positive reviews in so many ways. From the moment I registered, I felt like I was staying somewhere special. My room was adorable, fresh, clean and had a fabulous view of Union Square. The location was just fantastic and the sound of the cable cars going by was such a treat. More than anything though, the people at the Chancellor made the experience so delightful. The bellhop who brought up my bags was an affable guy named Matt who made me laugh. I had stayed at a much more impersonal hotel the night before so I really needed to giggle! :) For two mornings, I ate in the hotel restaurant and was served by an extremely kind gentleman. I wish I could remember his name! He was off on the Wednesday and Thursday mornings and I really missed his big smile and friendliness. The food was scrumptious!!! The banana pancakes withe the praline syrup was the best meal I had during my entire trip! Lawrence the bellhop was a sweetheart as well. I told him that I would post a review on Trip Advisor and mention how cute he was. :) There was also a very kind electrician working at the hotel and we had a lovely conversation about the Ferry Building. I was travelling alone and it meant so much to be surrounded by so many wonderful people. The bottle of wine, 2 glasses and the picture frame were such lovely gifts. Thank you! I travel often and have stayed at many hotels. My time at the Chancellor was so delightful and has set a new bar for other hotels to try to beat. Believe me, I do not see that happening any time soon. My time in San Francisco was phenomenal and my stay at the Chancellor Hotel was perfect!!! :) Dawn Hattie :)	
Mar 21 2009 	A great location and good value for the price.	This hotel was very clean, nicely updated and the staff were friendly and very efficient. Generally, when I travel, the hotel needs to be a good place to sleep. As long as the window was closed, we heard very little noise from the street below. I tend to find I get warm at night without a window open, but we used the ceiling fan to cool us off, which worked fine. The rooms are small (this was not an issue for us), but the recent renovations make it feel clean, modern and fresh. My only complaint was a rare burger from room service, when I asked for well done and the internet on the TV was too slow to check on the status of our flights or email. This would not stop me from staying there again however.	
Mar 20 2009 	Pretty damn good	Stayed here after reviews on TA. Worth it. Great location and the rooms were not bad. Decent size. was only here for 1 night but would stay again	
Mar 20 2009 	What a great hotel!	Let's see...Great locationFriendly and helpful staffNice-sized room with comfortable bed and linens with a flat screen TVClean bathroom with huge tubReasonable ratesRestaurant for breakfast and lunch with the best club sandwich everWhat more can you say???	
Mar 12 2009 	Best Location and Value. Love it and will stay again and again ...	Thanks to Tripadvisor, We decided to stay in the hotel after many reviews. We choose this over Diva, and I am so glad we did. The LOCATION and the Price is FANTASTIC. We went to San Fran for the first time, and want a handy place to stay. SO you have Chancellor Hotel!! You walk out, and there's the Cable car + shopping, bus stops, restaurants and entertainment. One of the best value for money hotel i have ever stayed in.The hotel is beautiful and charming. Very clean and friendly staff. Love it. Highly recommended and will definately stay there again and again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Outstanding hotel	I have just returned from my honeymoon and we spent the first 8 nights at The Chancellor. We got a warm friendly greeting from the staff and they were very helpful during our stay. Our room was gorgeous. Lovely decor and a fantastic view over Union Square. The location just can not be beaten. We had a lovely bottle of champagne and a gift in the room which was such a lovely touch. I really can not fault this hotel. We had a brilliant stay there. I loved the little touches like the sweets in the room, and tea and coffee always available along with the yummy cookies at reception. If you are looking for a great hotel in a convenient location in San Francisco that doesn't cost the earth, you can't go wrong with this hotel.	
Mar 5 2009 	Very nice old hotel with attention to detail	Yes, this is an old hotel and rooms are small, heater sometimes works, sometimes doesn't. But hotel is well maintained and have a very attentive staff.Rooms are cozy, very clean, furnished good and as a bonus you are getting a big walk-in closet which is very nice as you can hide all your luggage there.We used the &quot;parking package&quot; and it was a big relief in SF. If you're coming in a car it's a no brainer. Valet service ($6 extra) was very convenient, they say that it takes 20-30 minutes to bring your car to the hotel but in reality it usually takes 10-15.Hotel is pretty noisy due to being old and being on a Union square. We were on 11th floor and probably higher floors are more quiet.Location is superb, especially for a shopper.Alreay booked a next stay there.	
Mar 1 2009 	Totally exceeded my expectations	It was my second visit to San Francisco and first time staying in a hotel. As I was attending the Web2.0 Expo in Moscone Center I was looking for a decent hotel (within my low budget) located in a convenient place and within walking distance to Moscone Center. Based on the reviews at TripAdvisor I found this one but didn't have much expectation as it was much cheaper than others in the same area. It turned out to be a great choice. For only US$100 per night, I had a tastefully-decorated, spacious single room with a huge twin bed, walk-in closet, free Internet access ... and the location is just unbeatable, situated right in the city centre on Union Square.As a solo female traveler, tidiness and hygiene of the room (especially the bathroom) is of huge importance. I would highly recommend this to any female travelers as this hotel is worthy of at least 4-star standard in every aspect.After my 3-night stay, I checked out and left for Silicon Valley (my next stop) and only on the following day I realized that I left my passport, credit card and some cash in the safe in the room! I immediately called the hotel and the staff was just superb - they told me someone else has already checked in to my room but the safe would only be unlocked with the presence of two senior staff after the guest checks out. I returned three days later and they had been keeping my stuffs in safe custody (carefully wrapped) and arranged it to be handed over in person even though I went there at 5 a.m. in the morning before catching my next flight. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly, I couldn't remember their names but would always be grateful for their service.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great location	When I visited San Francisco, I stayed at the Chancellor Hotel for 2 nights. You can't get any better location. The room was adequate, not too big, but cosy. Service was fine. Upon departure we forgot some stuff in a drawer, which was promptly Fedex'ed to our next stop same day as we called.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great location may want more for the $ as far as the rooms go.	Step outside from the Chancellor and you can hop on to a cable car in about 15 strides or less. Great location for connections to Mission St. and the BART, trolleys and buses to all possible tourist sites. All the shopping anyone might want/need? is well within walking distance from this Union Square hotel. Sad sight of street people pan handling just about every corner. As well as many restaurants, stores, museums. Ones heart does go out to the need. this is not a job choice. The Chancellor is nice enough. My room was adequate in size for one, two if you are married or about to be. Kind of maintained and painted but no hiding the age of this building; think NYC tenements. No AC if there was ever the need for it. And the one radiator for heat left you glad that you could shut the windows at night; not much warmth from that ol' girl. The desk/staff were very kind and helpful. If ever to make a return trip, would probably risk looking at other choices as far as hotels. There are many in the area. But for @ $85.00 per night, this was a good deal. So shop around and enjoy a GREAT city!	
Feb 26 2009 	Good value for the price!	I have read several reviews on the right hotel for us, and the Chancellor Hotel really stood out. I enjoyed reading the blogs that the General Mgr (Wes Tyler) has written on the hotel's website, I kinda felt like I already knew him personally! I love the way he responds back to the negative reviews. I used to work in the Hotel Industry, and I know a lot of people out there sometimes expect too much, and are just plain ignorant. I already knew to expect the rooms to be small, being the hotel's age and size, and I was fine with that. This hotel just had a lot of character to it, regardless. The staff was friendly (the bellman, front desk agents, and the housekeepers) I also chose this hotel based on the fact that they had a parking package, where you pay about $15 p/ night more for the room to park in a garage around the corner, but it was really worth it. All those other hotels out there charge between $35 to $55 p/ night for parking, which to me, is just throwing $$$ out the window! - CJ	
Feb 24 2009 	Extraordinary Customer Service	Mr. Tyler, the Chancellor's GM, went above and beyond to accomodate us during our visit to San Francisco. The level of customer service provided by Chancellor Hotel is exemplary and is surpassed only by their kindness. Much appreciation!JaneZionsville, IN	
Feb 21 2009 	Great service and charm!	We were met by Rory upon checking into the Chancellor. He and everyone else were just what we expected - friendly, efficient, and attentive! We parked around the corner and by the time we walked back our room was ready. We were surprised with gifts in our room from the staff celebrating our anniversary - champagne, glasses, chocolates, and a gift wrapped picture frame from the Chancellor! We were also pleased with the size of our room (especially in the city), a small view of Union Square, the very comfortable king sized bed, and cleanliness! They offer 12 different types of pillows (yes, 12!) and almost as many different in-room ways to relax (foot baths, massaging chairs, etc....). The rooms were quiet even though there were lots of people there. The small bar downstairs was perfect for a night cap at the end of a long day. All of our questions were answered with more than just a simple answer. Highlighted maps, personal knowledge and suggestions were given and appreciated. The hotel has old-school charm and the staff more than make up for any amenities that the newer hotels would have. Centrally located with the cable car pick up across the street or a safe, 30-minute walk to the Wharf. We would highly recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Feb 15 2009 	The Perfect Hotel for Visitors to San Francisco	If you've read any of the other reviews, you should already know that the location of this hotel can't be beat. Add to that the fact that it's relatively economical, and the package can't be matched.If you're there in the summer, you should ask for a room on one of the top floors (14th or 15th floor), ideally overlooking Union Square (14 or 1503 or 05), because you can open the windows, and the street noise won't be too loud.Start the day with breakfast two doors down from the hotel at Sears (world famous silver dollar pancakes) if you can get in, and end the day with a drink at the hotel bar with Rex, the very knowledgeable and convivial bartender. Don't forget to grab a fresh cookie or a bag of popcorn for a late-night snack in your room.The concierge/travel desk was very helpful in recommending a terrific Mandarin restaurant, as well as booking a car for a day tour to Muir Woods. Free, high-speed wireless in the room was another plus.	
Feb 15 2009	great value and location	The hotel is a great value for Union Square. I booked well in advance, and later checked rates and noted they had dropped. I emailed the hotel and they honoured the lower rate with no hassles at all.Due to flight delays I arrived exhausted at 2am. Check in could not have been better and more friendly. I had a very slow and somewhat rude guest ahead of me in line, but the check in clerk managed to acknowledge me, make me feel welcome and get to me as quickly as he could while still paying attention to the person ahead of me. My check in was quick and easy.My room was small compared to a modern chain hotel but it really wasn’t an issue for me. I enjoyed attention to detail with the bedding, modern furnishings, safe, flat screen TV, huge closet, lots of big fluffy towels and quality bathroom amenities. All things I didn’t expect at a hotel of this rating. The bed was very comfy. The room was spotless. The in-room wifi worked well every time I logged on.They have a variety of pillow types to try out. Some in-room, some you just order (free). I bring my own pillow when I travel, but it was a fun addition to the room experience.Coffee, tea and cookies in the lobby were a nice touch.Potential guests should remember this is not a fancy hotel, but it did exceed all my expectations of a 3* hotel. I would not hesitate to stay here again, or recommend it to a friend.	
Feb 12 2009	Another perfect stay at the Chancellor!!	Stayed for the second time in October/08. Booked directly with the hotel and got two adjoining rooms, both very clean and comfortable. The first thing I did was order down pillows from the pillow menu as I cannot use them at home due to dh's feather allergy...what a treat! Location is perfect for seeing the sights, cable car right outside the door. Parking valet worked well for us. Why go anywhere else?	
Feb 12 2009 	Wonderful cosy hotel	My family of 4 (2 adults &amp; 2 children aged 11 &amp; 6) stayed at the Chancellor Hotel for 2 days in December 2008 &amp; another 2 days in January 2009. I read all the reviews of this hotel on TripAdvisor and was very impressed. The hotel is exactly as everyone had stated. It is very clean, in an excellent location and very cosy! The hotel recommends 2 occupants per room only and I strongly agree. We requested an interconnecting room and were provided with a Queen sized bed in our room and 2 single beds in the other for the kids. We were on the 12th floor in rooms 1200 &amp; 1201 with a view of Macy's.The staff at the hotel are incredible. Very hospitable and willing to do anything for you. Each day there are fresh cookies to eat which are very yummy. We ate breakfast at Sear's Fine Foods next door on one morning and it was OK. I wouldn't say it was anything special. Further up the street on the corner of Sutter and Powell Sts is Lori's Diner, an old style 50's diner complete with old fashioned car and juke box. The food is really good and service OK. We ate breakfast and dinner there - it's worth a try.The hotel is located about 1 block up from Union Square where you will find Macy's. On the very top floor of Macy's is the Cheesecake Factory which serves amazing meals &amp; the cheesecakes are delicious!!Boudin Bakery has various locations, one is on the street level of the Macy's men's store, another at Fisherman's Wharf. You must try their clam chowder or curry soup in a sour dough roll. We also enjoyed the lunch special of half a sour dough baguette and soup or salad.So many things to see and do in San Francisco, just make sure you have comfortable walking shoes.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great location great price	My husband and I recently had a 2-night stay at the Chancellor as part of a long weekend. This hotel is a serious bargain, located just off Union Square and near tons of restaurants and shops. The rooms weren't huge but they were certainly big enough, and the hotel was clean and pleasant. I didn't love the restaurant for breakfast, but head up the block to Lori's diner for a better one. Chancellor is well worth the money.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great location 	We stayed in The Chancellor in San Francisco as part of our Honeymoon in the USA. When we arrived in our room (lovely, comfortable and spacious) the hotel had left us a bottle of bubbly and a gift of a picture frame - we thought this was a lovely touch - esp as none of our other hotels had done anything like that or acknowledged we were on our honeymoon. The location is perfect - right next to a cable car stop and the atmosphere around Union Square in the evenings is great. The bellboy and bar man in particular were so helpful and friendly. could have stayed chatting all night! The hotel also provides tea, coffee in the lobby area (though unfortunately we only found out about it on our last night ) and even popcorn on the Saturday night. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone - its in a nice busy &amp; atmospheric part of San Francisco but is still quiet and peaceful inside.	
Feb 2 2009 	Location location location and more!	The location, on Union Square, is ideal. What's more, the twin-bedded room was spacious and well-appointed. The staff, from desk clerk to barman (and woman) to housekeeper were courteous and helpful. The endless supply of tea, coffee, cookies, and apples in the lobby was a treat. And the rate was most economical for the quality of service we received.	
Jan 28 2009 	Perfect!	We were here for our honeymoon and were so pleasantly surprised. It started with our welcome gift of champagne, glasses and a wooden picture frame. The location is safe and seriously right by the cable car stop. The hotel is also close to great restaurants like Sears (breakfast) and Uncle Vito's (Lunch/Dinner). The hotel is respectful of privacy. We left the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out while we were gone for the day to skip the room cleaning. We came back to a polite note under our door saying that they acknowledged our sign but would be happy to bring us fresh towels if we would like. The only thing that we would warn against is that if you are elderly or disabled getting into the tub may be difficult. The tub is set much higher than most. The complimentary coffee, tea and cookies were a nice addition to our stay. You can't beat the price for the location of this hotel. We will recommend and stay here again.	
Jan 22 2009 	a classy gem	The Chancellor is a classy and reasonably priced gem: superb location; friendly, helpful staff; comfortable room (others have commented that the rooms are small -- ours was most adequate and larger than several in which we've stayed in Europe). The Pillow Library is great, especially since I prefer a down pillow, and they are rarely standard issue. Other nice touches: complimentary coffee, cookies, apples, newspapers (including The New York Times).	
Jan 19 2009 	Great stay in SF	I planned a suprise trip to San Fran and then Pheonix for my boyfriend. I chose Chancellor for price, location, reviews and the fact that the manager responds to negative reviews himself on this site. I figured that would reflect on the hotel staff. We loved the Chancellor! The room size was slightly small, but its SF and was fine for us. The bed was VERY comfy. The location was great because although we had a rental car, in the city it is just convienient to walk everywhere. We did valet for only a few dollars more a day, HIGHLY RECOMENDED. We didnt have to worry about getting our car in that crazy city! We would just call about 20 min early (when we were at breakfast) and our car would be waiting right out front. We went north to the Muir Woods, absolutely beutiful, highly recomended. And also traveled south to pebble beach for a round of golf. Bathroom amneties were nice, and we stole the rubber ducky from our room for a little souvenier. The only reason Im giving it four stars was because of the service our last day before leaving for the airport. Our car was brought to the front.. but the bell boy who had been very helpful when we arrived just watched as I dragged all our luggage (inluding a large golf bag carrier) to the rental car. I was expecting some help as a female! Unfortunate, but overall the hotel was a great place and I would stay again.	
Jan 16 2009	Second stay as great as the first	Stayed here for 2 nights over holidays while visiting our son in San Francisco. I requested a high view of Union Square and that is exactly what we got. The hotel is great, very quaint with a terrific staff. Yes it is old but that is part of the charm. It is kept in great shape and we had no problems whatsoever. We didn't hear any noise from the street.This was our second stay in two years. Last time I requested a quiet room and we had a room at the back of the hotel. Quiet.The location is great and we plan to come back often.	
Jan 15 2009 	The Chancellor - a 5 star experience	This is the second time we've stayed at the Chancellor and as before, couldn't have been happier travelers.The hotel is ideally situated at a corner of Union Square; the service throughout the hotel is splendid and the staff polite and helpful. Parking is a breeze in a city where parking is usually a pain.San Francisco is one of the most attractive cities in the world and returning to the Chancellor is like returning to the familiarity of a home away from home . This cozy, historic hotel is a perfect stepping off place for sightseeing, shopping, theatres, galleries and a great start to experiencing the warmth of this magic town.	
Jan 15 2009 	Fab location	I loved the location of this hotel, if you are going to stay in San Fran, Union Square is the place to be, surrounded by shops and restaurants and right by the cable cars so very easy to get around.The staff were really friendly and helpful, we had booked this honeymoon last minute as Thailand had fallen through due to the trouble there, so we were going with the flow and booking hotels as and when required, so we spent a lot of time on their computer.Breakfast was delicious, with massive portions, though not cheap, but none of San Fran was!Room was ok, but nothing special which was the only main down really.	
Jan 13 2009 	The wonderful experience at Chancelor Hotel	Ive been to many hotels and this was by far the best stay yet=].I love the location and how everything was so near.I enjoyed my experience at Chancellor Hotel with the friendly and helpful employees.....THEY ARE A GREAT TEAM! They were clean and organized(I just loved how comfy the bed was)I would highly recommend this place to anyone.	
Jan 13 2009 	Love the Chancellor Hotel	We only stayed at the Chancellor for a night but we absolutely loved it. The hotel was very clean and the staff was very nice and helpful. Its perfectly located in Union Square. You can see the trolley drive by and get to anywhere you need to go. I would certainly recommend the Chancellor Hotel!	
Jan 12 2009 	Great hotel on Union Square	I lived in San Francisco for 11 years (25 years ago). I miss three distinctive sounds of the city, the foghorns, the barking seals and the clanging of the cable cars. Over this past holiday season I spent 3 lovely nights at the Chancellor Hotel with friends. From the moment my wife and I arrived we were met by a friendly, attentive staff and our check-in was a breeze. Our room had a queen size bed with a choice of different pillows, a safe, a flat screen TV, wireless internet, a large walk-in closet, a nice bathroom with plenty of towels and toiletries including a rubber duck for your bath(Nice touch). The room was very quiet and comfortable and at night I could hear the sound of the clanging cable cars. I can't wait to return!	
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel great service ideal location - loved it!	We stayed at the Chancellor for 3 nights in December 2008 and loved our time in the hotel! We booked through Trailfinders so don't have an exact idea of the cost of the stay, but it seemed great value for such a perfect location. We had a fab view of union square from our room on 14th floor - this was obviously within easy reach, as was fisherman's wharf (a long-ish walk, but plenty of public transport options) and all the main san francisco sights, shops and restaurants. plus a handy walgreens pharmacy and starbucks practically next door.we arrived at the hotel after a long trans-atlantic journey and unpleasant immigration experience and found the staff incredibly welcoming. Nate (we think) checked us in and we felt acknowledged and remembered by him throughout our stay, which was a lovely touch.my husband had emailed the hotel in advance to advise we would be celebrating our first wedding anniversary there and we were very touched by the gifts waiting for us in our room. and being wished happy anniversary on check in and check out was a simple, yet lovely touch.really don't want to mention any negatives because we really loved the hotel, but just as a little warning...you might have a while to wait for the elevator if you are lucky enough to get a room with a view at the top of the hotel!! not sure what the previous heating issues were all about because our room was lovely and cosy - we had the ceiling fan on most of the time! also loved the walk-in wardrobe/closet and properly sized bath (don't tend to find too many of those in the US!).thank you again chancellor!	
Jan 10 2009 	Excellent Location	This hotel is located right on Union Square with easy access to everywhere.The room was small but very cozy and clean.Very pleasant experience. The best deal is get parking included. I would stay the again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Simply the best	My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the Chancellor for 4 nights at the beginning of December and loved it.This is the second time we have stayed here, and after a break of three years we didn't know if it would still be as good, and it was even better!!It is spotlessly clean, had the most comfortable bed out of everywhere we stayed whilst on our six week vacation, is in the best spot right at union square, and has the best and most efficient staff that we encountered.This, I am sure is because of the General Manager Mr Wes Tyler, who we had the pleasure of meeting while we were visiting. He cares about the hotel's reputation and it shows in every aspect of the running of the hotel.Breakfast in Luques restaurant was faultless every morning, and the staff were friendly and very efficient, especially Yesmie ( I hope this is how her name is spelt) she was probably the most efficient wait person I have ever encountered.Susan at the tour desk, who I believe has been there 35 years, knows everything there is to know about SF, so it worth picking her brain for information.All, in all, we had a wonderful time at the Chancellor and plan to go back in about eighteen months.Hotels can make or break your holiday, and this one certainly makes it. As my husband kept saying whilst we were there &quot;Why would you stay anywhere else&quot;Congratulations Mr Tyler and staff on a job well done!!	
Jan 7 2009 	super little hotel in super spot	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in December before returning to NZ.This hotel was in a fabulous location- right on Union Square and the trams went right past the door!The room was a bit on the small side but it had everything we needed and was clean.The staff on the front desk were very helpful as was the lady who organised our taxi to take us to the airport.We would definitely stay here again. There is a Borders next door and a Walgreens in the same block. The hotel restaurant does a good breakfast.I recommend hiring a bike down at Fisherman's Wharf and cycling over the Golden Gate bridge down to Sausalito- and get the ferry back past Alcatraz!Also a great little bistro we found on the Powell-Hyde tram line called 1550 Hyde in Hyde St. www.1550hyde.com. Delicious food and nice atmosphere.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great hotel in the perfect location	We stayed three nights at the Chancellor in mid-december, and it was perfect for us. The location is excellent, the hotel staff was extremely helpful and the room as advertised.The room was small by U.S. standards, but larger than many rooms of comparable quality that I have stayed in in Europe. The room was funished nicely and kept clean by the staff. And anyone who reads reviews on this site or the hotel's website should not be surprised by the small size of the room, as they seem to go out of their way to make sure people understand what type of hotel they are.Overall, we found everyone at the Chancellor to be very nice and the hotel to be an excellent value. We will stay here again.	
Dec 16 2008 	A Rough Start...but Recovered	Everything we could say has been said...This hotel is a good value for the location.The management has taken great pains to make it pleasant in spite of its age.The heating system is poor, uneven and loud. Each room does have its own portable heater to get the temperature up.The manager aggressively addresses problems.	
Dec 16 2008 	Nice Hotel	Our stay was in september during our honeymoon and San Francisco was our first stop, we were only there for a few days and knew we wanted something central and not nessecarily luxurious and this is what you get. The rooms are pretty small but they are well kept and very clean, the location is right on union square where there is plenty of shops etc but as a tourist you may find yourself spending quite a bit of time around the fisherman wharf area.I was a little annoyed that there was no mention of any congratulations on our honeymoon as it was on our booking especially as other reviewers had mentioned they got champagne etc on a special occaison, anyway this wasn't a big deal but it is the little things that make the difference. Overall if you want a hotel that is central, clean and for a decent price, I don't think you can go wrong with this place.	
Dec 15 2008 	Lovely Hotel. Great Location	We stayed as part of our honeymoon trip to California. The hotel is very central, just off Union Square and a few doors down from the Westin St. Francis.The room was small but had everything we needed including a massive walk in wardrobe. Bathroom was basic but again did the job it needed to do.We ordered room service breakfast each morning as it was very reasonably priced and very tasty.Hotel also has free internet pc for guests to use.Would definitely return!	
Dec 15 2008 	Good value at the Chancellor	I was in San Francisco for a conference and had a lovely stay at the Chancellor. I am female and was travelling alone but felt perfectly safe in this hotel. The rooms are not plush but are tastefully decorated with proper duvets, TVs, little bowls of sweets etc. The bathrooms are tiny but very nice with good, hot showers. The free tea and coffee - and free wifi in the rooms - are nice touches. The best thing about this hotel is the location - right on Union Square. I didn't eat at the restaurant (it's worth queuing at the famous Dottie's true blue cafe round the corner for brunch!), so can't comment on that.	
Dec 14 2008 	Comfy Bed in Cozy Room	Great value. While room was small, it was beautifully appointed, had a great, comfy bed and lots of little extras that made our stay really nice. For example, they have pillow options available upon request (satin ones to keep your hair-do nice, down ones, body pillows, knee pillows, etc.) . The bathroom was tiny, but the tub was DEEP, so it would make for a nice bath. Also, this is an old building (thus the small rooms), so the windows open--a great bonus for sleepers who like fresh air. Lastly, the location is so convenient: Union Square is literally right out side the front door; the famous Sears breakfast place is next door (and if that's too crowded, the hotel's restaurant serves a great breakfast); and public transportation, including cable cars are steps away. Would definitely return and recommend it without reservation. Rooms at the back of the hotel were very quiet. Rooms at the front may be noisy, ask at desk.	
Dec 14 2008 	Better than expected	My family booked our stay at the Chancellor at their 800 number, based on the favorable ratings from Trip Advisor. Helpful young man gave us the same internet rates, locked in the room rate, adjoining rooms, with a queen next to 2 twins on a high floor. We were not disappointed. Can't beat the location, as noted in most other reviewers, as with all historic SF hotels elevators, rooms and bathrooms are cozy. This hotel is spotlessly clean, very well maintained, the recent renovation did wonders. very tastefully done. Nice linens and furnishings. Far better than many other overpriced SF hotels that we have stayed at. We will be back. One of the best deals was the room rate with cost of parking included when requested. Added about $15 to the room rate of one room, it is off site and about a block away but an excellent value with in and out privileges. Sorry you won't find a fancy monogrammed robe in the room, but they do have a portable heater, and an umbrella for your use in the event of a weather change. It is next door to Borders Books, a 24 hour Walgreens for those last minute needs. Did I say this hotel is spotlessly clean and well maintained! Enjoy your stay.	
Dec 13 2008 	Overall okay experience with a few minor issues	Booked this hotel for three nights via Expedia for under $500 Canadian.Good:- Free wireless Internet- Excellent location - less than a block from Union Square- Comfortable bed and great pillow &quot;menu&quot;- A rubber ducky in the bathroom - hilarious!- Large walk-in closetBad/Ugly:- Room was quite cold (San Francisco was going through a bit of a cold spell) and the central heating system was not very reliable. Thankfully there was an electric portable oil heater in the room.- No coffee or tea in the room- Bathroom looked very dated and tub was chipped and discolored- Ironing Board cover was extremely discolored - I was afraid of ironing my shirts in case the stains would transfer from the cover to them!	
Dec 11 2008 	Perfect place	I lived in San Francisco for many years and wanted a well-priced downtown location. I requested and received an upper floor room with a view. A high floor and a view of Union Square. Perfect. The room was small but very clean, had a large closet, desk, sitting area and a regular sized bathroom. The staff was terrific, the location unbeatable and I would definitely stay there on my next visit. I fell asleep and woke up with the wonderful sound of the cable car bells. I was home! I know this city and you cannot beat the price for this location. Highly recommend.	
Dec 9 2008	The Place to Stay	My aunt and I were desperate for a room as our previous accommodation had fallen through. We approached a number of hotels but were not happy until we got to the Chancellor where we were delighted to obtain a room which had everything we needed and the staff were kind and helpful.The central location was great and access to everything was so easy.I will certainly book the Chancellor again when I visit San Francisco to see family.JaniferAustralia	
Dec 4 2008 	Great location and rate	This is a great hotel, very close to lots of very good parts of town and brilliant for people that love shopping and there's a tram line just outside for doing touristy stuff :) The rate was excellent and parking can be added at time of booking.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great choice	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights at the end of a 3 month RTW trip. I had researched extensively on trip advisor and chose this hotel based on the reviews plus the hotel's own website. Our TA booked it for us, at a cheaper rate than we could, so that was a positive to begin with. On our last trip to San Francisco we had stayed at Fisherman's Wharf, but wanted to stay at Union Square this time.We were extremely pleased with everything about The Chancellor. The room size was fine, especially after having spent some time in Europe, where rooms can be very small. The bathroom may have been small, but had the requisite bath (and a nice deep one), shower over it, washbasin, toilet and a shelf for toiletries, so what more do you need? Not to mention the rubber ducky and the toiletries. I enquired whether the ducky was complimentary - not only was it, but I was given another (better) one as well. The body lotion is lovely, and there was also shampoo, bath salts, shower cap, cotton balls and cotton buds. The bed was extremely comfortable and the pillows were fine. We did not avail ourselves of the pillow menu, but there was enough there for the fussiest of sleepers. While we were there, the TVs were being changed for flatscreens. We had plenty of space in the wardrobe to hang things. We left one suitcase in it on a stand, and had the other one in the room. There was also an in room safe, which we used, an iron and ironing board, which we didn't use and an umbrella which, thankfully, we didn't need.We availed ourselves of the tea and coffee (and the occasional cookie) in the foyer, but do prefer to be able to make our own in the room. However, again it was better than the hotels where we stayed in Europe, none of which had any free tea or coffee, in the room or elsewhere.We ate breakfast in the hotel twice, and found it to be tasty and filling, and cheaper than other places. It was actually the only time on our holiday where breakfast was not provided, so found this additional meal to be an expense we'd rather not have (the Australian dollar had dropped dramatically in value while we were away, so everything became much more expensive than we'd anticipated).Our room was on the 3rd floor at the front of the hotel, so was noisy with the windows open. However, when we wanted to sleep, we just closed the windows and used the ceiling fan for cooling. And I did enjoy hearing the city noises, anyway, and at least we had a good view.The staff were always friendly and helpful, although I never did see Wes, the manager. I had enjoyed reading his trip advisor posts, both in the review section and on the San Francisco forum. We were able to leave our bags at the hotel on our departure day, which was helpful, as we had a 10.30 pm flight (all 14 and a half hous of it) home that night. A 12 noon checkout was also good - it gave me time to pack and rearrange our luggage that morning.For the price we paid and for the location I highly recommend this hotel. If we ever make a third visit to San Francisco, we'll definitely stay here again.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great location Great place!!	We stayed at the Chancellor for 5 nights in early November.My husband and I were traveling with our 23mth old son, although the room was a little squished with a crib in it, it was livable. The rooms were lovely, very nicely decorated and comfortable. The location of the Chancellor was perfect, shopping was close, public transport was a breeze. The staff were friendly and helpful.Really nothing to fault about our stay!Though if you are traveling with a child (who has bottles still) please remember it is an older hotel that has been renovated, so there is no in room fridge or microwave. This can be difficult but we made our way around it!	
Nov 24 2008 	loved it	stayed at the chancellor for 5 nights during November. The hotel location is perfect, the beds very comfortable , the staff very helpful...thank you Rory...and the cookies delicious.All in all excellent value for money. I would highly recommend this hotel	
Nov 22 2008 	Return visit	We stayed here in April, and when returning to California decided to spend a couple of nights back here.Again, couldn't fault the hotel in any way. I think what they get so right is that the staff on reception are all so friendly without overdoing it. I enquiried about the make of the body lotion, and on returning to my room discovered five extra bottles of it - nice touch.The rooms are fine and the beds are very comfortable. As always mentioned, the location can't be beaten.After staying here we went to Yosemite, but decided to return to the Chancellor for another night before setting off down the coast - back into the same room (three times in this room - may ask for a different one for a change if we ever go back).It really is a great hotel, but most of all the staff make it what it is. Oh yes, and the cookies are great, especially the cranberry ones!	
Nov 20 2008 	good location	older hotel in centre of sf cable car stop outside small rooms but clean not much in hotel to do but there is so much to do in sf .car park is off site 5 mins walk and is valet parking with in and out as much as you like very good and usefull if going on cable car buy a 1 2 3 day pass as it is $5 per single trip	
Nov 18 2008 	Great experience	We are a couple of French people : on a great vacation trip across the USA during summer 08, we spent four nights at the Chancellor.As a lot of people, we loved this hotel : very convenient, very comfy, quiet (we were at the back of the hotel), very good prices for where and what it is, etc... and yes, very nice plastic yellow ducks in the bathroom !BRAVO for the staff : kindness, professionnalism, great sense of humour (thanks to Steve, Matt, Nate, Martin, Shamina, Desiree and all the others.)Fine wines at the bar (don’t remember his name, but the barkeeper knew his job – and as a Frenchman, i know a little about wines...)So, a really GREAT stay at the Chancellor for my wife and me. We definitely recommend this hotel.... And I’m now sure that Wes Tyler does exist... Thanks to him.Philippe	
Nov 17 2008 	Perfect location; great service!!	I just returned from a week at the Chancellor Hotel on Union Square in San Francisco. The location was perfect, the service was excellent, and the rooms were very clean. I emailed the manager, Wes, ahead of time asking for a recommendation on a great room to achieve the full experience of what San Francisco has to offer. He reserved a room for us on the 10th floor over looking Union Square. We were looking forward to a 'stress free girl's week' in San Francisco, and weren’t disappointed. When we checked into our room we found a bottle of wine and two gifts compliments of the Chancellor Hotel, with a nice card from Wes wishing us a fun 'stress free' week! As for the room, we had a two twin room and it was plenty big. We had a walk in closet (which helped store our luggage out of site), and the tub was nice and deep for soaking after a long day. We loved the pillow menu, and took advantage of it. The hotel was full of charm and very clean. I was a little nervous on the 10th floor with the elevators. In New York &amp; Chicago, it's seems to take forever to get an elevator going down that's not already full of people. At the Chancellor, we always got an elevator in a timely manner and surprisingly, it was usually empty. There was always something complimentary to drink (coffee or tea) in the lobby area, and during the day there are cookies and in the evenings we found popcorn to munch on.The lady at the travel info desk in the lobby was very helpful. If it wasn't for her, we would have missed one of our tours! She explained the Muni pass to us and we got the 7 day one. It was perfect. We could ride the cable cars, and the Muni buses anytime, anywhere. We didn't hesitate to go across town to see something, or even just to eat. The cable cars run right in front of the hotel, and you can board at each intersection. It runs all the way down to Fisherman's Wharf. Plus, the cable car engineers are full of character. Watch out for the ones that like to sneak up on you and try to scare you while you are enjoying the sites :) If only everyone made work fun like that! The Chancellor is with in walking distance of some of the best shopping I've found to this day! There are lots of restaurants in the area as well. Many coffee houses...we loved the Sugar Cafe (not only for their coffee, but their omelets and potatoes were yummy as well!). The other place for breakfast (if you don't mind waiting in line for 10-15 minutes) is right outside the Chancellor...Sears. They have the best breakfast around...we tried their Swedish Pancakes and had to go back the next day to try their omelets...it all looked so good! Overall, we had a great experience with the Chancellor Hotel and would definitely go back. I highly recommend it to anyone traveling that has a budget (don't we all as of late?!).	
Nov 14 2008	Fantastic location - right on Union Square	Fantastic location, right on Union Square and the cable car route. Don't stay here if you are expecting &quot;facilities&quot; - gym etc - but the room was clean and comfortable, although the bathroom was very small. Free internet in the lobby and a tourist booth too. Very convenient - would certainly stay here again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Fantastic Honeymoon Location	We have just returned from our California driving Honeymoon and the first 4 nights of our trip were spent at the Chancellor. We originally had a different hotel booked for our stay but after reading the reviews on TA we decided to change to the Chancellor and we're so pleased we did. The location was fantastic, there was so much to see within a short distance. The Cable Cars stop right outside the door to take you to the other places that need exploring.Check in was a breeze, we were put in room 1205, so on the 12th floor, with a side room overlooking Union Square and Macy's. The room was fantastic, very clean and tidy and with a nice bottle of Champagne wating for us! I have stayed in many smaller rooms than this with no space to store your luggage so this room was fine for us. The bed was fantastically comfortable. The bathroom was a little small but everything worked fine and it was very clean so it didn't cause any problems. We had food credit that came with our room so we ate breakfast in Luques each day and it was lovely food. The service was great, there was a never ending supply of coffee and the menu was so extensive neither of us had the same thing twice.To be honest I don't have a bad thing to say about the Chancellor. Will I return to San Francisco - yes, will I return to the Chancellor - most definitely. And I would recommend the place to all of my family and friends who may be thinging about visiting.	
Nov 10 2008 	A very enjoyable stay	We stayed at The Chancellor Hotel for 3 nights and would recomend it. The position is central for accessing most areas of San Francisco, the room although small, was well eqiped and comfortable, the staff were very helpful, coffee and cookies were always available free of charge in the lobby and there were plenty of local restaurants to choose from. For a city hotel and considering what we paid there was little that we could fault.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great Hotel	Just returned from our 3 week trip, driving down the West Coast from San Francisco to San Diego (and flying on to Las Vegas) and this was our favourite hotel. We stayed there for 3 nights.The location is great; hop on hop off the cable cars.The bed is probably one of the most comfortable we have ever slept on.The breakfast menu is extensive, the portions huge and tasted great.The coffee and cookies in the lobby is a nice touch (even though I was sent 'downstairs' on a number of occasions to bring a few back to the room).Parking is fine. Although it seems a bit daunting at first driving to a car park in a city that you've just arrived in, it really is easy to find (they provide you with a map) and is 2 minutes walk away. For the money saving and the ease of access, we preferred this over the valet parking option.We would love to return to San Francisco one day and would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great City Hotel	The Chancellor was a great place to stay in the city. Right in the middle of Union Square we were far enough away from the Wharf and other high tourist areas, but everything was still so close! It was nice because it was relatively quite at night since the stores were all closed. We are from Cleveland so the time change had us up at 6:00. No worries though - one morning we beat the rush of the Sears Fine Foods (right next door to the hotel &amp; definitely worth a stop) for breakfast (one morning there was a pretty long line at about 9am) and then we caught the cable cars with the locals as soon as it started its run - I think around 7ish?? The hotel was a nice stopping ground, but if you are someone who likes to spend time in your room I would be a little cautious - the rooms are pretty small. This was perfect for us and the right price. We would definitely stay at The Chancellor on our next trip to the city.	
Nov 3 2008 	Great location	Just really to reiterate what everyone else has said.Great location for shopping, eating, drinking and hopping on the trams.Yes the rooms are small but by European standards they are average sized. Very clean rooms and comfy bed.We caught the muni train straight from the airport to Powell Street, 10 minute walk up to the hotel, easy.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great place to stay at the Union Square	We stayed at the Chancellor hotel at the Union Square from 21st to the 29th of Aug, for a conference at the Grand Hyatt and we really enjoyed it.Check in :Easy and a friendly. We had requested a refrigerator in the room (based on one of the TA reviews… it really was very useful)Room:Really comfortable for two people. The walk-in closet really expanded the space so that you could store your suitcases and not bump into anything. We had asked for the topmost floor overlooking the Union square, based on TA reviews and were glad for the choice. We weren't bothered by traffic or noise, and in fact found the music filtering in every evening from the Union square really charming. The sound of the cable cars and fire engines wasn't bad enough to disturb our sleep.Bathroom:Slightly on the smaller size, but big enough when we used it one at a time. Wished we had used the comfortable bath-tub (and the rubber duck).Lobby :The hotel lobby is intimate and cosy enough that you welcome coming back after a cool and tiring day. The freshly baked cookies with different types baked everyday (chocolate chip, raisin etc), coffee and apples were appreciated. Infact after the first day, when we had Starbucks, we didn't really feel the need to have any coffee elsewhere. ( I usually obsess over my coffee, and I really liked it).Location:(I hate saying &quot;location, location, location, location) Great. Just right next to Union square, a hop across to cafes, diners, small bistros, delis, a cable car stop right across, and very convenient for our conference also- just a block across.Staff:Rory, Steve, and the other guys at the reception- very helpful. Any question we had, use of the business center to print our boarding cards, picking up a Fedex for us and calling us up when it came- very helpful.LuquesFilling breakfast with cheerful staff (especially Nancy). We had breakfast a day before the conference and it was really good. Bacon usually is too salty to eat, but even an occasional non-vegetarian like me enjoyed it. My wife had the veggie menu and felt her breakfast was ok.Smell:I know somebody had mentioned some smell in the lobby. I didn't really notice any smell except the nice smell of popcorn. There was however some funny smell in the passage outside our room. Just a minor point, and not really a big issue, as the room was comfortable, (non smelly) and the location cant be beaten.Would we come back here- Yes! in a heartbeat.. Just loved San Francisco, and the convenience and homely feel of the Chancellor had a lot to do with it.	
Oct 25 2008 	Location Location Location	Just returned after a 3 night stay at the Chancellor. Loved it!The location is superb; shops, cafes and cable cars on the doorstep and Union Square across the street. Yes, the room and bathroom were small but they were freshly decorated and spotlessly clean. The bed was comfy and had nice, soft pillows. We were able to check-in 3 hours early, which was handy and were given a quiet room on the back of the hotel, which meant we never heard any street noise (just next door's TV!)We caught a cab from the airport and used the hotel-recommended shuttle-bus service, Lorrie's Shuttle, on the way back. We would probably use them both ways next time, as they are cheaper than a cab and you can book them directly from the hotel's web site.The hotel facilities were great - a small bar off the foyer, a pleasant cafe for breakfast (and lunch) and a guest computer &amp; printer for flight check-ins etc. We found all the staff helpful.The one-day MUNI passes are very good value for all public transport and give you the freedom to jump on and off the cable cars. You can buy them from the tour desk for $11 (cash only).Loved San Fran and loved the Chancellor!	
Oct 25 2008 	The extra little touches made it memorable	We stayed here for four nights, the final leg of a 3.5 week tour and what a way to finish. I'd let the hotel know that we were celebrating our Silver Wedding Anniversary and they left champagne, champagne flutes and a photo frame in our room on the first night. A lovely personal touch from the hotel.The room was extremely comfortable with a great view of Union Square and it is in an excellent location with cable car stops just outside. Free tea and coffee was available in the lobby all day, another bonus. Breakfast in the restaurant was good value and great quality.Considering the central location I felt it was good value for money and I wouldn't stay anywhere else if I'm lucky enough to go back to San Francisco.	
Oct 23 2008 	Wonderful Hotel !	We spent 5 nights at the Chancellor Hotel. We had a very enjoyable stay. The rooms are very clean and I loved the walk-in closet! The bed and linens were comfortable.Even though we did not try the pillow menu, it is a great feature. (the pillows we had on the bed were perfect for us). Also, the option to rent (very inexpensive) a foot or bath massager is a good idea. Those hills are killers !We were on the 13th floor (no bad luck here !) and had a nice view toward Union Square. With the window open and the ceiling fan on, our room was ok for temperature ... It was quite warm the week we were there. Remember that Sept &amp; Oct is summer in San Fran. The staff was all friendly and very helpful. From storing our luggage when we arrived early to buying muni passes and answering all our questions on directions etc... Thanks to all for the great service.All the little touches made the Chancellor a perfect choice... the coffee, tea, cookies, apples in the lobby... the candy and rubber ducky in the room ~~ All made us feel welcome !	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Location and Value	Great location central to downtown SF. Cable car stops right at the corner. Easy walking to many restaurants and attractions.Comfortable and clean rooms. Free WiFi in room. Decent restaurant for breakfast and bar in lobby. Friendly and courteous staff.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great hotel. Great price. Great Location.	Only had one night to spend in San Francisco and found a great deal on this hotel. No complaints whatsoever. Only a few blocks from one of the largest shopping areas ive ever seen and the cable car runs on the street right in front of the hotel and takes you directly to fishermans wharf. my girlfriend and i had a few drinks at the lobby bar which was manned by a friendly bartender whose name i wish i could remember. lucky for us the hotel was kind enough to store our bags after checkout so that we could explore the city. we've recommended this hotel to everyone we knew who were heading to the bay.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great Location and Terrific Staff!	We stayed at the Chancellor on the recommendation of a friend and made the reservations directly through the hotel. The rates were easily comparable to any others available. The hotel is located close to Union Square on the Cable Car line, and it was therefore easy to get around via public transportation.One of the desk clerks went out of her way to be helpful and for that I was quite grateful. We received an unexpected gift just before we left on Saturday evening, and had no way to get it home. Desiree R. took it upon herself to take it to a UPS store on Monday morning and made arrangements to have it shipped to me. I think that was above and beyond the call of a desk clerk's duty, and that kind of service, I hope, is typical of all their employees.We would certainly recommend the Chancellor Hotel to friends traveling to San Francisco.	
Oct 20 2008	A Good Choice	We had a great 4 night stay at the Chancellor during August – our choice was based largely on reviews on Tripadvisor. While the rooms aren’t large they are perfectly adequate and the hotel is in a perfect position for exploring the city. Although we had little interaction with the staff when we did they were friendly and helpful. As well as recommending the hotel we would also suggest eating at Historic John’s Grill and for great views over Union Square try The Cheesecake Factory in Macy’s. The hotel is also close to the Alamo car rental office on Bush Street.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great place to stay!	I booked a surprise get away for my husband and I mid October and after much research chose the Chancellor - mostly due to the reviews here on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. It's in a great location, they accomodated our early arrival, had a welcoming present for us in our room (they knew it was my husbands birthday), the bed was comfortable, the room was spacious enough (really, who is spending tons of time in their room in SF anyway???) and the staff were friendly. There were definitely sounds of the city to be heard from our open window at night, but again, it's San Francisco! The only bad thing I would comment on was the water pressure - the shower could have been a bit stronger, but I wouldn't let that stop us from booking here again. Had a wonderful time.	
Oct 18 2008 	Location Service Comfort	My husband and I celebrated our honeymoon in San Francisco from October 12-16. We arrived too early to check in but the staff gladly held our baggage until check-in so we could go explore the streets of the city. I had requested we have a room on a high floor as my husband and I prefer height in a hotel room; we were on the 15th floor, the highest floor of the building. Upon checking into our room, we were surprised to find champagne, chocolates, and a gift from the staff in celebration of our marriage. Our view overlooked Union Square. The staff were all friendly and quick to help with any questions or needs. The room had a large walk-in closet -- a rare gem in a dense city like San Francisco -- and was well-appointed. The price simply couldn't be beat as I did some extensive research before we booked this trip. The bed linens were nice and comfortable, the room was extremely clean and the operable window allowed sun and wind in to relax us after walking up all those SF hills! Should we return to San Francisco for another visit (who wouldn't??) we will definitely stay at the Chancellor again. Its location on Union Square lends itself to a variety of dining, shopping and transit options. There is a cable car stop outside the hotel and the Powell Station where you can catch the Muni or BART is only a couple of blocks away. If you are considering the Chancellor, just go ahead and book it!	
Oct 17 2008 	Outstanding hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights October 4th - 7th. The trip served as a birthday celebration for my wife and being Patriots fans we travelled to see them play the 49ers. I e-mailed Wes ahead of time to let him know the theme for the trip out west and his staff and himself were very welcoming. There was a bottle of wine, a throw blanket(49ers...but it's the thought that counts), and a picture frame present for my wife. This hotel is as advertised and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be centrally located to everything, and to experience customer service at its best. Thank you to Wes and all who made us feel welcome.	
Oct 17 2008 	Excellent location - clean and tidy	This was our first visit to San Francisco and our stay at the Chancellor was arranged via Trailfinders as part of a driving tour. Things did not start well. Arriving in San Francisco at 5pm is not a good idea, especially for someone unfamiliar with the area. Having done several tours of the block trying to find somewhere to park and unload, eventually one of our party went into the hotel for ‘guidance’ as our tour of the blocks continued. Should have done that sooner! The Bell Captain came out and sorted us out, showing us where we could park and unload and helping us to unload.Check-in was efficient, if somewhat ‘sterile’ and a smile or two would not have gone amiss, perhaps it had been a long day, especially as the hotel seemed very busy with the Oracle conference being in town. They explained the options for car parking as, like most city hotels, they have no attached car park. We chose the $22/day self parking option, which was a multi-storey a couple of blocks away, we just drove there and the attendants did the rest. As it turned out, this was a good option as ‘public’ car parking was more expensive and this allows as many in and outs as you like, although the public transport is so good and cheap, we just left the car in the ‘lot’ during our stay.The hotel itself is a (relatively) old building, built in the early 1900s so is classed as ‘historical’ and the decoration and style reflect this. Our room was on the 9th floor, not much of a view but then we don’t expect that in any city hotel. By US standards the room was small, but very clean and tidy and well decorated. We were a bit concerned about there being no air conditioning as it was a warm day and opening the window allowed in all the San Francisco noise – however it turned out to be part of the charm listening to the ‘ting ting’ of the street cars, the general hub hub of city life and of course the wailing sirens of police cars in the distance ! There was a ceiling fan which we couldn’t get to work – at the end of the day this was down to ‘user error’ by me. You are even offered a ‘pillow menu’ here to choose from a range of pillow types but the ones supplied as ‘standard’ were more than adequate to complement the large, comfortable bed. Despite the local noise (with the window being open) we had no problem sleeping and it was lovely to wake up to the sound of the street cars going by. Although no coffee/tea making facilities were in the room, coffee was available in the lobby and again it would seem that most city hotels do not provide these room facilities.The strong point of this hotel is its location. Plenty of shops, diners and restaurants in the immediate locality and a two minute walk to the cable car stop – which you just have to do ! We chose to eat out and had breakfast at Lori’s Diner a couple of blocks away – highly recommended, we even had the two ‘cops’ on the next table enjoying their pancakes – just like TV! We had an evening meal at a nearby baseball themed ‘carvery’ which was excellent value for money. As we already had a trip to Alcatraz booked (a not to be missed trip!) and with only one full day available, we tried to cram as much in as possible so we spoke to Susan the hotel concierge who was very helpful. She sorted us out with day passes for the public transport and booked us a three hour bus sightseeing trip of the city. We chose to use the streetcar down to Pier 39 area and benefited from a commentary by the very friendly ‘brakeman’ at the back of the car, pointing out local sites and interests. Both the Alcatraz and bus trip were very good, certainly whetting the appetite for a return visit and a longer stay at the Chancellor.So all in all, a very pleasant stay at the Chancellor and we would have no hesitation in staying there again. As a footnote, I left my glasses in the hotel room, only realising later as we were on our way to Yosemite. After contacting the hotel on my return, Wes (the manager) posted these back to me at the hotel’s cost – now that’s service !	
Oct 16 2008 	Awesome!	Really liked the reviews of this hotel and delighted to see that they actually take the time to respond to some of the comments people make! Shows they take pride in what they do!! So we booked it and very pleased we did.Staff were very friendly and very helpful. Location was fabulous and the hotel amenities were brilliant. Particularly like the on-tap tea and coffee available in the lobby all day - lovely to come back to a nice cup of tea in the afternoon! The bedroom was very clean and tidy. I have to say, I was really worried about the fact I'd neglected to ask for a &quot;quiet room&quot; and we were then given a room on the 3rd floor overlooking the street. However, I needn't have worried because once the windows were closed, you could hardly hear a thing except for the ding ding of the cable cars - great double glazing!! No problem with there only being a ceiling fan instead of AC either (I find AC units are difficult to regular and just end up making me ill).Overally, great location, great service, great value for money. Definitely would stay here again!!	
Oct 15 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Chancellor	My husband and I are just back from our first trip to San Francisco. I chose the Chancellor based on reviews on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. I e-mailed the manager, Wes Tyler, several times prior to our trip with questions and he always responded promptly, which was a nice touch. I'm not sure one would get this at a larger hotel. EVERYTHING about our stay at the Chancellor more than met our expectations. We had booked shuttle service from the airport with Lorrie's, which I found on the hotel's website and which I'm sure saved us considerable time as we were unfamiliar with getting around San Francisco. We arrived early in the morning and our room was not yet ready, but we had expected this and left our bags to go on an Alcatraz tour. When we returned, we went to our room which, as requested prior to our arrival, was a corner room with a view of Union Square (room 1203). Surprise! Waiting for us was a bottle of sparkling wine, two Chancellor wine glasses, gift-wrapped photo frame, and nice note from the hotel staff congratulating us on our recent marriage. What a way to welcome your guests! The room was painted in lovely shades of green and taupe, with nice prints on the walls. The bed had a soft white comforter and many pillows. Television, armchairs, dressers, lamps, etc. were more than adequate. The bed was extremely comfortable and we slept like babies for the four nights we were there. The bathroom was plenty big for the both of us, and well-appointed with soap, shampoo, lotion, tissues, cotton balls and Q-Tips, hair dryer, and makeup mirror (plus the rubber ducky was a cute touch!). The ceiling fan and open windows provided more than enough ventilation. The large closet was much appreciated, as was the iron, ironing board, and in-room safe. The room was very quiet at all times, and street noise was not bothersome. All of the staff that we encountered were efficient, friendly, and helpful--particularly Steve (helped us with restaurant reservations), Susie (answered transportation questions and arranged shuttle service back to SFO), and Matt (brought our bags to the room). Everyone that we saw truly seemed to enjoy working at the hotel. We visited both the bar and restaurant and had pleasant experiences along with moderately priced, tasty meals/drinks. As many reviewers have previously noted, the location of the Chancellor can't be beat for just about anything a tourist would want to do in San Francisco, particularly shopping and dining. If we ever return to San Francisco (which I sincerely hope to do, because I fell in love with it), there is no way I would stay anywhere other than the Chancellor. THANK YOU!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great hotel in great location	We stayed at the Chancellor Hotel for 4 night at the start of our California trip. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. We had asked for a high floor and got it and we had side views of Union Square. The room was nice but very warm in the evening and would have been better with air conditioning. The bar staff were friendly, drink prices were reasonable.and there was a good atmosphere. Cookies and coffee were available all day. We didn't have a car when we stayed at the Chancellor and we didn't need one. The location was ideal, right at the corner of Union Square and opposite the cable car stop. We managed to get around the city by cable car, walking and the hop on hop off bus. We would definately go back to the Chancellor hotel.	
Oct 12 2008 	Ideal LOcation	Booked as part of a road trip, we arrived by car and had valet parking, although slightly more than parking ourselves it was well worth the extra to just unload and get our room.Friendly front of house staff informed us about the free cookies, fruit etc in lobby and our cases were taken up to our room. Rooms are clean, and have all the necessities, including free wifi. Some have mentioned size as an issue, but coming from the U.K. we felt it was good for a boutique hotel in a city. Bathrooms are old fashioned (vintage !)but the deep baths are fab to soak in.Dinner at Sears next door recommended. One point to mention was the really informative and helpful female bartender - a font of knowledge about bars and eating in the area. Will visit again.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Location but...	My husband and I stayed at the Chancellor for 3 nights. By U.S. standards the rooms are extremely small, you could probably use the toilet, brush your teeth and soak your feet in the tub all at the same time. Not having air conditioning did bother us as it got a little warm in the afternoon and evening even with the window open. I heard repeatedly how accomodating and friendly the staff were and I received none of that. When we checked in there were no smiles, happy to have you, everyone was very solemn. We asked where the concierge lady was (booth was empty) we were told &quot;She's not here. That was it. I was never told about any cookies in the lobby and as many times as we came and went we were never spoken to or smiled at by any of the staff! I didn't even feel comfortable asking anyone about the area or recommendations. Having said that..the room was clean which is a huge plus to me. Would I stay here again (yes) only and only because the location was perfect. If you stay here you will know exactly why people mention the location over and over.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great location!	We did alot of research before booking this hotel and we were not disappointed. Before, we left I checked the weather and found they were having a mini heat wave and so I was a bit nervous as I knew there was no AC at the hotel, I needn't have worried the ceilng fan does more than enough to take the heat away so if that is a worry for you, don't, you do not need AC here!!The location is wonderful and the staff are very friendly and helpful and the cookies in the lobby are a really lovely touch.I had read the reviews about small rooms and so was suprised to find that the rooms were of standard european size and not small at all to my standards. There is also plenty of room to store your cases which frees up even more room.We checked in early and were pleased to find our room was already ready for us as well as there being a welcome gift in there for our upcoming wedding. It was a really wonderful touch and made us feel really special.There was only one drawback of this hotel and that is my new husband is now obsessed with collecting rubber ducks!!!We would definately stay here again!	
Oct 4 2008 	Well placed hotel	We booked this hotel, as a direct result of reading Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed, we asked for a quiet room on a higher floor and that it is precisely what we got. OK, there was no view, but we could here the cable cars (we had our window open), which gave a good ambience. Yes the rooms are small - not unlike many European city hotels - no problem. All staff were pleasant &amp; helpful.For breakfast we went to Lori's dinner on Mason St - but there are numerous other places.	
Oct 2 2008 	Still good second time around	We stayed for three nights at the Chancellor as a prelude to a long motor tour. We have stayed there before and were so satisfied with the experience that we never really considered going anywhere else. This time was equally as good.We had asked for a quiet room to help us through the first night's jet lag and we were not disappointed. It was on a high floor to avoid the traffic sounds but still had a partial view of Union Square and Powell Street. It was not air conditioned but we have never found this a problem in San Francisco and I think the age of the building must make installation extemely difficult. The room was fairly small by US standards but beautifully decorated and properly serviced. The staff are all cheerfully efficient and the restaurant has a good choice for breakfast (and lunch, if you want to stay indoors. We never have!). The Tour Desk booked us a nice wine tour so that I could drink before starting to self drive.The rest of our time was spent revisiting our favourite locations, travelling by cable car or local bus. The Chancellor's location is ideal for starting such expeditions and, in view of this and its many other charms, it is very reasonably priced.We were not impressed by Sears Restaurant, the nearest to the Chancellor. It may be historic but this does not excuse poor food and indifferent service. However this has no connection with the Chancellor, apart from proximity.	
Oct 1 2008 	Good choice for San Francisco	Just off Union Square on Powell St, the hotel is right in the centre of the action but seemed quite quiet in terms of streat noise. Our initial room was large with a very comfortable bed, nice bathroom and free wi fi. After some noise problems with an adjoining room, we were upgraded to their best suite and the staff were very apologetic. Neither room had any shower gel, just soap and shampoo/conditioner. Reception had free coffee and cookies in the morning and afternoon which was welcome. Borders book shop next door excellent source of maps. We were trying to keep meal costs down but enjoyed two good quality meals just around the corner on Mason Street at Lori's Diner, a 50's themed diner and at Cafe Mason...the later had an excellent Loin of pork, with vegetables and rice for about eight pounds. Beers seem to be around 2.50 for a bottle, whatever your tipple.If you have the time...get across to Tiburon on the other side of the bay...$18 round trip...it's a peaceful haven with super views back to SF and the ferry goes right past Alcatraz to boot.Final hint - buy the local Muni card...$18 for three days unlimited local transport including the touristy cable cars.	
Sep 30 2008 	A pleasure to stay in this hotel	We want to add a another positiv review after staying in this hotel for 4 nights in September.We loved this hotel because of the following (in random order):1. the location: spot on Unioin Square - cable cars, shopping, China town are all right outside the door2. the beds: very confortable3. the quiet room (1106, i think it was - corner room on the 11th floor)4. the extra storage room5. Sears: just next door, serve the best breakfast - try the 18 Swedish Pancakes!!!6. transportation: very easy to get other areas of town with the busses that stops near by hotel7. the internett: PC available for free in the lobby and also wireless internet in room8. the cute lady in the kiosk in the lobby9. the cleanliness of the roomWe have no complaints at all! We hope this hotel make it to the top of the hotel ranking ;-)	
Sep 30 2008	Just starting to lose some of its lustre	I've stayed at the Chancellor a couple of times, and for the first time I was slightly disappointed. I should point out the positives of the hotel still vastly out-weigh the negatives: the location, the quality of staff, the sweets and cookies etc. are all reasons why I would recommend the Chancellor to someone who wanted to stay in downtown San Francisco. However, I would now have to issue a couple of caveats to that recommendation, and that the hotel is just beginning to look a little bit tired...for example, when we went into our room, the first sight of the bathroom was not pleasant, with a bath-tub that had definitely seen better days to the extent that we decided to have showers during our stay. I know Wes will read this, so I hope he takes this as constructed criticism from someone who genuinely likes this hotel - I would just like to point out to him that with some small investments in certain areas - redecorating the bathrooms, improving the tvs would not go amiss.	
Sep 22 2008 	Perfect spot!	I wanted a weekend in SF withOUT a car. The Chancellor is the perfect location for that. They even had a link on their website to Lorrie's Airport Shuttle making getting to the Chancellor a breeze and getting back to SFO equally comfortable. The room was comfy and quiet with a ceiling fan that kept the room perfectly fresh and cool. I was thrilled with the huge soaking tub. I asked for a room on a high floor on the quieter side of the building and they met my needs perfectly. The bed was wonderful. The closet was nice to have to hang out my things. The coffee, cookies, and bowl of fruit in the lobby were a nice touch. The breakfast spot NEXT DOOR called Sears is worth the short wait...perfect waffles, Swedish pancakes and international visitors: eat at the bar for conversation. The Cable Cars run right out front of the Chancellor and you can get the tourist transit pass at the activities desk in the Chancellor (3 days of Cable Cars, Buses, Trolleys--so fun. If I have any complaint it was that smoking was allowed in their bar that is out in the lobby making the short wait for the elevator stinky late at night. The Chancellor is so lovely and the staff is AMAZINGLY welcoming, helpful and courteously friendly. Thank you. I will be back!!	
Sep 22 2008	First Class Hotel in San Francisco	Just back from a road trip to California, where we started off with four nights in the Chancellor Hotel.We booked this hotel for four nights based on Trip Advisor recommendations, and we weren't disappointed. The hotel is an boutique style establishment, and is steps from Union Square. It has been commented that the rooms are small, we didn't think so, I would say they are of a similar size to European non-chain hotels. Our room was very clean, tidy, and well maintained, the ceiling fan kept the temperature just nice, and with a walk in closet and a very nice bathroom, they are more than adequate.What makes this hotel so good is the staff, they are enthusiastic, polite, and well informed, they make a visitor to the hotel feel so welcome, and nothing seems to much trouble for them. A special mention must go to Yesmie and Mao in Luques restaurant, they are so cheerful in the morning, they along with the excellent breakfast, made for a great start to the day. We will return to San Francisco in the near future, and we will book into the Chancellor again without a shadow of a doubt.Well done to Wes and all his staff.	
Sep 21 2008 	Pleased with the Chancellor Hotel	I booked the Chancellor after a lot of research, including on TripAdvisor, and I was pleased with my choice. I was travelling alone on business, and had struggled to find something within a fairly tight budget range that was in a safe location.I was allowed to check in early, which was hugely appreciated as I'd arrived from Australia and had already seen 1pm twice that day. My room faced Powell Street, which is, admittedly, noisy, but it didn't stop me sleeping as the bed was so comfy! The cable cars bells and traffic noise are all part of the atmosphere anyway, although the guy at a hotel down the road with a whistle gets pretty annoying!The location, as others have noted, is excellent. I went everywhere (including out to Palo Alto and Mountain View) on the Bay area's excellent (if complicated) public transport system, which is very good value for money. The staff at the hotel are generally friendly and helpful, although I did find the woman at the tour desk rather pushy - if you just stick to the buses around the city and avoid the expensive cable cars, you really don't need a MUNI pass, its cheaper just to buy ordinary transfers.Check out at five in the morning was very efficient too. All in all a good stay.	
Sep 20 2008 	Good hotel - excellent location	We stayed at the Chancellor for 3 nights whilst sightseeing in San Francisco. The hotel is in an excellent location, just off Union Square. One of the terminus points for the Powell-Hyde cable car line was only about 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Riding this cable car is an easy and fun way to get to the Fishermans Wharf and Pier 39 areas. If shopping is your thing, there are many, many shops and department stores within a few blocks of the hotel. Our room was well-presented, clean and of a decent size. The only real problem was the lack of air conditioning in the room; this was no surprise as the hotel's website makes clear that A/C is not available. It was very hot during some of our stay in San Francisco and the room's ceiling fan wasn't really up to keeping the room cool.Tea, coffee and cookies are available free-of-charge in the hotel lobby. Breakfast was not included in the price of our room. There is a restaurant within the hotel. We ate breakfast there one morning, which was ok but a little expensive.	
Sep 19 2008 	Great Hotel!!!	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Chancellor Hotel from 1st - 7th September inclusive. The hotel is in a fantastic location and has a fantastic service! All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The housekeepers did an excellent job every day!! The week we stayed was absolutely roasting hot weather, but we didn't find having no AC a problem at all. The ceiling fan was more than sufficient. The rooms are a bit small, but thats only a minor complaint, as I had done tonnes of shopping and was running out of space to put it towards the end of my stay!!!! Everything about this hotel was excellent. I would gladly recommend this hotel to any customer, whether young or old!!! Thanks to all the staff, especially the housekeepers, for making our stay at the Chancellor Hotel so memorable.	
Sep 17 2008 	I left my heart there.	This was our first visit to the USA. I have been wanting to visit for the last 20 years and never found the time. This year we took the plunge and went for it. Our first U.S. hotel was the Chancellor. What a way to start a holiday, a lovely hotel with real nice, pleasant and helpful staff. Enjoyed sitting in Luque's bar talking to Alicia and watching her pour our beers on her recommendation. Cosy hotel with a great location and have vowed to go back there. San Francisco was superb and we still have a lot to see, we were only there 4 days before flying on to Las Vegas and NY to complete our holiday. Once again, Thank you to all at the Chancellor.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great Stay at the Chancellor	My husband and I stayed at the Chancellor for 4 nights in September. We had a great stay. The room was comfortable and clean. The staff were always very helpful. Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, but it took them just a short time to get it ready while we had lunch. The hotel is in a great location, right on the cable car line and close to several bus stops. Make sure to request a mini fridge for your room for free and they will bring it up. We were worried about the hotel not having a/c, but we didn't have any problems sleeping there...because we had the ceiling fan and could open our window. Also, the cookies in the lobby are yummy!! Great experience....would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 16 2008 	It Doesn't Get Any Better Than This!	WOW! My wife and I continue to be astounded by The Chancellor Hotel. We stayed at this property from September 4 - 10, having stayed here previously during July of 2007. The entire hotel staff, from the reception desk folks to the bellmen, the concierge, the maintenance personnel, the housekeeping staff and the wait staff and bartenders in Luques, everyone was wonderful. This hotel is beyond words.To our surprise at check-in, we had been upgraded to a suite on the top (15th) floor of the hotel, overlooking Powell Street and Union Square. What a terrific view and location. We thoroughly enjoyed the expansive two room suite, complete with two televisions, two full baths, a large walk-in closet and personal safe. (Thanks Wes for the upgrade and special recognition of our celebrations.)We ate breakfast each morning in Luques Restaurant, attached to the hotel. This was not only convenient, but also provided us with a great start to each day with a fantastic assortment of delicious food. From Brioche French Toast to Praline Pancakes to out-of-this-world omelets, our breakfasts were delightful and very filling.On several occasions, we had the opportunity to imbibe at Luques Bar. Their Mud Slide Martinis and White Russians were fantastic!As many previous reviewers have indicated, the location of The Chancellor can't be beat. We were able to use public transporation to get anywhere and everywhere we wanted to go. The close proximity of the cable cars and Muni rail system really made getting around San Francisco quite easy.While there, being big baseball fans, my wife and I were able to attend two SF Giants games, taking advantage of the Chancellor Hotel SF Giants baseball package promotion. The field level seats provided by the hotel were fantastic.Rest assured that we are telling all of our friends and family back home in North Carolina that there is only one place to consider staying while visiting in San Francisco. The Chancellor Hotel can't be beat! You will be wasting your time if you look elsewhere.	
Sep 12 2008 	Location and Service Were Great for a Budget Friendly Hotel	We really enjoyed this hotel. When booking, we were looking for something that met our budgetary requirements (under $150/night) and didn't leave us feeling like we had given up amenities.The hotel has a great location, the service from the front desk staff is great and through a special deal (they give you a discount if you stay for a certain amount of days. I think it was like 20% off for 4 nights or more).	
Sep 11 2008 	Great hotel	The Chancellor hotel is a great place to stay, very nice room decent size and spotless with a room safe, great service from the staff and couldn’t possibly be more central for Union Square and other local attractions. Highly recommend this place and a final point to note there was a permanent supply of coffee and cookies available in the hotel entrance	
Sep 9 2008 	Great little hotel with lovely extra touches.	My husband and I stayed in The Chancellor hotel for 4 nights in August. We availed of the summer special offer, which meant we paid $145 per night with $25 per day food and beverage credit. We were checked in by Rory (a fellow Irish man!) he was, as were all the staff in The Chancellor, friendly and professional. After checking me in, he rushed outside to help my husband get out of a tight parking space and direct him to the car rental drop off. The lobby of the Chancellor is very attractive, there is a small bar area and there is complimentary tea, coffee and biscuits all day which was a nice touch.We were very pleased with our room, some reviews here mention how small the rooms are, we certainly didn’t feel that the room was small, it was more than adequate for the two of us. The room was very attractively decorated with rich green walls, muted brown furniture and bright white soft furnishings. Everything looked very new and spotlessly clean. The bed was lovely, very comfortable, with a pillow menu if the pillow you had wasn’t to your liking! There was plenty of storage in the room with a large chest of drawers, table with small drawer, two bedside tables with drawers and best of all, a walk in closet area so you could stow your luggage away out of sight. We had requested a refrigerator for my husband’s medication and that was waiting in the room when we arrived. The bathroom was fine, maybe not as nicely decorated as the room, but clean and well presented all the same. There was never any shortage of towels or cosmetics. Included in the room were a safe, iron and ironing board, hair dryer and radio alarm clock. Our room faced on to Union Square, we tended to sleep with the window open, so it did get a little noisy. This did not bother us as we are both heavy sleepers, but if you are easily disturbed by noise, maybe do request a room to the rear of the hotel.We used our food and beverage credit to eat breakfast in Luques restaurant in the hotel it really was delicious. We tried several things on the menu over the 4 days and everything was large, well presented and delicious. The wait staff in the restaurant was excellent also. Although be warned, this is not a place to grab a quick bite, it is more to be enjoyed for a leisurely breakfast. It also opens for lunch, but we did not try that.The location of the hotel really cannot be beaten. When you step outside, you are right on Union Square, with all the shopping and restaurants that that entails. The Cable Cars also stop right outside the door and they whisk you down to Fisherman’s Wharf in about ten minutes. Or if you are feeling energetic, you can walk there in about 15 mins (beware of the SF hills though!). We returned our rental car as soon as we arrived in San Francisco and I would recommend that others do the same. Parking in the hotel is $30 per night (and that is one of the cheapest places around – most hotels charge upwards of $40). We also noticed that parking garages around the city were very expensive. San Fran is so easy to walk around and I would also recommend a MUNI card, which allows you free transport on the buses, cable cars and Metro. We paid $18 each for a 3 day pass, when you consider that the cable cars alone cost $5 per trip, this works out very good value.Overall, I couldn’t fault The Chancellor Hotel in any way, we felt it offered excellent value for money and also some nice little extra’s such as a free jar of candy in the room, free tea, coffee and biscuits in the lobby, lovely cosmetics including bath salts, a pillow menu and a rubber duckie in the bathroom! It should be noted however that The Chancellor is only a 3 star hotel, an excellent 3 star, but a 3 star none the less. Reading through the reviews on Trip Advisor, it seems some guests expect 5 star luxury due to this hotels high ranking. The Chancellor doesn’t pretend to be anything other than a lovely boutique 3 star in an excellent location that offers superb value for money. Don’t go expecting any more than this and you won’t be disappointed. Please note also that this hotel does not have air conditioning in the rooms, we knew this before we arrived and were duly prepared. It was hot when we were there, but we just left the window open and were quite happy. It’s irritating when people leave reviews complaining about lack of air conditioning when that fact is already mentioned in practically every review! If you feel like air con is essential, you might be better booking a different hotel. All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay, this intimate hotel made such a refreshing change from the behemoth we stayed in Vegas! It was nice to be greeted by all the staff you met throughout the hotel. We would definitely stay here again and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a boutique hotel experience in San Francisco.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great location along with a great price!!	We stayed at The Chancellor Hotel on Union for two nights the last week of August for the beginning of our California journey. My main reasons for choosing this hotel was the central location, decent price and excellent trip advisor reviews. My fellow trip advisor friends did not let me down. This hotel was great! The location was awesome. We actually took the Bart from SFO and walked 4 short blocks. Great cost savings and easy! We did have 1 large and 1 small suitcase, but we were fine. You are right across from the park and our first afternoon there we had lunch in the little café. You are right across the street from the cable car line. We took this one morning down to Fisherman’s Warf to meet Mr. Toad’s Tour (which was great and I’ll review it under things to do in San Fran). We also were able to walk to bus stops to hit other must see San Fran sites. The hotel itself is very cute and charming. It is clean and I really like the old world charm and how the rooms are decorated. They do not have air and to be honest that did scare me, but once there and we had the windows opened and the ceiling fan there was no need. I also noticed no one else on trip advisor complained about it, and can understand why, because it’s very cool there at night. They also have complementary tea and coffee and there are always cookies and apples out in the lobby area. They do not have a gym on-site, but they give you the info to use one that in around the corner and it was great. The beds and linens were also very nice. The other wonderful thing they did for us was having a bottle of champagne and a wrapped gift frame for us in our room at our arrival. I had emailed to ask about the Bart and other such things and stated we were coming to celebrate our 2nd Wedding anniversary. The front desk staff was also helpful with directions and public transportation help. They even suggested a restaurant in the area for us and it was very nice. On our way out we were not going back to the airport, but renting a car, and it was an easy walk to Hertz that was inside the Westin down on Powell. Another helpful point is there are (2) Walgreens within a block of the hotel. It’s great to pick up bottled water and snacks. If your looking for good location and helpful hotel staff and a great rate I would stay here.	
Sep 7 2008 	Diamond in the Ruff	The chancelor is ideally located, seconds away from Union Square, and you can catch the trolley to take you to the trains/MUNI or just walk it, its just blocks away. The rooms are beautiful and cozy. The staff is amazingly helpful and accomadating. The weather in SF makes it unnecessary for AC, an open window was just enough for us... and we're from TX where AC is absolutely necessary!	
Sep 4 2008 	Perfect for a weekend in San Francisco	Chancellor hotel was perfect for a girls shopping weekend in San Francisco. The hotel is really ideally located, on the cable car line and just a few steps from Union Square. Our room was two twin beds, which was ideal. Although the room was fairly small, a large closet gave us plenty of space for our purchases. Staff was very friendly and helpful and overall we felt like we were in a small, family owned and managed hotel.	
Sep 4 2008	Location Location Location	I was originally booked into a different hotel when I first started planning this vacation but after checking with TA, I decided to look for another and came across the reviews for the Chancellor - on the strength of that, I asked for a change to this hotel. I have not been disappointed.The location could not be better if you are without a car - I elected not to pick up the hire car until we were due to leave and am glad I did now, like every big city, cars can be as much a hinderance as a help when you aren't actually in them!We had no trouble getting around on public transport, the hotel is so conveniently located, Macy's can be seen across the square, Bloomingdale's down the street maybe 10 mins walk if that.Any number of restaurants and bars close by to eat, including the hotel's own restaurant.Some reviewers have mentioned street noise at night - well there is some, our room overlooked Powell St. But it didn't bother us at all, certainly no worse than should be expected for somewhere in a central location.The rooms are clean and tidy, ours was small with single beds but more than adequate, Hotel staff friendly and helpful.Overall, this hotel was just right for our needs and I have no hesitation recommending it - would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 2 2008 	OK but spoilt by officious service in restaurant and rude concierge	We booked two nights in the Chancellor on the strength of trip adviser reviews. The check-in desk people and bell help were both great, and it was good to have tea and coffee. The room was smaller than the Hilton, but comfortable.However, the waitress in the restaurant for breakfast was extremely officious and and the concierge was no help at all - she seemed to just want us to go away. this we did and went back to use the wonderful concierge service in the Hilton from which we had just moved.Overall, we preferred the Hilton.	
Sep 1 2008 	Good value good location	Very close to Union Square, which is good in terms of convenience, but bad in terms of noise (&amp; beggars). Hotel offers good value accommodation in reasonably-sized rooms. Could do with a bit more sound-proofing between the rooms though.....	
Aug 30 2008 	Can't beat the location or price	The rooms at this hotel are small but we honestly we were never there, other than to sleep, and the beds were comfortable and the showers were adequate. The location is suberb. You can essentially step out the front door and onto a cable car. We would love to stay here again but we are not sure how this would work out for a family. Now there are four of us!	
Aug 27 2008 	Great location	Great location for the price. In Union Square close to everything. Clean, not expensive, friendly, if your looking for a good place where to sleep in SA, it's perfect. Clean and convinient, that's all!	
Aug 26 2008	Would stay here again	Location very handy-espec if like shopping! Macys 2mins away - and if you go there make sure you eat in the Cheesefactory on the top floor. Hotel room small but cute and clean. Our room on street front so bit noisy and rooms are not soundproof so sometimes could hear our neighbours. Would def stay here again but would ask for a room not looking out onto busy street. Free coffee and cookies in lobby too which was nice.	
Aug 24 2008 	very helpful staff	The hotel is in a great position, not noisy but central, and the staff were really helpful. I had trouble using the wireless broadband, the guy on reception didn't no how to solve it but quickly offered a work round (a cable and an ethernet socket in the bar). (No one else had any difficulty with it, my PC worked elsewhere - very strange).The only minor negative was the size of the rooms but I am about to book another stay so clearly that was not a major issue.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great stay	Chancellor hotel is in a great location, in amongst all the shops of Union Square and not far from the BART Powell St stop. The hotel had loads of character and we had a great time staying there. The rooms look like they had been recently renovated, and were clean and spacious. We loved the free lollies in the room, which were re-filled everyday! We saw the popcorn and coffee in the lobby, but didn't realise they were free til now!! Probably a good thing, because we ate far to much - the food is fantasic in San Francisco. The staff were like the hotel, full of character and some quite quirky, but all very willing to help. We would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 19 2008 	The place to stay in S.F.	I stayed at the Chancellor for three nights in August and had a wonderful stay. All the reviews on here are right; the Chancellor is a charming boutique hotel in Union Square. I arrived early and was able to check in right away. The lobby is inviting and part of the charm. There is always coffee and cookies/fruit available in the lobby. The little bar is perfect for drinks and they have a great happy hour as well. The restaurant has excellent food and is very well priced, especially for a hotel. One thing I noticed was the hotel does not gauge prices. Everything is priced right, from the bar to the restaurant to the in room amenities offered. The room was perfect, just as the website described. I couldn’t have asked for a better room. My room was on the 9th floor with a view of Union Square. The bed is extremely comfortable and they offer a free pillow menu, which was a big plus. The room also had a small work desk and 2 separate chairs with a small round table. There was plenty of space to put your things. I also loved the walk in closet, plenty of room to store the luggage etc. The bathroom was well stocked and had a nice deep soaking tub. The windows opened to allow fresh air and the ceiling fan made sleeping very comfortable. Wes and his staff do an amazing job. Everyone I came into contact was genuinely friendly and would always say hello. The location can’t be beat and I would recommend the Chancellor to anyone.	
Aug 16 2008 	Will definitely go back	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights.Loved every minute of it .It has everything going for it. Woonderful cosy rooms. Spotless , and well maintained. Perfect location. Food in the restaurant very good because i find food in hotels normally very poor.The staff could not do enough for you. Wes, thank you for the help, I got my Canon tele-photo .lens.I travelled from Ireland and will def go back but this time I'll bring my wife and child.The only negative: I can't get a room for 2 adults and one child. I want to go back so I enquired.lOOKING FORWARD TO REVISITING THE CHANCELLOR AT SOME TIME AGAIN. THANK FOR MAKING MY TRIP SO PLEASANT.JOHN	
Aug 13 2008 	Loved the Chancellor	Ioved the pleasant soothing decor of the room, overlooking Union Square. It had a ceiling fan, was cool and you could open the window. There was lots of room and the bathroom though small was very cleverly arranged. The only negative for me was the smell in the lobby as another reviewer mentioned. I have a nose like a sniffer dog (my husband says) and I tracked it down to the popcorn dispenser. I happen to hate the smell of popcorn, so maybe it was OK for those raised on that smell. I would suggest relocating the dispenser, to remove the smell which is a bit of a surprise to us foreigers, in particular. The staff were delightful and always pleasant and helpful.	
Aug 12 2008 	Outstanding hotel	We stayed at the Chancellor for six nights during the San Francisco leg of our honeymoon trip. I chose it after seeing the great reviews it had on Trip Advisor, and can only say that it is thoroughly deserving of the praise it has received on here.We stayed in room 1205, up on the twelfth floor, and had lovely views of Union Square and Macy's. Although I had told them in advance we would be arriving in the evening, about 9pm, I was still a little worried that they might have forgotten and given our room away; this ended up being totally unfounded, as the reservations and front desk staff were very efficient and had everything noted down perfectly. They had even noted it was our honeymoon, and congratulated us when we checked in, and we had a lovely little gift waiting for us in our room from them, which was wonderful. The hotel is very swish, with a pleasant lobby and bar area with marble floors. Our room was great, spotlessly clean, with a lovely comfortable bed. The cleaning staff were great, as we'd sometimes only go out for a couple of hours late morning, and by the time we came back the room had always been made up. The staff on the front desk were really helpful, warm and knowledgeable about the local area. The hotel's location is also really good, as you are very close to all the shops of Union Square, and you can easily get to buses and the metro for travel around the city. Union Square is very touristy, so we were pleased to get away to some of the other parts when we weren't shopping.There was no air conditioning in the room, but with the ceiling fan we had no problems with temperature at all - although it was quite foggy while we were there, so was never that hot outside. We also had no problems with noise in the room; you were too high to be disturbed by any street noise, and you could only hear people outside your room as much as you would in any hotel.I really liked my stay here, and was very very pleased that I chose the Chancellor. I wasn't sure if you were meant to take the cute rubber ducky home with you from the bathroom, but I did, and he is now a nice reminder of our lovely stay there in my bathroom at home.I would definitely recommend this hotel, and it would be my first choice for any future trip to San Francisco. It is well deserving of its rank on here, and is also a lot cheaper than many of the hotels with similar ratings.Thank you Chancellor Hotel!	
Aug 11 2008 	Just a 5point rating again... :)	One of my favorite things about Chancellor is that Mr Wes Tyler, General Manager keeps responding the reviews. Please do not laugh, but it was a major point I choose this hotel for the first days of our 2 weeks journey in Bay Area. And it was a really good choice. The hotel is located right in the heart of the city, a great starting point for your walking tours on the streets of San Francisco.The people at the front desk are very helpful and friendly. We asked for a room at the highest floor available at arriving. We had a backyard view we were not interested in as we used the room only for sleeping. The room was very clean and tasteful equipped; we just loved the calming green and beige/brown colors. And the pillows smelled great!The “very-best” was the breakfast at the Chancellor, especially our waiter. It is a shame but I don’t remember his name. He was always smiling and friendly talking to us even if he had to run. He knew from the second day on how my boyfriend likes his coffee and took care the pancakes have just the right temperature when arriving at our table. Thank you!We would definitely stay at Chancellor next time.	
Aug 6 2008 	Understated Elegance	We travel to San Francisco many times a year and occasionally stay at the Chancellor Hotel...it is our only choice on our infrequent wish to stay in Union Square. The Chancellor is fine old world elegance and sophistication. Staff at The Chancellor are consistently professional and expertly courteous. Though the rooms are small to tiny with small bathrooms, all our needs are met quite efficiently with attention to the smallest detail. Beautiful linens, comfortable beds. Old World is the description that comes to mind. Warm and secure. Very fair price for Union Square, plus parking of course...still one of the best rates in Union Square.	
Aug 5 2008 	Wonderful Hotel Great Service	Booked this hotel on the advice of the reviewers. It was definitely everything that I expected and more. The rooms, although a touch small were clean, pleasant, and having a window that actually opened was a great plus. We were used to small hotel rooms travelling Europe so it didn't bother us at all. We were hardly ever in the room, as SF has so much to offer. The lobby was spacious and comfortable, and there was always fresh fruit, coffee and cookies. This was such a wecome sight when coming in from a long walk up and down the hills of SF! The bar in the lobby was wecolming as well, with 2 flat screen TVs that usually had a ball game or some other sporting event on. The people at the front desk were friendly and helpful. There was a menu in the room offering many different types of pillows, should you require something softer, more supportive, or hypoallergenic. There was also a list of spa equipment to add to the bath tub should you feel like a foot or bubble massage after a long day of walking. The tub was very deep and long, and a bath after a long day in SF was just what the doctor ordered! The location is great, as everyone else mentioned, right outside is a cable car stop (good to ride on at least once for the novelty) and shopping in the area is abundant, with Macys, Saks, Neimans, all across the street. Dotties True Blue Cafe, a wonderful breakfast spot was about a 3 block walk, ( and you need that walk, especially after you eat dotties fabulous breakfasts). A wonderful Mexican restaurant, Colibri, was also a couple of blocks away. If you get a chance eat at the Slanted Door at the Ferry Building for lunch or dinner. Food is fabulous. The Chancellor was just the perfect home base for all our SF explorations.	
Aug 5 2008 	Very comfortable great location	The Chancellor hotel is a wonderful old hotel that we thouroughly enjoyed staying at for 6 nights. It is in a great location in Union Square on Powell Street, there is a cable car stop just outside the door, MUNI is only a quick couple blocks away. And if you like to shop, all the big, fashionable stores are at Union Square! The rooms aren't large, but they were certainly big enough for two of us and our luggage (we stayed in two different rooms). The second room we had was on the 4th floor overlooking busy Powell street but the hotel had a white noise machine we could use. They have free cookies, popcorn, and fruit in the lobby and a computer we could use. If you like a hotel bar, they have one but it isn't very large. Overall, an excellent stay and excellent service helping us with arranging tours and transportation. They also have a pillow menu where you can select up to two different types of pillows to try :)	
Aug 5 2008	It's old small and historic just as advertised	I knew this was an old historic hotel with small rooms, no air conditioning, and small bathrooms when I booked it. Even so, after having stayed there, I just don't think it's a property which deserves an above average or excellent rating. In my opinion, it's just average and after all, what's wrong with an average rating for an average hotel?	
Aug 5 2008 	Reviews are right on for this one	We stayed at the Cancellor Hotel in July during part of our honeymoon. The reviews on this website are right on spot regarding the hotel. The hotel is older and the rooms are smaller but very clean and the staff is very helpful. They made our honeymoon special with champagne and a gift in our room at check in. On a side note, we loved the restaurant next door for breakfast called Sears.	
Aug 4 2008 	Awesome location great price	This hotel is smack dab in Union Square, which is a perfect location for a tourist to San Fran. Although the room is very small, it is cozy and well decorated in soothing greens and browns. The room overall is very functional, with a very large closet so your bags don't overwhelm the room. The bathroom is also tiny, but well decorated in small tiles and a deep soaking tub. The place overall was extremely clean, and so relaxing and charming (it is a very old/historic hotel). It was so fun to roll out of bed and be in the middle of it all, and the staff was accomodating and very friendly. The cleaning crew cleaned in the afternoon unless you put a sign up requesting early cleaning, which was very nice.Although the place was wonderful overall, it was slightly noisy since you are right in Union Square, and during our stay there was some construction right across the street. We were never bothered by the noise, though, unless the windows were open. The walls are slightly thin, and although not generally a problem because it attracts a pretty quiet clientele, we did have to ask the person on his cell phone next to us to keep it down at 4 a.m. The bathroom is not well-ventilated, so they ask that you keep the window open while you shower, which is slightly awkward to get to and has no curtain. The window is small, however, and tucked back over the toilet. There is also no heat in the hotel, so you must use a stand alone radiator, which works okay, but not great. This was only a problem a couple nights since we had unusually cold weather. The lobby also smells slightly moldy, which several people noted during our stay. These were the only cons about the place and were honestly very minor in comparison to how great the place was.For the price, this place was fantastic and I would recommend it again in a heartbeat!	
Aug 3 2008 	One of the Best	Looked at your reviews for hotels in San Francisco. I liked what I saw concerning this property,You hit the nail on the head! Great location. Great hotel(european style boutique). Extremely patient and helpful staff.Knowledgable front desk and bell staff. Really a perfect 10.	
Aug 2 2008 	Top location	We stayed at this Hotel after researching on this site and found it everything that people said and more. The location was excellent, staff were brilliant and the cookies were delightful. We could not work out why people had any complaints, the walkin wardrobe was very useful. Being a tall gentleman I found the bath one of the largest i've come across.	
Aug 2 2008 	Outstanding hotel outstanding staff.	Like in many big cities, finding a comfortable and decently pricedhotel in the downtown of San Francisco can bea unsurmountable challenge. After reading all the good reviews on Tripadvisor we decided to try the Chancellor and we now have found our home away from home in SF.My wife and I booked a 4 night stay from the hotel website. They had a special for stays of 3 nights or more which made it a real bargain.We flew into SFO and took a cab to the hotel. As soon as our cab pulled up in front of the hotel we were greeted warmly by Martin, the hotel bellman, who took care of our bags. We got to the hotel before check-in time and were prepared tohave to wait, however, the room was ready and check-in wasa breeze. When we made the reservation we had requested aquiet, mid floor, room and that's what we got. We went up to the room on the 7th floor and a couple of minutes later Martin showed up at our door with our luggage. Martin notonly brought our suitcase into the room but he set them up onthe luggage stands and showed us where everything was.Martin was so genuinely warm and welcoming that we knew we had made the right choice by staying at the chancellor.The room was wonderful, with a queen bed, two armchairs and a coffee table. It had a large walking closet so overall I would notdescribe it as small. The room was tastefully decorated and very comfortable. Once thing that impressed me was that although the hotel is right on Powell Street, one of the majorarteries of downtown SF, and a stone's throw away from busy Union Square, our room was indeed quiet and we slept like babiesat night, despite leaving the window open.The room had wireless internet which worked flawlesslyand we even had a pillow menu which allows you to ordervarious types of pillows. The bathroom was very nice with one annoying little thing.The toilet is smaller than usual. What's odd is thatthere is actually plenty of room for a bigger one. Since the rooms have recently been renovated I was wondering if the toiletis a remnant of an old bathroom layout where the door clearancerequired such a small design. It would be nice if the toilets werereplaced. This being said, it's manageable even for a 6'5&quot; blokelike me.There's a restaurant (Luques) on the ground floor of the hotel.We had breakfast there one morning and the food was verygood. Very conveniently, the hotel lobby has a booth were you can get information on tours, book tickets for various attractions, buy stamps, etc... We bought our Muni passes there. The passesallow you to use the buses, metro and the famous Cable Carsfor 3 or 7 days. Note that there is a Cable car stop right in frontof the hotel. In fact, if you do not mind standing up in the Cable car you are probably better off catching a ride in front of the hotelrather than queuing for ages at the bottom of Powell street.This is actually a general tip. Cable cars are never filled up to their max capacity at the first stop of the lines. I guess that'sto allow other people to hop in along the way. Therefore, if you are traveling from Powell St or Fisherman'sWharf which seem to always be crowded, just walk to the nextCable car stop and you should be able to hop in on the nextcar.Both metro and Bart are a short walk away from the hotel. On ourlast day we rented a car and that evening we decided to use thevalet parking service. We parked the car in front of the hotel (thereisn't much room to park on Powell St so if you can't find a spotjust drive around the block until there's an opening), left the keyswith reception and they took care of everything. We paid around30 dollars which compared to what some of the other hotels around charge for parking is a rather good price. There is alsothe option of parking the car yourself for a smaller cost.We checked out the next morning. We had arranged with the front desk to have our car delivered at the time of our check-out.The valet brought the car over but there were not free spots on Powell (you cannot double park because of the Cable cars) so he had to circle the block a couple of times. A couple of hotel staffeven went out on the street and started regulating the traffic infront of the hotel so that our car could be parked.This is an ideal hotel for a romantic getaway or a businesstrip to SF. If you are traveling with small children, however,you might want to look for another location because, as thehotel website states, it is not recommended to have morethan 2 people per room. Incidentally, the hotel website isvery well designed and you can download a very complete list of room features and hotel amenities that should help you indeciding if this hotel is for you. Also, don't forget to check outthe specials on the website for some very good deals.We really had a fabulous stay at the Chancellor. While we were there my wife and I really felt at home and not in somehotel room. In an age where customer service is often littleless than a afterthought, the Chancellor shines by the genuinewarmth and professionalism of its staff. From the bellman and the front desk, to the chambermaid and the maintenance people,everyone we met at the hotel was great.This is probably the real secret to the Chancellor, its people.You really get a sense of a team working together to pleasethe guests. We love SF but we loved it even more with the Chancellor.There's only one problem with this hotel. You will be sad to leave it.	
Aug 1 2008 	A charming place to stay	The Chancellor exudes charm and character. The staff are exceptional and the location is as good as it gets - one min walk from Union Square. We stayed at The Orchard Hotel when we first arrived, it was twice the price and is further away from Union Square. Our room was compact but exceptionally clean and comfortable. This hotel reminds me of an old New York hotel. After three weeks travelling in CA and staying in all types of accommodation (5 star, B&amp;B's etc) The Chancellor is one of the nicest places we have stayed.PS. the breakfast is good!	
Aug 1 2008 	Great location	Stayed at the Chancellor for 6 nights. It's location is ideal for seeing the city. You are right on Union Square and are close to all public transportation options.The onsite restaurant was a good option for breakfast and we found it better than a few of the breakfast spots within a few blocks of the hotel (Sears, Lori's Diner).The room was clean and a good size for two people. Our room was on the front of the hotel and there was a bit of noise from Powell Street but the hotel was nice enough to provide a white noise machine. This made sleeping very easy.I'd stay here again in a heartbeat - excellent location, great value and great staff.	
Jul 31 2008	Great Hotel in Heart of Union Square	This is a great hotel right in the middle of San Francisco. The staff is very helpful. The rooms are clean and well furnished. Besides our bed at home the bed at the Chancellor is one of the most comfortable that I've ever slept on. My only complaint is that the walls seem a little thin. We could hear the people next door watching TV. The Powell Cable car is right in front of the hotel. Shopping and restaurants are a stone throw away. The restaurant in the hotel is great for breakfast. The staff there are extremely helpful. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jul 31 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This was our first trip to San Francisco and we were delighted with this hotel. The location is perfect, it is so close to the shops and a cable car runs right past the front door! The room had modern decor, the bed was really comfy and it even had a jar of sweets in the room- nice touch! Another great touch was the coffee/tea/cookies/apples available in the lobby. The staff were very friendly and helpful and overall this hotel was great value for money. We would definitely recommend it and hope to stay there again ourselves.	
Jul 28 2008 	Very pleasant stay at the chancellor	As far as central locations in San Francisco go, you can't get it much better. As we had a room pretty high up on the backside of the hotel we were able to sleep with the windows open, without any noise penetrating from the streets below. The room had a walkin closet, with ample space for all the luggage we were carrying with us, and the bathroom was a decent size as well.The staff downstairs were very helpful, the lady in the concession stand in the lobby helped us with our tourarrangements and some of the other questions. It is located extremely central, so it is very easy from there to start your trips, whether it is shopping (50 yards to union square) or the cable carts (passing by the hotel) that tickles your fancy.When staying in San Francisco this is as far as I am concerned a very good choice. For the price it can not be beat.	
Jul 27 2008 	Location!	Well, SF is pricey. However, I believe the Chancellor is a decent option within the under $200 range. Yes, the rooms are rather small, and the decor not as fresh as one would like. but it clean, and the location is probably one of the best in the Union Square area. So, the Chancellor is a very decently priced option in the Union Square area, if you don't plan on spending too much time in the (smallish) room with the cable cars ringing outside.	
Jul 27 2008	would stay again in a heartbeat	After being in countless hotels, it was a delight to be in hotel where the room walls are not all white and the room has some charm! I adored the painted green wall &amp; the green chairs. it added some life to the room &amp; made it feel very cozy. it was a very chilly SF summer during my stay &amp; the heat could have been better in the room. luckily there was a portable heater in the closet. Friendly staff, comfy room, clean and a great view. btw, if you're not used to city noise, ask for a room in the back. i got trolley noise which was fine by me but i'm sure others wouldn't be happy.	
Jul 26 2008 	Wonderful Hotel in Union Square	This was a great hotel. I traveled with my mother for a week long workshop in the area and just needed a decent place to stay for a decent price (hard to find in San Francisco). This place was much better than decent! The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, the food in the restaurant (we only ate breakfast there) was delicious, and the rooms were very tidy, tastfully decorated, and had everything we needed - and even brought us a mini fridge upon request. The rooms were a quite a bit smaller than others I stayed in but it did not bother us one bit. I would highly recommend this hotel also for location! You are right in Union Square which has plenty of shops and restaurants as well as cable car rides and museums. Great hotel!	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Experience	I stayed at the Chancellor last year over Labor Day. First off the Location is perfect for doing all the things one would want to do in San Fran. The best part is the the Rail is right by the hotel so if your like me and dont like to spend money on cabs it's perfect.The saff was great, and helped out with booking a car for a day, and always made sure the room was clean. The staff also booked my activities as well.The room was clean and if I didnt know any better I would think this hotel would charge alot more than they do. Price was great compared to others in the same area that arent as nice.I am going back this Labor Day was well!!Overall this Hotel is a perfect fit for anyone wanting all the above!Great experience!!	
Jul 22 2008 	Excellent City Base for San Francisco	What a great hotel! Before we travelled I e-mailed the manager (Wes Tyler) with a request and also mentioned that we were there for a special occasion. He organised my request and also arranged a surprise gift for us! Where else would you get service like that?From the time we arrived we felt welcome and the staff were very professional and friendly. I don't remember their names to mention but I do remember Rory on reception because he is from Ireland.One of the best things about this hotel is the coffee, tea and cookies in the lobby which are available all day. This makes a big difference if you just want a quick refreshing cup of coffee at any stage during the day. There are also apples in the lobby but make sure you finish eating them before stepping on the cable car as you are not allowed eat on them.The location of the hotel is first class as it is at Union Square and the cable car stops right outside. You can walk to all the shops, visit the visitors information centre on the square where you can buy a three day travel pass for $18 and the train station is just down the road.Our bedroom was great and the ceiling fan was efficient at keeping the room cool. It was not as big as the rooms you would get out of town but it is certainly a good size for a city centre hotel.Wes, if you read this review you will realise that we appreciate all the hard work you and all your well trained staff do to keep their guests happy.	
Jul 22 2008 	Location location location	The location directly on the Powell cable car line is very convenient to many attractions. And it is just uphill from and beyond the noisy crowds of Market Street. The rooms were very clean, nicely appointed, and rather small. Complimentary coffee, cookies and newspapers in the lobby were appreciated. Staff were polite, professional and helpful. It would be nice to have a view - but hotels offering that tend to charge twice the price. Besides, there is plently to view outside: San Franscisco is not the place to hole up in a hotel room all day!	
Jul 21 2008 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was perfect for us. We stayed 4 nights with our two teenagers on 15th floor. The location, the service, the value and the atmosphere were just perfect. We didn't need air con and loved hearing the city wake up and go to sleep. Even though you are right next to Union Square we did not find it noisy.The trams stop outside the hotel (but are very busy going North during mornings and South during evenings), a Muni card is worth getting as the trams are $5 per ride and SF has great public transport system	
Jul 19 2008 	We enjoyed our stay at the Chancellor	In early June of this year my wife and I stayed at the Chancellor Hotel, Union Square, San Fran. Our stay was quite comfortable notwithstanding that the room was a little &quot;tight&quot; compared with other hotels that we had been staying at during our holidays in Canada and the USA. This minor issue was more than compensated for by the location, price and friendliness of the staff. We had breakfast at the hotel dining room each day and found it to be excellent. The &quot;Eggs Creole - Benedict&quot; were particularly great and I must E-Mail the hotel to see if I can get the recipe. The young man who was holding down the &quot;Tour Shop&quot; for his mother in the Hotel Foyer was very helpful and the young lady who served behind the bar was also very pleasant. Whilst we were in San Fran I took the opportunity to visit the Coit Tower on Telegraph Hill and was pleasantly surprised to note that the Chancellor had sponsored one of the &quot;brick steps&quot; leading up to the tower, something the reception staff at the Hotel was unaware of. All in all we would stay at the Chancellor again when in San Fran and recommend it to other travellers who are looking for reasonable digs without having to go over the top with costs. Incidently, we chose the Chancellor after reading reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great location and very friendly hotel	Just return from a 2 weeks stay in San Francisco and Canada.We stayed 3 nights in SF, thank you Les Tyler from the Chancellor for the great hotel rate and all the advices about the city. The room although is small but is very clean and has free internet service with free biscuits, fruits and endless amount of tea and coffee in the lobby which we did not get in the hotel we stayed in in Canada.The location is excellent we bought the 3 days transit pass as advised and traveled to all the well known sites of SF using cable car, street car, metro and the Bart.Will defitely come back again and highly recommend this hotel to all.	
Jul 13 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic hotel!	The Chancellor Hotel is the best in San Francisco! I stayed there for 3 days at the end of June, and absolutely loved it! The location is perfect, right on Union Square with great transport links to everywhere else in the city. We had the corner room on the 13th floor, so I am not sure if it was a bit larger than usual but it was a great size. The bed is one of the most comfortable beds I have found in a hotel with duvets instead of the usual blanket. We also got a good recommendation from the front desk for a Pizza place two blocks north of the hotel called Uncle Vito's. Not much to look at from the outside, but great pizza!I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, it feels stylish and boutiquey whilst being in the centre of the city and best of all at a good price! What more could one ask for?	
Jul 11 2008 	We made the right choice	We started our 2 week tour of California at the Chancellor. Obtained a good rate on the web site and was very impressed from the start. I was travelling with 2 teenage kids and had asked for adjoining rooms, 1 double and 2 singles. We got it, no problems. Yes the rooms are smaller than the average American hotel but what they lack for in size, they make up in style and character. The lack of A/C was not a problem and the other facilities in the room were all of high standard.We were at the back of the hotel so the view was not as nice as the front would have been. This made no difference, we didn't go to the US for the view from our room, we went to experience the city and you do that from the front door.When other contributors have said the location is great they are not wrong. The cable car stops right outside the door, Union Sq is seconds away and the little restaurant next door does an awesome breakfast if you can't get in to the hotel .We had pre-dinner drinks at the bar most nights before going off to eat. With teenagers (boy and girl) we stuck to the &quot;themed&quot; restaurants which are all nearby and we felt quite safe walking around late into the evening .The staff at the hotel were excellent, had a good sense of humor. At one stage I thought Stephen Merchant (The Office, Extra's) was the Concierge as he really looked like him. There is free internet and coffee in the foyer.If we ever go back, we will be staying here.Note to non Americans, when we entered the hotel the first thing you see is a warning sign that the building contains chemicals likely to cause cancer (see photo) at first I thought &quot;OMG what have we done&quot;. You then realise the same or similar signs is on show in the majority of public buildings in California. I will never eat chips again	
Jul 10 2008	Great hotel	This hotel is just excellent!! Location is perfect, the rooms were nice and clean. And the hotel staff is so friendly and helpful. I was really impressed about how service minded they were! My friends and I stayed for 4 nights and had nothing to complain about. I will definately book Chancellor for my next stay in SF!:)	
Jul 10 2008 	ChancellorJun08	A pretty good location but hotel is quite small - a narrow yet tall building with no real view except from a corner of Union Sq. The room was quite small but it was a nice, bright &amp; clean. The breakfast was quite good. Often the problem in SF hotels is the parking and we had to not only unload the car ourselves but park it in a nearby garage and of course there's a charge. I would have thought the hotel could at least arrange to valet park cars if you paid for that. SF in June was hot &amp; sunny one moment, cold grey &amp; cloudy the next! The Gay Pride Parade was fab - lots of colour and sound and outrageousness - GREAT!! [Next year try and get ALL the floats to have music playing as it is SO much better that way (and with smaller gaps between the different groups).] If you have never been to one you MUST eat at a Cheesecake Factory as they are simply superb!!	
Jul 7 2008 	"When you find a GOOD thing.......stick to it..........!"	Returned to the Chancellor, bringing friends this time, so 'repeat business' says it all really.Delighted with the tasteful refurbishments since our first visit.Same with the friendly service by ALL staff at the hotel.The location ensures you are a tourist 'in the thick of it' but the management style makes sure you are treated as a valued guest.We find no reason to consider changing our San Fran. accommodation. See you again next time!	
Jul 6 2008 	Great Location	We had a great 3 days at this hotel at the start of our holiday. When we checked in (very efficient) we were told we had the best room - we did!! Top floor with a view of Union Square. The room was excellent, the staff were so friendly and helpful and nothing was any trouble. Coffee and cookies on tap all day. SFO was having a heatwave at the time but we did not find this to be a problem at all - a fan was available if we wanted it. Housekeeping was always good. The hotel could not be faulted and we would stay here again without a doubt. A great hotel in a great city.	
Jul 5 2008 	Ideally located	We stayed at the Chancellor in June having read the reviews on Trip Advisor. It is ideally located and I can see why it is rated so highly, although we had just arrived from Vegas and the Hotel isn't in the same league as those Hotels! Good check in, fast and efficient and a nice room overlooking Powell Street, even if a little small, but we were only there for two nights. If we returned to San Fran (which we probably wouldn't as once you've done Alcatraz, the Pier, Fisherman's Wharf, the City Bus tour and driven over the Bridge and down Lombard Street there isn't much else to do) I would return to this Hotel and would recommend it to anyone, although there are a lot of other Hotels nearby the tram stops right outside this one!	
Jul 3 2008 	Gorgeous Hotel in the Heart of San Francisco	When I first booked this hotel, I was kind of suspicious that the price was so low for a prime location. I thought I was heading to another disgusting, cheap hotel that ruins my vacation. Instead, I arrived at a sophisticated, friendly hotel that I was completely pleased with. I loved being on a upper floor and being able to see the skyscrapers, and the door of the lobby places you right in the action. I booked another couple of nights at the Chancellor for this coming weekend, and I'm looking forward to it!	
Jul 2 2008 	The only place to stay in SF - an absolute gem!	Last time I went to SF in 2006, I narrowed my hotel choices down to 2: the Monaco and the Chancellor. I ended up choosing the Monaco, which I subsequently regretted. Last week, I was finally able to correct my mistake and enjoyed the most wonderful stay at the Chancellor. I cannot fault this hotel - everything from start to finish was perfection. All the hotel employees were courteous and efficient; the food at the hotel restaurant, Luques, was delicious (open for breakfast. lunch and dinner - we just had the breakfast), and the service prompt and friendly; the room was spacious and beautifully appointed; the hotel had wonderful maps and anything else you needed for your stay in SF. Full disclosure: Like the previous reviewer, I was also upgraded to the top floor, which I'm sure had larger rooms. This hotel has everything - even the option to borrow a noise machine if you need one (I never travel without mine, and did use it in SF, as I am a light sleeper). The bed was amazingly comfortable - and you can request different pillows if you wish (we did not need to do this, though - ours were perfect!). The bath products were wonderful and smelled great and the linens were unbelievably soft.The location is unbeatable - you are steps from the cable cars and the Market Street lines, which can take you right to Fisherman's Wharf or the Ferry Building, respectively, and other places as well. Not to mention there is a world of amazing shopping at your feet when you step out the door! Any questions we had were answered courteously and promptly, and the valet process was great. If you have any questions at all, do not hesitate to ask any of the staff - I was in a state of disbelief with regard to how consistently friendly, cheerful, and helpful every single member of the staff was. That alone makes this hotel a standout, but it is an exceptional hotel for so many other reasons as well! If you have forgotten anything or need anything, there is a Walgreens nearby. I went into the Borders next door to the hotel to pick up a local magazine. Cabs were plentiful and easily found just outside the hotel at any time of day or night. The Chancellor is officially the only place I will stay in SF, and I will recommend the hotel to anyone and everyone without hesitation. It is truly a gem of a hotel in the heart of SF. Thank you, Chancellor and Wes, for a unbelievably wonderful and pleasant stay. I cannot wait to return!	
Jul 2 2008 	A Gem	My two children and I stayed at the Chancellor for four nights this month during a two week road trip from South Carolina to San Francisco. I had read the reviews and chose the Chancellor because of location primarily. We were checking in after three nights in the Bellagio in Las Vegas so I wasn't sure about how the kids would react after all of the flash and grandiosity of the previous hotel but they loved the Chancellor as did I for several reasons. First, of course location, location, location. So close to great eats (Sears was awesome for dinner and breakfast), great shopping, parking (reasonable), drug stores, transportation whether you want a quick ride to the Wharf on the F line or a thrilling ride on the cable car. It was warm in SF when we were there but we opened the windows and everything was fine with very little noise. Because the hotel is small and we saw the same employees (who would quickly recognize us) over and over again, the children were able to be a little more autonomous than usual so they were allowed to go downstairs alone to get the complimentary popcorn, apples, and cookies. My son used the ethernet connections in the lounge with me in the evenings and everyone was so friendly to him. My debit card was lost at one point and I called the front desk to ask about the location of a Wachovia bank in SF. They called around and found one that was open that day, a Saturday, called the bank to confirm the hours, mapquested the directions, highlighted the route and sent me on my happy way. I think that the age and size of the hotel give it a unique and friendly feeling that really makes you feel a part of SF. My 10 year old daughter took the yellow duck she was given at the Chancellor into every hotel pool we visited on our way home. I watched as it floated around as she was playing and on several occasions adults picked it up and read the inscription on it and asked my daughter about it and that began a lengthy and colorful conversation about her &quot;awesome&quot; trip to SF and her stay at the Chancellor. Thanks Wes.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights, and cant fault the hotel at all, fantastic location, great deal for 4 nights stay very nice, clean room, nice view of Union Square from the 14th floor, nothing was a problem to the staff, would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Francisco, would definently go back	
