	Not worth the expense - Dirty room Stains Scratched Furniture	We flew into SF for a extended family gathering in San Fran and the wine country. I have stayed at hotels all over the world and expected a clean well appointed room from this Japanese hotel chain. The lobby was impressive but if you really looked at everything it was chipped, scratched and in dire need of repair and updating. The room we were showed to had light colored carpeting which was extensively stained, the lamp shades were dirty and stained, and the furniture was all banged up. I asked to have a room change and they explained that the hotel was going through renovations and we would be moved to a room which had completed the renovation project. Well, TWO rooms later I just gave up and decided that this was going to be the condition of all rooms. They had tried to UPSELL us at checkin to the two or three top floors which were 'Nikko' floors for $89+/night. I didn't realize that unless you upgrade - you would get stuck!!!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Happy with our Choice	The hotel is in a great location, very close to BART station, cable car lines and Union Square. The lobby and hotel is well presented and creates an appealing and safe first impression. The king deluxe rooms is a good size. Higher floors have a nice skyline view. Front desk staff and concierge were very courteous and helpful. Pool is large and workout area is nice. We found the hotel and room quiet. Didn't try the hotel restaurants as their are so many great restaurants in the area. Lots of great places for breakfast. The carpets in the room were a bit dirty and the bed was good but nothing special. Other than that nothing but positives to say. We got a good rate through a travel agency and felt it was a good value compared to other similar level properities in the area. This was a very functional and comfortable hotel. For our first trip to SF it didn't let us down and made for a great vacation.	
Nov 19 2009 	Simply a Great Hotel!	We stayed at the Nikko hotel for 4 nights, it was our second time in San Fran and we were not disapointed with this hotel, if we return again we would defitely stay here. Upon arrival the great bell service took our bags and guided us to reception. Reception/lobby are very impressive, huge, bright modern space with lots seating.Lovely reception staff checked us in, we were asked if we would like access to the pool/fitness area as this was only $10.00 for the entire stay (for two people for 4 nights) we said yes. Hotel is large but there are plenty of lifts so you are never waiting very long.Yes the standard rooms are quite small but we did not feel cramped at all, they are well decorated and very clean. The bed was very comfortable with lots of blankets and pillows. Room had a large flat screen TV (with plenty of channels), desk area and lots of storage space. Bathroom was lovely, very modern, shower was really good, the bath was small/shallow but I find this is standard in most US hotels. Great tolietires and coffee making facilitires which are replenished daily. They also give you the usual iron/ironing board and hairdryer.Our room had a great view over San Fran and the Bay.Daily house keeping was very good, new towels, toiletries, coffee every dayThe pool/fitness area is well worth the $10.00 fee, because they charge people the place is pretty much empty. The reception area and changing rooms (which have a sauna and steam room) look brand new. We didn’t use the gym but it looked good with all the equipment you could need. Pool area consists of a resonable sized pool and a jacuzzi, the only downside of the pool is its so shallow in some areas my partner (at 6ft 2in) had trouble swimming in it! It is a very rleaxing area which is just what you need after a day in busy San Fran.We didn’t eat in the resturant but it looked very nice, we used the lobby bar a few times and were very impressed, great bar service, lots of comfprtable seating, very relaxing atmosphere.We used the business centre once, the internet is quite expensive but then it always is in a hotel.Added bonuses were an ATM within the hotel and a Starbucks just off the entrance area. The hotel is also right opposite the main Car Hire companies on O’Farrell Street (Dollar/Thifty etc).Location couldn’t have been better, just off Union Square with easy access to great shopping/resturanets and the cable cars. I much prefer to stay in this area than the very touristy area of Fishermans Wharf. We had a slight problem at check out as one of our bar bills had been added twice but it was very quickly sorted out.The only compliant I had was with the conceige desk, the lady manning this desk was very unhelpful and acted like she was doing us a favour helping us. She kept my partner waiting for about 5 minutes while she finished what she was doing on her computer and only helped him after he said it was a quick question! Surely their top priority should be the guests? I would have given the hotel 5 out of 5 if it wasn’t for this, as conceige is a very important thing when you are in a new city.	
Nov 17 2009 	sleepless at the nikko	My husband and I arrived on a Wednesday. Rooms were clean but small. Hotel is near everything. Cable cars, Powell bart, shopping galore, wonderful restuarants. Returned to hotel for the evening around 9. We were awakened by loud fire alarm and intercom message that a fire alarm went off and they were looking into the situation. Then we heard fire trucks around the hotel. Since I fell asleep with wet hair I got up to dry my hair got dressed and got my belongings and waited for instructions. They never called. My husband called and they said every thing was okay. No apology, no nothing. Finally went back to sleep around 11. The next morning the front desk, concierge, all acted like it was no big deal. Contacted the director of operations. &quot;Oh I'll look into it. &quot; Checked out and charged $15 for internet service. Funny we don't have a computer. They looked us over to make sure we didn't before adjusting the charges. Stay at the Hilton across the street.	
Nov 17 2009 	Quiet with a great location.	The Hotel Nikko is a great hotel if you would like to be left alone. I was dropped off on the ground floor where my bags where taken by the door man. I was instructed to go to the first floor to check in. A room was available even with us being there two hours before check in. The room was small but updated and clean. The bathroom was modern but the hot water pressure could have been better. The location was great close to Powell St., Westfield Mall and Macy's. I would exit from the ground floor and only went to the first floor to get the morning paper and enter the Starbucks. Everyday I left my room at 9am and never saw any housekeeping but when I returned in the afternoon my room was always cleaned. Recomendations; Enterprise is in the hotel and you can return the car to the valets after hours for a $20 fee. Cafe Daniel is a little corner store cash only but very cheap and friendly i would suggest getting a big bottle of water from them for $1.75 beats the $6 one in the room. I also tried Dotties which was on Guy Fieri's show waited an hour, it was just ok. I liked the whiskey bluberry crumb cake but otherwise I can get better at numerous diners in New Jersey. I went to a few other places I tried an Italian place nothing great, the only other place worth mentioning was The BurgerMeister on Columbus was pretty good burger and the shake was great. The guy working the counter was very nice.	
Nov 12 2009 	Great location food staff and everything else	Took BART from San Francisco airport for $8.10 and walked 4 mintues from Powell St. to the hotel. The location is amazing. Very short walk to cable car, a mall, MOMA (Muesum of Modern Art). What is not close is easy to get to by BART or cab. Staff was great. TV experience not great. Flat panel, but not many channels, nothing HI Def. 5 business travelers with me all agreed that Anzu restaurant was amazing.I'll stay here every time I'm in the area.	
Nov 9 2009 	Romantic Weekend For Two at The Nikko	My boyfriend and I decided to attend the recent engagement of Ashford &amp; Simpson at the Nikko. Since I had previously been a guest of the Nikko and was impressed with the excellent accomodations and service, I suggested that we spend the night so that we could really enjoy the event and not drive home Saturday night after the show. We also made a reservation for Sunday brunch. Of course, the show was fabulous, brunch was delicious and hotel was still as wonderful as I remembered. My boyfriend was so pleased that he is planning several more visits for us in the next few months. This makes me a very happy lady.	
Nov 7 2009 	centrale	Small rooms, clean and quiet. Gym very old, ridicolous pool. All the bars were closed.Central position, guys efficient and professional, not warm...	
Nov 5 2009 	Horrible	this is not the chic hotel they advertise.it is over priced and understaffed. the lobby is very cold and uninviting. the rooms are the size of closets and they charge over 240.00. they nickel and dime you to death, have to pay extra for the internet connection in your room. not enough lighting. no honor bar. no help in the business center, photocopies cost over a dollar. staff is just as cold and unhelpful. I recommend the Hilton it is just next, or the Marriott just a couple of blocks away. they have people all over the hotel warmly greeting you and happy to assist you and copies there are either free- Marriott or .15 cents at the Hilton. Oh yeah and it costs extra to use the fitness center. This hotel is not worth the high price they command at all!!	
Nov 3 2009 	Fabulous hotel; fantastic service friendly personnel!	The front desk personnel were extremely polite and made me feel important. All the hotel staff were very accomodating. The hotel is not far from Union Square and is perfectly centrally located, not far from the infamous Powell Street cable car, BART and Muni. The interior, complete with a waterfall along the steps leading down from the lobby to the O'Farrell Street entrance was serene. The view of the city from my room (on the 18th floor) was spectacular in the morning and evening (sunrise and sunset). I definitely recommend this hotel for business or leisure travel and am happy I had the chance to stay there during my recent trip to SF.	
Oct 25 2009 	Our first time at Nikko -- but we'll be back!	We booked a two-night stay via Hotwire as our first try ever with the online booking site. It was our &quot;big citiy&quot; interlude between a week in Napa/Mendocino and a trip to Lake Tahoe. When we arrived -- earlier than check-in, time I might add -- we were treated cordially and efficiently by the front desk personnel. She confiremd our reservation and let us know what kind of room we had -- a &quot;queen&quot; room. She let us know that we could upgrade for $20/night to a more spacious &quot;king&quot; room. This was a no-brainer, given the low, low rate we'd secured on hotwire. Our king room turned out to be a corner room on the 12th floor -- full of light streaming in from two directions, and high enough above our neighbor buildings that there was no need to close the drapes! Everything exuded luxe -- this, after a week in some too-idiosyncratic B&amp;Bs! Staff was friendly throughout -- from front desk, to concierge, to bar, to cleaning staff encountered in the halls. Bed was terrific, the roomy bath a pleasure. Great location -- a block off Union Square. When I reported items missing in the mini-bar, so as not to be charged for them, housekeeping said they'd take care of it. When the items appeared on our bill, I simply told the front desk they weren't our charges and they instantly removed the charges. Our stay made us big fans of Nikko Hotels.We are big fans of cabaret, and the Nikko has a room with headliners. Sorry we didin't get a chance to sample it.	
Oct 19 2009 	Nice room for 1 person	The hotel is very nice, and in a good location for a tourist, Union Square. The room was nice but really small, and not much closet space. I was by myself in the room so it was fine, but I don't know how more than one person stays in the room. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was nice. The bar has a good happy our which is nice.	
Oct 19 2009 	Bad trip in San Francisco at Hotel Nikko	I had hoped that Hotel Nikko would be a nicer hotel. I booked my room months in advance so I could spend the night before running in the San Francisco Women's Marathon. My room was very small with no view. The bathroom and furniture were nice, but the rug was tattered and stained, walls had dirty marks, and the room smelled musty. The bed was comfortable with nice sheets and pillows.The worst part was that someone started pounding on the door of my hotel room at 2 am. I tried to ignore it, but the knocking continued. I finally got up and checked the peephole and saw a woman outside who appeared to be crying with her face buried in her hands. I yelled through the door to go away, that she had the wrong room. The woman then tried to engage in a conversation to try to get me to open the door. I wasn't going to participate in that BS so again I yelled through to door for her to go away. She then started screaming that I was a horrible person who doesn't care if someone is getting raped or murdered outside my door. Yeah, as if that makes me want to open a stranger in the middle of the night. I immediately called the front desk to have security come check things out. I never heard anything back from the hotel/security. I asked the front desk a couple different times about the incident, but no one seemed to know anything and didn't seem to particularly care.I had a hard time getting any sleep the rest of the night as I realized that someone was trying to set me up to rob me in my hotel room in the middle of the night. I will never go back to this hotel, ever.	
Oct 18 2009 	Pet-Friendly and Pleasant Staff in Prime Downtown Location	We booked our room through a site that had the word &quot;cheapo&quot; in its name-- so that should tell you something about the level of room we got--- probably the worst and smallest. Still, it was clean and bright and had a good tv and decent desk. They are pet friendly--- and by that i mean that they do not charge a bogus nonrefundable deposit of any kind. (though we did sign a paper stating that we would give them all our worldly possessions if the dog did any damage.) I think there is a weight limit on pets that they accept. The location could not be better-- right at the downtown area, and not too far into the tenderloin. There are several non-hotel parking choices on surrounding blocks for about $25 which includes the huge city tax. While our room was tiny and i must fault them for having no lights near enough to the bed to turn them off without getting up... the bed was very cozy and the air conditioning was quiet and very effective. As others have said, the staff is very kind and, though we were in a very inexpensive room, they treated us as if we were valued guests.The Nikko has an awkward approach to the lobby-- but once there, it is lovely and peaceful. We really enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 17 2009 	Very good service 	We got a really good price on hotwire and when we turned up and asked for a baby crip the very nice man at front desk frowned a bit : &quot; Well, you have been booked a queen size room and it is very tiny. i don't think it can fit a baby crip. I will book you a king room instead free of charge.&quot;Wauw. That's five star costumer service for you. The rest of the hotel is four star:-)By the way ....very nice concierge who found a microwawe to the baby food.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great place for San Fran touring	We had a &quot;Nikko Floor&quot; room, which I believe was slightly larger than standard room. Was fine for 4 of us. Came with free wifi, a great breakfast buffet and access to the health club and pool. Service was fine and location was great. Tops for convenience, with a Starbucks and Enterprise car rental right in the hotel. Highly recommended.	
Oct 12 2009 	Prime Location near Union Square!	The Hotel Nikko is located in the heart of the Union Square area. It's a short (and flat) 2 block walk from the Powell/Market BART station, making it very easy to get in and out of from the SFO or Oakland airports. It is also near the Powell cable car stop, which is a &quot;must do&quot; tourist attraction. It is also a short walk to prime shopping and restaurants. The hotel is quite large and airy in the lobby area. However, the room sizes can vary quite a bit in size. King bed rooms tend to be cozier than those with 2 double beds, which are more spacious to accommodate the beds. Room service at the hotel is also quite good, and I've always found the staff to be courteous and prompt. As a travel agent with Eden Exploration, I would definitely recommend the Hotel Nikko to clients for their leisure or business trips to San Francisco.	
Oct 12 2009 	We liked the place!	Overall we very much liked this hotel. We felt the location was a great starting point for most areas in the city. Now after being to SF I feel like anywhere you stay in the city would be fine also considering how small SF is anyway. The way I read other reviews I really expected to show up and this be very Japanese styled, but I really didn’t find it that way. Yes it had an influence but if someone dropped me in there and didn’t tell me anything I wouldn’t have guessed Japan Airlines owned the place. Check inNo problems at all and we arrived pretty late, around 11:30pm. The front desk clerk was very friendly and efficient. RoomGood sized room, 1030 I believe, with a king bed, desk, dresser, fridge and chair. We also had a large window to see some of the city from our side of the hotel.  BedI liked the bed but the pillows were horrible. They were so soft and gave no support at all. It was so bad my wife went and got a towel to put under the pillow for extra support. BathroomIt was huge and very nice. Our had a full tub and shower. Never had a problem with hot water and I also liked the pressure. There was more then enough room in there for 2 of us to be getting ready at once. FridgeSmall mini bar fridge in room. I wanted to open it to put in drinks but I didn’t want to set off the sensor to charge me. TVNice big flat screen TV with a bunch of channels. They also had a few Asian language channels. InternetWas pay. I ended up just using my cell and I got good coverage with Verizon in my room the whole time. CheckoutEasy and quick. They gave us the bill right away and we were on our way. OverallWe liked and place and got a great rate on Priceline. I even had a rental car one day and I was able to find a parking spot outside the hotel. I wouldn’t bet on that often.	
Oct 8 2009 	San Francisco Honeymoon	Though Hotel Nikko shows some wrinkles, the hotel made up for its blemishes with a phenomenal and courteous staff. I never felt like I was imposing on anyone at the hotel. The concierge, the attendant at the Imperial Lounge, and the waitresses/servers at ANZU were helpful and engaging without being invasive. I was offered an upgrade to a suite which was nice, though I could not afford it. I can't say enough about the people at the Hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location ok rooms	The location of the Hotel Nikko was great. Service at check in was fantastic. We only had one bath towel in our room and had to request more. There was also no towel bar so the housekeeper always only left us one. The furniture was dated an somewhat damaged, but everything was clean. The bathroom was nice (minus one missing towel bar) and the stand up shower was great. The hotel is just steps from Union Square and the cable cars.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice but not too nice...	Hotel Nikko was nice, but not quite as spectacular as I'd imagined/hoped as a splurge for a local event. As a Bay Area resident, when I pay for a hotel I want it to be over the top. Nikko satisfies, but doesn't leave one wanting more...	
Oct 8 2009 	GREAT HOSPITALITY	A quick note to express how delighted I was to stay at the Nikko Hotel. I travel extensively for work. I basically live in hotels and I am always annoyed by un-smiling faces at the desk or by desk staff that treat you as if they were giving you charity. I was very satisified with the way I and my clients were greeted at the Nikko Hotel by Teresa. She was so friendly and accomodating. GREAT EXPERIENCE!!!	
Oct 7 2009 	Nikko is a great place to stay in San Fran	We booked the Nikko for the pool and it turned out to be a great choice all around. The room was very nice - upscale (see pics) - clean and a decent size for a city. The location of the hotel was nice - near union sq. No it's NOT near the waterfront but close to the cable cars, busses, trolleys etc. LOTS of places to eat close by (Try Sears for breakfast). Also Union Sq is a hopping place - lots of bars, clubs, shopping. We went into more upscale hotels nearby but you would pay a lot more for them too. One hint - DON'T get the cable car at the end of the line - get it a block up - no lines!. The restaurant inside the Nikko had good food. A little pricey but good. We LOVED using the whirlpool tub at the pool after a long day of sightseeing and hiking the hills of San Fran. It refreshed us for the next day. There are a lot of homeless people around the hotel / union square area. One concierge wasn't too friendly and didn't seem super knowledgeable about the area but others were good. The front desk was ALWAYS friendly and nice and helpful. And we got in 9:30 AM and they had a room for us. Booking on Expedia I thought they'd make us wait til 3. No view though. We wonder if we booked direct would we have been on the side with city views? We had a building to look at. OH - The on site car rental was a great deal - cheaper then parking at the hotel if you rent from the airport. We took a shuttle to the hotel and rented as needed.	
Oct 4 2009 	Friendly hotel staff and classy setting helped make our stay memorable	I have many positive points about our four-night stay! We appreciated the friendly staff throughout the hotel: the front desk, concierge, maids and bellmen. We slept well in the fluffy queen bed. The building is quiet. Although our room was close to the elevator, no hallway noise bothered us. The rooms were soundproof; we weren't disturbed by any talking or plumbing noise either. Our room on the 21st floor was a bit cramped, but it had a good view. The health club is a good deal, costing only $10 for our entire stay. The indoor swimming pool is shallow, but the exercise room and changing area are spacious and well equipped. Our trip was enhanced by the excellent service we received, the hotel's classy interior, and we liked being close to Union Square.	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice Hotel Close to Union Square	I stayed at Hotel Nikko as part a lastminutetravel.com package - I'm not sure what the hotel portion came out to be, but the room was probably less than $100/night. The hotel is in a great location, close to union square and shopping! I got a room on the 20th floor and was able to check in upon arrival in the morning (which was a nice surprise!). There was a semi-view if you looked right or left. otherwise you were facing another hotel (but not too close, so you didn't feel closed in). The rooms are simple and comfortable. They have all the toiletries and amenities that you would expect. The decor is fine - nothing to write home about but certainly not offensive. My only interactions with staff were at check-in and check-out. Totally uneventful, so that's a good thing.The hotel had good temperature control so I never got too hot or cold, and it was also very quiet despite the fact that my room was across from the elevator. This was a nice hotel, and I would stay here again - it lacks the personality of some of the smaller boutique hotels, but it makes up for it in price and accessibility.	
Sep 30 2009	Excellent Stay	Booked my large group at Hotel Nikko for the weekend. It was a lovely stay. The hotel treated each of my guests well, and even provided extras to me (the event planner). It is so easy to walk or travel anywhere from here, about 3 short blocks from the Powell Street Station, and hubby and I easily walked to the Alcatraz Tours (down Market to the Embarcadero, very flat) and to a baseball game (Market to 3rd, thanks to Trip Advisor Forum!). San Francisco is such a unique city, and Hotel Nikko is unique as well. It has an Asain theme, but I felt that it was understated and very elegant. The buffet breakfast in ANZO was excellent too. I recommend for a special stay. BTW, took the group to Teatro Zinzanni. It was good, though maybe a bit longer than it needed to be. Good value for the money. Great performers.	
Sep 18 2009 	Nice hotel	Hotel Nikko was in good condition, with clean rooms and an excellent location. Ideally placed for Union Square and a short walk to the tram or bus stops.	
Sep 16 2009 	Lovely Hotel centrally located	I stayed here for a night before departing on road trip following day. Lovely Hotel with all ammeneties. Flat screen tv, Very comfortable bed, Centrally located and reasonably priced at $100/night (from memory booked in advance)This hotel has all that you require for a great stay- Starbucks located by front door, Very good conceirge service, walking distance to all major attractions-Union Square, China Town, downtown shops &amp; car hire.Tried to stay again apon my return to San Francisco unfortunately booked up! Should have known given the quality and friendliness of this hotel	
Sep 13 2009 	Loved this place!	Great room, great amenities. This is a beautifully appointed hotel with a gorgeous lobby. The staff is professional and friendly. Did not care for the hotel sushi bar/restaurant. I would recommend &quot;going out&quot; if you want to find good, affordable sushi. Wonderful stay overall!	
Sep 13 2009 	Fantastic Service Great hotel for our honeymoon	We stayed in an Imperial Club room at the Hotel Nikko. It was a wonderful experience. We had a room with a great view of the financial district and the bay. We were there for our honeymoon, and there was a bottle of complimentary champagne. The service was top-notch. The hotel is located very close to a cable car stop, and it is within walking distance of many tourist spots (if you like to walk; it was really more like urban hiking with the hills).Breakfast at Anzu was great. A good selection of Japanese and Western fare. Room service was also rather good.	
Sep 12 2009 	This was a very pleasant place to stay.	We stayed in an Imperial Club room, on the next-to-top floor. The room was extremely comfortable and clean, with nice views of San Francisco. The bed was extraordinarily comfortable, and the room had nice lighting and chairs. The bathroom was big with a good shower. The Imperial floor has a lounge with large windows from which one can see San Francisco harbor, and in which continental breakfast is served, as well as an afternoon wine/beer and fruit and cheese party. We got coffee in the morning, which was very good coffee, and had a glass of wine in the afternoon. The room also came with two tickets for the buffet breakfast in the Anzu restaurant. There is a standard American breakfast, and a Japanese breakfast, both of which were very good. The location is close to the Powell Street BART station, and Union Square, and many attractions in San Francisco are within walking distance. The front desk personnel, and the bell captain were very friendly and helpful. We would definitely return.	
Sep 12 2009 	It was a most accomodating hotel the service terrific	I have been to many hotels in my travels, and have never stayed at a more accomodating hotel as the Nikko. Everyone was so helpful. It was most rewarding place to stay at. There were 3 especially helpul. Michiele, Annette and Rick were always ready to help us whether it was arranging a tour, or just answering general questions, they took the time to make sure that all our questions were answered in a polite professional way. These 3 persons should be commended the way they performed their duties	
Sep 9 2009 	It was probably pretty posh.... 5 years ago.	OK, I got a deal. It was a busy weekend, and I got a deal. Great location minus the wrong turn I made latenight into the bowls of &quot;The Tenderloin&quot;... avoid that. Basic room, wasnt spending enough time there to pay for the multiple &quot;upgrade&quot; offers. It was clean, nothing fancy, great bed. Black paint around the mirror and a new counter top does NOT qualify as &quot;renos&quot; though. Very dated, including the carpet seams letting go... its time for the Nikko to spend some money for that &quot;4star&quot; rating. The staff was decent, but previous reviews were spot on... LEAVE LOTS OF TIME TO CHECK IN AND OUT! I would still recommend the place, just dont expect the real deal 4star.	
Sep 8 2009 	Big mistake	I wish I had taken the negative comments about this hotel more seriously. We liked the location of the hotel but will not stay here again. There are so many other good hotels in the area, so don't make our mistake.We got a Imperial Club room to make sure it's not too small. We got there around 2:15. They told us the room is not ready but it will definitely be ready by 3. They got our cell phone number and told us they'll call us when the room is ready. We went to the concierge lounge and waited for their call which never happened. Finally, around 3:15 we went back to the desk to see what happened. As soon as the receptionist saw us, she remembered that we have been waiting for her call. Only then she checked to see if our room is available. They still didn't have any rooms available even thought it was after their official check in time. She asked us if we want to upgrade to a suite for $65 more?!!! Any other hotel, at this point would've said we'll upgrade your room since it's our fault that your room is not ready. We already had paid so much for the imperial level room and didn't want to pay any more so decided to just wait. This was just the beginning of their horrible service. That night when I was leaving the gym, I saw an Exit sign next to a door and by mistake thought that's the actual exit. Since there were no other signs there, I had no idea that this door gets locked behind you and you can't open it with your hotel key. I was stuck in a small hallway that led to the Fire exit. I banged at the door and tried to get their attention to open the door. Luckily, I had my cell phone so I called my husband. He called the desk and asked them to open the door for me. I waited for quite sometime and kept on knocking on the door but nobody showed up. Eventually one of the guests who was passing by was nice and opened the door for me. The hotel security never bothered to even call me to see if I'm out!! When we complained about the fact that they never called us to confirm if I got out of there, they were so unprofessional and rude. I thought they would apologize and try to fix future problems minimally by adding a sign that would say &quot;This door locks behind you&quot;, but I guess even that is a lot to expect at Hotel Nikko!	
Sep 7 2009	excellent customer service in every aspect. cannot wait to go back there	great location and views in particular from floor24. very helpful staff.would go back again.	
Sep 5 2009 	I recommend the Hotel Nikko San Francisco!	Hotel Nikko is the perfect &quot;City&quot; hotel in which to stay. The staff is Awesome! Not to mention the location of the hotel; walking distance to great shopping, nightlife and restaurants!	
Aug 31 2009	Good location	I selected this hotel from tripadvisor. Close to shopping, buses. We walked to Wharf and took bus back. Walk to Chinatown, Italian area and on down to the Wharf. San Francisco very safe for women traveling. Try Johnny Folley's Thurs, Fri or Sat after 9:30. Great piano bar. Mad Piano's very entertaining. We went to Asia SF. Great food, fun and entertainment. Be prepared to walk. Lots to see and do. Do rent bikes and do the Golden Gate Bridge trip. Return by ferry. We went to Francines on the Wharf great view and lovely dinner. This hotel has entertainment Lorna Luft was there when we were. She did a great show.	
Aug 24 2009 	Stunningly stylish elegant and comfortable.	We stayed here for the last two nights of our holiday, having booked through Hotwire and got a very good deal. We were offered an upgrade for 'fantastic views and a bigger room'. Well, the room wasn't the biggest we saw in San Francisco, but the views were fantastic - we had a corner room which overlooked downtown San Francisco with distant glimpses of the Bay between other buildings. We loved the cool, marbled elegance of the bathroom, the huge flat screen TV and the enormous bed with its pillow-topped mattress and forest of pillows of different sizes and colours. Shame about the powdered milk and the charge for internet access, but all the four star hotels we stayed in were similar in this respect! Staff were very efficient and friendly. We didn't eat in, as it was expensive, but the location is so good you can find hundreds of places to eat more cheaply and there are internet cafes around if you don't want to pay the charges. Loved it and would go back if the chance arose.	
Aug 22 2009 	Good location	Good location a few minutes walk from Union Square, Cable Car and BART Powell Street Station. Room average size for this rating and reasonably fitted out but looking a little tired. View from 17th floor overlooking city OK with a tiny glimpse of the Bay Bridge. Maybe better views higher up and looking towards the north. Concierge and front desk staff extremely helpful and polite. No tea and coffee making facilities in rooms which is irritating but Starbucks downstairs with entry from lower foyer. Mini bar in room fully stocked so no room for your stuff - all electronically tagged so move anything and it gets charged to your account - very very irritating. Would use again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Good Discount Hotel	Read all the reviews. This is a hotel that was very nice when new, but is getting a little ragged. Based on the reviews, I spent the $20 extra per night to upgrade to a larger room. They were not pushy about the upgrade. I had to ask. The upgraded room was adequate in size and clean. The furnishings, nice when new, are showing their age. The carpet, while well vacuumed, had stains on it. Linens are nice, and the bed is comfortable. The walls are thin, but I was lucky and my floor-mates were all quiet. The $10 per stay extra for the health club (exercise room, pool, steam and sauna) is recommended--the facility is spacious and well equipped. The Starbucks in the hotel was not open early (posted hours are 5:00 am, but it opens much later), but there's another only one block away at Powell &amp; O' Farrell. You can save yourself $15 per day in parking (with in &amp; out privileges) by using the garage at O' Farrell &amp; Taylor one block away. I did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants because there are plenty of great ones in any direction. The location of the hotel is great. I would have been disappointed had I paid more than the $128 rate (including upgrade) I got on Hotwire.	
Aug 22 2009 	Good value nice rooms however staff not so great	we booked two rooms in this hotel for us and our two young children (10 and 8) having asked to be close to each other ;however when we arrived the people at the reception were overwhelmed and although we had our reservation confirming our request they put us in 2 rooms on a different floor .Reception and concierge facilities were absolutely below averageThe rooms however were very nice and clean and noisefree and after all we were ok with the kids .breakfast is very nice and the overall price also was very good.one big minus the guy in the hotel bar was very unfriendly and the bar lacked charm.	
Aug 19 2009 	Hectic But A Good Choice For Downtown San Francisco	We stayed at the Nikko on the last night of our San Francisco trip. I normally don't stay at large &quot;business conference&quot; style hotels, but I found a great rate (187/night) on a Club Floor room so thought I'd give it a try. All in all it was a nice stay that was a cut above a chain hotel Check in was prompt and efficient (at the time we were there at least; later on in the night there were some LONG lines), and the same lovely girl who checked us in also printed out boarding passes for us at the end of her long shift. I thought the Club Floor would have some exclusivity to it, but I think almost everyone in the hotel was staying on those floors! It was almost comical when a group got into the elevator, everyone reached for their keys for the club floor rooms. At any rate, expect a &quot;Grand Central Terminal&quot; kind of feel to the lobby and the public areas. The room WAS nice, but the entire design is a bit sterile. The king bed and bathroom were great. The view was OK, partial bay view but much of it was blocked by the Parc 55 hotel across the street. There is a complimentary wine and cheese happy hour from 5-7, we had to head to dinner around 4:30, I asked the attendant if we could perhaps have one glass early and a few nibbles of cheese as much of the stuff was already out. He advised no. Granted, this was a stretch, but it would have been touches like these we would really remember. There is free internet access, but no printers, in the lounge as well. Turndown service is offered for the club floor rooms, we got chocolates and our fortune on our pillows. Worst part of the stay was definitely breakfast in the restaurant, avoid at all costs unless included for EVERYONE with your room. We only had one breakfast included in our stay, the other one cost around $25 and was terrible. There are several reasonable breakfast places within walking distance of the hotel, these would have been better choices. The pool and jacuzzi are standard hotel issue except for the outdoor terrace which was lovely. We did not use the health club or steam rooms. Sorry about being picky above, all in all this is a pretty good place. You won't be disappointed as long as you don't expect true uniqueness or quaintness.	
Aug 19 2009 	amazing hotel! the best place we've ever stayed by far!	We loved this hotel so much! My boyfriend and I booked a room last minute on www.orbitz.com so we got a special discount. The hotel we had been booked into previously (The Red Vic) was an utter disappointment on arrival so we decided not to stay there. We got a taxi to this hotel...and we couldn't believe our luck!The staff were so friendly and efficient - we were booked into our room in no time. The room was immaculate - and the bed was incredible! completely covered with luxurious white pillows. The ensuite bathroom was so spacious - having a bath or shower was an absolute pleasure. The key cards made us feel very secure and safe during our stay.We got to use the beautiful pool and sauna facilities during our stay for minimal cost. The downstairs bar was lovely - they were always giving us free drinks! The starbucks downstairs was a nice touch too! coffee and buns for breakfast! yay!Staff kindly helped us with our bags - they even let us store them in the hotel when we went off on a bus trip for a few days! They called us taxis and always gave us information on where to go and what to see.We stayed here for far longer than we had first anticipated! It was such a romantic, clean, spacious, bright hotel in the best possible location (walking distance to Union Square!) I'll never forget it :)	
Aug 19 2009 	GREAT	We stayed at Nikko hotel San Francisco for 4 nights in August 2009. The hotel is quite big but very well manged. We had a room on the 19th floor, not too small, great views, fantastic clean bathroom ( including both bathtub and shower, with glass wall, so no dirty sticky curtain) and very comfy bed. On the premises yopu have e Starbucks for coffee, a pool/spa/fitness center (10 USD fees apply, you pay justone time, no matter how long your stay is). The pool is nice, not so WOW, but nice. If it had not been crowded with kids and their unmannered parents just splashing and diving with a big NO DIVING sign, it would have been better, I guess. The parking is trather expensive (45 USD per night, but the self parking is as much that price, with no in and out privilegies). The location is fantastic, central to everything, the restaurant is ok, I'm not a fan of Japanese kitchen: they have a sushi bar and a little menu with some western kitchen with Japanes names, but as I said no chichis. We liked the hotel, we liked the location, maybe the furniture in our room was a bit ruined and scratched, but alltogether the stay was very nice and pleasant.	
Aug 18 2009 	Truly exquisite in every way -- star star star star star star staf star	The Nikko in San Francisco is absolutely gorgeous and the service is beyond belief. The lobby decor is breathy, contemporary, eastern, minimalist -- with a stream running around it, no less! The room was top notch georgeous. The staff could not have been more professional. After this trip, I can't imagine staying anywhere else in the city.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Hotel Centrally Located	We spent three days at the Hotel Nikko while in San Francisco. It is a cute hotel, located close to shopping and great restaurants. The staff was friendly and accommodating. Our room was clean, cute, and nice. The entire hotel was booked while we were there, and this didn't stop the staff from being courteous and helpful. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Excellent choice no worries at all	During our recent trip to New York &amp; San Francisco one of my concerns was to choose a good Hotel, centrally located, 4 stars, reasonable price, Internet access, two Queen size beds, walking distance to main streets, etc. Based on opinions in Tripadvisor and in my own feeling reading the Hotel web page (I travel very often across Europe and know many Hotels), the NIKKO was selected for San Francisco’s 5 days stay with wife and teenager daughter (3 adults sharing same room, something very usual in the US, not that much in Europe, almost a non existing behaviour in Spain).In principle I focused on a Superior Room but during reservation process (thru Internet) I realised that for a small increment in the price a double room at Imperial Club Floor was also available. This Club is located at the top of the building, floors 22, 23 and 24. The price included complimentary breakfast for three people (a $60 total value!), access to exclusive facilities, newspapers, free Internet, Gym, etc. Now, back home again, I am proud to say that I made a right decision, all expectations were met, no doubt, and Hotel NIKKO fully satisfied all our requirements. Staff personnel are truly professional, all levels, including personnel at the Reception Desk and in the ANZU Restaurant (used for breakfast every day) and also a super efficient concierge staff (special credits for Mr. E. Cerrillos) when specific information, not necessarily typical tourist information, was required. This is a very clean Hotel, one block away from Union Square and Cable Car stop in Powell Street, one block also to the huge SFO Shopping Centre, an very good breakfast with high quality food including but not only delicious fresh fruits (what huge &amp; very sweet strawberries, never tasted same in my life, even though we have plenty of them here in Spain!). Also important to note, all major Rental Car brands are around the corner, plus a huge parking garage (4-5 floors) in front of Hotel ($15 per night if you leave before 09:30 a.m., which is a very convenient facility when all the Rental Car offices close down at 18:00 or 19:00 in the best case, too early if you decide to pay a visit during the day to either San Jose (HP Pavilion, a great place for fun!), Silicon Valley, Monterey, Sausalito, Sonoma etc and you return after-hours and need to park somewhere in the vicinity).The price of the Imperial Club room at Hotel NIKKO (mine was 2209) depends on the date and actual occupancy, as usual everywhere, but in my case was something like $258 per night (plus local taxes) for 3 adults which is decently balanced (cheaper, I would say) compared to similar Hotels in big capitals in Europe. Of course, current favourable rate Euro to US Dollar also helps. The bathroom included both a spacious Shower cabin and a Bath tube, plus a flat TV set embedded in the mirror. Plenty of clean white towels, no problems at all. Safe box and a Pioneer Stereo Receiver plus a 5-CD player (even 3 CDs with easy listening music) were also available inside the room. All in all, should I have any future opportunity to visit San Francisco, I will not waste one second of my time looking for accommodation. Simply I will come back to Hotel NIKKO. I cannot say that there are no better Hotels in town. There might be others with probably similar or higher quality and price. But I am pretty sure that I will no take any risk and will go straight on for a safe &amp; good decision: Hotel Nikko. Thanks!.	
Aug 3 2009 	Fabulous Experience - Excellent Customer Service	I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Nikko for a convention. After initially reading reviews on TripAdvisor, I was concerned about staying here and booked a room at the Hotel Prescott instead. BAD IDEA. That hotel was so bad that I checked out before I checked in and fled to the Nikko. Everyone at the Nikko was incredible from the front desk staff to the business center to housekeeping. Everyone did whatever they could to accommodate us and make sure that we had a pleasant stay. We upgraded to the 23rd floor where we had a fabulous view and a wonderful room. It was very comfortable, clean and functional. The hotel was packed with convention attendees the entire time we were there, but the staff didn't skip a beat and we got first class service the entire time we were there. We attended several receptions there and the food was always good. Be sure to try the Asian restaurant on the second floor. The food was incredible. We sat at the bar and visited with the bartender who made great drinks and excellent recommendations for food. If we go back to San Francisco, regardless of whether it was for business or pleasure, we'd definitely stay at the Nikko again.	
Aug 3 2009 	The best hotel in Union Square!	My husband, teenage daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko. The location is central to everything including transportation. The Bart is a block and a half away. The famous Cable cars are a block and a half away. There are many great eateries to choose from. The shopping ( great for a teenager) was superb. We were so happy that we chose the Nikko.The Hotel Nikko is clean and beautiful. The staff is friendly, polite and helpful. The rooms are large and spacious. After a long day of walking and shopping it was wonderful to come back to a large comfortable bed. We were extremely pleased with the service we received at the Nikko. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in a great place. We shopped around online for prices ( thank you travel advisor) and got a week's stay for under $900.00. The hotel has a pool and a hot tub ( my husband enjoyed this.) There is a small one time fee of $10.00 for use of the pool. Well worth it. If you like to travel light, the hotel provided great bath amenities. The bathroom has a tub and a separate shower ( wonderful and relaxing.)We stayed on the 16th floor the view of the City was visible but since Union Square is so densely populated with other hotels we mainly saw hotel roofs. The hotel is home to a great restaurant ( expensive ) and jazz bar. Great after a day of shopping and sight seeing.This hotel is a must stay!	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Location - would stay again!!	We stayed here on our honeymoon following a recommendation from a friend of ours who's a travel agent. Room was lovely and large....minimalist style. Very comfy bed. There's an entrance to starbucks in the lobby and a fab little sandwich shop across the road. Located just 5 mins walk from Powell Street and the Shopping centre. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 2 2009 	Nikko is superb !!	We have stayed in Nikko for 2 nigths Upon arrival we have seen 2 different types of rooms and we choosed the junior suite.It was beautifull and luxurious.We had installed our things and went off to go shopping in the neighbourhood.When we came back we found a letter in the room from the management that it was our lucky day and if we want to contact the reception...We were upgraded to the ESSEX SUITE ..Wow , it was so unreal , it was just like an appartment that big , and our kids loved the toilet wich cleans your behind !!!!!`The rooms were very clean and the staff is very very friendly !We were on the 23th floor and you have acces to some more facilities such as a free intercontinental breakfast on that same floor.So if you are visiting San Francisco : our advise : Stay at Nikko !!!We are going to stay there again for 2 nights at the end of our trip in California at the 14th of August and are looking forward on this stay again !!	
Jul 30 2009 	1 Star Pretending to be 4	don't arrive at the lounge at closing time and expect even a glass of wine to take to your room; don't expect room service to serve; every penny that can be pinched is; management is unresponsive and dismissive; we travel a lot, and expect common courtesy at a minimum; do NOt expecf it here! spend your $4-500 a night in an actual service-oriented hotel	
Jul 29 2009 	Hotel Furnishings Look a Little Worn	We booked this room on Priceline so we were grateful for the excellent rate of $80.00 that we were able to get. The location near Union Square was perfect and we enjoyed our stay here. We felt that the furnishings--especially in the lobby--could use some updating. The room was very small but clean and the hotel staff was very helpful.Most of the hotels that we have stayed in recently have free wireless service--this hotel did not! We rented a car for a trip out of the city at the Hertz Rental Location across the street which was very convenient.	
Jul 29 2009 	Not 4 star but okay	Stayed here last week. Room was small, and very clean. No fridge or microwave. Internet extra by 14 dollars a day. Very, very good concierge service. Convenient location.	
Jul 23 2009 	OK for the price paid.	My opinion of this hotel, based on my recent stay last weekend, almost mirrors the TA opinions written so far...so I'll keep my review short.Location...absolutely excellent. Didn't stray too far into the &quot;tenderloin&quot; district (or whatever they call it), so no problems with safety concerns. Definitely a lot of homeless people nearby, but in any major urban downtown area, that is simply a reality. No issues with that.Hotel...only average. For the price paid, was just OK. We pricelined our room, and after reading the TA reviews, paid the $30 for an upgrade to a larger room, on a higher floor. Very glad we did. Did not pay for the upgrade to the Imperial Level (club level). I'm sure that those rooms are nice, but declined that $90 upcharge...stayed with the $30 bump.High floor, very quiet, pretty nice amenities. Had the minibar and the robes. Again, for the price, not bad. But not that great either. To give just one example...the furnishings. As another reviewer noted earlier, the furnishings were very very dinged up and worn. Note, I did not stutter with my typing &quot;very&quot; twice there. Meant to do that, to underscore just how worn the furnishings were. I couldn't believe it. In other hotel stays, when I've read similar comments about dinged up furnishings, most of the time I simply chock those bad reviews up to nit-picky people, expecting too much. Not the case with the Nikko, at least the room we had. The side table, next to the reading chair, was scraped and scratched like you couldn't believe....not exaggerating this to make a point. Just trying to relay our experience.One last thing...cleanliness. A little spotty. This was perhaps the most disappointing part, because all it takes to correct this is some elbow grease and care from housekeeping. Desk, table, dresser not wiped down properly, etc., etc. In summary, if you get a good price, and do a small upgrade, you can't go wrong with choosing the Nikko. If you pay full rack-rate price, and don't land the Imperial Floor room, you'll probably be disappointed.	
Jul 16 2009 	Guess I got lucky with a upgrade!	I read a few of the ok-to-not-so-great reviews for the Hotel Nikko, but it was quite the opposite for me. The Hotel Nikko is in a great location right in downtown San Francisco with restaurants and shops just a block or two away. Valet handles parking for you, and since we had several bags with us, we took advantage of the bell hops and entered the hotel without struggling with our bags and a huge box of wine (from the parking garage, you have to take an escalator to the second floor reservation desk). The woman at the desk upgraded us to the Imperial Club rooms on the 24th floor, though we paid about $170 for a standard room on a Tuesday. I have no idea why. We didn't ask, nor did we pay more, but boy, did we luck out. The floor-to-ceiling window faced downtown San Fran and the ocean in the distance. The room had a mini-bar, CD system, flat-screen television, and free wireless internet. The bathroom was massive with both a bathtub and glass shower. There's even a small television screen embedded in the mirror! Pretty nifty.Imperial Club access was quite a treat. The Club Lounge was located on the 23rd floor, and between 5pm-7pm, they served beer, wine, cheese, and crackers. A good continental breakfast was served in the morning. I'd definitely stay at the Nikko again, but considering the other reviews, it looks like staying on one of the Imperial Club floors will make the experience much better.	
Jul 15 2009 	highly recommended	i recently attended a conference here last week.stayed 5 nights .service and staff - 5 star ratingroom - high floor with partial view of the bay - partial b/c some other buildings were blocking the view.the room itself was small by my standards,but clean and comfortable;the bathroom an upgrade and was excellent.the breakfast buffet at the japanese restaurant was monotonous and not really anything out of the ordinary.on the 5th floor id their huge healh club with a pool spa etc...one of the biggest I ve ever seen in a hotel of this star rating.i've been to many hotels in my life, and this has to rank right up there on many levels.it is within walking distance of many sights;the BART station is about a 7 minute easy walk and the cable car station is even less.the only drawback locationwise is that it sits at the edge of the tenderloin district,which is sort of an area you would not like to wander in at night.if you walk in the opposite direction, then you're headed towards union square.the MOMA is about the 20 min walkand the financial district is about the same. parking will set you back 45 usd/day-don't bring a car if you don't have to.there is no shortage of tours etc...to show you the basic SF stuff.when in sf,you should try this hotel first ,unless you're on a budget,but what the heck - live a little,life will pass you by	
Jul 13 2009 	Just OK	We got an $84 room on Priceline (came out to about $100 with taxes and fees). I know that when you book on Priceline you run the risk of getting one of the hotels smallest or least desirable rooms and that's to be expected and somewhat fair. It's not always the case, it's been more often NOT the case, actually, for us.Check in was quick, the front desk agent offered to sell us a $35 upgrade and another $10 to use their gym/pool. We declined both offers. Our room was not only tiny, it didn't have all of the features/ammenities they list. . we were without a mini bar or robes.It was clean with the exception of a huge black mark on the wall. This was by far the smallest hotel room I've ever seen in my life. I can't imagine spending more than one night in there or spending more money than we did for that room. It was fairly sparce in appearance as there wasn't room to put much. The linens were pretty and very comfortable.The hotel was quiet, very quiet, in a good location for shopping and dining and tourism.The lobby was beautiful with white marble, water features and fresh orchids. Check in and out was fast an efficient.	
Jul 13 2009 	Worn Out Furnishings	We booked the Nikko as a four-star hotel from Hotwire for $98. Good rate. Good Location. Gracious staff. Good; bed, sheeets, bath, etc. But the frist room we saw had blotches thoughout the carpet and smelled of smoke. We requested another room(Andrew at the desk was very helpful) and the carpet improved but all the furniture was dinged, damaged and heavily worn. Takes away from what we think of as a four-star. Otherwise, a good, though small room for the price.	
Jul 12 2009 	Expensive but nice	got a price of $100 a night through Priceline. I found out shortly afterward that was for a small room with a queen bed. We upgraded to a room with two beds that was twice the size for 40 dollars more. The room was very nice on the 18th floor with a great view of the union square area. The room was VERY quiet, the beds very comfortable. I never heard another person while I was there. The elevators in the hotel are the fastest I have ever seen. The location of the hotel was great as far as access to the cable car and shopping. There are many homeless people in the area though which ruins the whole thing. Not the hotels fault though. Parking at the hotel is very expensive at 50 a night. We ended up actually spending 225 a night for this room in the end with the upgrade, parking and taxes.	
Jul 12 2009 	Everything Was Perfect	It's rare when you stay at a hotel that never drops the ball during your time there. That's what happened during our recent two-night stay at the Hotel Nikko in San Francisco. We got a requested upgrade to a junior suite on the 20th floor, with access to the lounge on the 23rd floor and a complementary buffet breakfast both mornings we were there. We got right into the room upon arrival, even though it was early afternoon. The room and view were spectacular. The staff was universally friendly and attentive. The breakfast in the hotel restaurant was first rate. The lounge had free internet access, several different free newspapers, a great continental breakfast (which we didn't need because of our complimentary buffet breakfast) and free wine and cheese every afternoon. Staff went out of their way to make sure we were well taken care of. The location in San Francisco is perfect for us--two blocks from Union Square, close to the symphony and opera buildings (12 blocks), and a 30-minute walk to the waterfront. We will definitely be back!	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Experience	If you read my other reviews, you will see i am a budget traveler. i don't require a lot of fancy things but would prefer to save my nickels for other areas of spending... however, i stayed at the nikko for work and was reminded why people stay at nice hotels. i have nothing but good things to say about the nikko. clean, friendly staff, great location and accommodating. while there, i needed a comb and some safety pins: both of which housekeeping ran up for me. they even waived some fees i got from the self dispensing fridge as my son pulled out all the candy. No questions asked, was charged nothing. the bathrooms are new and modern. we also had a sitting mirror vanity which was a nice classic touch in our room. the hotel caters to asians as most of the staff is Asian and they have a lot of japanese newspapers available. the spa/workout area was being remodeled but it was still a nice facitily. the workout area is large with ample space vs. a small room that is all mirrored to appear bigger. the pool is nice and it has a glass roof so it is kept warm. although the hotel was high end, it was still family friendly. location--- very conveniently located. union sq, moscone center are both easy walks. it is bordering the meatpacking district so be careful of the &quot;line&quot; and don't go there in the evenings.	
Jul 6 2009 	Modern Japanese decor in Union Square	I booked this hotel with Priceline for one night for $85. I called the hotel to confirm the reservation and found it was for a queen bed and was offered an upgrade to a king deluxe room for $30. I took the offer and was glad I did.We were on the 8th floor and had a nice, modern room with minimalist style decor. The room was clean and quiet.Parking was $45 per night with unlimited in-out privilages. The hotel is located in Union Square, so if we didn't need the car to drive up north the following day, we would have opted for public transportation to avoid the valet fee.There is a pool and fitness center which the hotel charges a $10 access fee (optional upon check-in).	
Jul 3 2009 	amazing stay	I had the pleasure of staying here for work. What an incredible hotel. The staff is incredibly gracious and the rooms are beautiful and luxurious. San Francisco is such a wonderful city and the comforts of the hotel can actually make you want to stay inside to relax instead of going outside to explore.	
Jun 29 2009 	Modern hotel near union square	This is a wonderful hotel within 2 blocks of union square and 3 blocks from the BART (less than 5 minute walk). The location was safe and near the cable car lines (2 blocks) as well as the shops. We got an imperial club room, which was $20 more than the regular room, and it included breakfast and happy hour as well as internet and usage of the spa/ work-out room/ pool. This was a great value, and you're also put on the highest floor of the building. Our room was on the 23rd floor. The room size is smaller than hotels in other cities, but in comparison to other hotels in San Francisco, this room was fairly large. Turn down service was nice since they put jazz music on the stereo system (included in our club room). There's a TV in the bathroom mirror and the bathroom included a separate shower and tub. The workout area was very nice and I especially liked the steam room and shower head in the spa. I would highly recommend getting the club room at Hotel Nikko, especially if it's minimally more than a regular room. Other hotels we looked at included Hotel Abri and Hotel at Union Square.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great find - location comfy and easy	We got a great deal and couldn't have been happier. Modern room - comfy bed &amp; huge bathroom. A bit small, but worked great for 2. Great Italian restaurant around the corner for healthy breakfast. Starbuck's right out the front door. Lots of exploring on foot nearby. Found cheaper parking across the street in clean, safe ramp.	
Jun 23 2009 	Our first anniversary	My hubby and I spent our first wedding anniversary at Hotel Nikko to celebrate. We wanted a mini-escape/staycation, and definitely got that here.All of the staff that we encountered was extremely accommodating. When we asked if we could swap rooms in order to have a different view they didn't bat an eye at our request. We stepped out for lunch while they took care of everything, including moving our stuff to the new room.Definitely appreciated the special touches, too. After returning from dinner we were happily surprised to find a bottle of champagne in our room. I presume because we put something about the reason for our stay on our reservation info (definitely worth doing this if you're celebrating something special!).Our room was nice. Not as big as the website made them look, but definitely boasted beautiful skyline views of the union square area (east view), as well as the more residential parts of the city (west view). The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom had a great shower and tub. I personally liked the above counter sinks too - gave it a very sleek feel.The floor we stayed on also gave us access to the Imperial Club. It runs a little more rate-wise for these rooms, but you get a free happy hour from 5-7pm and free continental breakfast in the morning. I'd recommend paying the extra bit if you're a traveling family - probably can save some money by not going out to breakfast.General location of this place is great. Two blocks from the Powell St. BART station, and a block over from all the Union Square hustle and bustle.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Hotel - Excellent facilities service 	My family and I (2 children under 2) had the pleasure of spending two weeks at this hotel as I was working in San Francisco. We were upgraded from a Junior suite to an executive suite due to our extended stay. The rooms are well appointed and the bathrooms are large and well decorated. The pool and gym and both excellent. The location is first rate close to Union Square and Westfield shopping centre. The staff are excellent, knowledgable, friendly and helpful. Overall I would recommend this hotel to business travellers as well as families and holidaymakers.	
Jun 20 2009 	Wow! What service and what a nice hotel.	I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel. The service was spot on and very consistent. My check in was late but the desk agent was so warm and hospitable it made me feel right at ease. What a refreshing thing to find whilst traveling. It seems to be getting more and more rare these day. My check out was just as nice. I have to say, just a smile and a &quot;how was your stay&quot; goes a long way. As for my room, well i was in the presidential suite and I am sure my apartment in NY was a quarter of the size. I found additional rooms the next day and still think there may have been more if i kept looking. I would have moved in if I could. All this AND the room was spotless. Room service was prompt and the food was tasty. Valet could have been a little faster but the hotel was very busy and one can only have so many cars in the car port at a time, so I was not bothered. All in all, a great stay! The only prob I had was the gym was not free to the guest. Still it's a fine hotel with a gracious staff who know how to welcome their guests. Well done! In addition, upon my return home, I received a personalized e-mail from the GM thanking me for my business. Very nice touch.	
Jun 15 2009 	Finally Found my SF Hotel	I have searched for a hotel in SF that I could use regularly for several years - I like a nice hotel in a safe location that offers the potential for quiet as well. Hotel Nikko is quite lovely but not overdone, My room was beautifully furnished, clean and offered a fair view. The bed was terrific, as was the shower. When I was placed in a quiet room, I was thrilled to finally find a room where I can get some sleep in the city. Other hotels I have tried include Hotel Drisco (pretty basic but nice enough), Parc 55 (wouldn't return), and even the St. Regis (so noisy from the street). Hotel Nikko meets all my needs.	
Jun 12 2009 	Excellent Stay	Our room was not ready at check in so they gave us a free upgrade. The room was very nice, clean, the bedding was excellent, the views teriffic. The employees here seemed to really appreciate that you were here. We received great suggestions from the concierge for dining and sightseeing. For a modern designed hotel this place is excellent. My only complaint was the charge for over night parking. ($45 plus taxes, etc.) YES, I would stay here again and again.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great hotel in the heart of San Francisco	Hotel Nikko is a short walk from the Powell Street Bart Station. We flew in to Oakland Airport, grabbed a AirBart Shuttle to the Oakland Coliseum station and then took the blue line to the Powell Street Station. Even with all of our luggage, it was a quick and easy trip! Luckily, there are no steep hills between the Bart station and the hotel.While this hotel is a bit sterile and hospital like, I still liked it quite a bit. The marble lobby and waterfall are very nice. The room itself has nothing on the walls other than a black rimmed mirror. A picture wouldn't have hurt but put in a hospital bed and some EKG machines and it could easily be a hospital! The bathroom, however, was very nice with a nice textured wallpaper and attractive, modern sink and faucets. I got the Nikko for 2 nights at $80 a night on Priceline. Be WARNED if you use priceline...they will put you in a petite queen room unless you want to pay $30 extra. I didn't pay extra and the petite queen was fine but you should not take it if there are more than 2 people or you don't like close quarters. The room was small but efficient with a comfortable bed, desk, large flat screen tv, and closet. Check in was fast and efficient.If you are up for it, I walked from the hotel to the Wharf area but it is a rather long trek (about 20-25 mins) but it's a great way to see the city. Watch out for steep hills and homeless people! Other than that, the hotel is close to all sorts of great shopping in San Francisco with Market St. mere minutes away. Couldn't ask for a better location. If you want to use the gym or pool prepare to pay extra. I didn't and got plenty of exercise walking around. Internet is $10.85 for 24 hours. I got a free signal the first day but it was gone the next. There are some close corner grocery stores (Bush Market is one) close by if you need drinks or snacks. Great stay in a great city...very pleased with the Hotel Nikko! Just make sure you are prepared for a small room fit (barely) for two if you get this place on priceline.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great boutique hotel in the heart of Union Square	This is our second stay at the Hotel Nikko in San Francisco in the last 2 years. I was not disappointed on my return. The hotel continues to be elegant and the rooms are well maintained. Located one block from Union Square, the hotel is well situated to shop at Union Square and pick up the trolley to Fisherman's Warf. Since it is less than 2 blocks from Westerfield mall and the major bus routes, you can access the bus #71 to take you to Golden Gate Park for the day. I would skip the breakfast at the Nikko unless you would like to try some Japanese-style breakfast for fun. There is a Starbucks connected to the hotel. I did not try the the hotel restaurant (Azu) but apparantly it advertises fresh sushi flown from Japan daily. I am planning to try it the next time.The Nikko has still one of the most comfortable bed, if that is something important to consider. I liked the spacious lobby away from the noise and bustling of the streets. There is valet and overnight parking for 45$/night and one can rent a car on site.	
Jun 8 2009 	Wonderful location and great staff	The place is very nice and perfectly situated. Upon checking in, the front desk was quick and efficient, advising us we had been upgraded (even though we had pricelined the room) which was a great surprise. The front desk was also extremely helpful with us getting around, even printing step by step directions for us.The room was extremely comfortable and the amenities first class. Starbucks on the premises was convenient, even tho the room had great coffee. We loved the place and want to go back. One tip: the lobby bar makes a wicked Mai Tai!!!!	
Jun 3 2009 	Nice hotel despite ultra utilitarian room	I had no complaints about the Hotel Nikko -- beautiful lobby, good location, very polite staff -- but I did have perhaps the most utilitarian room I've ever stayed in. Very small; white, somewhat scuffed walls with no artwork (unless you count the plain metal framed mirror); bed and desk with straight chair but no 2nd, comfortable chair like hotel rooms often have. I was at the hotel for business and spending little time in the room. If I had been on vacation, I may have been a bit more bummed by the total sterility of the room. It was very clean, though. Great location with just a few blocks walk to Union Square, and my room service Asian fusion shrimp meal was excellent. And, again, good service all around.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent!	My stay at NiKKo San Francisco was superb. From the building and location, to the staff, I found no flaws.	
May 5 2009 	So clinical it could almost be a hospital	When we decided to take a family vacation in San Francisco we searched unusually long for a good deal, namely a decent room in a good hotel at an acceptable price. This is apparently a challenge in this city but eventually we found what looked like a great location and a good hotel. Many of the hotels that we had looked at had poor reviews and the Nikko had a fairly high score. If you are looking for a clean hotel with a strong minimalist theme then the Nikko may be for you but we would caution that minimalist appears to have been taken to an extreme. Minimalist should not mean soulless. The lobby is dead, bland and empty. The hotel bar closed. The staff professional yet not very friendly. When we have stayed in other hotels, such as the Hyatt or Hilton the staff eventually recognise you if you are staying over a few days. That may not appeal to some but it adds a human touch, the Nikko staff were almost robotical. In the Nikko by day 7 of attending breakfast they almost recognised us. Hard to notice a family of four! Whilst it may be hard to fault the Nikko's rooms which are comfortable I guess the best way to describe our experience is an ok hotel, in a great location with no soul. A true test is always to ask would you go back and in our case the clear answer would be no. There must be better hotels that offer a good room but with a touch of life and a staff that occasionally show a human touch.	
Apr 28 2009 	No complaints	I made my reservation over the internet, and got a 30% discount. So I upgraded to a Nikko room, on the 20th floor. No street noise at night. Large flat panel TV, and a choice of relaxing music CDs for the sound system. Large bathroom, very comfortable bed. Quick room service, excellent food. Very attentive staff at breakfast buffet. What's not to like?	
Apr 13 2009 	Overly Promise Under Deliver!!!!!	We 1st stayed in February for Valentines Day and had the worst room/service ever. From the valet to the front desk. SO in return they said come back and your next stay is free on us. We decided to go back the next month for my 30th birthday and the not only were we charged me for my stay they also doubles charged my CC twice for room service. It has taken over a month now to get a phone call back to settle these disputes.I'm just going to take it to the better business bureu. AWFUL PLACE! WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!!!	
Mar 31 2009 	Faultless	Fantastic hotel, very good location and minutes away from Union Square. If I return to San Francisco, I would stay here again and again.Rooms are spacious, fresh and very clean and the bathrooms are massive.If you are on a budget, don't eat here though - Breakfasts are a tad pricey, but I must admit very, very freshThe staff are faultless and well bend over backwards to help even if they have to go out of the way to complete it.I would go as far as to say our stay was faultless.	
Mar 13 2009 	Good location	I've stayed here twice on business, once for a week in March 2007, and once for a week in February 2008. My first stay was much better than my second, so I'm not sure that I'd recommend the hotel, or choose it for myself.Pros:-The location is excellent, walking distance to shopping, restaurants, and the convention centre. The rooms are nice, and fairly clean.-I came down with the flu that was going around, and front desk found out I was sick and sent me complimentary soup and tea. I was really impressed by this.Cons:-Room service food is okay. The breakfast is terrible and I would avoid. The dinner from the onsite restaurant (Anzu) was okay, a little over-rated to be honest. Had much better meals at restaurants in San Fran. Wouldn't eat at the hotel if I could avoid it.-The $10 a day fee to use the fitness centre is ridiculous. And the gym isn't that great considering you have to pay for it. The $1.50 newspaper charge is also annoying.-My biggest complaint though comes from my second stay. The room I had on my first stay was extremely quiet. On my second stay, I was on one of the lower floors (somewhere between 5-10) and it was HORRIBLE. There was a bus stop/loading dock outside my window, and I heard loud beeping every couple of minutes for 10-15 seconds all day and all night (2-6am was the only time it would stop). If you're not planning to spend time in your hotel, or don't need to get much sleep, then you'll be fine, but for my next business trip I will refuse to stay on that side of the building, on a lower floor.Hope this helps!	
Mar 12 2009 	Great Hotel but internet connection ridiculous	I just spent 2 days at the Hotel Nikko. It is a beautiful hotel, convenient location, however as a business traveler I depend on being able to plug in and have reliable interenet connection. The hotel Nikko charges $15.00 a day to access their wireless system which simply does not work. When I called to complain they offered a &quot;bridge&quot; option that they claimed would fix my problem, it did not. When I checked out I complained again hoping at the very least they would remove the $30.00 charge, which they would not. So in short, it is a wonderful hotel if you don't need to work, but as a business traveler, be aware you will spend more time offline or trying to get online than you will actually working.	
Mar 8 2009 	Everything you could want	I'm usually weary when I read a reviewer who gives away so many 5*'s in their review but this should be believed. Stayed in an executive suite which was amazing. TV in the bathroom and main room, great views, separate shower and bath. Staff were very friendly and helped out a lot at ordering local takeaways. Breakfast was nice but never ate dinner in the hotel as it is a sushi restuaraunt. Would def recommend.	
Feb 27 2009 	Amazing hotel great staff great beds 	I stayed here with my boyfriend who had a business &quot;meetup&quot; in SF at this hotel. We stayed a week. The staff were helpful, friendly, and prompt. We had a king room on the 19th floor, with a view towards Union Square. The view left something to be desired, but it did look over the city quite well and you could see the bay as well. The bed was very comfortable, we both slept great the whole week. The bathroom was quite awesome as well, with a large glass shower, full size bathtub, and a very large vanity. We loved the room.The only complaint I have is the hotels restaurant, ANZU. Overpriced for what you get. I've been in other 4 star restaurants and this didn't compare. Your better off going to the Starbucks attached at the other end of the hotel for breakfast, or one of the many excellent restaurants within 2 blocks. Be sure to check out The Old Saim.Also, we didn't really get why they put a mega expensive mini-bar in the room, but you can get a mini fridge brought up for free.The crazy 9 story mall is just a few blocks away, same with the trolley turn around.	
Feb 23 2009 	beautiful hotel but nickel and dime you	We stayed here as my husband was attending a convention. The room was lovely and a nice big bathroom too. However, I was disappoionted that it was extra to use the pool and exercise room. It was extra to use the business center. Also 800 numbers cost $1.50 too.	
Feb 23 2009 	Liked the tranquility and central location	We stayed at the Nikko for four nights last week in a 19th floor, corner room with King size bed and city view. A nice touch is the small stream that filters through one part of the downstairs lobby adding to the peacefulness of the hotel. The room was modern, decent size tho somewhat smaller than the Hyatt where we had stayed several years earlier, and furnished with a comfortable chair and hassock, desk and chair, 42 inchc hd tv, and good ac/heating. The bathroom was quite large and very modern with one of the best, hottest showers I have encountered anywhere. The room wa extremely quiet, with the only noticeable sounds being an ambulance or police siren in the distance-typical of any big city hotel. Hotel elevators are fast, efficient, and quiet. Concierge service was excellent with some exceptional recommendations for small reasonable priced sushi and italian restaurants nearby as well as innorth beach and off the main tourist path. We did not eat in the hotel but judging by the catering provided by the hotel during my seminar, which included sushi, I would not hesitant to eat in Anzu and the razz room has some well known jazz entertainers. There is a small pool with hot tub and a fitness center which have a one-time charge for use. During our stay, half price reduced tickets rom the U Sq ticket booth were available for one of the performances. All in all I very nice hotel if it is wsithin your price points. Try Sakanna restaurant on Post for very inexpensive and delicious sushi; sotto mare and Ideale in N Beach for excellent very reasonably priced Italian; and Stella's bakery for coffee and a cannoli made up at the the time of request. And if you have time, view the Maxwell Parrish painting in the bar of the Palace Hotel and its turn of the 19th century adjacent dining room as well as the diego rivera mural at the San Francisco Art Institute on Chestnut St, both free.	
Feb 22 2009 	Quiet Elegance	Although the Nikko is located within a very short walk of Union Square, it seems far removed from the tourist madness. The decor is Japanese minimalist, with white floors and walls and thoughtful touches of wood and plants for warmth. The front desk staff is thoughtful and efficient. My room was of reasonable size for San Francisco. The bathroom was excellent with a separate shower and bath. I felt the hotel was an excellent price value and would definitely stay there again. I was disappointed that internet was not included but it appears today that only budget hotels offer free internet - I guess they figure business travelers will pay.	
Feb 19 2009 	What a great place to be!!!	Due to an unfortunate experience at another hotel. I checked into Hotel Nikko for five nights. What a great experience. My hotel room is spacious. Wonderful bathroom and comfortable bed. I will stay here again!	
Jan 29 2009 	will stay again	i stayed two nights in one of the smaller rooms as i was by myself at the time in early january whilst on vacation. reception was simple and checkout even simpler; the location is prime for wandering around the business district. the BART (metro) is a block away for getting around various parts of the city. the hotel itself was very quiet despite the number of people on business who were gathered around the lobby. i felt slightly out of place considering the business attire of most of the people there but my timing was outside of the traditional vacation season for most people in their 20s. i would highly recommend for people who care little about cost and worry more about location. the staff is courteous and knowledgeable about the city if you ask anyone at the desk for tips or ideas.	
Jan 28 2009 	Family of six at the Nikko	We stayed at the Nikko for four nights following Christmas and had a wonderful time. We drove up from LA with our four kids and had booked a King Suite. The room was on a high floor and was beautiful, with an amazing view. Our only concern on moving in was that the couch was not a sleeper, which seemed strange for a suite. But the front desk was very accomodating and sent up two rollaways. We turned the big living room of the suite into our own youth hostel for the kids, setting up the rollaways, making the couch into a bed, and adding in an Aero inflatable bed we'd brought (always handy). The housekeeping staff was incredibly nice and made up all the beds, even the jerry-rigged ones, every day -- we really appreciated it.The Nikko's location is perfect -- two minutes from Union Square, and very safe-feeling. It's true that on the drive in we passed through some sketchy Tenderloin blocks, but the immediate vicinity is great and if you just don't walk toward the Tenderloin (and there's no need to), you'll be absolutely fine.Parking, as noted, is crazy -- $50 per night. There's a nice public lot immediately diagonal to the hotel on O'Farrell, which I highly recommend. If you enter after 5pm and leave before 9:30 am, it's only $15. We did that for two nights and it worked nicely.	
Jan 24 2009	A Taste Of Japan At An All Too Familiar High Price	Expensive and nothing is included. Even to store your own soda in the fridge in your room costs extra. Buffet for breakfast is 20 dollars and had just a few pieces of bread, and a japanese section of natto (fermented beans) with instant miso soup. I can get both western pastries and natto at a dollar store, so spending this kind of money ticks me off. This was also the only resturant, and it was pretty ugly like the rest of the hotel. I did not like how some walls were cement and just had curtains covering them instead of wallpaper. On another note, the staff was so nice and polite it felt as if the staff had memorized the english version of the orginal japanese scripts to deal with its customers. Very good, though a little robotic.And watch out where you walk outside the hotel!	
Jan 18 2009 	Great conference hotel in downtown San Fran	We ran a conference out of this hotel and it went well. Great bedroom with beautiful trendy new bathroom.Great location, but pricy restaurant inside the hotel.From a conference planning point of view, great ballroom layout to ensure you have your own space. Great food coming from the banquet department. There are many fine hotels in the area, and this one is great for being in such a central location. If you're not worried about collecting points like other hotel chains, then this is a suitable choice.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great location hotel short of luxe	I stayed at the Hotel Nikko while running a search committee in December, right after Xmas, of 2008. As others note, it's a great location, only a block or two from Union Square and other neat attractions such as Yerba Buena Arts Center and SFMoMA. I was booked into a junior suite on the 20th floor so my experience was not really representative. The suite was very nice--two large flat screen LCD TVs, a large sitting area with a couch and chairs and a spectacular view of the city, a big King bed, and a very nice bathroom with vitrine sink, granite vanity, and separate glass enclosed shower and tub. It also had a sound system which I did not try, and a rather silly minibar system which I did (the minibar is automated and automatically charges you, even if you just move things around to make room for a bottle of wine you bought down the street). The furniture and furnishings were generally very nice but nothing to write home about. A very solid 3.5 to 4 star hotel experience all in all. Service was very good, including the concierge who helped with printing a boarding pass. There is a Starbucks on the street level floor, which is nice. A big attraction is Anzu, the hotel's restaurant, on the second floor, which does Asian inflected eclectic fare. My dinner mate one night, who is a foodie, had just eaten at the very famous Slanted Door in the Ferry Building and declared this meal even better (which is saying something, if you haven't been to the Slanted Door). Also nearby is Kuleto's which is some of the best Italian food you will ever eat. Did not use any of the fitness facilities; it you are a runner, a great run is down Market to the Embarcadero, out to Fisherman's Wharf, and back--about 5 miles, maybe a tad less. In short, I'd stay at the Nikko again in a heartbeat, but I wouldn't expect to be inspired or blown away by the experience. The view from the upper floors is great, but that would be true of many hotels in SF. A low risk, nice choice for downtown SF.	
Jan 8 2009 	Good	We stayed at the Nikko for the 2nd leg of our honeymoon from 20 – 23 September (yes, when the Oracle conference was on). We paid $249/night plus tax. On check-in the receptionist was efficient but not very friendly. We told him we were on our honeymoon and he apparently upgraded us (I don’t think he did) to a room on the 10th floor. The room smelt and it wasn’t clean, even the bathroom hadn’t been cleaned to a basic standard. Really we should have complained but we knew the hotel was full and as we were only there for 3 nights we decided just to put up with it. The bed was really comfy and quite soft. Housekeeping was OK, the mini bar was never re-filled during our stay, even though they came to check what we had used on the 1st day. We had drinks in the bar which was nice and the bar staff were very friendly. We never ate in the hotel so can’t comment on the restaurant. The concierge staff were great, giving us advice on where to eat and places to go. The hotel was very well located right next to Union Square and we walked through China Town, Little Italy, South Beach and on to Fisherman’s Wharf a couple of times which took about 40 minutes. From reading other reviews it seems we were unlucky with our experience and think it was mainly down to the hotel being full, but even so having a clean room is basic stuff.	
Jan 3 2009	Claustrophobic but good location	We came to Hotel Nikko after staying at the W Hotel in San Fran (which was a business stay) so the budget was cut a little. HAving come from such a beautiful hotel we had high expectations, so were probably bound to be disappointed.Hotel Nikko is in a great location, 5 mins from Union Sq. The staff were extremely helpful on check in but unfortunately when we arrived at our room is stunk of smoke and you can't open the windows as some of the rooms are so high. It was pretty disgusting but the staff were v helpful and gave us a new fresh-smelling room within 10 mins.The rooms are pretty small, but then that is what you pay for and I felt quite claustrophobic in ours, I think the ceiling was also quite low, but the bathroom is a good size and rooms have kettle facilities to make tea and coffee. A nice touch is also the ice machine on each floor! There is a small sun deck and a decent gym too.If you're on a budget I'd recommend this hotel as the loction is very good, but rooms are pretty basic and on the small side.	
Jan 3 2009 	Solid 4 star hotel in Union Square	The hotel is very centrally located with shopping, a plethora of restaurants, coffee shops and entertainments immediately outside the hotel. And the hotel itself is a solid 4 star hotel with all the related amenities. There is a health club and pool that is open 24 hours a day which guests can use for a one time charge of $10. There is only valet parking at $47 day. I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and would recommend it to others. One note on the area like others have stated is that Union Square where the hotel is located is possibly the densest concentration of street people/beggars I have ever seen. Walking anywhere entails running the gauntlet of homeless beggars. But I have found them all very docile who you can just ignore without any trouble. It is all part of the local color of San Francisco. And if you like the blues and good music in a comfortable venue, go to Biscuits and Blues Club just down the street. I paid a $12 cover charge and listened to great music all night.	
Dec 24 2008 	One of the best SF hotels in my opinion	I stayed at the Hotel Nikko for six nights for a convention, and was impressed by the hotel's location, amenities, cleanliness and polite staff. I was travelling alone, so took a small room, and the walls are thinnish - but the rooms are well fitted out. Check-in was a problem, as about 50 other conventioneers turned up at the same time. However, check-out was easy. I would recommend this hotel, compared to others in the area, for the combination of price, amenity and location.	
Dec 12 2008 	Not bad - but not amazing	The best thing about the hotel is probably the location - if you're in town as a tourist. Its about two blocks from Union Square and within 5mins of major shopping (Neiman, Nordstrom, Saks, Barneys, etc). The downside of that is the same,, its very touristy. As I was in town for business it wasnt the ideal location as its not very close to the Financial District.The worst thing about the hotel is the gym/pool area. The pool is 2 to 4ft deep, old and looks like it was built in the 70s and not upgraded since. Its also quite small. The locker rooms/sauna is pretty hideous as well. The standard room is very small.. essentially like a hot dog - long and narrow. When I asked for a bigger room I was told that I could be upgraded for an additional $80 a night - ridiculous for a 3,5 star hotel. It was only after I called the manager that they were finally able to &quot;find something&quot;. The second room (deluxe king) was a decent size, much better bathroom (the first bathroom was so small you could hardly turn around)The view from the room is highly dependent on which room you stay in. The first room was directly facing another hotels windows. The second room was much better.The staff is reasonably friendly and helpful. The Gilchrist and Soames bathroom ammenities is a very nice touch (same ones that the Mandarin Oriental uses) If the price is right and you're looking to be in the center of tourist San Francisco, stay here. If youre in town for business I'd head to the Embarcadero.Financial District properties.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great location and bargain	Beautiful corner room at a bargain basement discount price over Thanksgiving weekend. Very helpful staff; concierge's know their SF restaurants. A+.	
Nov 24 2008 	Loved it at the Nikko!	I love it here. Stayed here for the second time. The service is VERY prompt and professional. We were allowed to check in early at 12 which was sweet! We got a room facing the hilton, asked for a better view and bam! Like that got one facing towards union square and downtown, such a beautiful view.The rooms are immaculate, no its not the ritz, but damn we paid very little through expedia, only God knows how it was such a deal. Nice king size bed, 42 inch plasma on the wall, everything was in order. No cracks in the wall etc. They redid the sinks and some parts of the bathroom I noticed from the last time. Has a modern update to it now.Maid service is quick and efficient. Asked for the room to be cleaned came back after lunch in an hour and it was done. Damn good service. Concierge service did a great job helping us map our trip to the science academy. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.They also have an indoor pool. how cool is that? It's freezing at night in SF during the winter, how great is it to stay in the jacuzzi with an glass ceiling?	
Nov 13 2008 	Fantastic View of the City	We enjoyed our few days at the Nikko. We stayed in one of the Imperial rooms on the 22nd floor. Our first room had very stained carpets, but immediately they allowed us to change rooms. The staff was excellent, the rooms comfortable and the view was fantastic.The hotel was just a short walk to everything (Bart, F train, cable cars, China town and Union Square). The hotel is very accommodating; they'll recommend restaurants, shows and will make reservations, they will also give you Bart schedules and directions.Staying in one of the Imperial rooms gave us access to the continental breakfast, a wine &amp; beer gathering in the evening and tickets for free breakfast in the restaurant. Be sure to check out the pool area when you arrive, there's a nice garden balcony overlooking the streets.Beware of the taxis, it's about $3 just to get in. One night we took in a comedy show at the Punchline ($40), cab ride there ($10), 10 min. walk back to the hotel (priceless).Location, location, location!Be sure to visit Fisherman's Wharf and stroll the street. Great shops, restaurants and street vendors. Beautiful views of the Golden Gate bridge and Alcatraz. The double decker bus is a great way to get to know the city.We took a cab from the airport to the hotel for about $50. We went from the hotel to the airport by Bart, highly recommended, and about $10 for the both of us. We hope you enjoy your trip as we did!	
Nov 2 2008 	the WONDERFUL Nikko!	We just went for our 3rd anniversary, yet we are in our 50's.Found a great price on Nikko's website, and did see it a bit lower 1 time in the future and the hotel was glad to help us w/ the reduction.Location was fantastic for us! We were in the heart of restaurants, transportation - trolley busses etc. shopping - oh my gosh! and we live in Chicago. The hotel ran so professionally and smoothly. A great gal named POM, checked us in early and gave us a corner room due to our 6 night stay &amp; celebration. Wonderful views of the water, mountains and city! Hotel was all about service with a clean rich contemporary marble decor.We walked to most everything. Had a number of great local dinners thru Restaurant.com (including a fine gourmet meal at ANZU) the hotels restaurant.We found simple breakfast places, and sometimes just enjoyed an apple from the workout center, where most of our days began. Not huge but it had a workable amount of equipment. Lovely pool and hot tub!We got a City Pass, avail thru a website and for $59 ea., had free transportation for 6 days, and admittance in to many exhibits and museums. We bought them from Alcatraz and that made our entry into Alcatraz FREE TOO!Even my new friend Alice the cleaning service gal that cleaned our room, was the best! She advised us on the &quot;real&quot; places to go in Chinatown! Our room was spotless after her visit and she always left our extra fluffy towels! To get to and from the airport we took city vans that make hotel runs. They charge btwn $11 &amp; 17 per person, and things went smooth. To leave, the Nikko concierge ( I believe Anne?) did a great job of pulling our paper tickets and arranging for our pick-up van back to the airport. The rough area a few blocks away........no problem, they will tell you where not to go. People asking for $ are everywhere so take a sense of humor, as well as good walking shoes and some warmer clothes to layer. All diff temps while we were there,But the NIKKO and its staff and location and the price we paid - were all winners for us!!! We highly recommend it all!	
Oct 29 2008 	Simply amazing!	San Francisco was the last stop on our trip to the USA and I am so glad that we decided to stay at the Nikko. Everything about this place is amazing, from their staff to the locaton to the rooms, this was by far the best hotel we stayed in during our trip.I had lost my credit card during the previous leg of our trip and the only means we had to pay for the room was cash (my travelling companion only had a debit card). Unsure of how to proceed, I called the Nikko before we left LAX and was assured that they would be able to work something out.Upon arriving at the hotel we were pleasantly greeted by the doorman and we proceeded to reception. There, we were met by Misumi who was absolutely wonderful. Within a few short minutes we worked out the payment and were given the access card to our room on the 19th floor.The whole hotel looked brand new, everything was clean and sparkling. I was surprised to learn that it had been there for many, many years. The elevators were fast and quiet. When we got to our room we were met with an amazing view of the city from our window. The bathroom was huge and the towels were luxurious. The bed was enormous and very comfortable with no shortage of pillows (I think I counted around 8 pillows in total).The room had a huge plasma screen TV with pleanty of channels (although we didn't make much use of it as we were there to see the city and catch up with friends).Internet access does come at a fee ($13 per 24 hrs) but it is fast and reliable. The room was clean, contemporary and comfortable.The Nikko is centrally located, just minutes from Union Square, Market street and public transport (Muni, BART and cable cars are just around the corner). We even walked to Chinatown for lunch a couple of times. There is a Starbucks downstairs and a restaurnat (Anzu).First time visitors to San Francisco should be aware of the locals that roam around the city. There are a lot of homeless people and pan handlers around the streets, but we learned from our friends who live in SF that this is common, particularly around tourist areas like Union Square, and these people (for the most part) are harmless. Any hotel around Union Square, whether it be 5 star or otherwise, would be subject to the same thing. It's just how San Francisco is and we were not really bothered by it at all.I must say that the service we received at this hotel was exceptional - far superior than any we have experienced at any hotel, anywhere. If you are planning to come to San Fran and want to stay in an amazing hotel in a central location, I have no trouble recommending the Nikko. I will most definitely stay here again.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Nikko for 2 nights with friends after a cruise. The check in was friendly and painless and although it was only 11.00am they gave us rooms immediately. The rooms were clean and comfortable and the bathrooms were spotless. We also had a large flatscreen TV.Starbucks on site was handy and we used it several times. The concierge was also very helpful. He sorted out our flight check-in and rang The Cheescake Factory to sort us a table in 15 minutes instead of the 45 minutes we had been told we would have to wait.There are plenty of bars and eating places close by and of course the Cheesecake Factory is in Macy's, about 5 minutes walk away. Also close to the trams and F Line, which is an alternative way to get to the waterfront.Check out was also painless as this could be done over the telephone after we had agreed our bill.This is an excellent 4 star hotel and there is no doubt that if we go back to San Francisco we would try to stay there again.	
Oct 21 2008 	had reservation unilaterally cancelled	I booked at 2 night stay through otel.com; it was at a low price (roughly $148/night) so i expected to be in one of the small rooms at the Nikko commented on in prior reviews. I received an email from otel.com yesterday (Monday) stating that due to &quot;extreme and unusual circumstances they [Hotel Nikko] are no longer able to honour this booking&quot;. I was offered a choice of going to a rather poorly reviewed hotel in the area and receiving a 10% credit or getting a refund of the amount I paid (I had to pay in advance for the pleasure of this treatment). This all occurred on a Monday prior to my upcoming visit (arriving Friday). I emailed otel.com back, asking for an explanation but received no answer until today (Tuesday). otel.com is based in Turkey.... and responds to emails on local time.I informed otel.com that this cancellation is unacceptable and that I assume the cancellation occurred because they found some other folks to pay more for the room. It does call into question the meaning of a reservation if it can be terminated unilaterally (maybe it should be called a &quot;potential reservation&quot;). I have not received a coherent answer.I also told otel.com that i would never use their service again and that I would tell my friends not to as well. So, friends--- be forewarned--- the price may seem right but there is no accountability here; I would avoid otel.com and I'm not sure that the Nikko doesn't bear some responsibility as well.(I'm lucky I was able to find a place in a decent hotel for not a huge amount more--- $209/night--- so not the end of the world but highly annoying and surely not worth the effort.)	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Location Quality Feel	Stayed 3 nights at the Nikko and would recommend for a relaxing San Francisco stay. I booked through Asda travel (yes Asda)after a search by Travel supermarket and got a good rate.Somewhat bizarrely not the easiest place to find for our taxi driver as the vehicle access is not from Mason street. Location is excellent for Union Square, restaurants and cable cars. Reception were very professional and room was clean, freshly decorated and of a reasonable size. We didn't use any of the hotel restaurants or bars but they looked reasonably priced and very smart.The hotel has a business feel to it but is relaxed and has a nice calmness to it's feel.Would recommend Lori's Diners (50's diner) for breakfast or Starbucks (on site) for coffee.Overall a great well located hotel in a fabulous City	
Oct 14 2008 	Good location but rip-off breakfast	We stayed here for 6 nights at the beginning of a Californian holiday. We were quite pleased with the location - only a couple of blocks from both the trolleys and the cable cars - and the room, on the 19th floor, nice and big and even a glimpse of water off to one side. Check-in was good - very efficient and welcoming, a young Turkish man whose name I forget - and the concierges were unfailingly helpful.Do be aware that the location is not far from the Tenderloin, so do watch which direction you walk. Once we had worked our which way to avoid, we felt perfectly OK.Our biggest gripe came on the last day. Up till then we had eaten out all the time - there are plenty good diners around for breakfast; our favourite was Cafe Mason on the next block. Being a bit short of time on the last morning, we ate in the hotel and what a rip-off. We both went for the 'continental breakfast'; the waitress grudgingly allowed us to look at the buffet (only sweet pastries on view) and when we ordered toast it was a good 10 minutes before the message came back that there was no brown bread, as requested, and the choice was white or sourdough. When it came, it was barely warm and the butter was rock hard. In the meantime, we had gone back to the buffet and each taken a small bowl of fruit (4 pieces of melon, in my case). My husband had to ask for a refill of his coffee (very unusual in the US) and I was not offered hot water for my small teapot. The bill for this wonderful repast with terrible service? $21 each ($17 each for the toast and beverage!) plus tax. Be warned!!	
Oct 11 2008 	Nice clean hotel surrounded by great attractions	I stayed at the Hotel Nikko for a business conference and was very pleased. When I first read about the Tenderloin district, I was a little worried about walking around after hours by myself. But I found a willing friend at the conference, and we hit the streets together. We made so many discoveries in just a few blocks from the hotel: an entire block of art galleries, great restaurants (try Bisquits and Blues for dinner and Cafe Mason for breakfast and/or lunch), and a live band playing in an outdoor ampitheatre. Also very close to Union Square.The hotel was very clean and the room was very comfortable. The entire property has a sort of Japanese flair. My room had a large flat screen TV, but I spent most of my in-room time listening to jazz on the high quality stereo system. I had to pay for the internet service, but it made it so relaxing and enjoyable to listen to the jazz in the background while I worked on my reports. I guess you could say the hotel was a little pricy, but the price was pretty typical for inner-city San Francisco. Oh! And it's walking distance to the trolly which means you basically have access to the entire city via the transit system which is safe and affordable. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great stay at Hotel Nikko	We spent two nights at the hotel Nikko, and had a good stay. The room was nice, sleek and clean. We found a great deal on hotels.com, so the price was very reasonable. The location was great - right on the edge of Union Square, so we could walk to lots of stores, restaurants, attractions, etc. In addition, the concierge (two different ones) were very helpful. One complaint would be there was only one restaurant in the hotel (Japanese) and other than that there wasn't much choice in terms of food.	
Oct 10 2008 	Brief stop in SF dead posh!!!	Hotel Nikko was a very posh place centrally located in SF. The price we booked it for through our agent seemed very good and we were surprised that it was posh as it was when we got there. Lovely foyer and welcoming staff.The room was very nice although we didn't have much time there.Restaurant and other services were pretty pricy but the surrounddings suggested that before we even looked at the price list.Nice Irish pub across the road. Felt strange to be an Englishman, drinking &quot;Somerset&quot; Cider in an Irish pub in San Francisco.We did the Alcatraz tour, an absolute must and wondered round the city visiting the usual sights. Took in a Baseball game although the Giants sucked!!!We intend to go back to SF to see more but if you are staying there for a while, you best have fairly deep pockets.	
Oct 7 2008 	No complaints	Last night of our US holiday, a treat and we enjoyed our stay...The room was good for an inner city hotel, the hotel receptionist and concierge were extremely helpful and informative. The food at the restaurant was simply superb (and reasonably priced).Location wise pretty good for Union Square. Wish our stay was longer.	
Oct 5 2008 	Comfortable good service and adequate without being particularly special	I stayed at the Nikko for a week whilst in SF with work.First of all on check-in the staff were really helpful, as I had 2 colleagues who were going to be delayed but needed their rooms secured. This was sorted with no problems and I got checked-in very quickly.In my room I was dissapointed there was no mini-bar as had been advertised, but the room was pleasant enough, although dominated by the large bed, which itself was dominated by the huge amount of cushions. In fact, if there was an emergency you could strap them all to your body and jump out the window and have a pretty comfortable landing. I stuck most of them in a corner but the maid insisted on putting them back on the bed each day.As work paid I am less price sensitive and did order room service, where the menu prices weren't bad but the service charges make it very expensive. The food was good though and well presented.Internet was I believe $13 extra each day, which is not bad by some hotel standards but some may find too pricey.The room was clean and the en-suite perfectly acceptable.On several nights I hit the hotel bar for a glass of wine or two - the bar in the restaurant has the much better wine and on one afternoon when I popped in for a coke as I was thirsty they gave it to me free - and I also got a few glasses of wine free over my stay.All the staff I encountered were really helpful.It is reasonably well-located - with Union Square and much else walking distance (for an englishman - Americans will probably want to take a cab), although you should be careful as not far from the hotel (in the opposite direction from heading towards the square) there are some dodgy looking neighbourhoods with lots of liquor stores, etc.I'd stay here again, but would probably be tempted to try one a little higher up the rankings on this site. The ratings that give it 1 star though are way off the mark. I try to be fair with all my ratings, although my failing is that as it's often with work I don't pay enough attention to the costs.That said I did have breakfast in the diners around the hotel - the one which was more modern and not on a corner was the best - and saved about $15 each day by doing so.	
Oct 3 2008 	Not worth the money	I expected more for $250 per night. There wasn't free internet access, the food choices available on-site were very limited, and the rooms are about the size of a closet. The walls in my room were marked and marred, the bathroom tub not quite clean.Overall, there are a lot better values out there for the money.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great location	I really enjoyed my stay at the Hotel Nikko. The location was great for avid shoppers and people looking to walk for great restaurants. The King room was spacious with a fluffy down comforter and pillows and large flat screen tv. Wireless interest was pricey, but fast and I loved the on property Starbucks!	
Sep 26 2008 	A Real Gem!	After reading negative reviews on another web site, we almost canceled our reservation. I am SO glad we didn't. This was such a great find at a reasonable rate in the heart of the city. Our room was more than comfortable and the bathroom was to die for! Just be forewarned (as we were) do NOT open the fridge...you move it - you bought it! Best shower I have ever had in a hotel room! It is a two block walk to the cable car turnaround and there are so many terrific shops and restaurants in walking distance. The staff was bery friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay here on our next trip to San Francisco.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good location but small rooms	Good location right next to all the shops in the centre of San Farn. The rooms were good but a on the small side. I would stay again but i might search to see if there are more reasonably priced hotels with the same facilities.Main bonus was the swimming pool...lovely break from a hot city!	
Sep 4 2008 	Highly Recommend	Had a great time staying here, the staff were super friendly from the minute we arrived. Very clean hotel and rooms located extremely close to Union Square and even had a starbuck attached to the building. Also close to car hire firms and main shopping area. Concierge also had greeat locval knowledge or resturants and shops.I would recommend,	
Sep 2 2008 	Nikko - Very Nice for the Price	My husband and I decided at the last minute to get out of town for a night over Labor Day weekend with our six-year old son to San Francisco. After reading several reviews, I settled on the Nikko because they still had availability, a good price, and a terrific location in the heart of Union Square. Upon arriving at the hotel, the valet took our car and the front desk checked us in without delay. The lobby is outfitted in modern Japanese architecture; sleek and chic with lots of marble and water sculptures. We had booked an &quot;Imperial Club&quot; room for $268 which included a room on the 24th floor, free access to the Club Lounge and health club/pool area, and breakfast buffet at Anzu restaurant. The room itself was very nice with two super comfy queen beds (great mattress, nice soft Egyptian cotton sheets, and tons of pillows), a 42&quot; plasma TV, wet bar, coffee maker, robes, slippers, safe, and a dramatic view of the city skyline including a peek of the Golden Gate Bridge and the bay. The bathroom was newly renovated with a contemporary white vessel sink and a television in the mirror behind it. Bathtub with separate shower and lots of towels and soaps, etc (Gilchrist &amp; Soames). Overall, a very cozy and comfortable room with many modern upgrades and a terrific view. During our one night stay we used the indoor pool and workout facilities, which were both very nice and the pool in particular was appreciated by our son. The Imperial Club Lounge was a nice place to relax and enjoy a glass of wine and some cheese and crackers during the evening. The breakfast coupons at Anzu were a nice perk, the restaurant serves a decent buffet including breads, cereals, bagels, eggs, bacon, sausage, french toast, potatoes, etc. Plenty to choose from and very filling. The location of the hotel was perfect for our quick getaway. We were able to walk a few short blocks to the Westfield Mall - a huge circular mall with the largest Bloomingdales, Nordstrom, White House Black Market, Victoria's Secret, Gap (across the street), etc., I've ever seen. Macy's was also a block or two away, as were several restaurants and convenience stores. Once the valet took the car, we never had to drive anywhere again until we checked out. Overall a very pleasant stay at a nice hotel. I didn't give it 5-stars because it wasn't completely up to the standards of a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons in terms of service, amenities, and decor. However, for the excellent price we paid and the extras we received, it fit the bill very nicely and we would return.	
Aug 30 2008 	We loved the Hotel Nikko!	We spent hours planning for a one week vacation to San Francisco for our family of four (two adults, two sons, ages 9 and 13) since we wanted it to be perfect - the Hotel Nikko came pretty darn close!. Planned to stay in the city without a car so wanted a decent hotel in a central location. Hotel Nikko seemed to get lots of positive reviews from TripAdvisor and we initially booked a fully refundable internet rate on the hotel's website (approx. $200 a night). Later found a 30% off sale on Expedia of an Imperial Club floor room (floors 22-24) which gave access to a free (elaborate) continental breakfast in the 23rd floor lounge or the buffet in the hotel restaurant Anzu (normally $20 pp.), plus free beer, wine and soft drinks/cheese and crackers every evening from 5-7 pm (approx. $230 a night rather than $330). I booked it and never saw it offered again - half assumed it was a mistake it was such a good deal. At hotel check-in was informed that Expedia's message indicated one king bed rather than the two beds we needed. Helpful reception agent accommodated us and we spent the week in the nicest hotel room I have ever stayed in - two queen beds, spacious, clean, modern (flat screen TV on the wall and a small one in the mirror of the bathroom!). Great view from the 23rd floor. NY Times delivered every morning. Can not say enough about the access to the 23rd floor lounge - so nice to walk across the hall to the lounge for a cup of coffee, read the paper, check the complimentary internet, etc. while rest of family slept. Great location - we bought week-long Muni passes giving unlimited use of cable cars, buses and streetcars. Since many bus lines pass w/i a block of Union Square we easily got anywhere we wanted to go. We used the historic &quot;F&quot; streetcars on Market a lot - takes you down to the Ferry Building and Fisherman's Wharf. The Powell/Market cable car is always jammed - go down towards the Ferry Bldg. to the start of the California Street cable car - no waiting! Wanted to do a one-day car rental (Sonoma, Muir Woods) and saw many Trip Advisor reviews not too positive of the Enterprise Car Rental w/i the Hotel Nikko. Checked around the day before we wanted to rent (on a Wednesday) and all the other car rental places near Union Square were sold out. I stopped by Enterprise and since I was staying there, they found a car for us - got it late morning but it was great, wonderful service from the manager. Also saw Trip Advisor comments about homeless in area - really was not a problem, we would just say &quot;no thanks&quot; and they would move on. San Francisco was a wonderful city for a family vacation and the Hotel Nikko was perfect for our family. A main reason we initially focused on the Hotel Nikko was the indoor pool. It was fine, but there was so much we wanted to do in the city we ended up only using the pool once!	
Aug 28 2008 	loved it	stayed here for 3 nights as part of our holiday throughout the west coast of america, definitly one of my favourite hotels, decor beautiful, great view over the city, really friendly staff. booked a shiatsu message in my room, approx 100 dollars, really worth it, its a bit rough but you feel great after.good location too, few minute walk to all shops and bars, approx ten dollors down to fishermans warf, some good bars and restaurants there too. didnt eat there so cant comment, can recommend restaurant across rd for breakfast, think it was called rainbow- lovely food.really recommend alkatraz and the city sight seing tours, just make sure to book before you go.would defiinitly stay again, i felt it was worth the money.	
Aug 25 2008 	great hotel	stayed in hotel nikko for 5 nights in early august. from the moment we arrived the hotel looked fantastic and our room was so comfortable. the bed was amazing and the bathroom was so big with a bath and separate shower unit (no shower curtains in sight) !!had breakfast in hotel, which was reasonable usd 50 for two. also had dinner in restaurant which was very nice. location is excellent to union square area. swimming pool was great also for a getaway. we got this hotel with a great rate so can't fault it. a great stay.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Location nicely decorated	Great Central location. A block from Union Square, a short distance to China town. All very walkable. Very nicley decorated with comfy beds and a nice view. We were given a complimentary upgrade. There's a parking garage just across the street that will save you half in parking costs.	
Aug 20 2008 	Formula for success	I stayed here in August for four nights as part of a 3 week tour of America and was very impressed. In fact I would go as far as to say the best hotel of the holiday.The public areas are very modern and clean and all staff were very well presented. We were fortunate to be upgraded to a Junior Suite which was absolutely amazing - Great living room, lovely bedroom and huge bathroom. The views of SF from the floor to ceiling windows were stunning - Great for watching the mist roll in or the sun rise in the mornings. The parking was a little expensive at around $54 per night but we just put this down to the fact that they had limited space. After the first night we moved our car to the one across the road which was half the price. At first I was a little surprised that there was a charge for using the spa as from my experience (At least in the UK) this is complimentary. However, if you intend to use the facilities it is definitely worth the small $10 charge - The pool, gym etc were all really clean and well maintained.The customer service was good especially from the concierge team who always seemed to be smiling when we walked past and genuinely seemed to enjoy their jobs. I lost my cash card one morning and Michelle on concierge was absolutely fantastic in making sure I got the correct UK bank details and then calling to get my card cancelled. Things like that really make a difference.The location was good too - A few blocks to the left and you're in Union Square and a few blocks to the right and you're on Market Street with all the shops. There were very few restaurants and bars for evenings in the downtown area which I found strange but it was only a quick journey on a street car to Fisherman's Wharf, Castro or Chinatown to find good restaurants and places to drink. For breakfast try some of the 50's diners and local eateries - Usually a small queue but good value for money.Overall I would definitely recommend Nikko - It may be a little more costly than some of the other hotels but it's certainly worth the money.	
Aug 19 2008	Great location	Stayed in Hotel Nikko for my visit to San Francisco and had no complaints whatsoever. On checking in we were allowed to leave our hire car on the forecourt so we could put our bags in our rooms before dropping the car off - they have a free complimentary 15minutes parking. The staff in parking and check in could not have been more friendlier or helpful.The Nikko is in an ideal location - a couple of blocks from Union Square, the Powell cable car turn a round (a go on the cable cars is a must for any visitor to San Francisco!) and Market Street where the metro station and street cars can be found.We had asked for a twin room but they had obviously booked all those out however to be helpful they had put a single bed in the room for us. I thought this was good of them as i wasn't expecting it and they certainly didn't have to as we knew it wasn't guaranteed when we booked. The rooms were spotless and have the poshest bathroom and shower i've ever seen!!! There is also temperature control in the room which was lovely especially as San Francisco took a cold turn while we were there!Would definitely stay there again and recommend to other people.	
Aug 13 2008 	Lovely hotel but not sure it's worth the money???	We stayed at Hotel Nikko in San Francisco for a week in August 2008. Pros: 1. very close to Union Square and several good restaurants2. staff very polite and helpful3. room was comfortable but small 4. will provide a complimentary fridge if you requireCons:1. they will charge you if you even move/touch anything in the mini-bar2. tv reception was very poor3. room was very smallThe hotel is perfectly fine if you don't intend to spend much time there, but I did come away feeling that I didn't get my money's worth, however that said, I probably would stay there again if I went to San Francisco.	
Aug 13 2008 	Outstanding in all ways	I stayed at the Nikko with my eleven year old grandson for 4 nights on our first ever visit to San Francisco. The hotel was spotless, quiet, calming and accommodating. Our room with 2 double beds was large with a full bath with tub and shower...along with the advertised large flat screen tv. We were on the 7th floor and had a little street noise but nothing disturbing. The hallways more than make up for it with no door banging etc. Elevators are there within seconds. We paid the $10 per stay for the pool - it was a bargain since two of used the pool daily. Disappointing to see how many guests left their mess behind in the pool area. The concierge staff was outstanding...Rick and Michelle thought of everything when we asked for any direction/advice. Loved having Starbucks next door, BART down the street and all muni transportation a minute away. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend the hotel to others seeking a pleasant stay. For the price, it tops major hotels in NYC and Toronto.	
Aug 10 2008 	Good hotel at good location	My wife and I stayed at Nikko for four nights in July as part of our summer vacation. We booked a room in their Imperial Club (upper floors, keycard access, etc) through Expedia, which turned out to be an OK deal on price. Location:Nikko is located one block south west of Union Square. The location is very good for reaching the stores around the square and also for reaching the interesting SoMa district, which includes among other the Yerba Buena Gardens and the SF Museum of Modern Art. There are lots of bums and panhandlers in the streets surrounding the hotel(the same applies for the next door Parc55, Hilton, Clift, etc.). We were not really bothered by this, but travellers made uncomfortable by this should opt for lodging on the east side of Union Square. The hotel's parking option is expensive. There are a number of parking options in the area, most at 30-40% lower daily rack valet rates than the hotel (but the hotel offers deals including parking which would reduce the price difference).Room: The Imperial Club room on the 22 floor was OK spacious, with a larger than usual bathroom (separate shower and tub). The room was carpeted (a minus in itself). There were some cigarette burn marks in the carpet and some detailing was a bit worn. Apart from that, it was decent enough. Although we had requested a non-smoking room, none were available upon check-in (we showed up at ca 2.45 PM). We accepted the room based on the front desks promise that it would not smell too bad, as even their smoking rooms &quot;were not usually smoked in&quot;. We would describe the smell in the room as the smell found in the living room of your grandfather who smokes one or two a day. The minibar was stocked, the coffee on offer for the machine was good and the wireless internet was working. Some reviews of Nikko talk about mildew etc in the bathroom, we found none of this. It was well kept and 100% clean. Other:We had breakfast included in the rate, and could choose between the breakfast in the Imperial Club Lounge and the one served in the downstars Anzu restaurant. We tried both. The one served in the lounge is simpler (cereal, juice, coffee, croissants/danish, fruit salad) but is served in a more quiet setting, whereas the one below also features egg/bacon and a selection of Japanese breakfast staples. We did not try the gym or pool. The staff was helpful and courteous and all the common areas was spotless and well kept. Our opinion is that the Nikko offers good accomodation at a good spot. We would classify it as a 3,5-4 star hotel which at the $250 per night rate we paid offer good value for the money.	
Aug 8 2008	A great moderncomfortable hotel	The Nikko was a great place to stay. We stayed there for 2 relaxing nights &amp; days in April following our skiing trip to Lake Tahoe. Our room was spotlessly clean and very large, had 2 full sized beds, well stocked &amp; serviced.The staff were great and offered advice on where to go &amp; what to see and even managed to get us some Alcatraz tickets for the following day. We did not eat at the hotel or use their leisure facilities, but all the staff were efficient &amp; courteous. San Francisco seemed to have more than it’s fair share of homeless &amp; beggars, this can make walking around after dark a bit nervy. All in all the Nikko is a nice modern hotel with good facilities, which was easy to reach by car.	
Aug 6 2008 	Nikko - Clean and convenient.	I stayed at the Nikko for 2 days prior to a cruise from San Francisco to Alaska. When I had to change dates at the last minute due to plane problems, the hotel was extremely accommodating. The staff was very helpful and always cheerful during my stay. The hotel is only a block from several great restaurants and a three block walk from Union Square and all the shopping you could want.The price is a bit steep, but the clean and comfortable room with a 42&quot; HDTV made up for it.	
Jul 22 2008 	great location nice stay in the city	Stayed here for 2 nights from July 18-20, 2008. Booked directly with hotel using travelzoo promo. 2 queen bed room for 137/night. Was able to check in around noon. The room is nicely appointed with a desk, two chairs and a table. Bathroom was nice size with a bath and separate shower. Water pressure was a little low but sufficient. The concierge was very efficient and helpful. The hotel is located near the Powell BART station which we took from SFO 5.35 each way. Walked two blocks from the BART station to the hotel. Union Square was two blocks away also. Was a little worried about comments regarding location, but encountered no problems. Starbucks is located in the hotel. Would stay here again.	
Jul 18 2008 	OK once we changed rooms	The first room we were given was a bit small and smelt of smoke despite being a non smoking room. We were quickly moved to a bigger non smelly room when we said, but the receptionist said we were the fourth people she had moved today - so I think there may be some issues with some rooms.Once moved the room was good, the only complaint was that the fridge was full to brimming with products which you couldn't move without being charged, not even a space for a pint of milk. This is really annoying (though not particular to this hotel), we had to order a separate mini fridge which was plugged in and sat in the room for all of our stay making an awful noise. Facilities were very good - pool and gym, clean but a little tired.	
Jul 11 2008 	A La Carte	Just got back from an Independance Day weekend trip to San Fran. Hotel Nikko was very elegant, clean, and the service was excellent. I stayed in a standard King room, and got an amazing deal on Orbitz for less than $150 a night (3 night stay). The location is great, and to those complaining about the homeless in San Francisco, that's clearly a city-wide dilemma and shouldn't be used to tarnish this hotel or its location specifically. The one thing that turned me off about the hotel, despite the value of the rate we got, was that everything beyond a bed to sleep on costs extra. You would expect to be charged for room service or the mini-bar, but $13 for WiFi is an awful lot. Also, the $10 charge to use the Pool or Health Club were unadvertised online and deterred us from swimming - which was disappointing.Overall, great hotel -- would stay again, but might I might explore some other similarly-tierd hotels on my next trip.	
Jul 10 2008 	Perfect!	This was our first time in SF, and the Nikko helped make our week-long stay the most wonderful vacation we have ever had!Decor of the hotel, built in 1987, is classy and modern, and everything is kept sparkling. Hotel employees that we interacted with were very kind and helpful. The elevators were probably the fastest we have ever ridden in any building.Our room, #1904, although a bit small, was decorated nicely, and was very clean and sound-proof. Maid service was excellent. The bathroom was modern and larger than average, and featured ceramic floors and walls, black marble vanity top with basin sink, and a massage shower head.Nikko's location is perfect: one block from Powell Street, two blocks via Ceril Magnin St. from the BART, and two blocks from Union Square. It also is walking distance from major bus stops, making it easy to travel all around town from there.We will definitely stay there again, on our next trip!	
Jul 1 2008 	Absolutely Perfect	We stayed one night in this downtown hotel so we could catch an early morning Alcatraz tour. We booked the hotel on an internet site and our rate included breakfast. The hotel, staff, and restaurant were all perfect. Usually at least something minor goes wrong with a stay but this one was perfect. I would stay again and recommend to friends and business associates.	
Jun 29 2008 	Striving for perfection	This hotel is obviously trying to sustain excellent client service. Check-in was a breeze as was check-out. The concierge is so knowledgeable, and courteous. They recommended both a French and Italian restaurant and both were within walking distance and just delicious (Fleur de Lis / Fino). Rooms were very comfortable and the large TV was a bonus. There is a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel which we loved. There are a lot of homeless in the city so just be very aware. Be friendly but keep moving.	
Jun 23 2008 	decent only	ok stay during june. very crowded nearby. close to union sq. no problem w tenerloin. it is close, but no factor. homeless everywhere panhandling. starbucks there is open early and great. overpriced for what you get. but it is sf afterall! gym is ok for the hotel type and is 24/7. paid 479 for a small suite. would look around as there obviously is alot of choice.	
Jun 7 2008 	Decent Stay	I stayed at 2 hotels during my visit to San Francisco.Courtyard by Marriot and Hotel Nikko.Hotel Nikko is slightly cheaper and in my opinion, better.Bigger room. Bigger bathroom. Very comfortable bed.you have to pay about $13 for internet. the wifi isnt the fastestLocation wise, it is quite close to union square and market street. you can easily get a tram to go to fisherman's wharf.you don't get very good views due to the other buildings in the vicinity. if you want to go for a walkabout near the hotel, go north to union square or south to market street. avoid going to the west. too many homeless people asking you for money!	
Jun 2 2008 	Japanese simplicity in SF	the first hotel on our two week driving tour of california. the nikko met all of our expectations although we had requested a high floor previously by email and this wasn't honoured. room nice and comfortable. public areas very nice including a nice relaxing bar. breakfast very good with several japanese options. only complaint is the charge to use the pool/health club.	
May 31 2008 	I had the worst hotel experience in my life at this hotel	I arrived at the Nikko having spent 3 nights at another hotel further out and booked in here as I had some business to attend to in the CBD district.There was a long queue to check in and a bit of a wait. In time I was shown the room. Obviously this is a Japanese hotel and Japanese make up a large proportion of the guests. Japanese tend to be heavy smokers. I had booked a non smoking room. It was obvious that someone had smoked in the first room I was shown which was a petite queen room. I therefore asked for another room. I noticed in any event that the furniture in the first room was very worn and the room did not have a good feel to it.My opinion of the room was that it was tatty with marked furniture which was not of the standard you expect from what is supposed to be a luxury hotel. The second room I was shown was in even worse condition. The furniture was even more tatty, the room smelt [but not of smoke - more like a faint burning plastic] and to my horror, I saw that a light socket by the entrance had been completely smashed in so that there was, in effect, a gaping hole in the wall.I was shocked as I was paying for, and expecting, a luxury hotel. The state of the room was totally unacceptable. I complained to the front desk about it and the gentleman who picked up the phone did not care less. I said the standard of the room was unacceptable - he said if I wanted a better room I would have to pay for it!! I asked to speak to the manager - they said he was in a meeting. I have never encountered such a rude individual on the front desk in all my years of travelling. In time the head of housekeeping came up. I said the state of the room was unacceptable and did they really think that a gaping hole in the wall was good enough in what is supposed to be a luxury hotel.She couldn't have cared less.At this point I left the hotel to return my rental car as it was due back, on the understanding that I would speak to the manager upon my return. When I came back the head of housekeeping had had maintenance in to change the light socket so that there was no gaping hole any more and had plugged in an air freshener.This was not good enough - I should have been upgraded to a better room immediately. As the phone in the room now appeared to be broken, and would no longer work, I had to go down to the front desk - to another queue and the manager was still &quot;in a meeting&quot;.My experience at this hotel is that they could not care less about the satisfaction of their guests. The Hotel Manager should be sacked immediately for not having procedures in place for this kind of occurrence.At this point one of the front desk staff recognised that my treatment was unacceptable and offered to upgrade my room. However it was too late.I left the hotel and went across the road to the Hilton.Needless to say I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
May 25 2008 	Greatest Hotel Ever--Choose the Nikko!	This was the first splurg on a hotel room my family and I have ever done, it was well worth the money! When we arrived, the wonderful valet opened our doors for us and greated us with a smile and gladly took our luggage. We rode the escalators to the marvelous lobby and were in heaven. The front desk personell were amazing and very nice. I booked a room on the Nikko Floor (20&amp;21) and it was very nice. Good view, and a huge room. The beds were amazing and heavenly. The 42 inch plasma was a nice touch too! There was also a very nice stereo system. The bathroom was huge and seperate shower stall was nice, too. With our room on the Nikko floor, we received free breakfast at the Anzu rest. It was very, very good, you should book the Nikko Floor. The service was also amazing, just like everything else. We requested a mini-fridge since we were staying there for 3 nights. BOOM 5 minutes or less, there it was at our door. I can't even begin to say how nice, kind, helpful, and courteous the conceirge staff was. They helped us with SOOO much!! After returning from our night out on the town, we entered our room and I could hear music. I said to myself &quot;I didn't leave that on.&quot; It turned out that there was a turndown service I didn't know about. What they do is, come into the room and turn down the beds and set a yummy chocolate on your pillow and turn the local jazz station on, very nice touch. The whole hotel was clean, superb, awesome, amazing, and well worth the price!!!!! Nikko, great job!	
May 23 2008 	Nice hotel	Last year I took my Mom, Gramma, Aunt and Mother-in-law to San Francisco for Mother's Day weekend, and stayed at the Hotel Nikko based on Trip Advisor reviews. I have to say this is a great website!! It was exactly as described by others: (1) a nice hotel, (2) was withing walking distance of some nice restaurants, w/good food, (3) near cable car/trolleys, (4) near great shopping!.Previous reviewers were also correct, though, that it bordered on a not so nice area, so the street was a bit dirty, would be bums/homeless people around, esp. at night, so really did not like walking in the street in the evenings--although I will admit that there were ALWAYS lots of people walking around, so it still felt somewhat safe.; and during the day it was fine. The hotel is nice, the rooms are nice--not spectacular--but nice. We did NOT like the fact that you had to PAY a separate fee to use the indoor gym and indoor pool! They really need to change that. But it is a pretty pool area. The concierge was good, recommended a WONDERFUL RESTAURANT IN CHINATOWN THAT IS NOT FREQUENTED BY VISITORS, BUT IS POPULAR WITH LOCALS. I DONT REMEMBER THE NAME, BUT I AM SURE THE HOTEL WOULD KNOW, THE FOOD WAS SOOOOOOOOOO DELICIOUS!! YOU HAVE TO GO IF YOU LIKE CHINESE FOOD. Note: the servers speak very little English--seriously--but we had no problems with our orders. I think we were the only non-locals there!I have used Trip Advisor for help/guidance on other trips and find people's reviews pretty on-the-money!! I had forgotten to post this review, and wanted to make sure that I finally did it, just to make sure that I can help others, too. Thanks for this great website!!	
Apr 18 2008 	Nice hotel 	I often dislike US hotels… For example i’m not a huge fan of Marriot or Hilton… However i did like Nikko SF. First the local is convenient in downtown SF. The staff was very friendly, the room was quite large with two queen size beds and we had a nice view (we were on the top floors).The bath room was super clean and obviously has been renovated not so long ago.The hotel has descent restaurant and there is a quite large pool.Overall it was a very good value for money… As far as I remember we paid like 150 USD for a last minute room. (this was a few years ago though ).	
Apr 13 2008	good value great location	This hotel was recommended by a friend who had stayed on business and the location was great. The restaurant was very good though rather small, but excellent food and service. Lori's diner was close by and great no frills food with fast service - the ideal American diner especially for breakfast. Its also close to the shopping of Union Square which is all so compact and easy and the cable car stop in Powell St. Warning on these, they are slow to depart and irregular. On the return trip from Fishermans Wharf it took about 90 minutes so don't choose this fun, historical ride if you are in a hurry. Its worth it though just to go up and down the steep streets in one of these things - outside seats are best!The hotel is quite impersonal and housekeeping on our stay was not good with any requests either not being attended to or very slow. Great beds and linen and large LCD TV made for a nice retreat.	
Apr 12 2008 	A little over-priced in my opinion	Overall, the ambiance of the hotel was very nice. However, for the price, I expected free internet and free access to the pool and gym! I paid $199 per night. If I had paid $115 per night, I might have had a different opinion. The most outrageous price was the parking!! $51 per night!!!! The conference I went to was in the hotel's ballroom. Good AV equipment and decent continental breakfast spread in AM. The bathroom was nice and the bed was very comfy. Good location too. Didn't eat at the restaurant which looked very expensive.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Value steps from Union Square	The Nikko is located two short blocks from Union Square and two short blocks from Market Street - great location. There are plenty of good restaurants in the area and great shopping is inside a five minute walk. The hotel is up to par for Nikko standards, which I consider very good. We booked the Queen room which is &quot;cozy&quot; to say the least (honestly, about 8 or 10 feet from wall to wall) but really wasn't lacking anything. Enjoyed the ~30&quot; plasma TV. Overall I thought this was a great value for SF at around $115 per night, and will definitely stay here again the next time I'm in SF.	
Apr 8 2008	It Was Alright	Went to S.F. in early summer 07 and stayed at the Nikko, found it to be a relatively nice property, staff didnt speak english that great though, check-in was a little too long for my liking. Room was nice with decent view although room was very small in my opinion, Restaurant food was alright but $130 for 2 people to eat dinner seriously? the steak we ordered wasnt any better than ordering a steak from say Chili's. so we didnt eat there again, went across the street to the Hilton the next night and ate in the restaurant that was on the very top, 47th floor I believe, Amazing views and spectacular food, did plenty of sightseeing and shopping and in the end, San Francisco is just not my kind of place really, I think I like southern California alot better, temps. werent that warm, nothing really exciting about S.F. had a good time but really nothing special, definetely will go back to Orange County/LA area next time I want to go to california.	
Mar 29 2008 	Worst Service of my LIFE	I do a lot of travel , for work and play. Overall, I stay in hotels over 25x a year, mostly great experiences.My recent stay at the hotel Nikko was my first and my LAST!! Upon a late check in due to a delayed flight, I settled into my room, pulled out the room service menu and was soarly dissappointed to find hot dogs, sloppy joes, a salad , chips or soup the only late night offerings! Deciding to go to bed hungry, I proceeded to was my face and go to bed. Too bad the sink was clogged and the body wash smelt of old men's heavy cologne. The next day I was called by hotel and asked to pack my belongs within the hour because they had some plumming issues in the room next door and needed to break through the wall. I called the front desk when I was finished packing and asked they send a new room key up to me so I could move as I was in a hurry meeting a friend in an hour. I waited 20min and no one arrived! Called again and they said they would get someone up right away and waited another 30min. NO one came. Called again very upset at this point told them I'd be in th room another 10 min, if they could not have someone come up by that time we would have to do this after I returned back to the hotel. NO ONE CAME , I was late meeting my friend and annoyed that I'd have to unpack and re-iorn my clothing again in the AM. Opon returning to the hotel, I was LOCKED out of my room, had to go down to get the new key for a new room where they said my stuff would be waiting. NONE of my belongings where in this new room! Love the idea that this hotel would rather have you accomodate them then get the accomodations you paid for. Worst service of my life!	
Mar 25 2008 	Excellent Stay.	My family and I stayed from March 19 to March 24th, having booked thru hotels.com a double room for 2 adults/2 children at $ 111.00 x day..plus taxes. Upon arrival we were courteously upgraded to a room (1211) with 2 Queen-size beds on the 12th floor.The room was very nice and clean with a great bathroom with both a shower and tub. Free newspapers at your door every day...discreet maid-service.....and the location is great....minor drawbacks...water pressure in shower could be better..and internet access should be free....the staff should be commended from Bellman at reception area to Concierge...Desk personnel and staff at Business center....I received several packages and mail ((pre-arranged) with 100% satisfaction. Will come back without a doubt.	
Mar 7 2008 	Great Hotel	Great Hotel. Location can't be beat. Room service is quick and very good. Stayed on the 11th floor. The rooms are big, and the bathroom is amazing. Will be back.	
Mar 5 2008	Great Spot	Beautiful hotel in great location. Staff was very nice. Very private.	
Feb 26 2008	OK Hotel parking is outragous	This hotel is OK, not up to Nikko's regular standards. They could not find my reservation on arrival that I had made on the website of the hotel. DO NOT PARK HERE. My room was $199, the parking was $51 a night! I was in a recently renovated room, and it was OK nothing outstanding.Not a bad $200 hotel in downtown SF but I'll never get over the parking.	
Feb 24 2008	Incredible Lobby... Rooms need work	Disappointed in rooms. After checking out the huge beautiful lobby we were excited about the rooms. Rooms in need of repair. Closet mirror doors falling off track and ridiculous to open. Bathroom tile and grout old and chipping. I thought counters were dirty, but just old and can't clean. Something removed from wall and metal parts still there. No ventilation fan in bathroom so had to keep tossing bags or ice bucket on the floor to keep the door open a crack for air. Internet and parking way overpriced for the quality of the rooms. Lucky to have a good view in one of the rooms and although the furniture run down, the bedding and towels were nice. Location was great though, and the employees wonderful. We never did find the &quot;Lobby Bar&quot;. Nobody was at the front desk to ask so assuming the only bar is in the restaurant which closes too early to go to after theatre.	
Feb 18 2008 	Hotel Nikko - nice hotel in a great location	As others have noted, Hotel Nikko is located in a great neighborhood. Steps from Union Square and the Powell Street Bart Station. Shopping is literally steps away. I followed the advice of other tripadvisor members (exiting right out of the hotel, rather than left) and was able to avoid the Tenderloin (which is apparently very close).The hotel itself is clean and has all of the normal amenities. The rooms are on the large size for San Francisco. Flat panel TV was nice. As others have noted, the mini bars are the kind where if you take something out, it ends up on your bill. Don't think about buying a soda and then replacing it later.The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel was busy, but check in was quick and efficient, and staff were available when I needed help or information.The adjacent Starbucks is convenient and opens early (if you're an east coaster who is up and needs caffeine).The only trouble I had was with the hotel's wireless. I never was able to connect to the internet (never even could get to the place where you enter the credit card). I suspect that they must use javascript (or something else that my company deems a security risk).All in all, a please (albeit short) stay.	
Feb 3 2008 	Satisfactory	Booked the Nikko for location and was not disappointed. Had breakfast vouchers and we were really impressed with the breakfast. Room on 17th floor was lovely with a magnificent view of the sunrise. Reception and concierge helpful. Alas! A streak of meanness! Minibar is so automated that one could not remove an item and replace it again without incurring a charge. Mean, smallminded. Surely a foreigner needs to read unfamiliar brands and labels before consuming a product. Also, a bottle of water was placed next the bed - cost $6. Available in local shops for a fraction of that. Similarly with beauty products. Please do not use the bedroom as a shop. We Europeans are accustomed to having free use of the leisure facilities in the host hotel. Not as blatantly mean as the minibar situation. Why the coffeemaker in the bathroom. Hygiene???? Phone cost far too high. Otherwise a pleasant stay but very expensive. The hotel did remove the minibar costs when we explained our situation.	
Feb 1 2008	Loved it	Great location next to the square. Had a nice stay. Good place for leisure or business.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great	My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon. It was a great hotel..big, beautiful design, and great food. It's within walking distance of Union Square, which we loved! It was also near the cable cars, which we took to the Wharf (a must see if you've never been!) We also enjoyed Chinatown, which was close by. Overall, we enjoyed our time in the hotel.	
Jan 27 2008 	Imperial floor rooms have great views	Spent a Saturday night in one of the imperial club rooms, which are on the 22nd and 23rd floors. Our room had a great view of the Bay and Union Square. The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was very nice, with a tv in the mirror above the sink and a nice deep tub and separate shower. The imperial club rooms have access to a private lounge where they offer free continental breakfast and free wine and cheese in the afternoon. The lounge was staffed by very helpful and knowlegeable staff who gave us great suggestions on shopping and dining nearby. Overall, I had a very pleasant stay at the Nikko.	
Jan 15 2008 	Decent place to stay - beware of the parking prices!	I had won an award through my work that allowed me to use a credit towards hotels. After working with the agency, we were booked for a 6 day/5 night stay in the Hotel Nikko. The hotel is nice . It's about 1 block to the cable car station and fairly close to Union Square. We drove to the hotel and ended up using their valet service. A word of caution if you have never been to San Francisco: it's a big city and parking tends to be a problem and expensive. It's no different here at this hotel. You can park in nearby city garages (which we were not sure how secure they were) so if you use the hotel's valet service, it's about $55/day. The food is quite expensive in the hotel so we opted for breakfast at the Starbucks downstairs or the little cafe accross the street on the O'Farrell side (I think that it was callled the Sunflower cafe). We decided to take in some time to walk around the sights of the city. We had kids with us, so instead of dealing with pricy restaurants, we went to the local grovery store and got fruit and snacks to take with us while we were out. There are plenty of &quot;kid friendly&quot; places to eat at in this city. This was easier than dining in the hotel's restaurant every night. The hotel has an indoor pool on the 5th floor. Apparently, you have to pay to use the health club/pool facilities and this was not included in the price of the room. We found this out when we went to the pool, and the lounge manager asked for our room and name. The beds are fairly comfortable and the rooms are sufficiently spacious. I can't complain too much since this was a free trip!	
Jan 3 2008 	Superb Upgrade	This hotel was pretty nice, but like most had pros and cons.First the cons - the rooms aren't exactly as advertised on their website - the standard rooms are much smaller. Our bath had some un-removable mould round the bath, albeit nothing too bad. That's it really!The pros : Location was excellent - 1 minute from Union Square, walkable to the baseball, right at the cable car turntable for travelling around the city. Minutes from Chinatown on foot, and loads of restaurants (and shops) on your doorstep.Staff were really helpful - due to being full they couldn't upgrade us on the first night but recognised us in the lobby and asked us the day after if we'd like an upgrade - to a much larger room with a great view over the city.Rooms were clean and very modern (aside from comment above), lobby really plush with running water channels etc - really cool!Not overly expensive for what you get.Really nice bar with mirrored roof which made for interesting photos!!Overall, may not have been delighted if we hadn't been upgraded, but a great hotel in a convenient location.One tip though - rather than stand in the queues at the cable car turntable, go a few steps up the line and you'll save yourself 40 minutes! From there, all the areas of the city are easily accessible.	
Jan 3 2008 	Good Hotel	I really like the Nikko, the hotel lobby was very nice and the location was good. There were a few things I should point out, both good and bad.1) If you dont venture towards Union Square and venture the opposite way your`e in the HOOD (Tenderloin), so avoid that especially if youre with a family or a single women. Stay on o`farrel towards union square and DO NOT head the other way on `farrell. The area around Nikko is generally very good, however SF has a big homeless problem so just use caution, dont insult or question just keep walking and its like any other city. The hotel has 2 exits, mason and o`farrell, use the o`farrell exit and take a right had turn, youll be in the center of a great safe and fun shopping area. I highly reccomend foleys pub about half a block down the street its a great time.2) The room I had was EXCEPTIONAL as far as a huge flat screen new bedding, desk, etc. The only problem was the bathroom was very nice except the tile was old. It is as if they redid the bathroom except for the tile which was a bit dated. it was nothing to bad but with a 40 inch flat screen the shower tile should be cleaner and the door should close.3) THERMOSTAT! it really has a mind of its own, I agree with other posts. I had it set to 60 for 5 days, room temp never went below 70. I really was at a loss for what the heck the thermostat was doing. I am 26 was in town to party and didnt really care but when your drinking and want some cold area flowing and the thermo spits out 75 degree stuff it can drive you (hungover) mad!4) General, the hotel lobby is very very nice, safe and clean. The hotel is a solid 3.5 star but not a 4 star. The staff is helpful and for the price the location, staff and hotel itself is very nice. I would prefer this hotel over the parc 55 which I also looked at, the Parc 55 is just to far into a bad area.5) This is a very nice hotel for the price and is extremely safe and well located. I paid 190 for New Years eve and about 140 for other nights so thats what made it great compared to the 300+ everywhere else wanted. Also this hotel primarly caters to the Japanesse which I enjoy as the clientele and attitude of staff is much more service oriented.6) sorry for my spelling7) overall I give this place a solid thumbs up!	
Jan 1 2008 	An Average Stay	The hotel is at a fairly good location with easy access to the shopping district and a Walgreens a block away. The front desk was very efficient, and the concierge was helpful. However, the room had old and discolored carpet, the thermostat had a mind of its own, and the bathroom isn't clean. The shower stall was especially grime ridden. During my seven nights of stay, the cleaning staff always forgot something, be it forgetting to add soap, tea and coffee bags, or tissue paper. Though there is a big screen HDTV in the room, the few available channels were all NTSC quality and the TV doesn't do a good job of up-conversion. Aside from the room itself, everything else costs extra, the gym, the pool and internet connection are all additional daily-rate charges. You could do a lot worse for the money, but it's not a four star like advertised either.	
Dec 25 2007 	Beware of pets in rooms	My husband and I had reservations for a standard room. I noticed a few itchy bumps after 1st night, which I could not get myself to believe it was from a 4 star hotel. By end of 3rd night, I was covered in these itchy bumps. They appeared to be flea bites, which I am highly allergic to.The front desk confirmed they were a pet friendly hotel. After showing them my arms/neck, which were scratched to a pulp by then, I requested to be put in a room where no pets had stayed. I am not sure if I believe they had no room where they could guarantee pets had not been in, but they moved us into a bigger room where they assured me the room would be highly detailed.They paid for my medications, which took me entire day to acquire on a weekend.If pets are allowed in every room, I am puzzled why these rooms aren't always &quot;highly detailed.&quot; In the least, they should have separate rooms for those who sensitive to pet issues. Also, be upfront at check-in about situation.	
Dec 19 2007	Just OK	Stayed before and really liked this hotel...but this time I had a room that needed lots of work! The carpet was really bad! Service is good as well as the location.	
Dec 16 2007	Won't stay here again	The room was fairly nice, but charges for services were outrageous. I was charged nine dollars for a one minute phone call.	
Dec 4 2007	Nice Hotel Slightly overpriced	The title says it all. I have stayed in nicer hotels both in Boston and Chicago that have offered more for less money. Pros: The bed was huge and comfy with lots of pillows!! Great TV. Shower was great, large with hot water quickly. The staff was friendly, room service wasnt pushy and the location was absolutely perfect.Cons: Terrible view , unless yo enjoy AC/Heater units on rooftops. We requested a room on or near the top and where given a room on the fourth floor.. (and we all know they had a room available, we were there on a tues). Although staff was friendly, they were not very inviting. Valet service was decent but didnt go out of thier way to grab a bag..ie as the car is driving up..reach for my girlfriends bag and insist you take it.Happy Holidays/Travels!	
Nov 22 2007 	Nikko Hotel: Think Again!	Dirty bed linen, unclean bathrooms, long lines at checkout. See [--] for photos. Lots and lots of extra charges...And won't your kid be surprised to find a 'complimentary' vibrator next to the bed? Peeling furniture, scuffed walls. Money spent better elsewhere. HOWEVER The Anzo restaurant was impecable, five stars.	
Nov 17 2007	Beautiful hotel great area reasonable rates	Since I tend to get wordy, here is my bottom line: I thought this was a beautiful, serene hotel in a great area and I would stay there again. I got a special rate through a conference I went to, about 228$/night which I split with another conference attendee (only 114/nighteach) which I thought was very reasonable. Service: really great, helpful people, a highlight of the hotel. Theywree very gracious.Rooms: We were on the 14th floor- they were beautiful and relatively spacious (coming from nyc at least) bed had a luxurious feel to them. We had a view of the city which was beautiful at night. The bathrooms were also nicely decorated and everything had that clean, japanese esthetic which was very calming. You do have to pay for internet, 10$/24h and this worked fine. Food: we didn't eat at the hotel since there are just so many restaurants in the area, the proximity to so many is a bonus. There isalso a Starbucks connected to the hotel which I loved. Transportation: I took the BART from the airport, it was about 5$ total one-way and so easy. The BART station is about a block and a half from the Nikko entrance and coming from nyc, it as as easy as I could ask for. this is a beautiful, serene hotel with great service. The proximity to things is a plus. let me know if anyone has questions!	
Nov 7 2007 	Nice Location for Shoppers	We stayed here in October while attending the Hardly, Strictly, Bluegrass festival in Golden Gate Park. We were given a room on the 21st floor that had a large picture window facing east with nice views of the city and the Bay Bridge beyond. It was fleet week, and they had a large fireworks show over the bay that we could see from our window.As others have said, the rooms are somewhat small (but that is the norm for most hotels in the city) but they are well appointed. The bathroom was adequate but nothing special but there was good pressure and plenty of hot water in the shower.The rooms have plasma tvs and a Sony CD component system. However, there was no high def available and so all you could get from their satellite feed was the standard broadcast &quot;stretched&quot; to fill the Plasma screen. For most this would not be an issue because you don't stay at the Nikko to watch TV but our visit coincided with the Baseball Playoffs and I wanted to catch some of the games. It would have been great to have seen them in high def.Also, the stereo system is very nice but there is just a cheap speaker box above the Sony components which did not sound very good. There should be a speaker system built into the walls or ceiling to get the most out of the music.We didn't use the swimming pool or fitness center because they charged too much. That should be included at the room rates they charge. We also didn't eat in their restaurant but did have room service one night and found the quality and service excellent and not really overpriced at all.As others have commented, it's not necessary to pay extra for the buffet breakfast because there is a Starbucks downstairs and across the street is a fairly decent and reasonable coffee shop that serves breakfast.All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Nikko. It was convenient to the buses we needed to take out to GG Park and we were also able to spend several hours over at the new mall that has Bloomingdales and Nordstroms. In the basement there is an excellent market that has many hot food offerings that are reasonably priced and looked very good. There are also several inexpesive restaurants to choose from. We ate here one night since I had a cold and had no taste buds so I didn't want to waste my money at the fine restaurants nearby.The Nikko is in a great location right near Union Square and close to the best shopping and also the theater district. The surrounding neighborhood can be a litte seedy if you walk down the wrong streets but overall this area is far improved from what I remember it being in the '70s when I lived in San Francisco. They didn't call it the Tenderloin because there were good steak restaurants nearby. However, from our room, we could look down at Tad's Steak House which, as a starving student in the '60s, was one of the few restaurants I could afford. Next time, we will go check it out.	
Oct 28 2007	Hotel Nikko - I'd absolutely recommend it	Very nice hotel. At checkin, we were asked if we wanted to wait an extra 30 minutes for another room to open up with a better view - we did - and were nicely rewarded. Stayed on concierge floor - definitely worth the extra price just for wine/beer in the afternoon. Upgrade also entitled us to buffet breakfast in the restaurant which was excellent - wish we'd taken advantage of it both days we were there. Location is very central. Room was lovely - bathroom could use some sprucing up. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Expected more not the greatest choice in the area	I was in town for the Nike Women's Marathon this past weekend and shared a room at Nikko with another runner. I was originally booked at Orchard Garden, but in the interest of saving some money decided to share a room with a friend instead. She was already booked at Nikko - the proximity to Union Square (and the starting line) was better and the price was cheaper. On first appearance, the hotel is extremely nice. Marble foyer, great valet staff, front desk was extremely helpful and kind, as was the concierge. Huge compliments to the staff. Unfortunately, the rooms cannot compare. The beds were soft and the bedding was nice and comfortable. The room was a little small, but I believe this is the standard in San Francisco, so I can't complain. The separate tub and shower are nice, but my biggest complaint is about the shower. The shower door would not stay closed. The water pressure continue to get weaker and weaker as I showered. As a runner, I appreciate an awesome high pressure hot shower after a marathon. . . it was a shame that the shower went to a light drizzle a few times (was EVERY runner showering at once?) and didn't stay very hot. The worst part was the mold and mildew all over the shower stall. I have attached pictures because I don't want readers to think I am exaggerating. I was so disappointed to see that the cleaning staff didn't make enough effort to prevent this much growth. This is not four star, $225/night quality. There are much nicer hotels in the area for this price. Choose wisely when going to San Francisco and opting to stay near Union Square. Hopefully Nikko will clean up their rooms and then the stay will be much more well-rounded. It is a shame the room quality doesn't match the superb staff.	
Oct 24 2007	Clean but needs updating	I just stayed at this hotel for the Nike Women's Marathon. While the front desk staff handled the large crowds well and the common areas are well maintained. That said, the rooms are in need of a refresher - the carpet in our room was stained, dirty and pulled. The separate shower / bath was a nice feature, but both had not aged well. As far as location, there is a Starbucks in the lobby, but if your budget can handle it, I'd suggest one of the nicer hotels on the Square or one of the several Kimpton boutique hotels in the area.	
Oct 22 2007 	Nice hotel clean and friendly	Booked this hotel from web site Otel.com. Hotel Nikko was rated a 4 star, and feel it was close, but rooms do need updating. Paid $150.00 a night, but booked this 7 months in advance. I checked rates just prior to leaving and they were going for $339 a night through the same Otel.com. Flew from Columbus Ohio non stop to Oakland. Taxi ride fare from Oakland to Nikko, (in financial district) was $52 with out tip. It was around $55 coming back. PUlled up to hotel and was greeted by bellhop, expressing hellos etcc.. Very nice appeal. You then go up an escalator to the next level to check in. It is a massive open lobby, with all marble ,whites, and massive area to read, sit, and people watch. Check in was a breeze and very polite, all Asian staff, and always smiles. Arrived at 3 pm, so this will probably be why check in was done so fast. Was offered a king, but not yet ready, or a ready queen. Took the queen as we needed to get a shower before we went out for dinner.The elevators are plenty. 6 to be exact, and waiting was never an issue. Our room was on the small side, having a bath/shower, all marble, but the pinkish tile and tub could have used some updating. Our room had a plasma, 2 safes, mini bar, coffee station, raio/cd player, phone in bath. The mini bar is triggeed to charge you by weight, so if you pick out a bottle of Coke, and put it back, you might as well drink it($4). Very well stocked. Used about $20 in room beverages. The bed was very soft, and made up very nicely. Many pillows etc... The air worked fine and heat was not needed. On the thermostat are 2 bottons. 1 for do not distrub, and 1 for making up the room. By pressing your choice, will make a small light turn on outside of your room to be seen by the maid service. Nice touch, and classy compared to paper door hangers. The shower/bath had plenty of hot and high pressured water. Ordered room service Sunday, and in (no kidding) 10 minutes the wife and I had scrabmled eggs, bacon, toast fruit and coffee. Stayed at Four Seasons in Maui in August, and their room service wasn't this fast. WOW! The hotel on Sundays has a quartet playing for the breasfast brunch. we did not partake, as we had to catch flight, but looked very classy. There is a high end sushi in the hotel, but never could find time to enjoy. Reservations highly suggested. There is a gift shop, and also a Starbucks inside the hotel. However when we went there twice the line was out the door....here is what I did, along with others that didn't want to wait. Directly across the street is a small coffee shop, and plenty of rolls , muffins. Like a small mom and pop coffee place. Only 5 people in line here, and all did the same as I, as we didn't want to wait 30 minutesin line at Starbucks. Other than that, valet always whistled for a cab and had no problems. Overall, this is a nice hotel...is it 4 stars???? Close but no cigar. It is a 3.8 one could say. I would for sure stay here again, but to me it is not a Ritz or Four seasons, but was well worth the cost.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great Experience and Great staff	Just returned from 5 nights at the Nikko and I have got to say that I cannot fault the location, service and quality of this hotel. We got a good deal using Travelsupermarket and upgraded on our arrival. Room was fab and the gym and pool, although small, were well kept. The bar is a bit expensive but the cocktails excellent. I left some important documents in the safe and the manager went and personally pickedx them up and kept them safe for me. Fantastic!	
Oct 17 2007 	Tranquil and classy hotel in great location	We arrived from a very hectic 4 day schedule having flown in from the UK, attended a wedding at LakeTahoe, and to arrive at the hotel Nikko was bliss. We upgraded to a room with 2 queen size beds and the room was large, extremely comfortable and quiet. The beds were very comfortable with high quality mattresses and pillows. The location was superb, just a couple of blocks from Union Square. My only slight criticism was that breakfast in the hotel was very expensive but the service was quiet and polite. First class.	
Oct 14 2007 	Lovely hotel in a great location	From beginning to end our stay at Hotel Nikko was wonderful. The hotel staff were all so friendly and helpful and the location was perfect. The hotel lobby is beautiful and the rooms are massive! We stayed on the 16th floor and had views of the city. Not spectacular but still very nice. The television was quite large and I particularly liked the powder room. The room was immaculate and the staff were very quick to respond to our requests.I did not like having to pay for both internet and pool. $10 a day for the internet and an extra $10 a day for the pool/gym area. However the pool area is really nice. It is located indoors and is heated. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in San Francisco near Union Square.	
Oct 12 2007 	An Excellent Hotel	Just returned from a three night stay at the Nikko booked through Priceline. I got a fantastic rate by bidding on Priceline ($95) and when we checked in, they said the room would be a Queen size bed and the type of room they give to the airline personnel who stay there. For $40 extra (per night), we were offered a &quot;Deluxe Queen,&quot; which is a room twice the size of the Queen room. The other option was a King Size room with breakfast (but only for one) and free internet. That was offered for $60. We took the $40 upgrade and were very, very pleased. The room was on the 19th floor with a &quot;city view,&quot; which did not afford us any glimpse of the bay, but was fine. The 2 Queen size beds were amazingly comfortable and the bathroom was lovely with a separate glass shower. The dressing area is outside the bathroom and is where the hairdryer is located. Daily newspapers were delivered and there were even more papers in the lobby for the taking (USA Today, Wall Street Journal, and San Francisco papers) NY Times was delivered to the door. Others have said the hotel needed refurbishing but that was definitely not the case in our room. The lobby is marble and very serene. The Starbucks attached to the hotel is a bonus and cable cars, shopping, and dining are all close by. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Nikko.	
Oct 6 2007 	Great Hotel for Business Travelers	The Hotel Nikko is a centrally-located, comfortable, and modern hotel geared to business travelers. It is an excellent option for the business traveler who desires a comfortable, spacious and attractive accommodation with strong business services.Rooms at the Nikko are spacious and well-appointed. My room was decorated in sleek greys with blue accents, and offered excellent Internet access, a spacious desk, and a large, flat-screen television set. The room offered a large dressing and bath area, equipped with a dressing room, countertop sink, a excellent shower and a water closet. The size of the dressing/bath area alone was equivalent to the square footage of rooms in smaller San Francisco establishments.Book the Nikko through a website to enhance affordability. I booked here for three nights on short notice, earlier that day. For the date of my initial checkin, I was forced to book directly with the hotel and paid a hefty $359. For the following two nights, which I booked on a travel site, the rate was $229, and well worth it-- an outstanding value.Dining at the Nikko is pricey, but the cuisine is excellent. The hotel's menu offers both Japanese cuisine and Western offerings. I chose sushi and a California white wine-- both excellent. If you are a sushi afficionardo, do try the sushi here-- but be warned that the prices are steep-- in my case, $18 for 7 generous and flavorful pieces. For those seeking more affordable options, there is ample and excellent dining in the immediate neighborhood.Service at the Nikko is efficient. and capable, if a bit austere The business center is well-equipped and available after hours with one's room key. The clientele is cosmopolitan, with both Asian and Western guests.Bottom line: an excellent value for business travelers, especially if booked through a website.	
Sep 29 2007 	Great Location Great Value	Needed to escape work and despite many trips to the US I'd never been to San Francisco, so I wanted to stay somewhere comfortable and central. I found the Nikko to be great value - I've stayed in many hotels that were much more expensive and claimed to be 5-star, but which couldn't match the Nikko. Is it 5-star? Barely, it's probably what used to be rated 4-Star Deluxe. I didn't pay extra for the Nikko Floors, but still had a room high up with a great view of Union Square and the bay. Cable cars are a block away, Union Square and the Westfield SF Center seconds beyond if you want to be close to shopping. It's an easy walk to Chinatown, or anywhere else. And the hotel's offerings aside from location? The room was very comfortable, great bed, large flat-screen tv, comfy armchair by a large window. The bathroom was not the most luxurious, but it was prett good - and I'm very fussy. I'm surprised other reviews mentioning tired or worn bathrooms - mine was spotless. Service was always friendly, and only once was I irritated by the long wait at reception (too few staff on hand, and one seem flustered and overwhelmed by the pressure). The Concierge however was very competent and helpful. Don't want to pay for pricey room-service hotel breakfasts? You could eat for the day at the breakfast buffet in restaurant ANZU, or there's a Starbucks at street-level, in the building. The hotel is surrounded by restaurants - from diners to more expensive venues. Summary? It's not the Four Seasons, but it's much better than a Marriott...	
Sep 22 2007 	Disappointing not a true 4-star	I've stayed at a lot of hotels in San Francisco, and I chose the Nikko on this trip because it was slightly (not greatly) less expensive than the other 4-stars in the area, and the photos made it look very comparable to other hotels that I've stayed at and liked (Grand Hyatt, Hyatt SF, Westin, etc). What I found when I arrived is a hotel that is very uneven and inconsistent in its upkeep, maintenance and standards.The lobby is unmemorable and feels like the entrance to an office building. The walls and floors are mostly cold/80's looking white marble and brass, and a slightly random collection of chairs and sofas. The hallways on the room floors are a mixed bag - attractive new carpeting but old, dated flourescent lighting/wallpaper.  I was booked into a &quot;deluxe king&quot;, which apparently translates to(according to the fire escape floor map) one of four of the smallest rooms on the floor. Technically everything was there that was supposed to be (king bed, desk, easy chair/ottoman), but it left very little room to walk around. For exapmple, the drawers in front of the bed, when open, touch the bed. As I look through the candid traveler photos on here, it appears that some of the rooms in this category may be slightly larger, which is annoying (I believe all rooms in a category should be comparable). The remodeled things in the room are nice, such as an amazing bed that rivals the all the &quot;heavenly&quot; style beds at the big chains, and the massive plasma TV. The accent wall behind the bed also looked recently redone and stylish, and the climate control system was modern and easy to use. However, the room was only half-renovated -- the carpets are clearly 20 years or older, stained and dirty, and the bathroom is one of the sorriest/ugliest ones I've seen at a 4-star hotel in a long time. The pink tile on the floor reminded me of my high school locker room - old, ugly and grotty. The fixtures on the sink and the lighting are very old-school as well. The tub is small, and there was no seperate shower as advertised on the website (I guess they mean it when they say &quot;most&quot; and not &quot;all&quot; rooms). The desk and drawers were pretty large, but also pretty knicked and scratched. Also the &quot;desk chair&quot; is just a regular table chair, very short and stiff and uncomfortable. The lighting was poor and mostly very dated looking. The light on the desk, for example, is a classic late 80's banker's style light that doesn't really illuminate any of the actual desk. The lampshades on the bedside lamps are pretty knicked and torn in places. All in all it's a weird contrast of new (plasma, bed) and old (carpets, bathroom, lighting). It almost seems like they started remodeling and then ran out of money before they finished. A side note: The TV channel selection was very underwhelming - only one premium channel (HBO) and not very many regular ones (15 or so). For such a nice HDTV, I would expect at least one or two HD channels, but no dice.All in all, this property does not hold its own against most of the recently-renovated 4-stars in the Union Square area. Until it gets a more extensive remodel that makes it more consistently 4-star in appearance and amenities, it should only be a last resort if you're looking in that price range.	
Sep 19 2007 	Quiet comfortable and great location.	Great location and view (16th floor) and very, very quiet. Staff was helpful and courteous and room was clean and updated; right down the street for those interested in riding the cable cars. For fans of &quot;Starbucks&quot; there's one connected to the lobby. Cons?: longer than average check-in and $10 fee to use water facilities.	
Sep 17 2007 	Lovely - Concierge double charges for theatre tickets -330 USD instead of 160	Nikko Hotels belong to the Japanese Airline (JAL)POSITIVE FACTSLovely and interesting hotel (mix Japanese - international). Japanese breakfast &amp; restaurant are excellent!! The staff is kind. Central location in the heart of SF, close to Union Square and Chinatown. Rooms are clean. Nice view (if you upgrade to deluxe). They sell very convenient international phone cards in the business center. We stayed for 5 days and enjoyed our staying.NEGATIVE FACTSConcierge charges are not transparent. The concierge double charged us fot theatre tickets (330 USD for two tickets for the musical 'The Jarsey Boys', which would cost 160 USD if we bought them directly at the Curran Theatre, just two blocks away from the hotel). When asked for an explanation, they say they use a brooker.. So I would recommend never to use the concierge to reserve events or tours when staying at the Hotel Nikko in San Francisco.Any extras are unreasonably expensive. A regular double is actually a single room (we needed to upgrade to a deluxe room). Continental Breakfast for two is 50-60 USD. The business center -to use the computer if you do not have your laptop with you- is very expensive (they pre-authorize 65 USD for an internet session!). Only valet parking is available at 45 USD a night! There is a convenient garage just across the street.	
Sep 15 2007 	Will stay at Hotel Nikko again	Stayed at the Hotel Nikko for 3 nights and were more than happy with the experience. We stayed in other hotels for this trip as well, since we were in the area for a total of 9 days (3 nights in wine country then 2 more nights back in SF). In comparing to the other hotels we stayed in, Hotel Nikko beats them by a mile. The bed was SO comfortable and we loved that there were so many pillows. The room was large, as was the bathroom. The water pressure in the shower was really good. Location is awesome for using the public transportation, and you are near lots of shopping options. The next time we are in SF, we will stay at Nikko again.	
Sep 12 2007 	Good well-run but no 'wow factor'	This is a really good hotel. It more than meets the standard of what one would expect from a central City hotel. Really comfortable rooms. The bathroom was a little shabby around the door but I can accept that as being a small effect of ageing.I only give it a three as I didn't get a 'wow' from it. We were on the Nikko floor and while the staff were exceptional every time we encountered them - they picked up on it being the first night of our honeymoon before check-in and gave us a complimentary bottle of sparkling wine - there were a couple of negatives. We paid $10 for the pool and gym, only to discover a 15 metre-long pool which is 3-feet deep at one end and 5-feet at the other. When paying to swim I don't expect to have to vary my strokes to avoid breaking a foot on the bottom of the pool. The breakast was slightly disappointing, only because the cooked breakfast was unnecessarily fatty and there was scope for improvement.I do recommend staying here as it trashes other establishments of its ilk, I'm maybe being a little harsh as I perhaps hoped for a little more from it.	
Sep 7 2007	Fantastic Hotel!	Our first trip to San Francisco was definately made memorable by staying at the Nikko Hotel. It is ideally located in the heart of Union Square. You are within 2 blocks of the Powell Line Cable cars and the largest shopping district in San Fran! The staff was friendly and very helpful throughout our entire stay. The room was very comfortable. We did not stay on a Nikko floor, but had been given a corner room on one of the other floors and had great views of the city. The beds were very comfortable and the TV was definately a plus! There are great restuarants close to the hotel, China town is within 6 blocks walking distance and Fisherman's Wharf (if you can stand the hills) is about a mile walking distance. During the summer, if you have time, go down to the Ferry Building (about 6 blocks from Nikko Hotel) and hang out at the Farmer's Market on Saturday's and Thursday's. We didn't bother getting a rental car, as parking is very expensive across the entire city. If you can, take the BART train from the airport to the Powell Street exit, and purchase at one of the cable car ticket stations a 1 or 3 day transportation pass. It gives you access to all Metro buses, cable car lines, Metro trains and antique cable lines by fisherman's wharf. We would stay at the Nikko Hotel again at any location we visited in the future.	
Sep 5 2007 	loved it	Spent a week's vacation here. Great location, close to major downtown sites. The staff was very helpful and friendly - conceirge, bell staff and front desk. Housekeeping replaced mal-functioning hair dryer within minutes of call. ANZU restaurant serves good food - a bit pricey. Will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 5 2007 	Hotel very comfortable	Stayed at the Nikko for four nights at the end of August, this review is for the Nikko Floor room I stayed in so experience in one of the other floors could be different. The room I had was clean; I found the size of the room to be acceptable. The bed was comfortable although way too many pillows which I had to cram in to the closet so they were out of the way, a small complaint really. The bathroom was a nice size, with a phone next to the toilet that I found to be a bit odd. The plasma TV was nice but there was nothing on to watch, the in-house movie selection was poor but that could be down to there not being many good movies about at the moment. I ended up watching stuff that I had brought with me on my laptop. With the right leads you might be able to hook your laptop up to the TV as there are the right plugs on the side but not sure how that would work, worth a try next time. The wireless internet worked well and I found the speed to be fine. One issue I did have with it though was if you forgot to turn off your wireless connection off on your computer before shutting it down, it effected by laptop when turning back on. Took up to an hour for it to go through the start up options rather than the usual 30-60 seconds. The view I had was not great, but not bad, overlooked the Hilton on the other side of the street, will ask for a better view next time. Room service was quick but the choice on the menu was quite limited and the food from room service was not the best in the world. The breakfast buffet was excellent value, you get a coupon to use if booked in to a Nikko Floor room (the cost of which I am sure is worked in to your rate) but there was an very good choice of food and set you nicely for the day. You can use the mini-bar fridge to store your personal items such as milk or whatever but phone the front desk first to tell them you need to have space in the mini-bar for this so that you are not charged for taking stuff out of it. I just used ice in the ice bucket and kept my carton of milk in that which worked fine, you just have to remember to put new ice in first thing in the morning and then again in the evening. Complaints: Windows did not open, which in other hotels in the area they do, the Hilton over the street where I have stayed before. Quality and choice of food via room service.Wireless connection screwing up my computer if I forgot to turn the connection off before turning off my laptop.Would I stay here again: Yes, and will be next month.	
Sep 2 2007 	fancy hotel	We stayed 4 nights with our 3-years old daughter at the Nikko SF and we were pleased by the facilities, the service and the quality.The pool and fitness center are very confortablen the food (japanese for the most as Nikko is a japanese hotel) was good and the staff nice.It was too fancy for us -we appreciate simplier things- so I think we won't go back, but it's a personal taste :) But for those who like 4 stars, the Nikko is perfect.	
Aug 27 2007	A sad place.	We arrived about 7:30PM on a Monday. No one offered to help with luggage so we trudged up to reception pulling our bags. One of our 2 rooms had water soaked, stained carpet,stained linens, and lots of mildew/mold in a bathroom that looked like it had seen better days. We got moved to a better room, but in general, the hotel is overdue for some major TLC. Even the Nikko floor rooms where we stayed, which are supposed to be larger than the regular rooms, are only about the size of a typical Holiday Inn room anywhere. The restaurant was nice and the concierge was very nice and helpful. In general, the staff was pretty nice. Overall, my family's reaction was that it wasn't a horrible stay, but when we return to SF, we'll definitely try somewhere else.	
Aug 26 2007	My "Go To" Hotel in SFO	Great location near Market Street, Union Square and &quot;Theatre District.&quot; Best indoor swimming pool in the city for short laps. In-and-out parking allowed. Rooms are very comfortable, tastefully decorated and impeccably clean. You get more than you pay for!	
Aug 24 2007 	Fees Fees Fees!!	Ok, so just as an FYI... the charge you so many fees... that might as well charge you for breathing. Please note, I was NOT aware of this before... they charge you $50 a night if you use a debit card to pay for your time in the hotel... please be advise... because if you didn't budget for this... it can really mess you up. Its basically a incidental charge...	
Aug 23 2007 	OK Hotel for the Price	This was my 4th time in San Francisco having stayed at both of the Hiltons on the last two occasions.Check in was quick and easy and we have a corner room. Looking at the map of rooms on the back of the door these appear to be a little smaller than others but do have floor to ground windows so the views are good. Room was clean and bed was very comfortable. The bathrooms are starting to show their age now as are a few of the furnishings (mainly things like mirrors) but overall the rooms are fine for what you pay (we got a good rate through Expedia and did not expect the best rooms having read other reviews).We did use the leisure facilities one to go swimming. A bit of a waist of time swimming as the pool in the shallow end is 2 feet deep and so you hit you knees on the bottom so not really a pool for swimmers.Used the concierge on a number of occasions to find restaurants and found them to be very knowledgeable and helpful.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great conference	Stayed at Hotel Nikko 3 days alone for conference. Booked a petite queen on Hotels.com for an excellent price including transportation from SFO and air. Plasma tv, granite bathroom and a plush comfy bed was more than I needed. Starbucks is inside the building for am coffee and Foleys Pub next door had excellent food. Ate at Foleys twice and walked two blocks to the Cheesecake Factory. Sure there are a lot of homeless, but this is downtown San Fran. The only food available inside the hotel is asian cuisine or Starbucks snacks-but there is a convenience store across the street where you can stock up on drinks and munchies. Now if they would just take out the items in the minifridge so you could store your snacks. Looked for a soda or vending machine and couldn't find one-minifridge prices were outrageous. The conference facilities were nice. Didn't do much sightseeing since I was alone, but a petite queen is more than enough for one to two people.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great stay	Had a great stay on 21st floor. Fantastic views of the city and the bay. Rooms are really well decorated and equipped with large plasma TV and integrated music system.Check in was friendly and efficient.The hotel is in a great location for shopping and sight seeing.The bar in the hotel lacks any warmth, so not worth visiting even for a quick night cap. Breakfast is a choice of American or Japanese.The charge for the pool is ridiculous, and was the only downside to the stay	
Aug 20 2007 	Family Loved it!	Stayed seven nights for our family vacation, wife and I in an imperial room on the 22nd floor with a partial view of SoMa and south SF, and kids in a deluxe room on the 9th floor with a view of the buildings accross the street. The imperial room is more expensive but is roomier, has one of those neat TVs in the bathroom mirror, and stereo sound system. Also comes with the complimentary lounge which serves a continental breakfast in the morning, and wine and cheese in the evening. We also were provided with complimentary vouchers for the breakfast buffet. At the time of our stay, the hotel was switching over to wireless internet, which was included in our room rate, but $10/night for the deluxe room. We used the in-door pool, hot tub and exerise equipment regularly. Also were regulars at the Starbucks inside the hotel.Enjoyed the modern japanese decor and art.All types of transportation right outside the door, and as my wife and daughter may attest, the number of shopping opportunities between Union Square and the Westfield Center is mind boggling.All in all, a great home base for our vacation.	
Aug 19 2007 	Spot on!	We booked this hotel strictly on reviews. I can honestly say that I was not dissatisfied at all. Perfect location to Union Square, shopping and many bus routes, Powell street cable car, Bart station. Many great resturants and coffee houses around. My only complaints are the bathroom was three star in a four star hotel and I feel that you should have free internet access in the room (WiFi was being installed as we were leaving). The staff and the housekeeping were fabulous.	
Aug 18 2007	Nikko the place to stay centrally in San Francisco	We spent four nights at the Nikko San Francisco. This hotel is very centrally located at the bottom of Mason Street, close to Market Street, Powell Street (BART) Station, the Powell Street cable cars, shops and Union Square. Despite all the action at what seemed to be the height of the tourist season this was a quiet hotel.The room we had on the 16th floor was comfortable with a nice view towards Market Street. The bathroom decor was okay but the water pressure in the shower was poor. There was no in room safe, but the reception staff were very helpful with a free safe deposit box. We found the staff to be efficient and friendly. Most of the guests seemed to be tourists from the Asia region and business people.In summary, a comfortable well presented hotel in a great central location.	
Aug 18 2007 	fantastic.	Nikko is brilliant.Great staff on the front desk who were really helpful.Its right near everything too which is great.Lovely views from the rooms.If I ever manage to get back to San Fran. I will stay here again.There is a big problem with homeless people as everyone else says but since Nikko is in a good loctaion its not too bad at all.Beds are a great size and really comfy.Our TV was huge with plenty of channels.Bathroom was very clean and toiletries were really nice.Really loved this hotel.	
Aug 16 2007 	Nickeled-and-dimed to death! Disappointing experience.	I frequently travel to the bay area on business from Seattle. I tried this hotel for the first time for a last minute trip as my usual option wasn't available. I usually stay at nicer B&amp;B's or business type hotels (Courtyards, Starpoints). I won't stay here again.My frustration with this hotel is primarily because I like there was a vacuum cleaner attached to my wallet as soon as I checked in. While my company will pay for extras, I just hate being &quot;padded&quot; all the time for things that should be included in the room rate. I'd rather they charge a higher rate if needed, than use a lower one (~$200 plus/night) to get me in so they can soak me later. What fees? Extra $45/day to park (okay, I guess that's part of being downtown, but still a bit steep); $10/day just to use the treadmill or any part of the gym, $10 day for internet. $6 for the bottle of water by my bed, $18 to use extra bath products placed in my room (shampoo, lotions, etc). When I checked in, I had to quickly shower before going to afternoon meetings...there was only one small bar of soap and small bottle of shampoo, conditioner, lotion in the bath. I used them up later that night after a shower from a run...barely anything left for the morning. I suppose I could call housekeeping for more instead of &quot;buying&quot; the package for $18 that is there out of convenience, but why should I have to go through all that. This level of hotel should stock plenty of bath products complimentary. I felt like a profit center rather than a guest.Another big difficulty was they were switching from ethernet to wifi during my stay. I have to have good internet access for business. 1st day ethernet worked great...next day it was all canceled and the wifi was nearly worthless for the rest of my stay. The switched from ethernet to wifi without a buffer of time during the switch. The internet was completely unavailable for half a day.Room service wouldn't offer anything outside of the limited menu despite the nice Japanese restaurant downstairs. (tried to get a plate of sushi, but could only get rolls)Room was okay but boring...some of the furniture was a bit beat up and carpet worn. The plasma tv was nice but wires were coming out all over the dresser attached to a cd player that looked very unfinished for a nicer hotel. Looked like a student's dorm room.I usually like to use the minibar fridge to store a few things (pops, fruit, milk) but not with this one...it is sensor based and charges as soon as you pick up anythingOn the good side the bed was comfortable, plasma tv nice and bathroom was clean.In my mind, a multi-star hotel has to have more.	
Aug 12 2007	Great Stay	We could not fault this hotel from the location, efficient check in to the quality and comfort of the rooms. The only slight problem we had was the fact that you have to pay $10 a day per adult to use the swimming pool (children are free). For a hotel in the centre of San Francisco it was excellent value for money and we would certainly stay here again on a return visit.	
Jul 31 2007 	Loved It!!!	We stayed at the hotel for 4 days and loved it. We asked for non-smoking, but they gave us a smoking room instead for our first night because they were fully booked. The employee who checked us in said that they would transfer us the next day, but would send up an &quot;ozone machine&quot; and an air freshener just for the night. They moved us the next day, as promised. We just had to get our luggage ready, and the bellhop moved our things while we were out for the day. By the time we got back, we had a new room. Both rooms were clean. We had a great view of the city. The size of the room was substantial. The beds were immaculate &amp; the most comfortable ones I've ever slept in. They had very knowledgeable and helpful concierge. Staff was friendly, valets were nice. Great location. Overall, we'd stay there when we go back to San Francisco.	
Jul 22 2007 	Good location and value	Great location. Very good service. Room on the small size but more than adequate. Doesn't have a lot of bars or restaurants but there are hundreded within an easy walk. Starbucks in the building. Reasonable business service prices. Doesn't have the charm of some of the small boutique hotels but if you are looking for a commerical hotel in a perfect location and at a good price, I highly recommend this property.	
Jul 22 2007 	Nice hotel great location	We stayed at Hotel Nikko for 4 nights in a deluxe King room. First off, I have to say the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in...maybe even more comfortable than my Simmons Beauty Rest! The bed was exactly as shown on their website with all the comfy pillows. The room was clean and I would rate the condition to be a 4star. The room does have air conditioning (many of the older hotels do not!). The bathroom was generally clean also. You can tell that the bathroom will be needing upgrading soon with the bottom of the door scratched and the countertop a little scuffed up, etc. All the staff were friendly and hospitable. We were greeted by each hotel staff in sight. As for the location, it was great! Close enough to Union Square but slightly away from the crowds. It's a very convenient location with Walgreens just around the corner. For those who love Japanese food, hop on the Muni bus #38 just a block from the hotel that will take you straight to Japan Center (Post and Geary)at Japantown and back. Japan Center is basically a collection of Japanese Restaurants in one shopping center. There are many choices.Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would go back to the hotel.	
Jul 17 2007 	Very NIce Hotel Service Needs Some Polishing	We were offered an upgrade to the Nikko Floor at check-in ($60/night offering a larger room with a view, breakfast for two and free Internet). We took the offer.The hotels location is very nearly perfect, very close to Union Sq, yet on a quiet side street. Union Sq. has much improved in the last few years and IMHO a great palce for tourists to stay.The room itself (2103) was very large and nicely furnished in an understated, elegant and vaguely Japanese manner. The view was spectacular. The kind size bed was very comfortable. The bath with seperate shower and bathtub was gigantic. The flat screen TV and stereo were nice touches.Unfortunately the in-room safe was broken and nobody was able to repair it. The CD player in the stereo didn't work properly and radio reception was terrible. But the view made up for that!One day the maid didn't put in enough towels. Neither a call to housekeeping around noon nor to Guest Services around 6:00 p.m. resulted in any towels.The breakfast isn't worth it. The usual spread, cold eggs, no option to order anything from the kitchen. The breakfast staff weren't terribly efficient with refilling coffee etc. There are much better options around Union Square.As for free Internet, there are so many free public WiFi sites around Union Square that we could receive from our room that we didn't really need the hotel's offering.	
Jul 11 2007 	Great location and great stay overall!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Nikko July 4 - July 8. The price on Expedia was a better deal than what the hotel's website was directly offering so I called Nikko and they matched it. Upon arriving we checked in and were immediately helped by the very friendly staff. No lines and it took only a few minutes.Our room was 1523 and yes the room was kind of small but we were never in the room so it didn't matter. The bed was VERY comfortable and the flat screen tv was an added bonus. We didn't have a spectacular view but a hotel room isn't the reason we decided to come to San Fran. The bathroom is on the old side but served it's purpose fine. The only issue we ever had is that they didn't clean our room one day. We even called twice during the day and asked them to come clean it and when we arrived back to our room at 11pm it still hadn't been cleaned. But other than that, no problems.The location is absolutely perfect. Very easy to get to the cable cars and shopping. Taxis are always lined up on the street between the Nikko and the Hilton. We had drinks at Farleys across from Starbucks and First Crush which is on OFarrell and Cyril. Very dark and romantic and very nice service. We sat at the bar and saw a couple get engaged behind us. We never made it to Anzu although we heard it was great. Starbucks every morning and there is always a line but it goes very fast. Check out was very easy b/c we had no problem with our bill and could just check out through the tv. Overall, great stay!	
Jul 8 2007 	In the center of it all but small	My friend and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko for 5 days/4 nights. It is located in Union Square in the main shopping district of San Francisco. It is also near numerous bus lines, especially the F line, which runs down Market Street to Embarcadero.The room and hotel were spotless. It came with a hair dryer, an iron, and mini refrigerator. The concierge was very helpful in guiding us about where to go. One suggestion though--book the Napa &amp; Sonoma tour through guideyou.com so the hotel doesn't make its commission. You'll save $6.The only bad thing I have to say was that the room was small. It was a petite queen. We thought we could upgrade to 2 double beds, but they wanted to charge us an additional $20/night. So we suffered through. We paid $105/night which was not worth the money in my opinion.	
Jul 6 2007 	Pay to use the pool?!?!?!	This hotel seemed like a big rip off to me. You had to pay $10 per person to use the pool or fitness room. We paid and man, were we disappointed. The pool is tiny!!! The jacuzzi was dirty. And the equipment was clustered together to the point where you could rub elbows with the person on the treadmill next to you. And most likely that person would be an unsupervised soaking wet, barefoot kid. I've got nothing wrong with barefoot kids. In fact I like them, but I expect $10 to provide me at least as much entertainment as a good movie....or 10 bottles of Coca Cola. At the Nikko, I was definitely underwhelmed.Our room was nice, comfortable bed and sheets, great view of the city, but other members of my family were less lucky. One of the rooms was so small, you couldn't watch the (GIGANTIC) TV. It was so close as to be blurry. Breakfast at the Anzu restaurant was acceptable. The option of Japanese breakfast was appealing and interesting. The eggs, however, were runny. While the Nikko has a great location, it's surrounded by many other hotels, which offer competitive prices...and don't charge the pool. I recommend the Hilton, St Francis, or the Sir Francis Drake, all exceptional hotels in the same neighborhood.	
Jul 4 2007 	Excellent Hotel Experience	Stayed at the hotel June 29 to July 4 and got there holiday special rate of 170/per night for the Nikko Floor Room. If your thinking about a deluxe room definitely go for the Nikko Floor instead. For 30-40 dollars extra a night you get guaranteed a room on the 20th or 21st floors, slightly larger rooms, a nightly turndown service, and free vouchers for the buffet breakfast every morning at the Anzu. Considering that the buffet breakfast is normally 20 dollars per person, if you have 2 people in your party than you just made up the extra money you spent right there. The buffet breakfast is quite good, when your getting it for free. It has all your usual continental stuff (bagels, pastries, cereal, fruit) and it has sausage, bacon, french toast, eggs, potatoes and a selection of japanese items. Our room on the Nikko Floor was nice with two very comfortable beds (they were either two queens or two kings, im not really sure) a large plasma screen tv (no hd reception) and a large window with a nice view. The bathroom had a standalone shower and a large soaking tub. There was some mold in the standalone shower, but nothing I couldn't live with. The employees were very polite and made our stay even more enjoyable. Overall the Nikko was very nice and we will definitely stay there again.	
Jul 3 2007	Great Stay	The accommodations and staff at this hotel were outstanding. I arrived very early and they placed my luggage in a checked area until a room was available in the afternoon. Upon returning, my luggage had been delivered to my room. The decor and furnishings were very appealing and the bed extremely comfortable. There was a large LCD TV on the wall and the bathroom was quite large with a tub and a separate shower. It is hard to find something to criticize about this establishment.	
Jun 23 2007 	First visit/ Hotel Nikko	Nice hotel about 2 blocks from Union Square. 1 block from Powell line of the cable cars. (get a Muni pass; $18 for 3-day pass vs the $5.00 one-way trip without it.) There's a Starbucks in the lobby and a great Asian style restaurant there, The Anzu, but its expensive. The concierges here were awesome and helpful. Hilda was life saver with reservations for hard to get into restaurants and tours on the fly. Rooms nicely appointed but small. Doubles are larger`than the king rooms. Plasma TVs, great ventilation (no foggy mirrors in bathroom) but there was a mildew problem in both tub areas in the 2 rooms we rented. Overall very clean however. The linens, top of line and plush, comfortable beds and great pillows. No safes or refrigerators in rooms, though. Rooms quiet. They charge $10/day for the health club and pool unless you stay on the club level. (Club Nikko). As with most hotels in SF, parking was $40/day. Some as high as $60/day. Leave the car home. Too hard to get around and park. Use public trans with a pass.You'll thank me later! Overall, loved the city, hated the huge homeless problem. This puts a stain on the whole feel of the city and can't understand why the taxpayers don't press this issue. Very little visible police presence even in tourist areas. This was shameful. For fun, do the night tour at Alcatraz. This was the best and worth the extra. Dress warm, its cold out there. Skip Pier 39 except the sea lions. Visit the Ferry Building. Nice shops and good food. Try the Red Door. Take a ferry to Saulsalito for a few hours or lunch. You'll want to buy a home here! But be prepared, a &quot;fixer upper&quot; will set you back 2-3 million! But what a gorgeous place! It's sunny there with the most awesome views of San Francisco. Had to pry my wife's fingers off the dock railing to get her to go back to the hotel! We wanted to stay there! You can't go to SF and not visit Muir Woods and then do a day in Sonoma and Napa. This was awesome fun. Nice, small, friendly wineries. If you're a &quot;big red&quot; fan you have to try out the Viansa Winery in Sonoma. This is an offshoot of the Sebastianis and tasted some of the best big reds ever! I couldn't drink (or carry) enough! Muir Woods for the redwoods. It was surreal, quiet and majestic. No one was even talking here. It was so peaceful and the ride up was super. If you love nature, you haven't seen anything like this. Deer wandered by as I was snapping a picture of a brook. Remember to dress warm. In June temp was in 50's in the morning and foggy alot of the time. You'll have great food here. Small, restaurants with the freshest ingredients. Most things organic here and you'll pay the price. SF one of most expensive places I have ever visited outside of Hawaii and London.	
Jun 22 2007 	Nice HotelGood Value	We stayed at The Hotel Nikko SF from May31-June 3 2007 when we went to San fran for a friend's wedding.We chose this hotel for the great value it offered.Unlike the previous reviewer who had complaints about the bathroom and overall cleanliness of the room, our room which was on the 6th floor was kept clean at all times.The bed was very comfortable with plenty of pillows and we liked the plasma TV.We had a problem with the plumbing in the tub at one point but as soon as we notified the frontdesk, it was fixed right away.Our room did not include use of the pool and fitness area but when we wanted to take a 30min. swim in the pool and asked the front desk if they would waive the &amp;10 fee, they obliged.Room service menu late night very limited and not freshly prepared but there is a 24hr Indian food rest. across the street which is pretty good from what i've heard.If we go to San Fran again, we would likely stay at the Nikko again.If you plan on renting a car, do not rent at the enterprise located in the hotel it is very expensive, go to the National/Alamo across the street, you'll get a better value	
Jun 21 2007 	Please Run	How to ruin a night in a City I LoveMy girl freind wanted to treat me to a stay in the City. I having haved lived there and been a freguent visitor suggested the Ritz Carlton, which I stay at 2-3 times a year. She had a previous stay which was a positive experinece at this Hotel. She won out, much to her dismay, what a joke for a Hotel that want to decribe it self as a Star Hotel.Booked into a Executive Level room, with a great view, only to find out when we were moved to anther room that it should not have been rented out.Moved to anohter with Mechaincal Problems. Just say Hallways were 10 degerees cooler then our room even with the termostat set at 60 degrees.Leave this short, Hotel offered us a discounted return stay.when you have drink of spoiled Milk do you go back for a 2nd Drink.Dont Waste your Money, SF is wonderful so many Great Restaurants and Hotels this is not one.	
Jun 15 2007 	Nikko Not So Great	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko on our first trip to San Francisco. I seriouly researched a number of hotels on the internet and phoned them for questions. Nikko seemed like the best value for location, size of room, trendiness and price. The location was good. Close to Union Square, public transport, restaurants and shopping. And from the entrance, lobby, and front desk appeared to be nice, clean and modern. Our room was a different story. The size of the room was not bad, considering most hotel rooms in San Francisco seem to be on the small side. I think we had a Delux Queen room. The bathroom was small, fit for really just one person. My biggest complaint was that the bathroom was pretty grungy. As a previous reviewer mentioned, they had what used to be white tile grouting on the bathroom floor and sink, that was so dirty it was dingy dark grey. It made me not want to walk barefoot in the bathroom. You could still see where it was the original white in the corners. We had to ask for extra bathmats to put down to walk barefoot in the bathroom. The tub was also dingy. The carpet gave me the creeps too. Also, each day that the housekeeping staff &quot;cleaned&quot; the bathroom, there were stray hairs left behind in the white sink and tub. They clearly were not from my boyfriend or I, wrong color. I am not super picky, but a clean bathroom is something I would expect from a 4-star hotel. I could live with a not so perfect bathroom if it was at a motel, because at least then I would know I was getting what I paid for. And it rubbed me the wrong way that they wanted guests to pay for extra toiletries left in the bathroom. And you had to pay to use the pool and workout facilities, which is kind of cheap of them. An they were not so great anyway.Our bed was large and comfortable. A few other reviewers had mentioned that they could not get the internet in the room to work. We had the same experience. Complimentary in-room internet access was one of the reasons I chose this hotel, but my boyfriend could not get it to work from his company laptop, which he never has problems with anywhere else. The front desk and IT person they connected him to were no help. We never got it to work. Upon checkout, they attempted to charge us about $40 for mini-bar items, but we hadn't touched a thing. They took the charges off without protest, but there was another customer checking out the same time as us with the same complaint. Overall, it was too expensive for what we got. If the rooms are going to be grubby anyway, I might as well only pay for a Best Western. We will not stay there again. We viewed a room at the W Hotel one night while we were there for dinner, and we would rather pay just a little bit more next time and stay there, where you get your money's worth.	
Jun 12 2007 	Most comfortable beds ever!	We had a deal through a travel agent so the value for money wasnt an issue for us. The views from the room was amazing, the beds were absolute heaven with a ridicolous amount of cushions that you would never use but still happy they were there anyway.The cleaning of our room was done everyday and impeccable. The hotel pool is ok, but the gym equipment abit worn.The only downside i could pick was the reception desk, usually waiting half an hour at the min anytime you were there.	
Jun 8 2007	perfect location	Check in was a breeze. There were about 3 people in the front desk and it was fast and easy.Our room was very clean, simple and bright. Would have wanted complimentary internet access though.We personally enjoyed the flat screen TV.Very close to union square, where all the shopping is?!Concierge, valet and bellhop were very friendly and helpful.Check out was fast.	
Jun 5 2007 	Average hotel	My bf suggested this hotel, and I was not to pleased when we arrived. My mom came to visit on the same day we arrived. Her room was upgraded, I complained to the front desk because our shower had mold, and chipped tiles, very gross. They upgraded our room, and the bathrooms still had problems. My bf came to conclusion that I should pick the hotels. Would not stay there again, although you get what you paid for.	
Jun 4 2007 	Not Worth the Money	From the photos on the website, I was really expecting a wonderful experience, but this hotel has a lot of problems that need to be resolved. First of all our room was tiny! I mean really tiny. For $179 a night I expected that our room would be larger than a walk in closet. Second, they charge you for everything. My boyfriend and I went to the fitness room to soak in the hot tub and were told that we each had to pay $10 per day to use the facilites! I was shocked. Third, we were up late and wanted to order some food, but they offer NO food after 10PM! What was listed on their menu under the title &quot;Late Night Menu&quot; were the following choices 1. Basket of popcorn and 2. Assorted Dorritos with a side of Salsa! After i saw that, I began to wonder if this place really deserved it's 4 star rating. We will never go there again and we will never recommend it to anyone. What was supposed to be a charming weekend in San Francisco, turned out to be no better than a Travel Lodge. And even Travel Lodge doesn't charge you $10 to use the pool!	
Jun 2 2007 	Excellent Hotel and Location	My wife and I stayed at the hotel on our first visit to San Francisco. We are in our mid 20s and the hotel was excellent for the price. The rooms were a little small, but the extremely comfortable beds and flat screen TV more than made up for lost, typically unused floor space. Our room was immaculate, service was exceptional, and the concierge was very helpful.	
May 31 2007	Love the Nikko	This is our second stay at the Nikko and I have to say that I we have stayed in many hotels over the years in this lovely city, but there is no where I would rather stay than the Nikko. The rooms are immaculate, the staff is helpful an non-obtrusive, the beds are like sleeping on a cloud, and the decor is zen-inspired luxury. If you want a clean, quiet, hotel with a great location, you won't go wrong with the Nikko.	
May 27 2007 	Average for the $	As with anything, there are positives and negatives to any stay. Will start with the positives:- comfortable bed, with lots of pillows- closely adjacent to Union Square and Muni/BART/Cable car lines- nearby multiple excellent restaurants (highly recommend New Delhi, Siam Thai, and the Westfield Mall food court - never spent $30 for two food court lunches, but we did here and it was well worth it)- really nice toiletries- comfortable meeting spaces on the third floor, which made for a pleasant conference- in the ground level, a very convenient Enterprise car rental - so we held off on renting a car for the three days of our conference and easily picked one up on the last day for our escape from the cityThe negatives:- really tired decor in the room and bath - our bathroom wall had the paper peeling off and a weird stain next to the toilet, which is not what one expects to see in a higher-end hotel- dinky, dinky room with minimal space for two adults to stretch out - and this was in a &quot;deluxe&quot; room upgrade- $40 a day to park - although down the street we found a $15 a day lot- no lack of mentally ill and/or intoxicated homeless people and frequent panhandling behavior (although on only one occasion did I see any interpersonal violence between folks - but this was on the corner right next to the hotel)- within 2-3 blocks - you're in the Tenderloin, be careful where you see the sightsAnd a neutral:- there were dirty fingerprints on the bathroom door when we got there, but we called to have the area cleaned they came and cleaned it. Overall, it's relative. I think $200 a night is a lot of money for a hotel room, but that's apparently the low end of the going rate for this area, according to a friend who lives in San Fran.	
May 15 2007	Not worth the money	I stayed in Nikko hotel San Francisco in May 2007. It is horrible. The room is very small. and the coffee maker had old coffee packs that were left from previous customers. Very disgusting!!! and the coffee pot is also very dirty. In addition, I made a 7 minutes phone call from San Francisco to LA and they charge me 47.06 dollars!!!!!! I regretted so much that I stayed in this hotel.	
Apr 19 2007 	Great place conveniently located	Having visited San Francisco over a dozen times in the last year (my sister lives in the city), I have been keeping watch for any hotels that may be acceptable for my next visit. I had dined at Anzu in Hotel Nikko and noticed the impressive decor and cleanliness but had figured the prices were no match for my usual go-to accomidations at a 3 star Fisherman's Wharf. When I discovered I had Easter weekend to visit my sister, I did some minor price checking. I found that Hotel Nikko was not only competitive with my usual hotel, but cheaper for a deluxe. I especially its close proximity to the BART as the &quot;other&quot; hotel was in the Wharf.The room was a touch small but the bed so wonderfully comfortable with nice sheets and lots of pillows. The giagantic big screen tv was great and I love that the shower had a detachable head...way more important than nifty upgrades.The only complaint is that the frige had no room for any items I may wish to cool and was so hyper sensitive (as I read in the reviews) that I chose to just leave it be. Overall, I was very happy with my stay and will stay again, especially if arriving via the BART.	
Apr 6 2007 	Better-than-average business-class hotel	What stands out here, as other reviewers have noted, is the comfort of the rooms. A huge bed, with high-quality bedding, and a large flat-screen TV were very welcome. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable too. I was here for a conference, but would happily stay here again with my own money.Only niggles: why can't you open the windows in large American hotels? This is infuriating (and the Nikko certainly isn't alone here). Aircon shouldn't be necessary in San Francisco in winter, yet with sealed windows it is. Some of the rooms have very uninspiring views, but I guess this is standard in downtown.	
Mar 13 2007 	Most comfortable bed i've slept in	Me and my family stayed in San Francisco for 4 nights and enjoyed it very much. The Nikko Hotel is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. There were 4 of us (2 couples) sharing a room with two massive beds and one massive bathroom with a walk-in shower. I would go back to San Francisco just to stay in this Hotel again.	
Mar 7 2007 	Will Come to this Hotel Again	Will defiantly come back to this hotel again. This was our first time to San Francisco and we couldn't have picked a better hotel to stay at. When we checked in we got an up grade to a higher floor but the same room type as we had booked off the Internet and we were not disappointed. When you open the door we have a long hall to walk through before you reach the rest of the room. We had good views of the city and the rooms are very clean, two queen size beds and the bathroom was just as big as the room with the beds. We had a massive shower and a massive bath and sinks. The swimming pool is massive and when we weren't out shopping or sight seeing we were relaxing in the pool.The hotel is situated in the middle of San Francisco with all the shops in walking distance and a tram station at the bottom of the hill so places like Alcatraz are only a small tram ride away.If you are looking for a brilliant hotel to stay in San Francisco then stay here.	
Mar 5 2007	Great Location Unique Features Competitive Rates	The Nikko Hotel sports a great location only a few blocks from the underground metro for quick arrival and departure from the airport. It is around the corner from Union Square, but far enough away to be comparatively quieter. It is literally a skip away from all sorts of good restaurants (try Santorini's across the street for excellent, reasonably priced Mediterranean food and friendly service), bars (a bloody mary or a draught beer for starters at Foley's Irish Pub) and shopping areas. It is not that close to the Tenderloin such that, contrary to what others have written, there is cause to be concerned about homeless people or suspicious types.The front desk people, maids, and concierges are friendly. The lobby is huge and full of marble with the tranquil sounds of running water.The rooms vary from floor to floor, depending on category and location. We always book a deluxe category. We have never been disappointed. I like particularly the floor-to-ceiling windows. Some of the rooms have great CD sound systems built in to the (somewhat dated) furniture with complimentary CD's, new furniture, coffee makers and wet bars (but beware if you move anything in the wetbar/fridge for it will trigger an automatic electronic debit). The bedding, beds and pillows are comfortable. The bathrooms, while humongous, could definitely use some upgrades. I did, in fact, spring once for an updated room with special linens, fluffy robes, breakfast and a funky but entertaining television built into the bathroom mirror, but overall found the decor to be dated and the extra money not well spent.One of the Nikko's unique attributes is the indoor pool and jacuzzi on the fifth floor (specially for you people with kids; beware you people seeking solace) which is attached by an enclosed walkway to a modest gym, which in turn is connected to men's and women's locker facilities and saunas. I have never been charged for the use of these facilities, and would be taken aback were there to be such a charge.The room rates at the Nikko have traditionally varied from season to season and room to room, with promotions offered occasionally, so it pays to keep one's eye out for the best rate. Given the chance to book a deluxe room at or near the rate of $149, I would not hesitate to stay at or recommend the Nikko.	
Mar 2 2007 	Comfortable a bit pricey	The hotel is located very conveniently for access to down town San Francisco - a couple of block from Union Square. Unfortunately quite a few homeless occupy the streets around the hotel and begging becomes annoying.I stayed for only 1 night. The general access areas of the hotel (lobby, bar etc) are really very plush. The room I stayed in was fairly small but very comfortable, good flat panel TV. Couldn't believe they charged extra for internet access! I didn't try any restaurants.	
Feb 20 2007 	Ultra-sleek hotel in San Francisco's Union Square	Pros: -Great location - right in the middle of Union Square -Ultra-sleek, hip decor; lots of marble, water features, Japanese decor, orchids, stone, glass, etc. -Upscale bar with friendly bartenders, Japanese beer and sake -Tastefully-decorated rooms, glass-walled marble shower, plenty of counter space, wall-mounted blow-dryer, etc. -On-site valet parking available -Knowledgeable and friendly concierge - great suggestions for lunch, dinner, entertainment, etc.Cons: -NOT cheap! -depending on the room, some are very small for the price -lots of bums in Union Square; never-ending panhandling	
Feb 6 2007 	Clean Modern Hotel Great location	I stayed here for business for three days (Tues-Fri) in a Nikko Floor room for $178/night on the 21st floor. I was given breakfast vouchers (which I never had time to use) and free internet access. The rate was a special 15% off for a 3 or more day stay. I was working in Oakland and wanted to find a hotel in the city, close to the Bart so I could get to work quickly, and in a lively evening area. Location:The hotel is located in a great spot. It is just a two block walk from the Powell Bart station, a five minute walk. It took me about 20 minutes (4 stops) on the Bart to reach the Oakland 12th Street Bart Station/City Centre. Between the hotel and the Bart I passed by typical stores found in the mall. Urban Outfitters, Aldo shoes, Sephora, Forever 21, etc etc. And the Powell station also has a entrance to the mall where Nordstrom and Bloomingdales resides among other upscale stores. If you're looking for shopping, this is the place. Stores close around 9pm so there is people walking around until late. Scattered around are some restaurants and late night pubs. A three or four blocks away is Union Square with even more shops and restaurants.Hotel Room:I checked in rather early at 8am. The King room I had requested was not ready and they gave me a room with two full beds and said the room would be larger than the King room. Upon entering, there was a small hallway which ended at a mirrored sliding closet. Bearing left and a short hallway, I found a large bathroom on the left, a vanity mirror at the end an the bedroom on the right. The bathroom was huge yet a bit outdated. Not so much that the bathroom was bad, but it certainly didn't match the scale of the rest of the room. The tiles were like high school gym tiles. The tub and shower were separated and the walk in shower was pretty large and glass incased. The bathroom had a little travel pack of toiletries on the first evening. I packed it away but it was never replenished.The vanity mirror was a cool addition. There was a pull out stool and three way mirror. Great for a girl doing her makeup.The room was very modern and despite earlier reviews, the carpet looked new. Keep in mind that the higher level rooms probably were renovated before the regular rooms. The bed was extremely comfortable. There was turndown service every evening and a Nikko chocolate was placed on the bed with a small fortune card. The flat screen TV (I think 42 inches) was on a pivoting stand so that I could turn it and watch from the bathroom in the morning. There was no HD reception but I didn't really care since I barely watched TV. There is also a dated 5 disc cd changer and receiver in the room that pumps out music from a solo speaker in the wall above the speaker system. Doesn't sound great but better than a clock radio at least. The room was directly across from the elevators but I never heard any noise. It might have had to do with the two hallways that I had to pass in the room before getting to the bedroom. When I arrived they were cleaning rooms on the other side of the elevators and those rooms didn't have the hallways, they opened up into the room like typical hotel rooms. I noticed those rooms were King beds only. I had a view of the city buildings and don't know if they have any overlooking the bay.Lobby: The lobby appeared very modern, bright, and clean. I personally like the modern look as oppossed to the lacy and floral decor so it was to my taste. There was a waterfall that ran along the stairs that led down to a Starbucks that was connected to the Nikko lobby.As a female, I was never accosted by any bums around the hotel as others have mentioned. It is obvious though that going in one direction leads to busy streets filled with people, towards the BART, and the other direction leads to darker and more desolate streets.Overall: I would definitely stay here again if the rate was as good as I received. Other recommendations: I have stayed at the Hilton Financial near Chinatown before. That was a great modern, clean and updated hotel with great views of the Coit Tower but it is a decent walk from the BART.	
Jan 23 2007 	A Haven centrally located with a Great Pool	I hesitated because reviews were mixed. Could not have been happier. Central, next to all shopping, boutiques, art galleries, cable car and bus lines (I was traveling with children); FABULOUS pool with skylight and hot jacuzzi (perfect for me and children after touring); really cool bathroom mirrow that turns into a television (Kids transfixed). Stay on the upper floors - -especially one with the contintental breakfast included. Central, but a haven. Much quieter than other choices. Avoid the cold, marble lobby. Warmer, nice bar and restaurant.	
Jan 22 2007 	Ok- great room average bathroom and lobby	The room itself (beds, bedding, TV) were really nice, but the bathroom needs an update. I didn't understand why they have plasma screens, but no HD??? I was there for business, but also stayed for fun. The area was a bit dicey just a few blocks away. The OTHER way was great shopping- although all the same stores I could shop in Chicago. I wish I would have stayed somewhere else, but it wasn't bad for the price.	
Jan 3 2007 	Pleasant overnighter good value.	Stayed one night for a little shopping and dining sojourn into The City from Santa Cruz. Everything was just fine! The large flat panel TV and super-comfy firm, well-made-up bed were a pleasure after a hard day of shopping and dining! The room was quiet and the temperature was never an issue, unlike some places.The room service American-style breakfast was indifferent, and there were no robes provided with the room. Aside from those two off-notes, the whole thing was quite pleasant and a good value.It's easy to BART your way to this hotel, as it's only two blocks from the Powell Street BART/Muni station on Market St. Save tons on SF parking fees and leave your car outside the city at the cheap BART parking lots!	
Dec 18 2006 	Nothing special	My husband and I stayed at the Nikko for a week in early December, while he was attending a conference. The website makes the place look amazing, and I was very excited to be able to use the pool and the workout facilities.We arrived at around 8pm, and had no trouble checking in. Without exception, the staff was very helpful, smiling and gracious. We went to our room on the 8th floor. It was small, but not ridiculously so, although from the floor map it was probably one of the smallest on the floor. The bed was wonderful - very clean, fresh (no bleach smell), and comfortable. The color scheme in the room was neutral, calm and relaxing. The large, flat-panel TV was very cool, although I agree with the other reviewer who said that it should have been high-definition. The rug was stained, and I found a nasty dried-up spider on it, and the room just looked a bit tired in general.The bathroom was a complete disappointment. It was like a Holiday Inn from the '90s. The fixtures were so generic, there was mildew on the tiles, and the floor of the tub was stained. They really should put some money into upgrading the bathrooms. People expect it nowadays.Possibly most disappointing is the fact that no mention was ever made of the $10/day charge to use the pool/gym. I guess it's not a really big deal, it just seems deceptive to me, and I don't like that.This hotel is probably like many others, in that your experience may vary highly depending on what room you get. We got one of the worse rooms in the hotel, and I was not overly impressed. I'm sure the suites are beautiful and spacious, but they're beautiful and spacious in any reputable hotel. I'm more impresssed with hotels who go out of the way to make the experience a pleasure for EVERY guest, not just Lindsay Lohan.Overall, I won't be clamoring to return here. I'm sure there are better hotels in the area. From what I saw of the 2 Marriotts in the area, they looked very nice, and our friends were happy with the Sir Francis Drake.The restaurant downstairs, Anzu, was very good, and we had a nice dinner there. I would recommend it to anyone dining without small children.	
Dec 7 2006 	Hotel Nikko -- Good business class hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Nikko in San Francisco for an extended and very busy work assignment. Our work project was based in the hotel, and we mostly stayed in the hotel. The location seemed central and good (although we did no sight-seeing).The hotel is extremely popular with the Japanese (everyone here seems bilingual, and there are options to have Japanese v-mail on the phone). About half the guests are Japanese. Some fun touches (fortune cards left with turndown service).The rooms are relatively small (I was in room 2024), but fairly well equipped -- flat screen TV (not high def), stereo system (not just radio), nice clock, shower stall and separate bathtub, coffee maker in room, relatively inexpensive minibar. Bed was comfortable. Room seemed a little tired in some ways (tile on bathroom floor aging), but was quite clean and acceptable. There was no bathrobe supplied, and towels were a little scratchy. The bathroom was actually extremely large compared to the room.Lobby may seem sterile to some, but high-tech, sleek, and modern to others. I was in the latter camp.The healthclub on 5th floor is well-equipped. It costs $10 per 24 hour use. There is a lap pool and good equipment.If you get a room on one of the &quot;suite&quot; floors (for which special access with a card is necessary), you have access to a lounge where there is free breakfast, beer/wine in the late afternoon, cookies at night.Service is extremely good and helpful. If you called to have something done, it happened immediately, and the staff was very friendly.This is not the Four Seasons, but you aren't paying for that. It's the equivalent of a good Hilton or Marriott. I found it more stylish and friendly than either of those.	
Nov 24 2006 	I wish I had read the reviews!	I regret that we did not read the reviews before we booked the hotel. I won't make that mistake again.I do not know how the lucky couple got such a nice room on the 19th floor, we had the tiny room with the giant TV also and paid more than they did.Everything was extra, the wireless only worked in the lobby, so if you had a laptop you would have to pay again to use it in your room. I couldn't believe it cost $10.00 more to use the pool.It cost us almost $900 to stay there for 4 days, that included the $40/day parking. We never ate there either. We were extremely disappointed to say the least. With a little research there are much nicer experiences to be had. You live and learn	
Nov 22 2006 	$10 Extra to use the pool?	The room we were in was 100sq feet really small with a huge 36&quot; flat screen TV that would blind us. Love the big TV but it wasn't even high def. The matress had a rubberized plastic cover over it that would make the &quot;sleeping on a wet life raft sound anytime we moved. It also made us sweat all night. The bathrooms still had salmon colored tiles just like grandam's house on floor and wall from the 1970's. But worst of all they wanted an extra $10 to use the pool/workout room. We would not recommend staying there. There are nicer places right across the street that don't charge for pool use.	
Nov 14 2006 	it's ok	like the previous posts say, lobby is vast and sterile. my room was small, but then, i only paid for the gov't rate room so i cant complain. since i got there before checkout, i had to leave my bags and check-in later on, however, it took a LONG time for them to get our bags which was really annoying. anyway, hotel nikko may be overly expensive for what they have to offer.	
Nov 1 2006	Very Nice Stay	We stayed one night this past weekend. Booked a $144 AAA rate via the hotel's website. For that price we had a Deluxe room on the 19th floor with 2 double beds (as we requested) with a nice city view. The room was spacious and included a makeup area. The bathroom was very big, with the seperate tub and shower stall others have described. Traveling with a 4 year old, we used the 5th floor indoor rooftop pool quite a bit. It was warm and relaxing. There was also a hot tub. There are rowing machines and exercise bikes right in the pool area, as well as a seperate well equipped gym room just off of the pool area. The hotel gave us a 2PM checkout which allowed us to enjoy the pool for extra time. We didn't eat at the hotel but the room service menu prices seemed fairly reasonable (at least by city room service prices). The hotel location is convenient, with many other hotels and restaurants on the same blocks just off of Union Square. It was a short one block walk to the Powell St Cable Cars. We had an erroneous $6 charge on our bill. This was easily corrected at checkout. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay again.	
Oct 28 2006 	AYOR	AYOR – my partner and I stayed at the Nikko on Oct 22nd for 4 nights. Upon arrival we had to wait for ½ hour to check in. There were only two people at the front desk. When we got into the room we noticed that there was no safe in the room. After another hour of phone calls and waiting at the front desk we were informed by the Front Desk Assistant Manger Ronald that for our room rate of $175 there were no safes but if we wanted a room with a safe we would have to pay an additional $100, with a big smile as if to say that’s what you get for booking such a cheap room. What a rip off! I called the General Manger Anna Marie the next day to explain what happened. Also mentioned a few other issues like ice build up in the little refrigerator did not leave any room to put anything in it. She thought the issues were very funny and promised to get back to me. Well needless to say that never happened. I just would never stay here again with that attitude from the top down!	
Oct 16 2006 	disappointed	My first impression was a very sterile lobby. We walked through the parking garage to check in. We were on the 19th floor - and the room was very very small which was OK because we did not spend a lot of time there - but very small. I had a hard time getting out of my side of the bed because there was not much room between the bed and wall. We had one bath towel and called and asked for a second towel - but it never came. They cleaned the room at 3:30 the next day at which time we got two towels. There was nothing in the refrigerator - even to pay for and no machines to buy a drink anywhere. For a 4 Star hotel I think I expected a little more. It was not as nice as hotels that I have stayed in in the past. It was centrally located though and I liked that. If i was to go back to San Francisco I would not stay in this hotel.	
Sep 28 2006 	1st Time at the Nikko SF - Excellent!	Stayed at the Nikko for 3 nights to attend a conference. The lobby is very nice and modern looking with white and grey marble. I had a deluxe king room on the 7th floor. Checked in at 10pm and the front desk staff was very courteous and cheerful and checked me in promptly. My room was not huge but I thought it was pretty good for SF. It would comfortably fit two people, maybe three. The bed itself was very comfortable and the linens and comforter were impressive. My room had a 42 inch plasma t.v. which was nice. The bathroom was very clean and had a separate shower and tub. Housekeeping was quick to make up the room each day that I was there and were very friendly when I saw them in the halls. The hotel has an awesome fitness club with treadmills, free weights, weight machines, pool, jacuzzi, sauna and shiatsu massage services if you need it (Masako is the shiatsu lady, very nice to speak with her, she gave me some good suggestions for Japanese restaurants in the hotel and out).Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. It is very close to Union Square, cable car turnaround, SF shopping center.	
Sep 15 2006 	great hotel location watch for erroneous charges	I dont normally write such reviews but I felt I should paint a picture of this onegreat location right next to Union Square and shopping, Starbucks in the lobby open late.friendly relaxed helpful staff on the deskgreat pool/gym area especially for kidstheir only restaurant was a bit expensive and didnt really cater for kids (except for the buffets)- room service we were told was sandwiches only after 11pmwatch out for the automatically charging mini bar - touch anything and its charged to your room (not good when you have kids)room was a good size because I asked for 2 beds but we could see from the floor plan that most of the others on our floor were really small.be sure to check for erroneous charges even after you have left...we arrived unexpectantly late in the early morning as our original flight was cancelled and even though we had paid in full in advance we were charged a &quot;no show fee &quot; of $225 some 10 days afterwards and unbeknown to me.....then had some difficulty contacting accounts to sort it out (11 international phone calls UK to US + various emails over 4 days costing me alot of money) - dont bother leaving voicemail or emailing them as no one ever returns them....I was then told that there had been an error on their web site charges and I hadnt been charged enough for the room!!	
Sep 8 2006 	What a find!	From the moment we made our reservation to when we checked out, it was perfect. Staff was the most polite and most helpful i have ever encountered. They upgraded our room and surprised us with a bottle of champagne. Service was impeccable all araound. Great spa servives too and very close to all great shopping. Great location, great service, great price and a beautiful hotel. Was debating paying more to stay at a 5 star hotel and while we were in SF we checked out Campden Place, unimpressive. Hotel Nikko was an excellent choice and would definitely stay here again. Wait till you see the bathroom!	
Aug 28 2006	Tiny room	I happened to stay at the Nikko, as I was working in SF, and I have to say, although the public areas are extremely pleasant, my room (1828) was despiritingly small. Maybe it was classed as a single room. Not all of them are, if you look at the Fire Escape map on the back of the door, but this room definitely was, which I think goes for rooms on this side of the building. The room was nicely decorated and very clean in a minimalist sort of way, but there was no comfy sofa or place to sit other than on the chair attached to the small writing desk, or on the bed. Access to the full length window was made difficult by the narrowness of the room and the consequent positioning of the TV cabinet, lamp, desk and chair directly in front of it. The bedroom felt oppressively long and narrow. The bathroom was fine. Room Service was extortionate.	
Aug 25 2006 	Thanks For The Promo Rate!	I was all set with a reservation at the Stanford Court at the top of Nob Hill when I received a promo email from the Nikko for &quot;loyal customers&quot;, even though I'd never stayed there before. The rate was $50 cheaper than the Stanford Court, it was closer to the Moscone where I had a conference to attend, so this switch was a no-brainer.The location, being close to Union Square and the Tenderloin, can be a bit dicey for neophytes or those from less urban origins, but I never felt unsafe or uncomfortable. I've also recently stayed at the Parc 55 just a block away, as well as the Mark Hopkins and the Fairmont a number of years ago, so I have some basis for comparison.My room was small but very well done. I'd have to say that the bed was the most comfortable I've ever slept on in a hotel. There was a large flat-screen TV in my room, which was a nice surprise. There was a large dresser with lots of drawer space and drawers that did not stick (a hotel pet peeve of mine).Being at the bottom of the hill rather than than the top as you would've been in either the Mark Hopkins or the Fairmont, the views are not the best. I was also on a lower floor, so I'd imagine that from the higher floors, you'd get some nice views.I used the indoor pool one night and it was a very nice refresher after a long day of work. It's only about 25 yards long and about five feet deep at the deep end, but very well maintained. There is no lifeguard so you're on your own.Being a Japanese chain, I wasn't surprised to find a bathroom fitted with a separate shower and bathtub. If I had a complaint, it would be the low water pressure, which made for a long tub fill time.I had dinner one night at the restaurant downstairs, Anzu.If I could get that great rate every time, I'd stay at the Nikko every time I'm in SF!	
Aug 22 2006 	Oh my sweet sweet love of Nikko	My Step mom just happened to have a work seminar at the Four Seasons Resort. For some reason we decided it would be nice to stay at the Nikko.First I'd like to say... not that I am one, but this is every Otaku's dream! There are handsome asian concierges that speak Japanese, amazing robes. Eh, I forget the technical term. Not Kimono but....Slippers that happened to end up in my luggage which was brought up and down by a handsome Japanese fellow.There is a STARBUCKS connected to it, so poor people who have nothing to do can go hang out and watch the people.Across the street... across the dark homeless-person filled street.... is heaven. There is a Japanese video store that sells $1 mangas and has the best-looking male staff I've ever ever seen. And did I mention it is open 24 hours?I stayed up all night watching the people on the streets below my room, it was amazing. Not sure what floor I had but I ended up seeing some guy pull up at the department store across the street at 3:30 am and left at 5:00 am. Which leaves you to wonder &quot;What the heck was that guy doing?&quot;Then there was the small (Maybe Japanese sized) pool which was awesome and indoors and perfect temperature. It closed early but the Suana and workout center were 24-hours (At least, we were there.. 24.. hours)Oh it was great. Truly great. I am so happy to have experienced it and its right near chinatown and all... Yeesh I cant wait to go back.	
Aug 22 2006 	Fabulous Nikko	Whenever we are in SF, we stay at the Nikko, and have never been disappointed. It's a beautiful hotel with excellent service, in a terrific location. We usually stay in the executive suite, and are very happy with it--it is larger than some apartments I've lived in. The hotel has room service and an excellent, though expensive, restaurant, downstairs.	
Aug 19 2006 	A must stay! Can't praise it enough.	Excellent service, spectacular room, wonderful views, perfect location. Large &quot;Nikko Floor&quot; room, great stereo. I will stay here everytime I visit SFO. Can't praise it enough.	
Aug 18 2006	good place to stay	My sister and I stayed at the Nikko Hotel the week of Aug 5th thru the 12th. The room we stayed in was clean and had a decent view. My only complaint about the room was the plasma tv. The remote control didn't work well so you had to actually get out of bed and point it near the tv. Other then that, the concierge was very helpful and so were the people at the front desk. When we left a note for xtra towels we had them for the next day. This hotel was nearby to the cable cars, theater district, and Chinatown. We had a great time.Judy from Massachusetts	
Aug 16 2006 	Nikko to the Max!	We stayed five nights at the Nikko. Location and noise wise, we prefer it to being right on Union Square. It is closer to the Powell Bart station but sufficiently distant from the Tenderloin nonsense. The deluxe room was clean, very spacious, quiet and good views (18th floor). The air conditioning was modern, efficient and quiet. The bathroom with shower and separate tub was also spacious. The lobby was a bit bland and didn't seem like a great place to hangout. The pool area and services on the fifth floor were awesome. The two corner stores down the block (Mason) are probably the most expensive for wine and bottled water in San Francisco. It is a shame since it is right next to the International youth hostel and other hotels. Buy your wine at Costco and bottled water at one of the many locations of Walgreens.	
Aug 14 2006	Fantastic oasis	We only stayed for one night in the Nikko on the 3rd of August, but will go back as soon as I can. From the moment of check in, it was superb. Ok, our room wasnt ready as we were early, so we left our luggage and went to do somelast minute shopping. On our return we discovered that they had upgraded us to a suite on the 18th floor.A magnificent room, with two rooms, a king size bed in one room, a sofa-bed in the other room, two bathrooms...with these enormous floor to ceiling windows overlooking the bay and city. Sheer magic. The guy who brought up our luggage was so nice and chatty. That evening my husband and I spent some time downstairs having a glass of wine by the piano, with the sound of the little water fountain..this is truly a little oasis of calm in the middle of a big city. I cannot recommend it highly enough. We did not eat in the hotel as we had our two teenage girls with us. Instead we went to the Irish pub right beside the hotel. Food there was excellent.Our room we had booked was $280 which compared to the other hotels we visited on our two week vacation in CA, was very good value considering the excellence of the hotel.	
Aug 14 2006	wonderful hotel	We just stayed at Hotel Nikko last week for 3 nights. It was in the perfect location to great shopping and great restaurants. The rooms were decorated nicely and the beds were VERY comfortable! Also, I found the front desk staff to be quite nice and helpful. The one and only negative that I could possibly say about Nikko is that the prices of the soda, candy, ect. was incorrect in the room and we were charged more on our final bill than we should have been. We brought it up at check-out and they immediately changed it. I also wanted a massage after all that shopping but they only have one person and she was off that day. Maybe they could get a few more people in that department. We travel quite a bit, and I would stay here again for sure! Tip on dining: We absolutely loved Le Colonial located at 20 Cosmo Place (downtown).	
Jul 13 2006	The Nikko was the right choice!	My husband and I visited San Francisco for the first time in early July. The lobby of the Nikko is spacious and attractive. There is ample seating, a waterfall, and a gallery of modern art. The front desk staff was always courteous and helpful. We arrived early - around 11:00. Our room was not available yet, so we took a brief walking tour of Union Square and when we returned (about an hour later), they had prepared it for us. The room was not large, but it was clean and comfortable. The furniture was contemporary. The concierge, although not overly friendly, assisted us several times with arranging tours and dinner, and was always professional. The hotel is located in a convenient location for tourists. The cable cars are only a few blocks away and there many restaurants and shops within walking distance. We always felt relatively safe, although the homeless (who are sometimes quite aggressive) seem to be abundant everywhere in San Francisco. The Nikko has one restaurant, which we only dined at once for breakfast. The food was excellent and the cost competitive (maybe slightly higher) with other breakfast restaurants in the area. The restaurant has an elegant appearance and the servers were attentive. Overall, we had a wonderful time in San Francisco and loved our stay at the Nikko. Despite what is reported in some other reviews, to us the hotel was very clean, modern, and comfortable. I highly recommend it!	
Jun 14 2006	Why the hate? Nikko is Awesome!	I went to the Hotel Nikko for two nights and was completely blown away. Got the parking and breakfast package. Rates were reasonable and I find it's much better to get parking included. It's usually only a few dollars savings but at least you can budget SF's exorbinate parking fees.The first thing that strikes you about the Nikko is the beautiful marble lobby. With its winding staircases and plush seating, it is one of the best lobbies in SF. Far better then comporable hotels such as Serrano and Hilton Financial.We booked the Nikko Floor rooms. The rooms are above average. They are the epitome of four star rooms. Deluxe amenities, oversize bathrooms with seperate shower, luxurious king bed, and wonderful &quot;small touches&quot;. Small touches like a room light (which illuminates the majority of the room) right next to the bed. One touch and your room is all lit up. The rooms have a small honor bar that really utilizes it's space with soda, beer, wine, and snacks. Honor bar prices were very reasonable. Room was very clean as well. Kudos to Housekeeping. The views were very good, with peeks of the Bay Bridge and the water, and a full view of Union Square.Downside to the rooms, like most SF hotels, are the size. It is 420 Square feet, but a significant majority of that was bathroom. Since it was just my girlfriend, I didn't mind this very much, but I could see how a family of four would feel cramped. It would be nice if the armoire was a little smaller. It would make the room feel a bit bigger. The service at the Nikko is top notch. This was the best service I've had yet. Nikko really goes the extra mile for their guests. Even when checking in, there was this incredibly annoying lady in front of us who was complaining about having the Imperial Club Room (a great room from the looks of it). Even though this guest was very rude, the staff did a phenomonal job handling her concerns. Room service dinner was delivered in 15 (!) minutes. Everything in the order was right and the food was spectacular. Even a late night order for Apple Pie was handles flawlessly. The star of our trip was the luxurious breakfast buffet. They had Japanese, Western, and European style breakfast. Plus, it came free with the room! HIGHLY recommended.Couple people I want to mention. Jackie at concierge is fabulous and a real asset to the hotel. The young man at front desk was new but very polished. Looks to be a star.Great hotel, everyone. Try it out, you will not be disappointed.	
Jun 8 2006 	Hair in tub	I originally thought that perhaps it was just my room that wasn't properly cleaned but after reading these reveiws I realize I am not alone. My room had a lot of hairs in the bathtub and on the floor. I was bothered by it but the hotel was booked last minute by my company so I had no choice but to stay there. I see several people had the same dirty bathroom, hair experience I had.. there are better choices in SF especially at that price	
Jun 6 2006	Just "OK"- Read the Pros and cons here	I'm going to just simply list the pros and cons of this hotel.Pros:1) Location, location, location! Right next to Union Square 2) Great Shopping3) Pillowtop mattresses4) Really soft high quality duvet cover5) Great Bath products6) Friendly Staff7) Starbucks in Lobby8) Clean Lobby9) Fast elevators. Never had to wait longer than 30secs.Cons:1) Rooms the size of a shoebox2) My room was on a high floor, but the view was quite depressing. had a view of the pool3) Where's the Plasma TV? Another reviewer wrote about a plasma tv....but all I had was an old school 19inch tube tv. That person got mightly lucky!4) Valet parking is 45.00 (If you are valet parking, review your receipt at the end of your hotel stay. if you have in and out privileges, they still ring you up each time you request for your car to be pulled out) 5) Bathroom tubs were not so immaculate. you can see the mildew.6) Concierge was able to provide decent roadmaps.The Area:An abundance of homeless folks. The area can be a bit shady at night.Had trouble finding decents eats at 11PM, when I checked into the hotel. Everything closes sooo early in CA, so I had to settle for the diner. I guess I am quite spoiled coming from a city that never sleeps!! Here i can find anything at 4AM! Watch out for the convenience/liquor store across the street. A 6 pack of beer that would normally run you 7.00, was well over 11.00!!! Other than that, San Fran is absolutely beautiful..the Views are breathtaking. Hope this info helps!	
May 31 2006	Excellent Staff and Location	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko from May 19 to May 21. When we checked in at 11:00 a.m. we were greeted by a very friendly clerk named Juan. He told us our room was ready and it had been upgraded. The room was good-sized by San Francisco standards, clean and had a nice view. Moreover, we had an excellent stereo that made our time in the room even better.  The hotel's Union Square location in superb. There is also a Starbucks adjacent to the hotel. I highly recommend the Nikko.	
May 30 2006 	Dirty!	My biggest pet peeve when traveling is cleaningliness. As soon as I walked in the bathroom, there was hair all over the toilet, floor even the bed sheets! Debris all over the carpet. As if housekeeping only spent 2 minutes in the room! The only good thing about the hotel was the bed. Very comfortable. A channel guide for the TV would had been nice. Free highspeed internet would had been nice. My company spent too much money here. NOT WORTH IT! For a future stay in SF I think I would stay at the Best Western Tuscan Inn. I had fellow company travelers who stayed there and it seems as they got a better package deal! Clean rooms, excellent breakfast, perfect location....Will not stay here again!	
May 28 2006	Very nice Hotel	Very nice hotel! Very modern and clean. Atrium with pool and whirlpool was wonderful with views of the city skyline. Nice decor and the staff was very, very friendly and helpful. Convenient to everything in San Francisco. We stayed one week.	
May 23 2006 	Worst Hotel Experience in Years!	I typically spend about 7 days a month in 2-3 different hotels all around the world for business purposes. Hotel Nikko in San Francisco is by far one of the overall worst experiences i've had in over 3 years. I called the day before my arrival asking if it would be possible for an early check in and was told it would not be a problem. The next day when I arrived at 11:00 thwey said they had no rooms available and they could give me access to their &quot;spa&quot; for the time being so I could shower and freshen up before my meeting. I asked if i could upgrade or if there was any room open, and she rudely told me i was out of luck. I was given a key and went to the &quot;spa&quot; only to find a shoddy hotel workout room and a defunct key that wouldnt let me into the mens locker room. I went back to the front desk, waited in line for 20 minutes while the whole time the woman who i spoke with saw i was there, got them to re-issue my key, and returned. Once i was finally in, the floor looked as though it hadnt been cleaned in weeks. There was green grime and rust on all of the water handles and spout, typical of something one might see in a County Fair bathroom. 2.5 hours later, I was called on my cell phone from the front desk staff saying my room was available. I returned to the hotel and went to my room. &quot;Welcome to Hell&quot; should have been scrawled on the front door. The carpet looked as though it had been used to store dirt on and the bed was very sloppily made as though i just walked in on someone taking a nap. Seeing as how I could almots span my arms from wall to wall, the room very, very, uncomfortable. The decor belonged in the Brady Bunch, and the matress was probably from the same era. In the bathroom, the toilet ran constantly and there was women's hair plastered to the side of the tub. I knew there were conferences in town and most hotels in the immediate area were all sold out. Otherwise i would have been out of there is a second. I will say however, that the bellstaff here is very friendly and accomodating. I would not recommend this hotel to anybody, unless of course you're looking to be disgusted and repulsed.	
May 20 2006	great deal great hotel	we booked our vacation through travelocity and got a really great deal at the hotel nikko. We weren't quite sure what to expect and were very pleasantly surprised. Beautiful lobby, beautiful room. The staff was very pleasant and friendly. We received the king size bed we requested and room was a bit small, but the bathroom was large and closet and armoire was good for storing our things. We were on the ninth floor and had a decent view of powell street and Macy's, but for the most part things were quiet. We rarely heard other people and only minimal street noise, never bothered us sleeping. There is a Starbucks downstairs at the lobby. We would definitely stay here again, especially if we had a good deal. Location at Union Square is definitely the way to go - just 3-5 minute walk to powell street and the square, and 2 blocks from market street and muni station.	
May 15 2006	Better	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel a few years back. The rooms felt small and cramped. This time however, the room was quite a bit larger, the bathroom was large with a tub and a separate shower stall. I like the toiletries provided. I believe they are of high quality due to the fact that I have tried to purchase them on the Gilchrist and Soames website and have done some research on these products. The staff were friendly and efficient except for not replacing the handtowel and shampoo in the bathroom. When we called housekeeping they immediately brought some up to our room. The hotel was quiet, the rooms a little worn. The location of the hotel is great.	
May 7 2006	Perfect Hotel for a Weekend in the City	I recommend this hotel as an excellent mid-range, full-service hotel. We asked for a high floor and were given a nice room on the 17th floor with a wonderful view of the city. Our room was simple, yet adequate in furnishings, very clean and very quiet. All service was courteous and prompt. Although all the rooms on our floor were occupied, we never saw or heard any other guests on our floor during our entire three night stay.We enjoyed the complimentary fitness center on the fifth floor, complete with a glass-roof swimming pool and jacuzzi area. The locker rooms also had a sauna and a soaking tub. The location is ideal. Only a couple of blocks to the Market Street streetcars, Union Square or to the cable cars.The only reason this hotel doesn't get an &quot;excellent&quot; rating from me is that it isn't perfect, yet it is still a nice hotel. Tthe rooms are slightly tired looking. For example, the carpet is a little threadbare in places, the towels are not the highest quality, the t.v. is a little smaller than what most modern four star hotel rooms have, toiletry items are not highest quality. These are not really complaints, however, just an explanation as to why I didn't give this fine hotel the highest rating possible. This hotel is a very good value, we enjoyed it and will definitely stay here again.	
May 2 2006	Perfect location! Amazing stay!	We stayed at the Nikko from April 28 - 30. This hotel is in the perfect location. Everything was within a few blocks walking distance, and it was easy to find so we didn't worry about getting lost. I expected a very pretty hotel from all of the pictures and I wasn't disappointed, extremely nice. I've seen on previous reviews that travellers said they felt the hotel wasn't very &quot;home-y&quot; and the staff wasn't very cordial. I don't expect a hotel to feel like home and I was actually relieved to see that the staff doesn't bug by being in your face all the time. When we needed help or had a question the staff was more than happy to help us, with excellent service, but other than that they let us enjoy our stay without being bothered. One thing...maid service didn't turn the beds down and we had to ask for extra towels, as there was only one in the bathroom.The room wasn't olympic sized, but it's the perfect size for two people. We had ample room for our luggage and such and we never felt cramped. We were on the 18th floor, but unfortunately our view was of the hotel across the street. I didn't go to San Fran to gaze out the hotel window anyway : ) Concierge lady was extremely helpful and the cute little lady in the gift shop was sooo nice.We loved our stay at this hotel and will definitely be returning. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in San Francisco due to the Nikko's location and such a good price for an amazing hotel.	
Apr 22 2006	Fabulous	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko, SF during Easter weekend. We arrived after our scheduled check-in time as our flight was delayed. When we arrived, the front desk staff informed us that they did not have a Deluxe room available for us. They put us in an Executive Suite on the 19th floor for the night. The view of the city was amazing. When we called down to the front desk the next morning to find out when we would be moved, they informed us that were welcome to stay in the suite for the remainder of our stay (2 more nights). They hotel was extremely clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Jackie at the Conceirge Desk was excellent. She knew the city well and was able to answer all of our questions and point us in the right direction every time. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Fransico. The hotel is a bit older, but the decor is simple and elegant and the location is fantastic. Five stars for Hotel Nikko.	
Feb 3 2006	Ideal Location Great Value	I found the Nikko on-line while specifically searching for hotels close to Union Square with an indoor swimming pool for my son to practice. The photos of the Nikko looked nice, and the location and price were right, so I booked it. We were very pleased with the service. The bellhop, doorman and front desk were all very friendly and accommodating. Our room was decent sized for a big-city hotel and the bathroom was oversized which my wife loved. The location is ideal. It is just a short walk to Union Square and very convenient to just about everything else with the trolley and bus line only two blocks away. Our son LOVED the enclosed rooftop pool and it wasn't crowded at all, in fact on two nights we were the only ones up there. We ate in the restaurant twice and found the food and service to be very good. Our waitress and the chef were especially accommodating when our son ordered something that wasn't on the menu. The only problem we ever encountered was the long queue for catching cabs in front of the hotel. We found we were better off to hail one on our own around the corner than wait for the bellhop to try and whistle one down. We loved the Nikko and will stay there again the next time we visit San Francisco.	
Jan 20 2006	Nice hotel in need of a makeover	Had an opportunity to get away to San Francisco for a few days. I have stayed in this hotel in the past and enjoyed it immensely, so I was looking forward to a return visit.With a rainy January predicted, I looked specifically for a downtown hotel with an indoor pool. The only matches I could find were this hotel, Courtyard by Marriott, and the Palace. Of the three, this one is the most conveniently located to Union Square.Since my last visit, while this hotel is still nice, it is in need of some upgrading. I noticed areas of the room that could benefit from a fresh coat of paint. The mattresses are a bit soft. I personally prefer a firmer mattress. It is a pillow top that is just a bit soft for my tastes. The entertainment center could use a replacement, with space for a larger television. It's been a while since I've stayed in a hotel of this caliber with only a 19&quot; television.Because we booked this place specifically for the pool, our kids had a great time. The pool does seem to have some issues with temperature, though. The first night, the pool needed some warming up. The other days it was fine. The hot tub ranged from lukewarm to very hot. Some fine tuning on the spa temperature would be great. The sauna was in working condition, but there was this big bath in the locker room that I think is meant to be large Japanese-style communal bath that was non-functional. There is a room in the locker room called a kamaburo that I think is supposed to be a warm moist sauna, but either it wasn't working, or it's meant to be something else. It looks just like a room with rocks and a plank slab to lay on in a room that isn't particularly warm.If I had to do it over again, I would have probably selected one of the other hotels. The Courtyard is rated higher, but is in a more inconvenient location. The Palace is relatively conveniently located, but also more expensive. I just hope that Hotel Nikko gets a much needed upgrade because it could clearly be the best choice with a little work.	
Jan 3 2006	Boring Choice	This hotel has zero charm and ambiance. The location is very good if you want to be near Union Square but that's about it. You can get a room for under $100 here on Hotwire but it is tiny. You'll need to pay at least another $20 a night to get a room big enough to move around in. Forget paying $45 to park at the hotel; right across the street there is public parking for $28 a day.	
Jan 2 2006	A Very Expensive "Deal"	We booked this hotel over Hotwire and thought we had a good deal. Ha! Once we had upgraded to a room that was a little larger than the one queen bed crammed inside it and paid for valet parking we had doubled the cost of our stay. Nothing is complimentary at Hotel Nikko beyond the shampoo and towels. We had hoped for adjoining rooms but no dice. We were lucky to be next door to our kids.The concierge and staff were helpful and the bellhop staff stood out as especially friendly.The one big perk that this place offers is the really nice indoor pool and hot tub. Maybe we'll stay there again but we'll know to expect the added expense.	
Jan 1 2006	ruined our new year's night	When our friends had rented the room, we were told that the registered key holders were allowed to bring in guests to the hotel, as long as we were together. We had been partying in the hotel room, but went out to watch the fireworks at Embarcadero at midnight. When we returned, the security guard told us that they could only bring one guest up per registered key holder. We had 5 unregistered guests with us. They were throroughly unwilling to work with us, and did not even allow us to go up to grab things that we had left in the room! All this time, no less, other guests were streaming in, with no one checking that they had a key. When we brought that up, security personnel were very rude, telling us that if we didnt' like the rules, we didn't have to stay there. If we hadn't have already paid for the room, we would have happily left. Because we continued to question why the policy had changed, instead of talking to us and coming to an agreement, they called the cops on us. Me, a teacher, arrested for arguing with security? That is ludicrous! I think they realized that too, because when the cops arrived, the security said that the issue had been resolved, when in fact, nothing had been resolved. This is by far the worst experience I've had at a hotel. When I asked the secrity guard where I would file a complaint to, he told me &quot;you can complain to whoever you want.&quot; I will never return there again.	
Dec 15 2005	underrated for sure.	While searching for a hotel in San Francisco in December I was shocked at how many very expensive hotels did not have an indoor pool?! The indoor pool at the Nikko was great and was glass enclosed to allow a view of the city. Why is this never mentioned? The rooms are small, but the expected amenities are there: real in room European roast coffee, plenty of linen etc. The staff were almost too understated, and certainly not obsequious but never rude or unhelpful. The hotel is literally surrounded by great restaurants at every price level;and of course, Starbucks. Finally, Wireless access through out a gorgeous 2 story lobby and free internet access in the rooms. Very quiet hotel which matters a lot to this traveler. The hotel rooms probably should have the carpets changed and the plumbing is unenthusiastic but acceptable. Room service was lightning fast and not completely ridiculous with the prices. An easy improvement would be a robe in the room. Some of the deficiencies would have felt different if we paid more than $160. In all the hotel met our needs but make sure to get the best price!	
Nov 19 2005	At least they had a Starbucks...	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko for a week, at the beginning of November. Overall, the experience was incredibly...average (if not a little below average). The room, although having an incredible view, was definitely showing some wear and the bathroom was...well, a little dodgy. There's no free internet access, which I find pretty unusual since it's a business-friendly hotel (we paid 9.99 a day to have it in our room). On the upside, the location of the hotel is convenient and there is a Starbucks downstairs. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to friends, nor will we return.	
Nov 8 2005	You can do better...	Great location, but that's about it. Hotel rooms are very nice, but beginning to show their age. The thermostat in our room did not work and we were uncomfortably warm (couldn't sleep) for 4 nights. Thermostat was set at 64 deg and room was 74 deg when we woke up. Reported the problem to the front desk on day 2. Returned to the room only to find the thermostat set to 60 deg, but the room was still warm. They never did address the problem, only told us 'sorry' when we checked out. There are better choices around Union Sq anyway, no reason to go back to the Nikko.	
Oct 19 2005	No More Nikko	My husband and I met up with a friend in SanFran, who flew in from London. We booked the Nikko as part of a vacation package and were excited to stay in a 4 star hotel. The location is good, located right off of Union Square. Although initial appearances of the hotel seemed nice, upon closer inspection it seemed considerably worn around the edges. The carpets were filthyand everything had a cheesy sort of dingyness to it. Upon check-in, the front desk oozed a kind of insincere niceness that made my skin crawl. We asked for an upgrade (stating we'd pay the difference) in order to allow our friend to stay with us, or alternatively another room for him. She coldly quoted us over $300 for his additional room, would not offer the upgrade (except at a charge of more than $250), and would not supply a roll away cot in order to include him in our room, stating that the room was too small. She was NOT kidding. This was, without a doubt THE smallest hotel room I have EVER seen. There was barely enough room to turn around in it. This room regularly books for close to $300! Thank GOD I got it as part of a package. As far as a view, we stayed on the 22nd floor and had another hi-rise hotel to stare at. I will say that the gentlemen who helped us with our luggage and helped with arranging transportation were genuinely nice and helpful.	
Oct 17 2005	Very enjoyable stay	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko in San Fran Oct. 13-16. In San Fran for an extended weekend of sight-seeing and R&amp;R. I was a little hesitant, however, after reading some of the negative reviews on this forum. We were greeted courteously at the check-in....room was ready to go. By the way, the lobby is absolutely stunning, with the beautiful mixture of cool marble, fountains, and funky fabric lamps. We had a room on the 21st floor, the Nikko Floor. Worth the upgrade. Room was spotless, view was great, big bathroom with glass-sided shower and full tub. Mind you, it's not a huge room, but very comfortable for our stay. Daily buffet breakfast also came with this room. Bed was king-size, very comfortable, super-soft linens. Housekeeping was phenomenal. She kept us fully stocked on their great little citrus shampoos and tea-infused soaps (great!), and Wolfgang Puck coffee. Nice touch with the turn-down service as well. This hotel was completely quiet. We had no idea if there was anyone next to us at all. Slept great every night. Room also has a fully stocked mini-fridge: beer, pop, candy, chips, you name it. Now back to the breakfast buffet....we had excellent service there every morning. People were so very friendly. Fresh fruit, eggs, breakfast meats, too many things to mention. All was fantastic. At no time during our stay here did we encounter any type of rudeness from staff. Just didn't happen. In fact, it was just the opposite. Pool and jacuzzi were also great. Never a crowd, felt like we had the whole place to ourselves. The location of the hotel couldn't be better. We walked everywhere. Bring good shoes, however! Great restaurants steps away. Yes, there are beggars and street people right outside the hotel, but you will find that in most any metropolitan area of this size. If it's offensive, then this probably won't be the city for you to visit. Back to restaurants, there's a great little Thai place just down the street called the &quot;King of Thai Noodle&quot;. Cheap, great food. All in all, a great trip to San Francisco. If and when we ever come back, will definitely stay the the Nikko again. Could not have been better.	
Oct 6 2005	Excellent Choice!	We stayed 3 nights in Room 2310 (2 double beds - large room), went to Napa Valley for a couple of days and returned to a room on the 24th floor (king bed a little smaller room). These floors are part of the &quot;imperial Club&quot; or executive level and are well worth the $260/night deal I found - included free breakfast in reception room on 23rd floor, wine from 5-6 pm, and cookies and soft drinks left out until around 11 pm - this room also has 3 computers available for free use as well as shelves of books to use. They had recently been remodeled and are very impressive with large flat screen tv and even a small flat screen tv in the bathroom mirror - not many channels though. The bathroom is huge with walk-in shower and separate tub with shower handle. Another unique feature is each room has a doorbell - the inside unit is part of the thermostat control and it has buttons for &quot;do not disturb&quot; or &quot;Please clean room&quot;. Another featture I'd never seen and I don't know how it works but as soon as you take something from the 'fridge it is charged to your bill - the 'fridge is stocked with lots of great stuff - including a disposable camera! - but be sure you want it before you remove it!! They have all the other things you'd expect for this price: robes, nice towels, plenty of lighting (oh and dimmers on almost all the lights), even wine glasses! This is a great hotel for Japanese as everything is written in both Japanese and English and alot of the staff speak Japanese.. We were impressed! and speaking of impressive have drinks at the bar/restaurant at the top of the Hilton next door for great views!!	
Oct 4 2005	Not Impressed	Due to a scheduled trip to Nappa we needed to stay in 3 different San Fancisco hotels over a week and a half. The Nikko was our final stop for 2 days, and was to be the highlight hotel of the trip. We were disapointed. When we arrived we found, and this is no exageration, that the sheets on the bed were dirty. Calling room service to change the sheets met with a friendly response but after an hour our return call to housekeeping informed us they never recieved the request. After calling the front desk we were told to contact the housekeeping manager. When we called we were told he was at dinner and they would call back. After another 45 minutes we called again, explaining that all we needed were sheets and we were happy to put them on ouselves. The sheets arrived 30 minutes later, and although the housekeeping manager did come up personally to appologize it seemed below the Nikko's reputation. Small room, stain in tub, cracked door to bathroom. We stayed in cheaper and nicer hotels earlier in the week. We won't return to Nikko next trip.	
Oct 4 2005 	showing some wear	We stayed here for a conference at the Moscone Center. The hotel is in a great location about 12 minutes walking distance to the Moscone Center and just about 2 blocks from Union Square. The parking is about $45/day. The staff was friendly. The front desk clerk advised me I had been put in a very nice room on the 12th floor. It was clean and small as expected but not as small as some in NYC. It had a king bed which was very firm and my wife thought she could feel every spring. It sloped to the side near the television indicating its age. The linens were old and worn including sheets and bedspread. The pillows were thin. The towels were like white gym towels. The fax machine made noises at odd hours when it was not being used. The cooling system seemed to operate no matter what we did to the thermostat. The rooms were very quiet and we heard only a thump or two from next door at any time during our 5 day stay. The concierge was excellent, making good restaurant recommendations. I would stay here again but it would not be my first choice.	
Sep 26 2005 	fallen on hard times	My wife and I had heard good things about Hotel Nikko and were excited for our stay. Upon arrival, we found, not the suite we had booked but a single room. In addition to the crib we had asked for, a roll-away bed took up the remaining floor space in the small room. We couldn't get out of the entry hall. Calling to the desk we were told this was the room we had reserved. At that point we asked for the roll-away to be removed, figuring we would be in the room very little anyway. Two hours later, hotel staff arrived to remove the bed. The room itself was disappointing, with what should have been a nice view of downtown ruined by a very dirty window. Additionally, the veneer had peeled off the entertainment unit front, making it look very run down. Throughout our stay, our window never got cleaned (with daily requests to do so). The bathroom towels were as thin as those at Motel 6. Room service was slow. When any issue was brought to management's attention, they showed tremendous indifference. For a hotel with rates in the $250-$350 a night range this is unacceptable. The only positive was the breakfast served in Anzu, very well done with attentive and friendly staff.There are many very nice hotels in San Francisco. Do not go to Hotel Nikko, it no longer is one of them.	
Sep 25 2005	Nikko = ick-o	We stayed at the Hotel Nikko over the weekend of Sept. 24 &amp; 25. First impressions were good - nice lobby &amp; lounge area, clean looking, nice waterfall, chic and modern. Check in was pretty simple, and we optimistically headed up to our room - 8th floor, so a bit lower than we'd have liked.To begin with, the room was small.... the smallest we've ever stayed in. It was so small, that I called the front desk to make sure we did indeed get the 'deluxe' room. Anything below that could easily be called the 'closet' room. The whole room, including bathroom, was maybe 300 sq. ft, and that's probably being generous. They must like things to be small. There's a huge armoir at the foot of the bed, with the TV cabinet doors closed. Big enough to fit at least a 32&quot; TV, so I'm thinking 'cool, good size TV'. I opened the doors to find a 19&quot; TV in there, dwarfed by the massive cabinet it sat in!The bed was thoroughly mediocre. A king size bed, but a bit on the stiff side. The pillows were small, not very fluffy, and the sheets were white and just, well, plain. Not really rough, not really soft. Kind of Motel 6-ish.The biggest complaint was that the room was too grubby. Stains on the carpet, chipped paint on the doors and door frames, peeling wallpaper in corners of the bathroom. They made the mistake of using white tile grout in the bathroom floor, so all of the grout in the middle of the room was a dirty grey color. If you're going to use white grout, you're going to have to clean it! Same with the bottom of the tub - looked like lots of people have used it since it was cleaned. The shower was more like a greenhouse mister than a shower, thanks to the low water pressure and the shower head.Overall, we had high expectations, given the rating as a 4-star. No way. No way, not even close. Mediocre 3-star at best.Not to be completely negative, the location was good, near Union Square, with lots of good restaurants within a couple of blocks (which means short walks in the cold weather, and only a few homeless people to dodge).The one thing about all of this is that we booked the room through Travelocity, not through the hotel directly, so we got a great room rate. I can't help but wonder if we would've been in a better room on a higher floor if we'd booked directly with them. But, we'll never know, as we won't be going back to the Hotel Nikko, regardless of how we book it.	
Sep 21 2005 	Terrible. Period.	I am a very reasonable and tolerant person, but my stay at the Hotel Nikko was miserable. My room was not ready at 2pm the day of checkin, and i had to wait 2 hours for the room to be ready. When I got to my room, the bathroom had an odor to it which i could not quite place. This was not aided by the clearly uncleaned bathroom table surface. On to the room. As I was in town for a conference, I needed a phone and and Internet connection, a simple requirement for a hotel of this price range. The cordless phone did not work. The speakerphone, which I had to resort to, was similarly useless, as the party on the other end could barely hear me speak. My Internet connection, also, did not work. I am an ex-IT consultant, so doing every conceivable basic troubleshooting step was my first step. None worked. When calling to the front desk, they advised me to use my (broken) phone to call an outsourced company (in Utah, no joke) to fix my clearly local problem. After 30 minutes on hold, they told me they'd have to call me back, as their techs are all busy.I call the front desk, tell them I am leaving for dinner, and that they have my permission to enter my room if needed to fix the issue, as I absolutely needed to upload my work ASAP. 6 hours later, I return to my room to find the problem exactly as before, and no voicemail (indicating that the tech support company in Utah did not return my call). I call again. 15 minutes on hold. The tech does 6 resets to their equipment, the problem was still not solved.Naturally, I called the front desk to complain, seeing as it is now 11pm. Instead of fixing the problem, the manager said to &quot;wait until tomorrow morning at 7 when the business center opens&quot;. Seeing as my work needed to be uploaded 6 hours ago when I first brought the issue to their attention, this was quite unacceptable. The manager refused to move me to another room, refused to do anything to fix the problem, saying that I was the only person in the hotel to be complaining of such issues, and proceeded to hang up on me. I don't know what model of customer service Hotel Nikko was built on, but I'm pretty sure I will never stay there again. You've been warned.	
Sep 7 2005	Awesome hotel with a chic vibe!	Stayed here on a $85 priceline bid and loved it!Location: AWESOME! Like 2 blocks from Union Square and Market Street. I feel that is it better to stay a few blocks off of Union Square because there is less noise and tourists.Lobby: Very chic with subtle Japanese touches. Lost of white marbe with brass accents and a cool fountain that runs down the stairs. Plenty of plush seating and the hotel has its own modern art galley off the lobby.Checkin: The desk staff was pleastant, but not overly friendly. No mention of Priceline and we recieved 2 rooms with 2 double beds, non smoking (as requested)Elevators: Quick! Never had to wait more than 1 minute for an elevator ever during by 3 night stay which is unheard of in a big city hotel. Rooms: Our room was average but nice and inviting. I'm pretty sure they give Priceliners the rooms that need servicing. Ours was nice, but not that clean (there was red candy embedded in the carpet and a VERY dusty air duct in the bathroom). After a few calls to housekeeping things were finally taken care of to my satisfaction. The beds are not the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in (try the Hilton SF for amazing beds!) but they were decent and had good quality linens. A desk with a fax machine and telephone, coffee maker, mini bar, and cable TV included. our view was just of the hotel next door, but the wall to wall windows gave excellent sunlight. Oh, and keep in mind that this hotel uses digital do not disturb signs. There is a panel outside your room that will light up when actived inside the room.Bathrooms: AMAZING and HUGE! The bathroom was easily 1/3 the size of the sleeping area of our room. Seperate glassed in shower and bath, plus a wide marble vanity were great. Everything seemed a bit dated but it was all very clean. Towels are big and plush, we had plenty. The toilitries are not what you would expect from a hotel of this caliber, and were just average.Pool: It was awesome to have a pool in a hotel in SF, this almost never happens! The pool was small but clean. I avoided the hot tub as always because those things are swimming with bacteria and who knows what. The tanning booth was out of order to my dismay. Be sure to check out their poolside balcony for a great view.Fitness Center: Small but plenty of equipement and towels. Free for us, I don't think they charge people anymore even though it says they do in the guest book. The locker rooms were nice and had saunas (but no steam rooms) and were pretty clean.TIP!!!! The hotel would like you to pay $10+ per day for internet; however, if you bring your laptop (with wireless card) you can pick up the free signal from neighboring hotels like the Kimpton properties and the Hilton. Additionally, you can walk to the Apple store 2 blocks away. They have a lounge upstairs where people chill out and use their laptops.Oh, and there is a Starbucks on site which is mad busy in the mornings. Avoid it and go elsewhere. I'd reccomend this place, I hope you all enjoy your stays and happy travels!	
Aug 31 2005	Ideal for a first time visit to San Francisco	Stayed in the Hotel Nikko in mid-August and arrived after a morning flight at 12:30. Taxi from airport cost $36. &quot;Was our room ready for early occupation?&quot; &quot;Naturally!&quot;. The room was on the 17th floor and the elevators were very efficient. the room was super clean, but the view looked out on to clouds. The Hotel is right next to the the turn around for two cable car lines and 200 yards from Union Square. Apart from the tens of beggars around the place, this appeared to be a very safe neighbourhood and was in easy walking distance of many bars restaurants and shops. The staff were great, but a little reserved compared to every other Californian we met. Town car back to airport cost $40, the driver was the most chatty employee of the hotel. Check in and check out - so easy.	
Aug 6 2005	will go again	We stayed there for 2 nights. it was awesome. the location was great, very convenient to go shopping and access transportation. Service was fine, the staffs were all very friendly. the room was awesome. we got a 2-double-bed room. It was spacious, very very clean and bright! we stayed in the Hyatt Regency (Embarcadero) (also 2-double-bed room) for 5 nights before moving to Nikko, and maybe that's why i have this great impression when i first entered our room at Nikko. The bathroom is very tidy and bright and spacious (especially compared to that in Hyatt) which is really important to me. the only thing i would complain is the TV is a bit too small. it's great and the price was awesome. i would like to stay there again.	
Jul 23 2005	Average Hotel in a Wonderful City	Upon my arrival at 3:00 p.m., for a five-day stay, I was told my room would not be availble until 8:30 p.m., because of a delayed flight. The registration staff insisted there was no way to provide me a room, despite the fact they had been aware of my arrival for three months through a pre-paid Expedia deal. I was given complimentary passes for breakfast and the VIP lounge as compensation. The Anzu restaurant is quite good, the swimming pool/fitness area is first-rate, and the Union Square area is ideal. The staff is generally friendly; however, they forgot to make up my room one day. The front desk staff seemed puzzled that this was an issue for me. The room was very plain, no fancy toiletries, and to my surprise, they still make 18-inch television monitors (the oversized stand really emphasized the smallness of the television). This is not a bad hotel, but in a city like San Francisco, there are many better choices.	
Jul 23 2005	BAD SERVICE ALL AROUND	I was on my honeymoon this past week. I thought Hotel Nikko would be perfect for us, a sleek modern Japanesque setting. I was totally disappointed. The room was filthy, and there was no hot water. The hotel management was no help at all. We decided to call up the Four seasons and they were amazing. There was only a $100 difference per night. It was well worth it.....	
Jul 20 2005	Ups and Downs in San Francisco	I stayed at the Hotel Nikko in San Francisco with my wife from July 17 - 19. I chose the Nikko specifically because I we were married at a Hotel Nikko in Japan and we were celebrating our anniversary. The stay started out somewhat unpleasantly as the front desk staff at arrival were unfriendly. As we approached the front desk to check in, the man behind the counter looked at us angrily and said, &quot;uh uh uh&quot; and motioned that we could not come any closer to the counter because he was in the middle of something else. It reminded me of past encounters with customs or other government officials who requested I stay behind the yellow line. My wife whispered to me, &quot;we can't even go near the front desk?&quot; Finally, we were allowed to check in. The person that checked us in behaved somewhat arrogantly and condescendingly. When I started to explain that we had requested a room upgrade using our Japan Airlines miles, he snapped, &quot;I know that sir, now if you will just be quiet I will work on finding you a room. Because you realize sir that it is only one-thirty in the afternoon and our check-in time is three o'clock, so you will be lucky if I can find you a room at all.&quot; Needless to say, my initial impression was not positive. We took the elevator up to our room on the 20th floor. We had upgraded from a Petite Queen to a Deluxe room for a few dollars per night and then used our miles to upgrade to a Junior Suite. The room was spectacular and when we arrived there was a bottle of champagne and a card from the management wishing us a happy anniversary! The facilities were all above average. The room was very clean and in good condition although the fixtures, furniture, appliances, etc. had probably not been updated in 10-15 years. The fitness center and pool were also very nice and I have no complaints. Again, it was not the latest equipment, but everything was clean and in working order. After a few more hours in our room and a tour of the city, our mood had changed and Hotel Nikko's stock was moving up in our book. Our room included breakfast, but unfortunately Mr. Friendly at the front desk failed to alert us that we had breakfast coupons in the folder with our room key and some other coupons, so we made the mistake of ordering room service for breakfast--thinking it was included. Well, it would have been included had we ordered &quot;the continental breakfast&quot;, but since we checked the box for &quot;Japanese breakfast&quot; we had to pay an additional $80! The breakfast was tasty, but it cost more than the fabulous dinner we enjoyed the night before! Anyhow, we found our breakfast coupons later that day and figured out that we should have gone to the restaurant ANZU for breakfast or ordered a continental breakfast through room service. So I explained our plight to the front desk and they said they couldn't help me...I was S.O.L. and had to fork over the money for breakfast. I said, &quot;well okay, it was partly our mistake so could you just deduct the cost of the continental breakfast from our outrageously priced Japanese breakfast?&quot; ANSWER: No! So having seen Hotel Nikkos stock in our book appreciate at the rate of an internet IPO in the late '90s, I also witnessed it crash like one that got audited after cooking the books. So I left to enjoy the city again, rode the cable cars, did some shopping, ate some seafood at fisherman's wharf and gradually forgot about my breakfast mishap. We returned to the Nikko for an absolutely fabulous dinner at ANZU. I had aged beef served Japanese style and my wife had sushi. We were both very pleased with our dinner and the service at ANZU. Our opinion of Nikko moved up once again only to come sliding back down a few moments later at the concierge, who was sipping champagne with her friends (who had stopped by the hotel to razz her about having to work while the rest of her friends were celebrating something). We asked the concierge if she knew some good places to get a drink or if there were Japanese karaoke boxes in the area and she said that she couldn't make any recommendations. Imagine a concierge that is too busy with her friends to mention a tavern in the area or open the phone book to make a call about karaoke...So we had a couple drinks at the pub across the street and enjoyed the rest of the evening there. We checked out the next day and were fortunate to get a Japanese staff. Having lived in Japan I'm well aware that it has many drawbacks, but outstanding customer service is not one of them. She took care of everything efficiently, accepted our air miles without incident, and even discounted our room service breakfast. So our trip ended on a pleasant note and I can give the Hotel Nikko San Francisco an above-average rating without any hesitancy. Perhaps we had some misguided expectations that Hotel Nikko in San Francisco would be able to provide us with the amazing customer service that you receive at Hotel Nikko in Japan. In fact, the service at the Nikko was not bad by normal standards. It is in a good location and the facilities were clean and MOST of the staff were highly professional. So I can recommend staying at the Hotel Nikko, but I would avoid it if you have short patience.	
Jul 4 2005	Great Hotel!	We stayed on the Nikko Floor. The room was fantastic. Very clean. Very comfortable. Nice views. Exceeded our expectations across the board. Word of caution - the thermostat has an IR sensor and will shut down the climate control if no-one is in the room. If you happen to place your bags so that it blocks the thermostat's view of the room ...	
Jun 29 2005	Enjoyed our stay very much	We have traveled extensively and have stayed in all types of places--dumpy to luxurious all over the world. I refuse to pay more than $300 a night for TWO rooms. Our stay at the Hotel Nikko was delightful. We had two double deluxe rooms for our family of four on the 15th floor. They managed to get our rooms very close together which was a special request. The rooms were spacious and very clean. I am picky about beds but found the beds to be comfortable. The Hotel is no longer brand new but our rooms had lovely wallpaper and beautiful marble in the bathrooms. For the price we paid, we could not have done better in downtown San Francisco. We liked it better than the Fishermen's Wharf Hyatt where we stayed two years ago. (Being from Seattle, I require a coffee pot in the room and this bugged me about the Hyatt--no coffee pots in the room but Nikko had little coffee makers. And we received a newspaper everyday--I love that.)There are street people but I am from Seattle so we are used to this and it did not affect our enjoyment of the city and we walked everywhere. The location is perfect.I am also picky about noise. I could not stand a night we spent in the fancy Fairmont Olympic in downtown Seattle because of traffic noise. But the Hotel Nikko is very quiet.My only complaint is the windows were really dirty on the outside so the lovely view of the city was like looking through mud. They need to get the window cleaners up there.	
Jun 28 2005	Nikko worked great!	My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Nikko this past weekend during the gay pride weekend. The hotel was very centrally located, one block from union square, and next to public transportation. We asked and received a room with a view of nob hill, the consierge was very helpful, and the room was very clean. Our only problem was the very limited late night room service menu...only offering three or four items. Once they arrived, the chips were stale and the salad wasn't very fresh. The next day upon check out the front desk person was very appologetic and took half off the meal price. WARNING parking costs 44.00 per day, with in and out privledges. A great stay overall.	
Jun 22 2005	It was Alright!	Lots of bums...watch out for them, very aggressive, one even followed my husband and I into Starbucks! The beds are very uncomfortable! We stayed 4 nights, not one good nights rest! Nice hotel though, good staff, and very clean! Close to Union Square...I think we would have stayed at Fisherman's Wharf side though...too many homeless people who hung around our hotel and that side of San Fran!	
Jun 22 2005	Couldn't be happier~!	From past reviews, I was a little afraid of booking the Petite Queen room and paid a little extra for the King Suite room and couldn't be more satisfied. Me and my boyfriend loved how spacious the room was and the service from the front counter as well as parking area was polite and very helpful. I was especially impressed by the interior designing of the hotel and the bathroom was HUGE and clean. I also loved how close the hotel was to everything. I definitely hope to go back to Nikko hotel again soon!	
Jun 19 2005	Couldn't get a better location!	We stayed there for a week and it is a great location for being near to all the major attractions in the City. We never had to walk more than a block for some great food (lori's for breakfast is a must!), the cable car (Powell/Mason for getting to Chinatown and Fishermans Wharf) or good shops (Union Square...Macy's).Room was small but clean and tidy, would definitely recommend if you want somewhere central.	
Jun 15 2005 	great location neat space	I booked the Hotel Nikko on Expedia and got a great deal. Although the room was very small, it was perfect for one. The bed was comfortable, the water pressure strong, the room neat and clean and I had a very good night's sleep. I loved the decor in the public areas and the Japanese feel of the hotel. Public transportation was easy with the Powell Street MUNI stop only 5 minutes away. I would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 14 2005	This is definitely not Four Star!	Hotel Nikko has a fabulous location and the pictures on the web of the lobby and public areas are quite nice, but beware of the standard rooms! This is not a zen experience by any means. The carpets are stained, the furniture was chipped, the bed linens atrocious and the counters in the bathrooms filled with soap rings and evidence of one too many travelers. (Also, no CD player as advertised). When I complained of the state of the room and the fact that there was a hair in the bed when I pulled back the linens, they refused to move me to a different class of room without an additional charge of $40. They sent the head of housekeeping to the room, who finally agreed with me and the front desk placed me on one of the Nikko floors (the top two floors of the hotel). The room was spacious and quiet and the furnishings and color scheme are quite nice. Bathrooms are 3 separate rooms: a toilet room, a bathtub and shower room, each with a door and an open double sink area. For the money, stay on the Nikko floors. If you are expecting luxury and comfort, however, stay somewhere else. SF has way too many nice hotels in this area to pay this kind of money.	
Jun 7 2005 	Not the Hotel It Used to Be	I used to go to San Francisco regularly, and I often stayed at the Nikko and always enjoyed it. This was my first stay there in about three years and either I have become more discriminating or the hotel has begun a severe decline. My plan was to stay two nights in San Francisco then go to Seattle and then come back for another two nights. On the positive side, the hotel is perfectly located and the staff is very friendly. However, hotel management seems to be cutting corners. No robe. No evening turndown service. No USA Today. (Some guests got San Francisco newspapers, but I didn't.) My room wasn't small, but it seemed small because it was oddly shaped. The TV set was so small that I could not read the channel numbers from the bed. One thing I remembered loving about the Nikko were the bathrooms with stall showers and tubs. What I encountered this time was nothing to love. The walls are covered in rather worn and somewhat grimy pink tile. Wall coverings were peeling. The shower door seemed flimsy from age and no longer exactly clear. I went downstairs to the breakfast buffet which was probably the highlight of my stay. It's not free, but it's not expensive. (The restaurant is wonderful.) I was out most of the day and returned around 3:00 to find the housekeeper in my room. Why so late? I think she was combining morning cleaning with evening turndown service, such as it was. I wanted a nap, but that had to wait. I was once told by a travel agent that if you have a poor experience, you should tell the general manager because often the staff shields him (or her) from guest complaints. So I decided to call him (which took some persistence with the telephone operator). I learned that he was out, but his assistant suggested I speak to the manager on duty. Unfortunately, she transferred me to the wrong person. I reached the person in charge of sales who seemed to resent being bothered by a guest in her hotel. She asked her assistant to transfer me again. This time, I was disconnected. I decided that when it comes to hotels, treasure your memories because things inevitably change and rarely for the better. When I got on my flight to Seattle I opened the airline magazine and the first thing I saw was a charming ad for Hotel Nikko. Isn't it always the case? The ads are better than the products.	
May 27 2005 	Great hotel wonderful location	We stayed for a week at this hotel and absolutely loved it. We had high expectations, and true to many Tripadvisor's reviews, this was a great place to stay. Our room was rather small, but it was very well kept, clean, and had all of the amenities that you would expect from a 4-star hotel. The hotel is in walking distance from Union Square and centrally located near all the major sites. I highly recommend it.	
May 20 2005 	Choice San Francisco Location	Stayed and the Nikko Hotel, San Francisco as part of an incentive trip. The hotel is in a great central location in the heart of the city's shopping district. You'll find that great restaurants, Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, the Golden Gate and the rest of the City's beautiful sites are a short walk, cable car ride, or heart-stopping, side rest gripping, thank goodness for seatbelts taxi ride away (the taxi drivers have no fear-be prepared).Granted the hotel is fronted by a maze of one-way streets, but this is San Francisco - it's part of the charm. Once your there, the fee for valet parking is a little on the high side, but again this is San Francisco (not that charming)We were fortunate enough to be able to upgrade to a king suite. Wasn't too sure what to expect: Contemporary - Japanese???? The rooms were an interesting mix of contemporary furniture (clean lines, muted colors) with a obvious asian flare. The upgrade to a suite was a &quot;good thing&quot; as we had a corner suite with more than enough room for a party of two. The rooms had floor to ceiling windows with great views of the hotel across the street - the Hilton. Bathrooms were spacious and had all of the &quot;fixins&quot; a bathroom should have (complimentary shampoo/condition, lotion, mouthwash, etc) and free robes. The beds were surprisingly comfortable.The staff was professional and unintrusive. Cleaning staff kept the room clean and welcoming (chocolates on the pillow after the turndown).All in all, a nice place to call home for a weekend. As always, you could find a comparable hotel for a better price with a little research. But the Nikko is worth a try.	
May 18 2005	Don't stay in a queen petite	The queen petite is actually a full tiny. Coming from NYC I've been in my share of small sleeping quarters but this was ridiculous for what is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. The bed was only a full size that was pushed into the corner like in some college dorm room. The bed itself was old and springy and the linens were so rough I had trouble sleeping. The water pressure in the bathroom was non-existent as was the view from my window. There was no mini-bar, no room safe, no dresser or night table.On the upside it is located in a great location near all the transit options and the lobby public areas are quite pleasing. There is also the Starbucks in the lobby and an Enterprise Car rental on the premises.Overall I wouldn't stay there again and if I were you I would stay at the Argent.	
May 12 2005	Just Okay	Stayed one Saturday night. Driving up to the hotel grounds is hit-&amp;-miss as it is surrounded by one-way streets (you miss the turn-off and you've got to go all the way around again). Nice central location tho. Attendants are extremely friendly but difficult to understand. Lobby was beautiful. My husband and I had a room with a king bed on the 10th floor. The room was cramped. Very basic decor. Not much extras. The bathroom had bright lights which is perfect for make-up application. However, the vanity, shower stall and tub were old and stained. The toilet had its moments and sometimes did not flush at all. And forget about the water pressure in the shower. Heard everyone's footsteps above us. As long as they didn't move it was pretty quiet. Probably will not stay there again.	
May 9 2005	Hated the Nikko	I've gotta admit that the location of the hotel is very good. Close to the train station, shopping area etc...But the rooms are terrible. I was about to book a package with Hilton but chose to buy Nikko since all the reviews were very good. But i made a huge mistake of not getting the Hilton across the street. We bought the air+hotel package from expedia for a &quot;Petite Queen&quot; room. We checked in and asked for an upgrade. The representative was nice and offered us an upgrade but told us to check the &quot;Petite room&quot; before we upgrade. So we went and checked the room we originally bought. The room is very petite. The hallway from the door to the actual bed is very tiny. The bed was horrible. We sat on the bed and we could literally feel the springs on the bed. So we decided to go for an upgrade. Upgrade of &quot;Petite&quot; was &quot;Deluxe&quot; and then &quot;Club room which comes with a continental breakfast&quot;. We decided to check the Club room. One thing we noticed was that all three rooms had a 19 inch tv despite the size of the room. Club room was very spacy but the bed felt the same. Bathroom was ok with usual stall shower and a bathtub. There are alot of coffee shops around the block so we decided not to get the club room. So we decided to go for the delux room. I've gotta say all the beds in all the rooms were same despite the upgrade. We could feel the springs by sitting on the bed. At this point, i was very disappointed with the quality of beds in the hotel. The marble on the sink area was very worn out which made it look like the counter top was not clean. We finally checked in the delux room. The room was alot spacier than the &quot;Petite&quot; room. But the quality of the bed was the same. We slept on that bed the first night, i could not get a good night sleep. I was tossing and turning all night long. Next day we told them about the bed and the service representative said that she'll have the housekeeping put a mattress pad on the bed. If we still don't like it, she'll upgrade us. Not that the club room had any better bed. We come back in the room the next night and there was a full size mattress pad on a king size bed. At that point we really didn't care of having another upgrade and moving all our stuff to another room which had the same quality bed. Also, the stall shower door made a mess on the bathroom floor. I will really suggest that if you're picky on beds and like a good night sleep after having a nice day: &quot;DON'T STAY IN NIKKO&quot;. Its not worth the money. I've learned my lesson of not trying new hotel and sticking only to &quot;Hilton, Westin, Sheraton hotels&quot;. There are alot of nice hotel in the same block. I'd suggest stay away from Nikko if you want a good night sleep.	
Apr 17 2005	No complaints whatsoever!	I recently stayed here for three nights with my husband and 12 year old son. I was really pleased with our hotel room - it was very spacious and very comfortable. We booked through a hotel internet booking service and I wondered whether the room would be as good (being part of a block booking) but we had no reason to worry - the room was perfect. The Nikko is a large centrally located hotel and it is a very short walk to the MUNI to get to places like Golden Gate Park, Fisherman's Wharf etc (incidentally - the bus prices in San Fran are so cheap it is unbelievable and such a great service - you never have to wait very long at all - hiring a car in San Francisco is just not worth it - better to do as we did and pick it up when you're ready for the next leg of your journey).I would thoroughly recommend the Nikko and would stay there again without a moment's hesitation (and I'm really fussy!!!).	
Apr 3 2005	Not great but not too bad!!	Just return from the Hotel Nikko this afternoon and can't wait to write this review.  The hotel is not a bad hotel,but it's not that great at all, room was small (170 sqf?), so I upgraded to the deluxe King and it still small (250 sqf?). But it is clean and quite. My family and I visit San Francisco many times we stay in many of hotels, this hotel rooms are small (the other small hotel we stayed before it was Palace Hotel, but Palace are Old, Classic and Luxury same price I pay for Hotel Nikko)!! Other than that, we have a great time. The staff are nice, doorman always open door for every guest, and the hotel staff are always smile and greeted. The location is not bad at all, two blocks away from the MUNI and Bart, plus Cable Car. In the center of shopping area, if you love shopping, and don't want to carry your bags, this hotel is the one for you since you are not too far away from the shopping center.  Many hotel around SF area, you really need to know what you will like to do when you planning your visit. Lots of hotel offer the good package, check them all out before you book them.	
Apr 1 2005	Not bad.....	The Nikko is a nice hotel with a great downtown location. The rooms are comfortable and the pool area is a real plus. But the room was a bit &quot;tired&quot; w/ paint chipped &amp; scraped. Not bad---but noticable. There are 4 people in our family so it was surprising to find only 2 towels. A call to the front desk for additional towels must have got lost somewhere. We finally just canceled the request since we were all tired after a long flight/day.Not a bad hotel but no reason to return; not with so many other great choices.	
Mar 23 2005 	Wonderful experience	I stayed at the Nikko for 4 nights and had a wonderful experience. The room and bathroom were impeccable. Each night when we returned from our convention and from sightseeing, the beds were turned down and 2 chocolates left on the bed. Also, they had soft music playing after housekeeping had been in the room. We also had a complimentary buffet breakfast each day of our stay, which was tasty. They offered an American breakfast as well as a Japanese breakfast at the buffet. The concierge was extremely helpful and was knowledgeable.	
Mar 21 2005	Excellent Rating across the board	My family (husband and 10-yr-old daughter) and I stayed at the Nikko this past week for four nights. In all categories, I rate this hotel as excellent. I have not been able to do that for a hotel rating ever before.I found a good rate on the hotel's website -- and decided to splurge a bit more and go for the Nikko Floor. Good decision. There are 25 floors in the hotel. The 25th floor contains meeting rooms. Floors 22-24 are the Nikko (concierge) floors. The lounge on each floor contains tables, chairs, reading materials (books &amp; newspapers), and 2 laptops with Internet access for guest use. The rooms were comfortable with a spacious closet and bathroom. Our view was of the city (all Nikko floor rooms with two doubles are on the city side) and it was great. We could see the GG Bridge in the distance, as well as Coit tower.Everything - everywhere - was clean -- the room, halls, elevators, lobby, lounges, everything.The fitness floor contained a nice-sized pool and whirlpool. There was exercise equipment in the pool area as well as a separate room. The locker room area contained showers, a soaking tub, sauna and Kamaburo room (Japanese sauna). Enjoyed our use of these facilities.We also enjoyed the breakfast buffet each morning. It featured fresh fruit, smoked salmon, shaved ham, cereals, muffins/croissants/breads, french toast, potatoes, eggs, sausage and bacon. It is served in the ANZU restaurant. We were easily spoiled by this wonderful way to start the day.In fact, we were spoiled by the staff of this hotel overall. From the little things, like the green tea infused soaps and the chocolates left by the turndown service, to the big things, like service and check-in accuracy -- it was all top-notch. We highly recommend this hotel and look forward to the day we travel to San Francisco again so we can stay here.	
Feb 22 2005	Not All That!!	First off they made me put a deposit down on the room, I stayed one night 2-14-05 and they took this deposit from my debit card, I didn't bring a credit card but didn't know I needed one to stay in the room, I thought I would pay after check out time, I even asked if I had to pay upfront while making reservations and the young lady stated &quot;no after you check out&quot;, when I show up all of a sudden the story has changed....hmmm wonder if it was because I'm a black woman traveling alone, I was well dressed and behaved so it couldn't have been that or maybe it's just company policy, I definitely wasn't treated this way at Golden Gate Hotel I don't know why a paying customer would have to put a deposit down unless they thought I was going to skip out on them or something, I wanted to enjoy my stay so I let that one slide. Don't get me wrong, I'm not accusing them of any racist behavior but I definitely thought it was weird to ask for a deposit upfront.The water had no pressure and I could only take a shower not a bath as I so desired, no face towels in the room, one of the light fixtures didn't work. You would think for a $230 deposit you would think that the internet would be free, not at all, it's $10.95 to use it, were as at the Golden Gate Hotel it was free!! No complimentary breakfast or afternoon tea, whereas at the Golden Gate Hotel it was served to all the guest. I paid $107 a night at the Golden Gate and it was worth it. On Valentines day I wanted to treat myself due to not having a date or plans and thought it would be cool to get away and stay at a nice hotel, besides I always wanted to know what it would be like to stay in an expensive hotel and for me outside of the nice view I had, it was a total disappointment. The concierge was semi-cold and the only guy I really liked was the doorman, outside of that everything else is for show. Way too impersonal of a place of course I'm a black female staying alone so a few stares was in play by the hotel security, (felt like I was being watched for solicitation) I hope them making me put a deposit down on the room wasn't because I'm black and I must say that I didn't see any other black people in the hotel...guess I made them nervous. To everyone going to this hotel, please be aware of the fact that, although you may pay a huge amount of money to sleep in 5 star hotels, your not always getting what you paid for. I'm from Dallas and I would take Golden Gate Hotel over Hotel Nikko any day.Good luck!	
Jan 22 2005 	Great locale and service	I recently stayed in Hotel Nikko for 4 nights in late December. As a business traveler that frequents SF, I discovered Nikko a number of months ago and stay there every trip. The hotel is very modern in decor, a grand behemoth a couple blocks from Union Square and the BART stop. You cannot beat the locale. I travel a lot on business and must say this is the quietest hotel I have ever encountered. Fellow traveleres, many of whom are Japanese tourists and Japan Air Line employees, are so polite that you never even know you have neighbors in rooms next door. The fitness center/pool are great and food in restaurant very good. Love the Nikko.	
Jan 5 2005	The best breakfast...	My wife and I stayed here from December 20th - 25th. A very central location just off the block from Union Square. An Irish Bar right over the road and an all important Starbucks for early morning getaways. The hotel itself, very clean, very tidy and the staff are excellent especially the concierge(s).. we had a problem with the hot water (or rather sometimes hot sometimes cold) water.. reported the problem, they came straight following our call.. however it was not fixed on the first attempt (my wife had an &quot;interesting&quot; in/out shower).. so we reported this again and with no problem this was fixed..and the shower was beautiful after this. Following this minor incident, they hotel gave us breakfast vouchers which was nice until we tried the breakfast. Breakfast at 6am for a day trip.. well what a delight.. nice is an understatement. The breakfast was excellent.. a large choice of American / Buffet / Japanese.... the staff were extremely helpful (we have never eaten a Japanese breakfast before so needed some help)..All in - a very nice hotel.. clean, good service and comfortable beds.. what more does one need?	
Jan 3 2005	Perfect holiday getaway	Terrific hotel - with the best service I have ever had. Staff was friendly and efficient, and the room spotless. Had a great view of the city and could walk everywhere. My new most favorite San Francisco hotel.Lobby was so beautifully decorated for the holidays.	
Dec 8 2004 	Could be better	Stayed 5 nights in Oct04. I was expecting better for the price I was paying and also since Hotel Nikko is part of the JAL group of hotels. Having lived in Japan for 4 years, I feel somewhat qualified to make some comparisons. The room was not as clean as a hotel of this caliber should be. I found smudges on the window overlooking the city, dirt on the window sill, hair on the bathroom floor, etc. It's as if the room was not inspected to make sure it was clean. It was definitely not on par to a similar quality hotel in Japan or in the US. Yes, the lobby is very nice. Yes, the concierge was very helpful. Yes, the hotel pool and exercise room were nice. But all that is to be expected for a hotel of this quality and for the money I'm paying. Therefore, I rank the hotel above average but with room for improvement.	
Dec 8 2004	Very Good!	It was my first visit to san Francisco and I really liked this hotel. The location was fantastic- right near the best shops! It was also very near to the main cable car stop. The staff were very pleasant and the rooms were very comfortable. The pool was lovely, although smaller than you might think from the photos. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 29 2004	Comfortable and very nice for the price.	A well run hotel with a friendly and efficient staff, there are no surprises - either good or bad. Location is great (near shops and trolley), with good diner and pubs nearby and cheaper parking alternatives around the block. The room itself was on the smaller side, although very clean, well appointed, comfortable, and very quiet. Some amenities were on the skimpy side (i.e. had to request bathrobes and slippers, a warm mini-bar) but beds are comfortable with very nice feather pillows. This is not a place to find luxury or a hip vibe (hotel bar was dead at 11p on a Saturday night), but it is a very dependable place for the price (I got a rate of $135 online).	
Nov 27 2004	Great Hotel	Rooms were very comfortable and very courteous staff. The concierge was very helpful as well as frontdesk and housekeeping. The hotel is centrally located near to all the shopping as well as the Cable Car turnaround. There are also some great diners in the area where you can get breakfast cheaper than at the hotel's restaurant. Enterprise car rental is also on-site if you need to rent a car but rent for the day and return before they close because the hotel's parking rate of $45 is way too expensive. The gym is Ok with just enough equipment (3 treadmills, 4 bikes, weights etc.) but the pool was a bit disappointing. It is much smaller than it looks in the photos and too shallow. Those things aside, I would definitely stay at this hotel on my next trip to San Francisco.	
Nov 24 2004	Average Hotel; Great Concierge	We stayed at the Nikko for four nights (11/19/-11/23) and found it to be entirely &quot;average&quot;. There is really nothing bad I can say about the hotel - it was just unremarkable. It was clean, staff was courteous, but I expected more. We found the rooms to be small, but the overall location is a plus - one block away from the Hyde / Powel / Mason cable car lines and two blocks from the #30 &amp; #45 bus lines. Do yourself a favor and get a multiday pass (around 15 dollars) for all the public transportation lines (cable cars, buses, BART.) If you plan to do some exploring and sightseeing, it is invaluable because you can use it endlessly and it gets you everywhere around town for the single fee. The only above average comment I would make is that Dave the concierge is a wonderful asset to the concierge staff - head and shoulders above any of the others. He gave my husband and I great advice for our day trip to Monterey and Carmel, as well as our second day trip to Wine Country (Napa and Calistoga). He also made great recommendations for dinner and even took care of the car and dinner reservations for us. Without his service, the hotel would be completely forgettable.	
Nov 23 2004	A slice of heaven in Union Square!	I just returned home from a wonderful week-long stay (11/15-11/22) in San Francisco, CA at the Hotel Nikko and I am compelled to write on what a positive experience I had for my first trip to the Bay Area.From the moment you walk into the lobby, the decor is chic and modern (the zen-like water fountain to the left of the escalators are a nice touch) and you're instantly set at ease. I booked a Floor room through Expedia and the views from the 24th floor were outstanding! Comfortable beds and a spacious bathroom was a plus! Also the complimentary internet access made using my laptop a breeze.The delicious buffet breakfast at ANZU downstairs has to be mentioned! A full spread of everything you could want is a tasty start to the day! The nightly bedding turndowns with the mini chocolates and jazz wafting through the bedroom on the stereo is pure class.Location-wise, you're a hop, skip and a jump away from the shopping meccas (Macy's Nordstrom's, Saks, etc.) and Chinatown &amp; Fisherman's Wharf are only a brief cable car stop away. Lots of quality and inexpensive restaurants nearby and the Starbucks right downstairs made my fixes for chai lattes that much easier! :o)I've never dealt with such a professional, courteous and helpful staff before — and they made my vacation one I'll never forget! I contemplated long and hard before settling on this hotel, but I don't regret my choice for a second. Especially due to the crippling hotel strike over at the Hilton. Kudos to Pom, Meghan, Kyoko, Reginald and the rest of the wonderful workers there. I left my heart in San Fran, but I'll be back sooner than later....and staying NOWHERE ELSE but the Nikko!	
Nov 23 2004	great place	The location of the Nikko does border on the tenderloin, but the immediate area is totally safe and I felt fine as a single woman walking around alone at night. skip the overpriced hotel parking and park at the lot one block down on mason [next door to the hotel bijou] which is $20/night , with in and out privileges.	
Nov 12 2004	Great Place	I give it a 5/5 for the price. I paid $150/night. This was the first time I stayed in a hotel in SF as I have many friends there. The hotel was very clean.Room was fairly large with a nice marble bathroom and mini bar. Starbucks next to the lobby. Staff was very friendly. Neighborhood borders the Tenderloin(shady) so be aware of which direction you are heading.I wouldnt let this disuade you from staying there as the security is very good. Just a note to the naive who might not realize they are wandering into a bad area. The hotel area and the other 3/4 directions are fine. Lots of good shopping/dining within walking distance. Not far from China town. On another note, there is currently a generalized strike of hotel workers. About 80 % of hotels I saw had noisy strikers in front from early morning till after dark. For what ever reason, the Nikko did not. This in itself would be reason to stay there. You might want to see if the strike is still on before making a final decision elsewhere.	
Oct 22 2004 	Location Luxury and Value	Huge comfotable rooms - almost all with a view.Luxurious and secure with a staff that tries hard to please.Great proximity to Union Square and shopping.A winner!	
Oct 14 2004	Wow excellent service...	We stayed at the Nikko the first week of October and LOVED it.. The staff was the best ever. We were there during the hotel workers strike and it was noisy from across the road at the Hilton. We were upgraded to a Nikko floor room without asking so it would be more quiet. Wow. what a fabulous view and breakfast buffet every morning to boot! (which was AWESOME) The people at the concierge desk,Yuki and David were very helpful with everything. On David's suggestion, we even got to go to Lion King by going down the day of the performance and getting tickets that they hadn't sold as VIP. For $82 we got 11th row center orchestra seats...UNBELIEVABLE... Online those seats were $160. I would highly recommend that show while you are there too. It is playing until mid November, I think. The hotel is SO close to everything..Union Square right down the block. I would definitely stay there again when I go back. What a fabulous vacation.. Loved the bed turn down at night too.. Little chocolates, the lights dimmed and jazz playing on the cd player.. what a nice touch. A quality hotel with great furnishings, fabulous artwork, a cool wall water sculpture in the lobby and most of all, excellent service is the Hotel Nikko..	
Oct 1 2004	Very very Impressed	For the money, the Nikko must be unbeatable. Comfortable, perfectly located, excellently ran, well designed and furnishined hotel, with great facilities and fantastic staff.Whenever I return to San Francisco, and I hope it's soon, I would immediately book again at the Nikko, without even looking elsewhere.	
Sep 14 2004	Parking is more expensive than the daily rental charge for an SUV...	Stayed at the Nikko Sept. 8th-12th and was impressed by the decor of the hotel. Very nice and very safe. Checked for room keys after 11:00 pm. The room itself was very small BUT the bathroom was HUGE!!! Separate bathtub and shower stall. Hardly any amenities though i.e. free high speed wireless internet, only one restaurant choice(pricey), parking was OUTRAGEOUS!! It was more expensive to park than to rent the SUV. I know parking is very expensive in the city but...$45 per day is a rip-off!!! Other than that, I thought the hotel was very nice and clean.	
Sep 8 2004	Nikko is Great	This was a grand hotel in a very nice area of San Fran. The lobby was very nice and the decor was awesome! If you book a room I suggest calling ahead and requesting a room on a high floor. We did and had a great view, and our room was quite large. We also let the staff know it was our anniversary, and we returned to find a free bottle of bubbly that evening in our room. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I recommend eating a dinner at the Hilton next door, the restaurant is on the 46th floor and you get a lovely view.	
Sep 3 2004 	Very Happy w/ Hotel Nikko!	I booked a room through Hotwire and ended up with Hotel Nikko @ $125.64/night (including all taxes). I was a little concerned because I had never heard of this hotel. My mom &amp; I stayed there August 24-26, 2004 and were pleasantly surprised. Although we had the same view as what I saw on tripadvisor (the top of the building beside Hotel Nikko!), the room was very clean and we felt very safe. The furnishings throughout the hotel and our room were lovely. We did not eat in the hotel restaraunt (too pricey and not our taste), so we asked the hotel staff to recommend nearby restaraunts and they were friendly and helpful. We didn't use the pool (too busy!) but checked it out and it looked very nice. As we traveled around the city we saw some of the hotels we had found on the internet while researching our trip. Most of the hotels we had considered looked shady from the outside, but Hotel Nikko was beautiful inside and out. Overall, we were very pleased with our accommadations with Hotel Nikko.	
Aug 28 2004	Excellent!	I very happy with my recent stay here. The room service was very fast, the rooms were immaculate, and the housekeepiing was flawless. I had a single room, which was not large at all, but it was adequate for my purposes. I thoroughly enjoyed the Sunday Jazz Brunch buffet at the hotel's restaurant. The huge selection of food is more than one can possibly eat in one sitting (and I'm a big eater). I'm usually not a fan of buffet brunches, but this one was top-shelf.The hotel is located in the Union Square area, with every major upscale department store you can think of within a few blocks walk. If you need to get to other parts of the city, you can catch BART (subway) a few blocks away. That is, of course, unless you'd prefer to take the legendary trolley, which stops right down the street. Two things to be aware of: 1) Valet parking at the hotel is $47/day, with unlimited in/out privileges (not including the valet tips). If you are arriving by car, this could add up pretty quickly.2) The optional &quot;high-speed&quot; Internet service is available for $14.95/day. However, this service performed poorly and inconsistently. The only alternative is dial-up, for which you pay $1.00 for the first 10 minutes, then $1.00 each additional minute.Other than that, I was very pleased with this hotel. I would stay here again.	
Jul 6 2004	No Victorian furniture!	5 nights @ Nikko SF 6/26-7/1/04. The house was completely full, but service was --for all things-- completely above par. This hotel has the fastest staff I have ever seen-- just ask, and it's there, everything from room service to valet to housekeeping requests. This staff is efficient, unobtrusive, and seems to be really concerned for guest comfort. They are professional without being cold/ aloof/ haughty (unlike at some hotels I could name). I received a great rate b/c I am a state gov't employee-- most hotels will give a special rate, but this was definitely the best deal in the best location.  We had a late check-in, arriving the night before the Pride parade, and for some reason my request for a non-smoking room was not noticed/ held. I was skeptical of the &quot;ionizer&quot; they offered, but gave it a try, as the house was packed; there were no other rooms. (We were upgraded to a Nikko Floor room; a regular room became available by 8:00 the next morning, but we opted to stay upstairs-- it was fine. I am a vehement non/ ex-smoker-- I notice ANY smoke smell, &amp; it was clean-smelling when we came back to our room after a day in the city. Also, I couldn't smell any smoke in the hallway, from other rooms on the same floor. That kind of stuff is very important to me.)  I mention that it was Pride weekend b/c EVERY hotel was near-full, &amp; going mad trying to keep up with all the guests/ tourists, but NikkoSF was this calm island in the middle of the city. It's not a velvet -&amp;-brocade, Victorian-furniture kind of place, so if that's what you want, look elsewhere. I hate frou-frou, but like conveniences and style (ok, can't afford 5 nights at the W)-- the Nikko was great. No upturned noses at our kids, either, even tho' we didn't see any other kids in the place til almost the last day.  We used the minibar for its fridge (not the snax)-- they didn't even check the minibar, just took my word for it that we only rearranged things. Did get a regular rollaway fridge the 2nd day-- there are 2 Walgreen's within walking distance, &amp; a 2-liter soda is still half the price of the minibar can of coke. The pool was closed for maintenance (a plumbing leak the day before we arrived), but the jacuzzi, sauna, &amp; exercise room were great. I could make a big deal out of this, but I know stuff happens-- they apparently had already ordered the new pool liner, so they were quick to take care of it.  Good art in the building (it matters, believe me). Not overdone (see: Donatello, or Triton &amp; otehr kitsch hotels). Double beds were small (we're used to a Cal King), but there seems to be not much else available unless you want to get a separate room for the kids. They were comfortable, w/ quality linens. (Ask for yukata robes-- you'll feel silly walking around in them, but who cares? You can get plush terry anywhere!) You cannot beat the location-- within walking distance of everything except the ferry to Alcatraz (no other reason to go to the wharf -except- the ride to Alcatraz). Theaters &amp; galleries, as well as SFMoma close by-- go to the day-of-show booth (Union Square) to see what's offered. I will definitely stay here again, for many reasons, and am recommending the hotel to anyone I know who is staying in SF.	
Jul 6 2004	Not enough water in the pool	The hotel was lovely, but if you're going there to lap swim, don't bet on it. The water level in the pool was too low. Probably down 1 foot from where it should be. My fingers scraped the bottom at one end. I asked for them to fill it up, but only stayed one night so don't know if they responded.	
Jun 9 2004	Fine Hotel with Flair	Clean, well-kept. Convenient to the square and cable stops. Nicely decorated. Good service. 	
Mar 22 2004	Feel like Home	I have booked two rooms on the Nikko Floor (24th floor) with access to the Club level on the 23rd. fl. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. The atmosphere is quiet and peaceful. Though the beds are a bit small, the decor is modern. The club level is very clean and well kept. My child of 11 yrs. old has great fun in using the free internet access before bedtime. The staff is courteous and sincere, especially the ones in Anzu Rest. and the valet parking. The free breakfast buffet (for Nikko Fl. guests) is excellent. However, the food at dinner time is really not worth the money. I have stayed in many other 5 stars hotels before. Hotel Nikko somehow provide a feeling like home.	
Mar 3 2004	Upgrade to a 'Nikko Room' floor - worth the extra	Expedia bargain - a 22nd storey 'Room Floor' room + breakfast for approx. ?65 on a weekend night. Superb value, excellent room. Good, friendly clerks on front desk. Breakfast was OK but cooked items looked and tasted a little unexciting. Nikko Lounge great spot to relax, with free internet access, piles of fresh apples and ice-cold bottled water. Would recommend if you can get an internet deal.	
Jan 14 2004	Great Hotel great service	My mom and I stayed at the Nikko for 6 nights last August (2003), where I attended a conference. I thought the service was great and the staff very friendly. The room had a pretty nice view, considering the discount internet rate from the room. The concierge was also very helpful in arranging a tour to the Muir Woods and Sausolito for us (can't miss it if you're in SF!) Overall, great experience.	
Dec 27 2003	excellent		
Oct 1 2003	Convenient friendly-staffed but small		
Sep 29 2003	Great Value for money		
Aug 26 2003	Beware.... read this first!!!!		
Aug 2 2003	gr8 hotel		
Jul 10 2003	The Best Food in San Francisco!		
Jun 28 2003	Stinko Nikko		
Jun 12 2003	Great Stay!!		
Mar 2 2003	A fantastic hotel. Great service!		
Jan 9 2003	Bland Small Staid		
Jan 9 2003	?????????		
Jan 9 2003	???????		
Nov 26 2009 	??????????????		
Oct 29 2009 	????????		
Oct 29 2009 	???????		
Oct 17 2009 	????????		
Oct 15 2009 	????????		
Oct 1 2009 	????????????		
Sep 30 2009 	Decevant pour un Nikko		
Sep 29 2009 	????????????		
Sep 19 2009 	?????????????????????		
Sep 16 2009 	???????		
Sep 6 2009 	Ottimo Hotel		
Sep 3 2009 	ottimo hotel in posizione eccellente per s. francisco		
Aug 29 2009 	Excelente		
Aug 26 2009 	????????		
Aug 23 2009 	????????????		
Aug 4 2009 	Elégance		
Jul 26 2009 	???????????		
Jul 20 2009 	Trés bien placé		
Jul 17 2009 	sencillamente genial!		
Jun 21 2009 	Excelente hotel en San Francisco		
Feb 12 2009 	??????????????		
Jan 25 2009 	?????????		
Oct 31 2008	??????????????		
Oct 29 2008 	Muy buen hotel !!		
Oct 25 2008 	Non di questro stelle		
Oct 22 2008 	?????????????		
Oct 21 2008 	?????????????		
Oct 18 2008 	?????????		
Sep 11 2008 	??????????		
Aug 20 2008 	JAL???????2004??		
Aug 19 2008 	tres bon hotel		
Aug 14 2008 	Correct mais sans plus pour un prix trés élévé		
Jul 13 2008 	Muy bueno		
Jan 12 2008 	Muß nicht sein!		
Nov 14 2007 	Très agréable hôtel très bien situé personnel très pro		
Oct 3 2007 	Sistemazione molto buona e ottima posizione		
Jul 14 2006	Excelente		
