Nov 18 2009 	Very nice hotel	We arrived mid afternoon after a very long flight and were greeted by a very friendly receptionist. Another member of staff (I got the impression it may even have been the owner) chatted with us and told us about the facilities. On hearing of the kettle I mentioned that, being typical Brits, we would love a cup of tea. He immediately went off to fetch a selection of teabags and bottled water for us, and couldn't have been more helpful or friendly.The room was lovely - maybe not as large or filled with every convenience as some hotels, but it felt like someone's home. The free cheese and wine buffet looked very nice, but the jet lag caught up with us by late afternoon so we didn't take part. Breakfast was great - toast, tea,coffee, cereal yoghurts etc.On our final night we were called by reception asking if we needed a taxi for departure - we had actually booked a hire car so didn't require one- but it was a nice touch.Location couldn't be better - right on Union Square. The only complaint whatsoever was that a loud air conditioner seemed to start just outside our window at about 4-5 am both mornings. As we left we mentioned this - seems it belongs to the Steakhouse next door and they are not supposed to start up until much later. The receptionist actually thanked us for bringing it to his attention, and promised that they would look into this. Such was the my positive impression of this lovely hotel, that I genuinely believed that they would do this.	
Nov 17 2009 	good small hotel 	To be honest, our first impression was not very positive since this hotel looked a little bit shabbily small with only one door at the entrance where only one receptionist attending the guests. However, we finally realized that such facts did not matter at all. As its name suggests, the hotel is just thirty seconds a pied from the Union Square, the heart of the city within walking distance to Chinatown, Nob Hill and Financial District, etc. The hotel offers breakfast and a happy-hour reception (free californiia wine!!) at a tiny southmost spot on the 3rd and 5th floors, where any guests can enjoy frank conversations with others.Overall, we highly recommend this hotel to all who like a small hotel in the heart of a big city except for those who do not prefer much to share a breakfast and/or happy-hour table with other unknown guests (well, you can also take the food and drink to your room or a respective spot on other floors).	
Nov 16 2009 	Perfect Location Great Staff!!	Couldn't have asked for a better place to stay while in SanFran. All of the staff were very helpful and ready to go the extra mile for the guests. The free breakfast was good to get the day started. The wine and cheese was a great way to meet some of the other guests and get ideas about places to check out in SanFran. And you cannot beat the location of this hotel.If you just want another huge hotel with no personality then this is the wrong place. But I would recommend this hotel to everyone I know.	
Nov 13 2009 	We knew we were in trouble...	when we couldn't even get our suitcase through the front door. Everything about this hotel was small and a bit dingy. You couldn't have more than three people standing in the lobby at the same time, there was only room for two people in the single elevator and when the ironing board was set up, only one person could stand in the room - the other person had to sit on the bed! Don't believe the photos online - they are very deceiving! Be sure to call down for your car at least 30-45 minutes in advance - we were late for dinner because it took so long to get our car. All of the rooms are located on a single side of the building and when you open your window, you are within arms reach of the next building and there was the constant noise of the HVAC system rising up from the ground level - and we were five floors up! On a positive note, the staff was very friendly and accommodating. When our iron blew up, they immediately brought a brand new iron to the room. Unfortunately, this good service could not overcome the mediocrity of the room.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great location Great Value	Very clean and nicely decorated. I love this type of old world hotel. Great location right at Union Square. Staff was friendly and helpul. Free continental breakfast was good and wine and cheese in the evening was very nice. They also had bottled water and apples out most of the time and cookies at night. Only complaint is that the wireless internet was VERY slow.	
Oct 29 2009 	Home Away From Home	We loved our stay at Inn at Union Square. The room was quiet and comfortable. The front desk staff was variable. Some restaurant recommendations by the front desk were awful. Please note: Ann at reception is a gem. Some of the beds are more comfortable than others. They tend to be a little soft. There is no A/C. A recommendation I would make to management is to vary the wine and cheese selection at happy hour and offer higher quality breakfast ingredients (cage free, FRESH eggs, better pastries, soy milk, e.g.)Also the telephones are outdated and need to be replaced.Still, I would recommend this hotel and would return there.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Stay	A small hotel in a great central location. The staff are very personable and helpful. Continental breakfast is a bonus and the free wine &amp; cheese sessions each evening provide a great opportunity for exchanges with other guests. The room was very comfortable - no view, but then we did not expect one as we were out and about - not sitting in the room. Our stay was only a short one of 3 nights, but we have no hesitation in recommending this great little hotel - and of course we booked the Inn on Union Square based on other reviews in Trip Advisor.	
Oct 24 2009 	Small but Special	When arriving at The Inn at Union Square we were a little surprised at how small it seemed (probably because we had just come in from Vegas) but very quickly we realised that it was more cosy than small and the staff there were so lovely. The included breakfast was delicious and the wine and cheese in the evening made us feel like we were home. We never felt like the hotel was crowded and the door security was fantastic (although we couldn't find our in room safe so had to take our valuables with us everywhere). On our departure, we had the luxury of using the facitities without any further payment and our bags held until we headed for the airport late in the afternoon. Would recommend this hotel without any hesitation and look forward to staying there on our next trip to San Fran.	
Oct 22 2009 	Underpromise overdeliver	You can easily get misled by the external appearance. This hotel was however a great find. Very helpful and accommodating staff, excellent service (including evening wine and snacks), clean, spacious and very cozy rooms, very comfortable bed and great location (just steps from Union Square). It was not cheap, but well worth the money. I had stayed at other hotels in San Francisco (Hilton, Marriott), and for the money, The Inn is well above any of these. I would have loved to stay for another night!	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Find	Great place. Competes with the big dogs around the block. Free breakfast, free wine, free internet, friendly staff. A nice small hotel!	
Oct 17 2009 	A home away from home.	We came to San Francisco with no definite plans. The front desk staff and the InnKeeper Wayne gave us many suggestions and helped arrange the tours of this beautiful city. The room was very nice, clean and with many extras that we were not expecting. The morning breakfasts (complementary) were very good. Best were the evening wine and cheese get togethers. We met many guests from around the country and world. Many ideas of sights to see were exchanged and new friendships were made. The late evening &quot;chocolate chip cookies&quot; just like mom used to make. The location of this establishment could not be more perfect. Near all modes of transportation. We recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Oct 14 2009 	Great Locaion Warm Atmosphere Free WIFI	TThis is a small boutique hotel in the thick of Union Square that is run by a small, but up and coming management company. Each guest is invited to enjoy a delicious, free breakfast and an evening happy hour for networking and social connections that are crtiical for the solo or novice traveler. The rooms are mre like suites and the spacial placement of bedroom, sitting room, bathroom, etc, conveys even more of a spacious feeling.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Location Great Service Will Stay Here Again.	This hotel was a truly fun place to stay for my week in San Francisco. The hotel has a quirky charm that grows on you throughout your stay there. The check in was very smooth and the front desk attendant could not have been more pleasant. My suite was very clean, but missing a few things. The bathroom was clean, but in need of some renovation (water handles in the shower were falling off and it was very worn). The rooms had very nice robes and excellent Aveda bath products. However, the some of the towels were a bit worn out and had some frayed edges (not quite up to par), compared to everything else. The living room area desparately needed a coffee table to set things down on, so you don't have to use the desk chair. The good part of the rooms is that they are very quiet (a rare find in a downtown location), however the reason that they are so quiet is that the windows have a view of the brick wall of the building next door. It was nice to be able to open the window though, as there were no a/c controls or vents in my room and it was a bit hot during the day. It was still hot out, but cooled off enough at night to sleep with the ceiling fan on high and the windows opened. The high speed internet was nice and fairly fast. On the plus side again, are the sitting areas on each floor. It was nice to be able to get up and have coffee each morning and work on my laptop in the common area (which has a window and view out to Union Square. The hotel has an arrangement with a very nice local health club (just around the corner) to work out, but the cost is $15 per day (a bit much, as most higher end hotels offer a fitness center or free workout passes). The daily continental breakfast was fine and the afternoon wine and cheese reception was nice (the wine was actually enjoyable and the cheese selection was interesting and pleasurable, unlike most other hotel receptions with unpalatable wine and cubed swiss, cheddar and pepper jack). All in all, I enjoyed my stay and will stay here again on my next visit to San Francisco, whether for work or pleasure. The location can't be beat and the service was great! I would have to rate it as a 4 star experience and with just a little bit of work it could be truly 5 star.	
Oct 11 2009 	A small hotel that is ideal for anyone staying in San Francisco	I normally stay at established brand name hotels in city centres, if only because we get really fantastic corporate rates. Booked here for a low rate to make a change and was very happy. By Union Square, free internet and breakfast served at end of the corridor in an alcove on each floor. A range of people staying and more conversation than staying for a week at a big hotel. Try It !	
Oct 9 2009 	Great place centrally located.	Best parts: free wine, cheese and hors d'oeuvres from 5:30-7 in the evening, free breakfast, free internet, right at Union Square. The room was cozy, clean, nicely decorated, and quiet. Nice queen size bed (we got the least expensive room). Front desk staff very helpful. The parking garage for the hotel is on Mason, less than a block away.	
Oct 9 2009 	Perfectly located with the added touch of great personal friendly staff	Myself and hubby sttayed here for 8 nights in Sept 09. The hotel is a charming old worldly place that is perfectly located with all forms of transport on your door step. We stayed in an executive room which was lovely but a but noisey. We found every one of the staff to be so friendly and most helpful. They were great at suggesting places to eat and drink and places to visit and were only too willing to check out places for us on the internet.We loved the wine tasting that was held early evening. It was a great way to meet up with the other guests. If you a looking for a hotel that is good value and a little bit different with a very personal service this is the place to stay. We would definately stay here again.Newly wedsDublin	
Oct 9 2009 	Everything you need in one great place!	Have stayed in many hotels around the world and this little gem is up with the best of them. We like smaller hotels with character. Location, amenities, wine &amp; cheese, breakfast, simple but terrific rooms....we have found our SF hide away!	
Oct 6 2009 	Absolute Gem	After planning a trip to San Franciso for a couple of years the trip finally came to fruition. During the planning we had looked at many different hotels, large, small, on the warf, on the square etc. We finally opted for the Inn at Union Square and were all absolutely delighted. We were travelling with friends and had 2 rooms on the second floor. Our room was a one bedroomed suite at the front of the hotel and our friends had a large room with separate sitting area just down the corridor.The rooms were clean and well appointed. The bed was comfortable and we loved the down pillows! However, most of the rooms (not the ones at the front) look out onto the brick wall of the adjacent building - so don't expect a view. The staff were a pleasure. Ken on reception was both helpful and willing to pass the time of day with you. It was clear that he took pride in helping guest like us from out of the country. This was also true of his colleagues who also manned the reseption when Ken was not around.The continental breakfast had a good variety, including fresh fruit cereals etc and you had the choice of eating it in your room or in the communal areas on each floor.The evening wine &amp; snacks in the late afternoon, however, was the icing on the cake. 3 varieties of cheese with buscuits, a selection of dried fruits and nuts was quite a spread. It was lovely to sample the wine &amp; nibbles whilst chatting with the other guests.	
Oct 4 2009 	Superb. Stay here - you won't regret it. Fishermans What? No way. Post Street is where it's at	My girlfriend and I stayed in one of the suites (607) on the top floor.This place is pretty faultless.Compact and Bijoux.Great, friendly staff.Tidy, clean hotel.Great complimentary FREE wine and snacks every day at around 5....Super continental type breakfast fresh every morning.We almost booked at Fishermans wharf. Thank god we didn't. As 'interesting' as it is I'm so glad we stayed slap bang in the middle of what makes 'cisco tick - Union Square.Maceys and Bloomingdales on your doorstep, market street just down the road, trams, shops, restaurants and bars everywhere.Loved it. Trust me - Forget Fishermans Wharf and go here - you wont regret it.Excellent location and service - No wonder this place is so highly rated.Get in there!	
Oct 4 2009 	Cozy and comfortable	I chose this hotel based on previous reviews here and we were happy with our choice. We stayed six nights in a double room. I had booked the cheapest room available but to our surprise we were upgraded at the check-in to a junior suite.The room was spacious and beautiful. It was decorated with red, yellow and gold and it felt comfortable. The safe was in the room. Our room didn't have a great view but it didn't matter to us. Breakfast was included with the price and there were bread, cereals, pastries, fruits, juice, coffee and tea. The breakfast area isn't big so we took a tray to our room. The free morning paper and wine and hors d'oeuvres in the evening were very nice treats. The staff was excellent, very friendly and helpful. Only downside with our experience was that they had reserved the room cost twice from our credit card and it took days before it was cleared out and we could use that card again. Location of this hotel is perfect. It is quite near two BART stations so access to and from the airport is convenient. The historic cable cars run nearby and there are plenty of shops in the neighborhood. Many of the tourist attractions aren't close but you can take a cable car, tram or a bus to get there.	
Oct 3 2009 	Superb	Visited The Inn in September. Excellent room, excellent position,brilliant staff and management. Breakfast was excellent , room was spotless, host was friendly and entertaining. Thoroughly enjoyed ourt stay at this hotel and would recommend to anyone. Wine tasting was entertaining with Wayne and his friends. Would definitely visit again.	
Sep 28 2009 	You have to stay here!	There is a reason this hotel is rated so highly on TripAdvisor.... Location: The location is PERFECT. Right near Union Square there are plenty of restaurants and shops nearby. Its only a short walk to get to wherever you are going - the tram and plenty of bus stops are also a short walk away.Rooms: Rooms weren't the largest we've stayed in but they weren't small by any means. Well equipped with a LCD TV, lounge chair etc. Kept clean too. No airconditioner, but trust me when I say you're not going to need one.Service: AMAZING. So friendly. The owner is only to happy to have a chat about the sights of San Fran, how to get there etc over the complimentary drinks and snacks the hotel puts on daily. Free breakfast every morning as well. Staff at the front desk also very friendly and all knew the area well enough to be able to answer our questions.Hotel also offers complimentary internet which was handy.Would definitely stay here again!	
Sep 24 2009 	Close to cable cars and shopping	We were so impressed with the hotel, the service and the close proximtry to the cable cars. The cable cars take you to the Fisherman's Wharf and other fun locals. Shopping is blocks away. A continental breakfast, wine bar and cookies at night......all for free. What else can I say.......	
Sep 23 2009 	This is what hospitality is all about!	Very quaint European like hotel in the heart of Union Square. Rooms are small, but very comfortable. Wayne Olson, the manager was a great help in recommendations for dinner, etc. Nice surprise with a wine happy hour and breakfast in the morning at the end of our floor. No air conditioning, but the room had a ceiling fan...thank goodness!	
Sep 21 2009 	A great place to stay	While our stay was only two evenings --- we LOVED the hotel! Upon arrival, one staff member and the manager (Wayne) went to our (temporarily illegally) parked rental car to get our bags. We merely asked them to hold on to them while we returned the vehicle to the airport --- but they quickly whisked them up to our room.Wayne was wonderful! After we returned from SFO (returning the rental car) and got familiar with our room, Wayne ushered us up to the wine and cheese reception and introduced us to several of the other guests. He made us feel right at home!Every staff member we encountered was professional, courteous and quick to respond to any request we had. The hotel is in a great location! Post Street at Union Square; convenient to BART and cable car stops; shopping; dining; literally everything!The room was really nice! Large bed; adequate bathroom; nice TV (didn't watch it much though); there is no air conditioning (but remember, you are in SF!!) and the view from the side rooms is limited.If you are in SF to spend time in a hotel room and look out the window --- then you may wish to find another hotel. However, if you are looking for a very nice hotel in a great location the The Inn at Union Square should be seriously considered.We visit SF every now and again --- and do enjoy staying in different hotels. However, we would definitely stay at The Inn at Union Square again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Wonderful experience	Multiple features made this an outstanding hotel that we would highly recommend to others. Evening wine, cheese, and fruit plus morning breakfast, both served in a quaint library setting, were a spontaneous gathering time for hotel guests. You had an opportunity to meet and talk with others that you would be difficult to replicate in a large hotel. The inn keeper met guests in the library at the time of the evening wine and cheese, a sign of the commitment this hotel has to its clientel. The breakfast choices were different from what you find at most chain hotels, and were appreciated over the cookie cutter approach to morning meals. In particular, the granola was excellent and the pecan rolls and almond croissants melted in your mouth. There were chocolate chip cookies on each floor in the later evening, and the staff members were responsive to every request. For example, we asked for fresh coffee at 10 p.m., and it was ready in the library within minutes. The rooms were modest in size and the shower was small but the room appointments were high quality and the bed was excellent. We slept so well both due to the mattress and the quiet, restful atmosphere. The location was ideal, a few steps from Union Square and the cable cars, and a brief walk to China Town and the Powell Street BART station. If you are looking for a large hotel with big rooms and lavish baths, this is not the place. However, if you are looking for a uinque experience in a hotel where the guests are well cared for and the rooms are nicely decorated, this is the setting. We met several returning guests during our stay, and we can understand why they came back.	
Sep 14 2009 	Very nice stay in San Francisco	I was staying in S.F. for a conference. The conference hotel was much more expensive and had terrible reviews on TripAdvisor. I stayed a couple of blocks away at this very nice property, and I had a pleasant stay. I received a complimentary upgrade to a Queen Suite upon check-in. The room was clean and comfortable, and the suite was spacious. I did see inside one regular (non-suite) room, and it was small, similar in size to hotel rooms I have stayed in in London and New York City. There is complimentary wine in the evenings, and free continental breakfast is included in the price of the room. Free and particularly tasty cookies were set out each evening. The security system required guests to scan their room key card both to enter the building in the evening and to use the elevator at any time.There are only 2 downsides to staying at this hotel, and neither really has nothing to do with the hotel itself. The Union Square area seemed to have lots of tourists, and consequently many homeless people begging. Although none were particularly aggressive toward me, it was sometimes annoying. Also, Post St. is one of the major routes into Union Square, and there is lots of traffic. One of my windows faced it, and it was noisy. However, because of the hotel's floor plan, most rooms do not face Post St. My bedroom was very quiet, as it was not on Post St.	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent location and value for money	We stayed at the Inn for 3 nights and loved it. The room was small but nicely decorated and good bathroom. Breakfast was fantastic. Seconds to Union Square and close to car rental companies if you were heading on from San Francisco. Brilliant value for money, personal and really nice staff. Free wine tasting in the early evening was a nice touch. No a/c but that wasn't a problem despite the hot weather. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 14 2009 	A gem of a hotel -- highly personal excellent location great value	This hotel is a gem in the midst of more commercial hotels in the Union Square area. From the outside, it's quite unassuming and the small lobby can seem...well...quite small. However, once you've checked in and take the elevator to your floor, you'll discover a well planned hotel that maximizes its use of functional space. Each floor has its own nook where one can relax with family and friends. In fact, the first evening, the wine and cheese happy hour was overflowing with guests. We were a party of 6, and we couldn't make it through the hallway to get to the trays of food and drink. The manager, Wayne, must've seen my crestfallen face. He approached us immediately and suggested we get situated in the seating area of the floor where our rooms were located and that he'd have someone bring us some bottles of wine and snacks. Sure enough, just less than 5 minutes later, we were enjoying the wine and cheese on our own floor, away from the crowds. This was especially appreciated since we were there for a brief getaway with relatives for a family reunion and we had a lot of catching up to do. Added perks like freshly baked chocolate chip cookies waiting for us upon our return from dinner, and prompt service requests contributed to the pleasant stay. Finally, you can't beat the location of this place. We were just a block away from the hustle and bustle of Union Square. This allowed us to either walk or take public transportation to our destinations, yet the hotel also served as a quiet retreat when our itineraries got too hectic. I'd definitely stay here again for the personal service, excellent location, and great value.	
Sep 12 2009 	Not sure why this is top of trip adviser	Having always used trip adviser to find our hotels or restaurants, as part off a month long holiday in the US we flew in to San Francisco a decided to stay for our first nights stay in this hotel. I have to say I am surprised at all the reviews, on arriving at our room, we found it was not clean and smelled. We immediately checked out and went to the Fairfield nobhill which was a 10 minute walk away from Union Square, and we got n amazing room with a view of both Alcatraz and the Golden Gate bridge for $159 for the night.	
Sep 11 2009 	Lovely hotel great location	Our stay here was a pleasure. Staff was very friendly. Location is excellent, steps away from Union Square, which is central, but less of a tourist trap than Fisherman's Wharf. We were lucky to have a room on the upper floor (6th, I believe), in the back, which meant no street noise and plenty day light. Since this is a narrow hotel, I wonder whether the other rooms might have a view of the wall of the building next door (don't know about this though). Daily newspaper is complementary, which we appreciated very much. Breakfast was fine, better than most continental breakfasts we had during our stay in the U.S. (and we've stayed in many hotels). Enjoyed the tea selection and cookies! Both room and bathroom were very clean and comfortable. Good size bed, comfortable. We booked a superior room online (Hotels.com) and found a good deal (book 3 nights, pay for 2), which was wonderful since this is not a very cheap hotel. Would come again if we could find the same deal. :)	
Sep 1 2009 	Home away from home - highly recommended!	The staff was exceptionally hospitable and personal - they had even invited us for breakfast the morning we were checking out of a different hotel (the Frank Hotel - not so recommended). The rooms were very clean and comfortable (even robes and an umbrella in the closet!). The bed was very comfortable with luxurious bedding. The location was perfect as we were traveling with our 5 year old daughter - within walking distance to sights or easy access to public transportation. The breakfast was delicious and they offered healthy foods - not your typical American continental breakfast. The wine tasting in the afternoon was a nice touch too. We loved San Francisco and staying at this hotel was icing on the cake. Highly recommend!! If traveling with kids - highly recommend the California Academy of Sciences too.	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent Value	The Inn at Union Square is a San Francisco bargain. The price is outstanding compared to many other SF hotels and by far beat the large chains. The rooms are small, but luxuriously appointed and clean. The breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese bar are generous. And the service from the staff is excellent. Top off with a great location within walking distance of several tourist attractions and just a few steps away from public transportation and you have a winner. There is a business center that has area tourist information, a computer with internet access and a printer. The downside is if you bring a car, as the parking charges are expensive. If you are staying in central SF, I recommend ditching the car and relying on your feet and public transportation.	
Aug 28 2009 	Best Stay in San Francisco Ever!!!!	We just came back from three nights at this gem of a hotel!!! Our room was charming - the linens were yummy and all of the toiletries were first class. We loved walking down the hall (in our robes!!!) to the parlor to have a delicious breakfast and meet people from all over the world. The cocktail hour was also a wonderful touch - not to mention the home baked chocolate chip cookies each night. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly!! Wayne made our trip so memorable. He will definitely plan our next trip to San Francisco. We can't wait to come back to stay at this charming hotel in the most amazing location in the city!!!	
Aug 27 2009 	Very Cute	We only stayed two nights but we had a great time. Great locaion- we walked everywhere! Our room was TINY... and it didnt have AC... so that was kinda a bummer... but luckily it didnt bother us too much, but if we were there for any more than two nights, we would have went crazy in such a tight space... the wine and cheese at night was very nice.... and the breakfast was yummy! Front desk is super nice!	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent location and very friendly staff	My wife took me to San Francisco for my 30th birthday in August/2009 and it was my first visit to San Francisco. I realized quickly that The Inn at Union Square is a great location while visiting SF. Lots of shopping and restaurants within walking distance. The room size was plenty big for the two of us, with a separate bathroom/shower area and a &quot;lounge&quot; area with love seat. The bed was incredibly comfortable! Each morning the staff would set up free breakfast areas on every floor, so no need to all gather in one area. They also had free wine/cheese socials set up in the afternoons. Speaking of the staff, they were exceptionally friendly. Every time we walked into the hotel we would be greeted and also on the way out. They would even offer to hail a cab without even asking. It wasn't just the front desk staff either, as the cleaning staff were constantly saying hello and asking how you are doing. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Francisco. We only stayed for 2 nights but it was perfect! *Also had free WiFi access for those interested.	
Aug 10 2009 	Fantastic hotel will come back to SF just to stay here	Charming, European feel boutique hotel with excellent service. My husband and I spent a weekend here and were very pleased. First, the location is excellent. Our room was not huge, but had a small sitting area and plenty of space for the two of us. The only negative in the room was the tiny bathroom. The bed was incredibly comfortable with high quality linens. The wine reception every evening was fun and a great way to start off our evenings. Similarly, the morning breakfast buffet was impressive, especially for a hotel this size. Finally, the service was exceptional. We were particularly impressed with Omar, who was friendly, attentive, and bent over backwards to make our trip go smoothly.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice Hotel but over-hyped	As others have said, the lobby is small but the hotel has character. We had a &quot;King Suite&quot; and I was shocked at how small it was. There was not even room for a sitting area. I was a little worried after reading that there was no AC but that was not a problem at all. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. All in all this is a decent hotel but we definitely did not get the service other reviews are raving about. The front desk always seemed understaffed. When we arrived it took a long time to get bell service and valet and when we left we ended up just having to go get a luggage cart and bring down the luggage ourselves after 2 calls asking for assistance. We called in advance and they asked when we needed our car and bell service but 20 minutes after the requested time we had received neither. The wine reception and breakfast were nice touches but the areas where these are held are tiny. Not really big enough for more than 5 people. Like I said, it's a decent hotel but should not be at #3 given all of the other options in San Francisco.	
Aug 4 2009 	A little hotel with a lot of character and excellent location	My girlfriend and I visited San Francisco for the first time and decided on the Inn at Union Square based on the images available online and due to the fact that we didn't want to rent a car.The &quot;Inn&quot; was situated in a prime location right next to the Union Square shopping district. They served a complimentary breakfast everyday and the staff was very helpful when it came to asking for directions. The cleanliness of the rooms was good overall. The design of the hotel was quaint and my germophobic girlfriend loved how clean the washroom was kept.The only complaint was that the window in our room didn't close properly, so it was always a little chilly at night.Other than that, I would recommend this hotel, the value was decent, there are definitely places more affordable, but you won't find another place so unique and convenient as the Inn at Union Square.	
Jul 31 2009 	this hotel retains the wow factor	A gem of a hotel in a fantastic location. The staff bend over backwards to meet your needs and answer your questions. Loved it.	
Jul 29 2009 	Ideal Location	What a great surprise this hotel turned out to be after having seen the frontage on arrival. My wife and I were slightly concerned but our fears were soon blown away by this cute, friendly and cosy hotel. Our room was very comfortable and clean. Each evening between 5 and 7pm the hotel provided complimentary wine, cheese, nuts and soft drinks etc and this proved to be an ideal way to meet the other guests and relax. The breakfasts were just the job and you could fill your tray and eat in the comfort of your room. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff and were willing to book us reservations at restaurants etc. There was a free to useThe hotel has a perfect location being 100 yards from Powell St cable car stop which is in Union Square. The centre for all the major stores. Great hotel	
Jul 26 2009 	Met my expectations	My husband and I stayed at the Inn from July 19-24. We were very content with the hotel. The staff was excellent. Wayne, Omar and Ann were exceptionally great. Loved the rooms. Did not need air conditioning as San Francisco was cool that week. The location could not have been better. It was centrally located. The breakfast was more than adequate. There was food for all palates. The evening wine and cheese was an additional perk. It was great to sit and chat with others from all ove the world in a relaxed atmosphere. The nighttime cookies topped it all off. All in all we would return again and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent location in San Francisco	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel. Was a little disappointed at first that it did not have air conditioning, but we did have a ceiling fan which surprisingly, kept the room extremely cool. Room was small, but nicely furnished. Complimentary breakfast was served at the end of the corridor on level 5. In the evenings wine and cheese was served in the same location and this was an excellent way of meeting other guests of all nationalities in the hotel, in fact some evenings we didn't want to leave the hotel as we were having such a good time with the other guests! This hotel is in an excellent location for shopping, trolley buses and local restaurants. Should we ever visit San Francisco again, would stay at this hotel and would highly recommend to our friends and family.	
Jul 21 2009 	Fantastic location staff and value for money	We stayed here for the first 4 nights of our honeymoon and loved this hotel. Our flight had been delayed out of Heathrow by 5 hours so when we arrived I wasnt in the best of moods, this was soon changed by the cheery welcome from David. Our room was small but very nice with a comfy bed and nicely furnished. The bathroom was very clean but in need of updating. The location is excellent right by Union Square - we purchased the 3 day transport cards for cable cars and buses, but found the cable cars very busy and hard to get onto so mainly used buses. Breakfast had an excellent selection and was plentiful We loved the wine and cheese 'social hour' and the homemade cookies when you returned back to the hotel at night were delicious I would return and recommend anyone to stay here, we booked through Expedia and got a very good deal. Our favorite meal was in china town called The House - delicious chineseWe also ate at Scomas in Fisherman's wharf - nice location and seafood but expensive and a bit touristy	
Jul 20 2009 	Great service fantastic location the place to stay!	We had a 10 day stay here at the beginning of July, the hotel served as an ideal base for our sightseeing. We were upgraded upon arrival to a Junior Suite which was greatly appreciated (after a long journey from Glasgow via Philadelphia). The room was comfortable and a good size, though the carpet was stained in parts. The bathroom was also a good size and we were kept very well stocked with lovely Aveda toiletries. The continental breakfast was always well stocked with cereal, pastries, fruit and bread for toast. And if you need a coffee or two before you can get going, you can have as much as you like, while reading the morning paper! Hot drinks were also available thoughout the day, with kettles on each floor. The bottled water and cookies in the evening were a fantastic bonus! We only made it to the cheese and wine on a couple of occasions but everything was of a good quality once again. This hotel is situated just steps from Union Square and a short stroll from Market Street, so if you're keen on shopping, it's ideal. Westfield Shopping Centre is highly recommended. We used public transport thoughout our stay, the MUNI passes are fantastic value at $24 for 7 days, especially when you consider that one cable car ride is $5. We used the buses mostly (you can get a map from reception that shows all the routes) and found them very efficient and easily accessible from our base at Union Square.Lastly, a big thank you to all the staff for being SO helpful and efficient throughout our stay, this hotel offers a much more personal touch than any others we've stayed in before. They have lots of good tips and will happily make reservations at restaurants and on day trips on your behalf. We were even provided with a takeaway breakfast at 6am before heading to the airport on our way home. Overall, this hotel offered great value, location and service. We would definitely recommend it to other travelers, for both short and longer stays.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great service and fantastic location!!!	We were very pleased in our two night stay at the Inn, since we were going off the Trip Advisor’s recommendations. Wayne and his staff (like others have said) really do make the stay at the Inn worth it. They make thier three star rating seem like four. They are humorous, knowledgeable and make you feel like you like you’re at home. They have a fine breakfast and wine/cheese hour each day. We ate at Morton’s (just seconds away) and above Macy’s at The Cheesecake Factory. We saw Wicked one night and it was a short taxi cab ($6.00) ride to the Orpheum (If you are over 5'10, either sit in the front rows or back rows, leg room is tight) I am glad we trusted the reviews on Trip Advisor and had such a nice stay at the Inn.	
Jul 6 2009 	Super location and super service!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights (July 1-3). We were greeted by a vary friendly and knowledgeable staff. We enjoyed the continental breakfast, the cheese and wine time and the evening cookies. Our rooms were clean and spacious. The location was great. The trolley and other modes of transportation were only a short walk away. We would stay here again on any future visits.	
Jul 6 2009 	Quaint hotel...loved the wine reception each evening	As several reviewers stated, don't be shocked by the small lobby. This is a small hotel, but is filled with personal touches. The staff is extremely helpful and the wine reception at 5:30 each evening was lovely. It was a great opportunity to relax, feel pampered, and meet a few guests. The room is quite small and my boyfriend stubbed his toe quite badly on the bench as he walked across the room. The room is nicely furnished, but with the small size could have used fewer pieces. We would definitely stay here again!!!	
Jul 6 2009 	Great location friendly/helpful staff	We stayed here for 3 nights and were upgraded to a king suite.The room was a reasonable size with excellent facilities.You cannot fault the location, a stone's throw from Union Square.The staff were all very, very helpful - they really could not do enough for you.No air-con may be an issue for some but it was cool enough without it.Nice continental breakfast.Nice touch of free 'wine tasting' in the evening.Free wi-fi did not work in the room, but it did in the reception areas.	
Jul 5 2009 	Way overrated	I have seen it before: An otherwise forgettable hotel makes it to the top of the TripAdvisor rankings through a combination of good prices and very friendly service. This place certainly has great service and good prices, and the location can't be beat. However, the hotel itself leaves more than a little to be desired. First, there was no air conditioning in our room; this necessitated sleeping with the windows open, and thus brought in all of the noises of the city. Not exactly the best night's sleep we've ever had. Second, the shower was one of the worst showers I have ever experienced (and that's including a lot of European showers!). It was very tight and the shower head could not be adjusted to actually spray onto one's body. If you can deal with these unpleasantries then this might be the place for you, but I was thoroughly unimpressed.	
Jul 5 2009 	Fantastic atmosheric friendly little place.	My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights. We got a complementary upgrade to a 'Queen Suite' which was nice. The only thing i would say would be that the views from a lower level room on the rear of the hotel will look directly onto a wall. If that doesn't bother you then good. The room was clean and reasonably big. Location is fantastic, you really are a short walk from union sq and the heart of san fran but far enough away to get peace and quiet. They held wine evenings every night, where you met with different guests from the hotel and had complementary wine and cheese. Lovely place, would recommend to anyone!	
Jul 2 2009 	Good location friendly staff nice room	We stayed for 4 nights in June. We liked the location, very friendly and helpful staff, our room decor and safe, complimentary snacks and wine every evening, complimentary wireless internet and the value for money that this hotel offers. The room was a little warm for our liking, did not seem to have air conditioning but did have a fan. Also there was ever present white noise from what seemed to be a huge air conditioning system in a courtyard space outside; this was overlooked by our room. The noise did not prevent us from sleeping but was not exactly pleasant either. There was a gold rush each morning for the complimentary breakfast and the day that we tried to get breakfast there was very little of anything left. We called down to reception and someone came promptly to replenish supplies. Also the breakfast area is small and can get crowded easily. Overall we recommend the Inn at Union Square, the positives of this hotel far outweigh the negatives. We especially thank ALL the staff for their warmth, friendliness and assistance during our stay. Everyone was extremely nice to us. Thanks!	
Jul 2 2009 	The Inn at Union Square is a jewel of a hotel right in the heart of San Francisco!	The Inn at Union Square is a jewel of a hotel right in the heart of San Francisco! No sooner do you walk into the lobby then you are warmly greeted and pampered after your long journey. The staff and service are exceptional. They take a special interest in meeting your every need. We can't say enough of how much we enjoyed our stay. The rooms are beautifully decorated and very comfortable. We stayed in a lovely suite that had a parlor sitting room. It was a perfect room to entertain our daughters whom we came to visit. We especially appreciated the free wine and cheese offered every day on two floors of the hotel. It was fun to meet other guests in this lovely setting with comfortable high back chairs around a fireplace. One evening, we spent several hours talking with Wayne, the hotel manager, and another guest, DeAnna. It felt like an evening with old friends. Then, later in the evening, Joseph, one of the staff, made delicious chocolate chip cookies. How could we resist? If this weren't enough, each morning the hotel offers a lovely breakfast with delicacies of croissants, eggs, biscuits, muffins, juice, coffee and tea.Aside from the wonderful amenities, the Inn is located just steps away from art galleries, great shopping, upscale restaurants, and of course, all the famous spots in San Francisco. We definitely will return to the Inn in the future and highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a comfortable, clean, quiet, bed and breakfast hotel right in the center of a most beautiful city.	
Jun 26 2009 	Unique superb hidden gem.	Wife and I,daughter and her friend had the pleasure of staying here during March 09 for 3 nights. The hotel has an old world unique charm with superb staff who are on the ball for service and customer relations. The rooms were excelent with flat screen tv and the usual trappings for hotel rooms and a fantastic personel touch of wine and nibbles being served infront of a real fire on the landing area on two of the floors giving you the chance to meet fellow guests. Location is superb being next to Union Sq and a short walk to the tram stops etc.	
Jun 22 2009 	This hotel lives up to its Trip Advisor Rating	We had a lovely 10th wedding anniversary stay at this hotel. We booked a deluxe King room, and were upgraded upon arrival to the King Suite for free. The staff is wonderful, and they truly seem to enjoy their jobs (which is reflected in their excellent service). Many Thanks to the staff for their cheerful attitude and helpful tips. They booked show tickets for us at a moment's notice, and mapped out for us great places to go that were in the same area as the show: appetizers, the show, dinner, and dessert. What a nice date night we had. Each place was excellent, and lived up to the claims of the staff. We would definitely stay here again. The only (minor) negative was the bathroom - the shower was much to be desired, but if I wanted a luxury bathroom, I would have gone to a spa. Stay here and Enjoy!!	
Jun 21 2009 	Perfect home-away-from-home in this truly wonderful city	Quite simply the best hotel I have ever stayed at. The location could not be better, located one minute from Union Square. Easy to get around the city from there. Plenty of shops (Macy*s/SAKS etc), and despite this central position, the rooms are away from the street, so a nice quiet and relaxing sanctuary to return to after a hectic day of sightseeing! The hotel itself is quite small, but the room size is absolutely fine for city centre location. Clean and modern bathrooms, and comfy beds. Nice quality TV (should you have time to watch any!) and very comfortable homely feeling. What makes this hotel really stand out however is the customer care. From entering the front desk area, Ken ensured that were warmly welcomed, and checked us in in no time. He really could not have been nicer. During our stay we would have the pleasure to meet some of the other staff, including Omar and David on the front desk, who were equally great - offering recommendations of what to see during our stay, and also there to just have a nice chat at the end of the day. As you have probably read in other reviews, the hotel offers complimentary wine and cheese in the early evenings. I highly recommend you attend this. Lovely way to meet other travelers, and to also have a glass (or two) of wine with hotel manager Wayne. Another fantastic member of staff, very entertaining and full of San Fran hot tips! Lovely way to start the evening. If you find yourself back at the hotel around 8:30pm, make sure you take a look down at the communal seating area at the end of each floor. Tony bakes cookies each night and places them out in small jars. Be quick though - they are addictive and disappear quickly! We loved our room, the location and most of all the truly fabulous staff. We can't wait to return to this incredible city, and we already know where we will be staying. C + A.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fabulous location - lovely hotel with great service	We stayed for 5 days in April 2009 and loved it! We stayed on the 4th floor in the room all the way at the end and were very pleased with the size of the room and all the comforts that came with it. The breakfast at the end of the hall was a great way to start the day and the evening wine and cheese were a wonderful perk! Our only issue was the internet access was very limited. We could not get access in our room, and therefore had to check our messages from the common areas. The most important thing for us was location - and it was superb. The personal service was charming - we will return!	
Jun 12 2009 	Best value and location in Fan Fran	Just jump on the BART and go to Market Street and you are there in no time. Don't let the small reception put you off - Great location, clean tidy rooms, very helpful staff at reception, perfect buffet brekkie.	
Jun 10 2009 	What a charming comfortable place to stay!	Spouse and I met with another family member for a stay in an executive suite. Both bed and sofa bed very comfortable. Extra half-bath off living area very handy. Very pleasant staff eager to please. Should you have trouble with the wireless internet, be sure to check with the hotel staff; a cable booster was available. Wireless service techies, though pleasant, may not tell you that! Excellent continental breakfast. We were never there for the wine/cheese hour. Front desk offered excellent service from getting cabs to offering info on current happenings in the city. Don't be put off by the tiny lobby; the rooms are ample. The lobby is part of this hostelry's charm. We didn't try the working fireplace or the off-site gym/pool.	
Jun 9 2009 	It does the job	This hotel is in a good location and feels modern'ish', so for the money I was happy.We stayed in a room one class up from standard. The room was large, but it didn't blow my socks off.The airconditioner was placed in the window - and was behind the blinds = not effective or blinds need to be open all night. It has a bath shower and shower curtain. Yuk.The bathroom was tiny and while it was recently refurbuished, it felt amatuer hour, like a five year old did the tiling. The finish was bad so it still felt kind of 'old' and dirty.The decor in the main room was cute, with fun lamps and a desk and the bed was comfortable. It isn't a spectacular hotel, but you aren't paying spectacular prices either.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Value wonderful service	This hotel is in a very good location. They offer a social wine tasting every evening for free and the employees are helpful and friendly. The room was very recently re-furbished and is very lovely.	
May 31 2009 	An absolute gem!	It's all been said already but I have to put my tuppence-worth in. On arrival at the very small frontage my heart plummeted , thinking what had we come to, and again in the tiny reception. However, by the time we got to our room my spirits lifted at the sheer quaint/nostalgic feeling this hotel gave. Our room was lovely and that fabulously comfy bed - where did they get it cos we want one! Everything about this hotel ticked all the boxes and the staff were great. Location, breakfast, the cookie jar, apples - all the little touches - perfect! We'll be back!	
May 31 2009 	Are all of us crazy?	We were there in september 2008. We don't understand the good qualification of this hotel.First the positive:- Good locationThe negative:- Bad matress- Small room- Noisy- Dirty- Uncomfortable- Old-fashioned- Bad breakfast (You had to be faster than the roadrunner to get the cakes)	
May 30 2009 	A great stay at the Inn at Union Square!	The front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful in planning our daily excursions. The hotel is well situated. My son loved the continental breakfast in the morning and cheese and crackers in the evening (I enjoyed the wine!). The rooms were very clean. Rather than do valet parking, we parked at the Union Square ramp, which is just a block down on Post Street. It was $31/day, which wasn’t much cheaper than valet but it was a nice walk and we didn’t have to call ahead to get our car. Our favorite meal was at Uncle Vito’s Pizza, 2 blocks up on Powell and Bush. Great pasta, and the pizza looked great too!	
May 22 2009 	Great location clean and spacious room.	There is nothing to fault with this gem of a hotel. The location is conveniently located to allow you access to cable cars if you want to head to the water and it's in the buzzy and vibrant district of Union sq.We stayed in a Deluxe room. It was clean and spacious, continental breakfast was sparse but fresh. All in all, great experience.	
May 20 2009 	Absolutely brilliant - don't go anywhere else! or there should be six stars for this one.	This is without the best hotel I have stayed in full stop. On arrival I looked at the entrance and my heart sank. Basically a doorway and an awning, that’s all that marks the front of the Inn at Union Square. Even as I entered I was filled with doubt and felt I was on the edge of yet another disappointment. How wrong I was.If I said the reception I received was amazing, I would honestly be cheating you of the true experience. We were made to feel like the most special customers on the planet. Courtesy was displayed in abundance; whoever trains or selects the staff should receive a medal. They couldn’t give us enough advice or assistance with planning our stay. Nothing was a problem in the slightest. I was deeply impressed by the service I received, a big thank you to everyone there for that.I found the room very bright, airy and comfortable. The decor was to a good standard and the fixtures and fittings seemed totally appropriate for my requirements. The hotel is full on environment aware so everything is about going green. And it works. There’s even a superb mission statement outside the lift that supports the hotels commitment to the customer and to the environment. And I firmly believe they mean what they say.Breakfast was served down the corridor in a special reserved area. Mmmmm I thought sounds dodgy but you know something, even that was great! A nice touch was the local newspaper on the doorstep in the morning. It all really got too much when reception rang me, totally unprompted to ask if they could book me a taxi as I was leaving in the morning. Absolutely switched on to every need I reckon. 10 out of 10 to this hotel. Thanks for the superb stay. This hotel should be the benchmark for all others to meet, I’m totally serious. Definitely don’t go anywhere else you’d be crazy......I'm going on so much about how good it is I forgot to say the location is good as well. The trolley car stops just at the end of the road and there's buses and taxis enough to go around. Stuck for info ...... ask at reception :-)	
May 18 2009 	Congratulations The Inn at Union Square!!! You are number one indeed!	We stayed at The Inn at Union Square this April for 7 days. My husband had a conference at Moscone ctr and this was our first time in San Francisco. We were so glad we didn't book with Mariott - the official conference hotel. Charming historic building and amaising staff at The Inn at Union Square made our stay in San Francisco unforgettable. I will not repeat all the details - they are in other reviewes - but I would like to congratulate the staff and especially manager Wayne with Trawellers Choice Award. Thank you for making our stay special!	
May 13 2009 	Brilliant in every way!!!!	Great location - close to union square, trolleys and buses take you everywhere. Buy a MUNI pass and you can travel everywher for a few dollars a day - great value. We shopped heaps - Victoria's Secret just around the corner. Every major department store and boutique imaginable just minutes away. Food in SF is great - Cheescake Factory just across the square, on top of Macys has an awesome menu - so hard to choose.Hotel staff are exceptionally amazing - all very different personalities but all customer service oriented. You wouldn't expect it from such a great-looking boutique hotel. They suggested restaurants and advised us on how to get around to various places. Can't fault them at all. Thanks to David, Omar and Wayne. Cleaning staff were very friendly also. I can't remember the last time I received such great customer service. Thank you - it makes a difference to your stay in a new city.Breakfast every morning is great - cereal, pastries, yogurt, fruit, eggs, etc. Cheese and wine in the evening, and fresh-baked chocolate chip cookies left out for guests at night. Every floor has a tea room/area, where you can help yourself to teas and apples at any time. Nice if you want a quiet place to relax.As for the rooms, VERY CLEAN, and serviced daily, complimentary water bottle and chocolate on arrival. The decor is beautiful!!!! I'm very picky about where I stay and I was impressed. Rooms are spacious for a big city. 24 hour reception and electronic cards make it a very safe/secure hotel. Quiet business centre room free to use which was handy as we did not travel with a laptop. Can't fault it in any way. If I come back to SF I will only stay here. It is a gem!	
May 12 2009 	Almost perfect!	Location and staff are wonderful! The only things I could fault would be a few spots in the carpet in the room and view of a brick wall out the window.... However, I would still list this as a 'gem'. The staff was very helpful and pleasant; and the location, a half block from Union Square, was ideal! Breakfast selections were nice, and the complimentary wine and appetizers from 5:30 to 7:00 p.m. were a lovely addition, giving a chance to chat a bit with fellow guests. Robes were hanging in the closet, and wireless internet connection worked well, if a bit slowly (you need to get a user name and password from the front desk). This is a very European sort of inn...of the sort that Rick Steves would recommend in his books, if it were in Europe!	
May 10 2009 	Crikey this place is a little beauty!	My wife and I recently enjoyed a wonderful stay at this quiet, gorgeous little hotel. Got a great deal on Expedia and the tripadvisor reviews were excellent. The Inn was so close to the shopping at Union Square that my credit card melted from my wifes use! and easy walk to cable cars. Check in was a breeze, got in a little early but Omar at the front desk simply said &quot;no worries your room is ready&quot; up to the 5th floor, great room with king bed, very comfortable with great amenities in bathroom. We stayed on the 5th floor which has breakfast set up every morning and the evening wine and cheese reception, easy access from your room. Breakfast every morning was superb, toast, pastries, muffins, hard boiled eggs, juice, coffee, yougurt, fresh fruit just awesome before hitiing the sights. You can catch the cable cars just meters down the street from the hotel. At 5.30pm every night wonderful wine and chees reception on the 5th and 3rd floors, great local wines, wonderful fruit and cheese platters and soft drink (pop) if you do not want to sample lovely wines from Napa! Great way to meet new people and get some great ideas on what to see and do. The staff at the hotel were simply wonderful, ask for anything from directions to rental cars to transport to restaurants nothing was too hard. The hotels location is simply wonderful, catch the bart from the airport and a short walk from powell street and you are at the hotel. We went to the baseball to see the giants and got to the park in less than 10 minutes from the hotel using public transport, easy and cheap and AT&amp;T park is awesome. The rooms are a little small but for 2 adults on vacation from freezing cold Edmonton it was just perfect. We are originally from Australia and met many Aussies on our trip many of which stayed at the hotel as well, very popular with folks from downunder and again can't recommend the hotel enough. Would definately stay here again anytime we come to San Fransisco and highly recommend this establishment to anyone. Great job and thanks to all at Inn at Union Sqare for making our trip ( wedding anniversary ) really awesome.	
May 8 2009 	Great Location Great Service	My girlfriend and I couldn't wait to get to San Francisco, we read all the reviews on Trip Advisor, and decided that this would be the best value for money vs location. We weren't disappointed from that side at all. On arrival, we were upgraded, and thank goodness for that, as the hotel is where we spent most of our time, as both of us were unfortunately sick. The staff were great though, they managed to keep our room clean when we mustered the strength to go on a tour, they were great with offering advice and directions, and even where we could find the closest doctor.The room has a sitting room with a flat screen tv, as well as in the bedroom. the bed was large and comfortable, and even though we had a problem with the toilet, the staff were excellent in sorting it out.You can not beat the location, just off Union Square, and real close to the BART station and cable car.Unfortunately we couldn't take advantage of the wine and continental breakfast, but looked good.It is a small hotel, and the room can get a bit claustrophobic if you spend too much time there like us unfortunately.The service is excellent, and the location really is great. Just can not be beat. We would definitely return, hopefully on a healthier note.	
May 8 2009 	Perfect boutique hotel	We stayed here in May this year and it is one of the lovliest hotels we have stayed in. San Francisco is a beautiful city and the location is perfect. The hotel is fairly small and very friendly. The staff cannot do enough to help you. We loved the complimentary evening cheese and wine. There are so many other special touches, delicious breakfasts and evening home cooked cookies. We cannot fault this place.	
May 7 2009	Don't be put off by the small reception area it's an excellent hotel in a great location.	I booked this hotel last minute for my parents as the hotel I was staying in had no rooms available. This hotel had received excellent reviews on tripadvisor.com and they were all true to their word. Although the reception area and lift are small, the rooms themselves are a nice size, clean and comfortable. The room had a seating area, dressing table, flatscreen tv aswell as a good sized bed. The bathroom was small but spotless. A delicious continental breakfast was included in the price (just under €500 for 4 nights) was served on a few different floors until 10am in the morning. Breakfast was laid out on the landing area and they provided you with trays so you could bring it back to your room. Complimentary newspaper every morning. Complimentary wine and cheese served 5pm-7pm every evening. They also had tea and coffee facilities laid out on a few different floors all day (my parents were delighted with this as they love their tea). Fab location only steps away from Union Square. It may not be the fanciest of hotels but the service and value for money in this hotel is unbelievable in this day and age compared to other hotels in and around Union Square.Only downfall no air con but the windows do open in the room.	
May 4 2009 	Tops for service and location	I spent 6 nights at the hotel as a solo traveler. Athough this was my 3rd trip to San Francisco it was my 1st stay at the Inn at Union Square. I prefer small hotels and this one was excellent from the very clean rooms to the continental breakfast to the evening wine and cheese. The staff could not have been more friendly, courteous or helpful. They made excellent recommendations and gave good directions for touring the city. The location was perfect for getting around either on foot or on the MUNI system. If you like to shop, the hotel is near all the best department stores and specialty shops. Borders is right around the corner and when I decided to go to Sausalito, I popped into Borders for a quick glance at a guide book. As for the breakfast area being crowded, one had the option of taking a tray to one's room. I preferred this as I could eat breakfast while scanning the newspaper that was delivered to each room or catching the news on TV. It was a bonus to have a bowl of apples on each floor and an electric kettle with a selection of teas. Coming back from the ballet on a chilly evening I appreciated being able to take a cup of hot tea to my room. I would most definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 4 2009 	Excellent service position and value for money	Stayed here for 3 nights with my husband, 2 kids (9, 11) and my parents. All of us were very impressed with the location, right on union square better location than the high priced hotels. We arrived at 10 am exhausted from a flight from Australia and for the first time in my many travels they had both rooms ready and available for immediate occupation, WOW. The service the whole time was wonderful, breakfast in the morning and wine with nibbles every evening. It was like staying in a home away from home. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 3 2009 	Great Location	We spent three nights at the Inn for &quot;carnavales&quot; and we picked this hotel based on the reviews we found in Trip Advisor. We were pleased with how neat and clean the hotel was, and the decoration is very appropriate for a boutique hotel. The service was excellent. The location is ideal a conveniently located near everything you might be interested in seeing.In general, the hotel is great for a romantic gatewaway. The only drawback is that they serve breakfast in a small hall they have in the third and fifth floors, and some times in the third floor only, which gets crowded and uncomfortable at times, as these areas accomodate up to 4 people at anytime.	
Apr 26 2009 	The Best in SFO	The Inn is one of the best hotels we have ever used. Everything about it is great. It is a small hotel, about 25 rooms, so don't expect some of the big hotel things like pools or gyms. But if you love great, small, European style hotels with amazing service, beautiful and very comfortable rooms, only steps from Union Square, look no further.The staff is amazing and made perfect recommendations for restaurants and tours, which by the way, the best tours in SFO are free. Ask the front desk for the info. The afternoon wine and cheese receptions are hosted by a member of the staff and are really great. The whole hotel takes part. We looked forward to it everyday. It is the first time I have ever participated in any free wine reception at a hotel. They are usually boring and have bad wine. This however was wonderful. Lots of visitors from Europe mad it very nice.I can't say enough about the Inn. You must try it.	
Apr 24 2009 	Awesome hotel very sociable great helpful staff	A great hotel in a fantastic location, free wii-fi, complimentary wine tasting and continental breakfast. Amazingly helpful staff (thanks Wayne and Ken)... would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting something a little different and sociable!	
Apr 23 2009 	Wonderful stay	My Partner and I spent a week at the Inn at Union Square in April. We paid a little extra for a King room and it was definitely worth it. We had a huge bed as well as a good sized sofa/lounge area and it was nice to have the extra space.The service was exceptional - everyone was so friendly from the housekeepers to the guys on reception.Bathrooms were a good size and I enjoyed the Aveda products.We were there in unseasonably warm weather (32 degrees) and there was no air conditioning only ceiling fans so one night was a bit warm.We didn't have a view from the room but it was very quiet. Location is excellent - just off union square and in the centre of eveything. It's right on one of the main cable car lines.There is a continental breakfast (bagels, pastries, cereals etc.), wine and cheese in the evening and then cookies from about 8:30pm.	
Apr 21 2009 	Adequate	We stayed just one night and found the hotel to be clean, comfortable, and in a great Union Square location. For the price this hotel is great! Wine and cheese are complimentary each evening, a continental breakfast is provided in the morning. Wi-fi is also FREE!! The negative aspects of this hotel is the small barthrooms and narrow hallways. However, if you are looking for a good deal in Union Square and you don't mind being a little cramped- this place is probably the best deal in downtown San Fran. The hotel has both self parking and valet parking for a fee.	
Apr 16 2009 	Loved every aspect of this place!	I loved this hotel - it had a brilliant location, really close to Union Square, with all its shops and people, and places to eat. I loved my cosy room, which was plenty big enough for me travelling alone, but if you want big and spacious, it isn't really that. Each night we would meet in the lobby, for drinks and snacks with Wayne, who was charming and urbane, and I could find out about things to do and see, by talking to him and also the other guests - it was a lovely way to be part of the hotel, instead of just disappearing into your room, as you do in most hotels. I would visit San Francisco again, just to stay in this hotel! All the staff were very friendly and helpful too, especially the ever smiling Tony!	
Apr 12 2009 	Lovely hotel in a great location.	We stayed here for four nights and could not fault it. The staff were extremely helpful right from arrival, the room was well presented and always thoroughly cleaned every day. One of the pleasing features was all the little extras above what you get in an average US hotel which would make us recommend it - good choice at breakfast, quality toiletries, free wine and hors d'oeuvres for the pre-evening out drink as well as free internet access (even if you don't have your own laptop - good for online check-in!) and tea/biscuits in the evening. Excellent location too, especially if like us, you intend to travel round using public transport. Would be first choice if going to SF again.	
Apr 7 2009 	Excellent all round hotel	The hotel appears small, but our room was really spacious. It was kept clean and well stocked. The staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. All the amenities and complimentaries you would expect from a quality hotel. More than adequate Continental breakfast, tea, coffee, fruit always available. A nice extra is the complimentary cheese and wine in the evenings in the guest lobby of one of the floors. The hotel is ideally situated especially for my wife (very near to Macy's). If we revisit San Francisco we would stay there again without hesitation.	
Apr 3 2009 	Would recommend again and again	Would reiterate everything that has been said in previous reviews - loved this hotel - so friendly and intimate in a big city.	
Apr 1 2009 	Would not hesitate to stay here again	The hotel was centrally situated with friendly helpful staff ,the complimentary breakfast was an added bonus.We stayed for three nights and each evening there was complimentary wine from 5.00pm to about 7,30pm this was hosted by the manager or a member of staff who were only too willing to reccomend restaurants etc in the vicinity .We met so many interesting people of all ages from all walks of life,many of them who stayed there on a regular basis when they visited San Francisco.	
Mar 31 2009 	Nice little hotel in the heart of SF	Clean hotel with friendly staff right in the heart of San Francisco. The only reason I voted 4 star overall is because it doesn't have a bar or restaurant, but obviously this isn't too much of a problem in San Francisco! Don't think twice about booking this hotel if you want nice accommodation in a great location	
Mar 29 2009 	The most enjoyable hotel experience I've ever had	I found this hotel on trip advisor. It more than met my expectations. The staff was so firendly and helpful. It's location is perfect. It hosts international travelers which makes for interesting conversations during the daily &quot;happy hours&quot;. The breakfast they provide is outstanding and can meet the dietary needs of anyone. I will stay here every time I return to San Francisco. I have stayed at nine different San Francisco hotels over the years, and none can compare to this Inn. It is small and intimate. I have traveled many places during the last fifty years and never have found a hotel which suited me as well.	
Mar 28 2009 	It Was All About The Birthday Girls	My friends and I have our quarterly Girlfriends' Getaway and this getaway was special as it fell on our birthdays. The stay at the Inn was FANTASTIC--EXCEEDING OUR EXPECTATIONS!!! From the moment we walk in the door we were treated as though we were royalty. Joseph, Tony, Wayne Olson, Heidi, Omar, and our favorite, Josie, were very accommodating in providing not only great service, but recommendations on what to see, where to go, where to eat, etc. The nightly wine and cheese reception was a nice touch and very relaxing after a day of sightseeing and shopping. Wayne and Heidi made certain we had everything and spent time chatting with us about the sights of San Francisco. Tony and Josie were great and made certain we didn't want for anything. Joseph and Omar provided great tips on where to eat, shopping areas (not that we needed help on that one) and took the time to ask how our day went when we returned to the Inn. We stayed in the Penthouse and never bumped into each other as we each had plenty of room. The continental breakfast provided healthy choices and again, was so relaxing you hated to get up. We will definitely return to the Inn. Thank you all for making this one of our best weekend getaways!	
Mar 24 2009 	Wonderful Stay at The Inn at Union Square	Enjoyed an exceptionally large room (used to tiny hotel rooms in the city) with an abudantant array of extras like wine and cheese, bottled water, fancy bath products, newspaper, and continental breakfast. The room was decorated immaculately and the service was most helpful. The attendants with our bags and serving the wine and cheese were extremely pleasent. The location is top notch for shopping and a quick cab ride to most anywhere else. (We took a cab to North Beach for dinner).I highly recommend this hotel. I stay in probably 10 hotels a year and this one ranks as one of the best value for the money.	
Mar 20 2009 	Skip the big convention hotels and stay here.	I have stayed at the Inn 3 times in the last 5 years - all for conferences. Rather than stay at the big Hilton or Marriott where the conferences are held, I much prefer the quiet of the inn and personal service over the noise of the bigger venues. The cost always works out to be less expensive, too, when I consider the savings for the free, wonderful continental breakfast served at the Inn and the Wine Reception in the evenings. The addition of Wayne as Innkeeper and Heidi as server at the Wine Reception was a good move. Thanks ken, Wayne, Heidi, and all other friendly, helpful employees!	
Mar 6 2009 	The best things in life (and the Inn at Union Square) are free!	While the price isn't phenomenal, little extras made the big difference:FREE- In room Internet- chocolates, bottled water- evening wine and cheese- Aveda bath products- continental breakfast- newspaperWe arrived after a long drive, hungry and road weary, and were so pleased to have valet take care of the car ($40 for 1 night btw), drop our bags in the room and chill out with complimentary wine and cheese. Many restaurants nearby; we chose Scala - pretty good! Woke up the next morning, read the complimentary paper and had a complimentary breakfast before heading out to the airport (only 30 minutes away). We will be coming back for sure!!	
Mar 3 2009 	Quiet retreat - next to everything	Our stay at the Inn at Union Square was perfect. An oasis just steps from Union Square and the city at your doorstep. Staff was very helpful and courteous. Rooms were spacious and very clean. Elegant decor with the feel of a grand hotel. All the extras included - free internet service , full breakfast, chocolate chip cookies, and drinks/snacks in the evening! The only downside was parking was via valet (or you could walk 2 blocks to a public lot) and you had to wait for your car but to be expected in most downtown areas.	
Feb 27 2009 	Best Hotel in San Francisco	We stayed there February 25th. Our first time and we definitely would return. Not a hotel for those who prefer the large chain, full service places. This is more like a small European hotel. Staff members were polite, friendly, knowledgeable and quick to address our needs. Rooms, while not large, are well appointed and VERY quiet. Both the gratis continental breakfast and evening wine/cheese events were perfect. Given that these are included in the room price, this hotel gives excellent value-for-money. The Inn is centrally located and that enabled us to walk easily to shopping areas, theaters and restaurants. The small alcoves at the ends of each floor, where both breakfast and wine/cheese are served are particularly nice because they encourage mingling among guests.	
Feb 20 2009 	Still Our Favourite SF Hotel!	Over the past five years, my husband and I have stayed at this inn whenever possible (ie are able to snag a good deal!). It is our hotel of choice because:- all staff, from desk manager to housekeeping ladies, are friendly and helpful- perfect location: right at Union Square. Saks and flagship Williams Sonoma in the next block- complementary continental breakfast is fresh and delicious (hard-boiled eggs, assorted breads and pastries, yogurt, cereals)- atmosphere is calm, intimate and elegant, without being toffee-nosed!- clean, relaxing rooms, decorated in golds and reds -- while downtown SF hotels are usually on the small size, have never felt cramped in this hotel's rooms- nice business room with one internet station &amp; printerTo the management and staff: we really appreciate staying at your lovely hotel, thanks and look forward to seeing you again!	
Feb 19 2009 	You'll Love It!	My wife and I have just returned from a fabulous trip to San Francisco in February. We stayed at the &quot;Inn at Union Square&quot;, chosen on the strength of the comments posted on Tripadvisor. Right from the start we where made very welcome by Omar on the front desk, check-in was painless and quick, good after a long 11hr flight. We also met Carmen, who is one of the House-hold staff. She was so polite we were going to bring her home :-). David helped us out with the Wifi connection, as my Laptop is a little long-in-the-tooth and my network card wouldn't do as it should &quot;like work!&quot; anyway David sorted it out in no time with a little plug-in gismo they have in reception. The continental breakfast was just right, and fresh each morning. The Hotel's location is so central to everything. The room was very clean, indeed the general condition of the Hotel is very good. This is a small Hotel, the staff are very friendly and helpful, &quot;Plastic &amp; false they are not&quot;. We enjoyed our stay in the Inn at Union Square, and would stay again.	
Feb 18 2009 	Pleasant Boutique Hotel in a fab location	Location &amp; service made this a great stay. Chocolate chip cookies and turn down service are a great way to be spoiled and a wondrfull Continental breakfast every morning was excellent. But there is no view, the rooms are tired and very much in need of repair. (We stayed in 2 rooms; 305 and 407, asked to be moved from 305 as it was rather small and the view is of a brick wall. 407 is larger and a very limited view). So, if it was not for the great deal on Expedia(the hotel could not even match it - $177.00 CDN per night as an average for 5 nights Fri - Tues) We would not be rating the hotel as high as we are(the rooms are just too much in need of minor repairs that are very very visual!). And would we stay there again - no! For their set rates - you can do better.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great Location exceptional service	My wife and I stayed at this small boutique hotel recently and really enjoyed the experience. We enjoyed the room and took advantage of the breakfast spread in the mornings. The staff was very helpful, dinner reservations, transportation, etc. When heading back to SF... this will be my #1 choice.	
Feb 11 2009 	Loved this little gem	We loved staying in this delighful liitle hotel in the heart of the city, close to all forms of public transport. The staff were welcoming, friendly and helpful. The rooms were comfortable and well furnished &amp; we enjoyed the facility of taking breakfast trays back to the room. The wine &amp; cheese provided in the evenings gave opportunities for chatting with fellow travellers if desired.We would certainly return!	
Feb 2 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	This is one of the best hotels that we have stayed at. The staff is very friendly and everybody works very hard to make sure that you have the best stay possible. The room isn't huge, but it is comfortable and decorated nicely. The hotel is surprisingly quiet for the the middle of the town. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel is right in the center of town. It is close to the cable car lines and is a 15 min. ride to Fisherman's Wharf. The breakfast and wine happy hour are great. The only (very minor) criticism about this hotel is that the safe was on the top shelf of the closet. If you are shorter than 6' you might have get up on a chair to use it.If you like the big fancy hotels, this isn't the place for you. If you like small, comfortable lodgings with great service, you will like the Inn at Union Square.	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Hotel	Excellent room, continental breakfast, staff, wine happy hour and location. Highly recommend it.	
Jan 22 2009 	A great place!	Sorry I am just writig this-but I wanted to write a review about teh Inn. We stayed there for 3 nights in Nov 2008. It was an excellent find. We went to the wine country for a few days and then came in to the city. We hate big, chain hotels; so this was perfect. It is a GREAT location...we literaly walked across the street to catch the trolly or go shopping. We were a block away from the Chinatown gates...The staff was very professional and courteous; they helped with directions, suggested some great restaurants, and jazz clubs. They even helped my boyfriend with the 'proposal plan'! The rooms were well maintained. I noticed there were children staying in the hotel-but I never heard them. And the happy hour was a perfect way to start the evening. They had some great wines out!If you are looking for a W or Hyatt type of place-this isn't your route. But if a boutique type hotel is your style-this is a great find!	
Jan 12 2009 	Great Location Friendly Staff	Cant say enough about this hotel. Excellent location, friendly staff who couldnt do enough for us. The rooms aren't massive but hey when you have a great city like San Fran at your door why would you want to stay in the room. Bed was super comfy! We got a great deal on hotels.com which basically gave us our third night for free so was excellent value. Only thing I would say is that as breakfast is on each floor we were in one of the rooms near the breakfast room so could hear them setting it up. On the plus side they serve wine and cheese in the same place in the evening so we were closest to that ;-) But this is all about location, 30min walk to Fisherman's whalf, shopping at the front door, and a tram stop in stumbling distance.	
Jan 7 2009 	A calm oasis in wild and crazy SF...	We were in town for a wedding and wanted to stay someplace quiet - which can be hard to do in the vicinity of Union Square. But we found this tiny (TINY) little oasis and were mostly delighted with the experience. It was blissfully quiet - amazing since we were staying there on Halloween and the night after (and Halloween in SF can be pretty wild). Sadly, our room had zero view - but it was worth it for the peace. While there is nothing grand about the place, it's elegant and charming, and the staff is first-rate. Keep in mind it has a blink-and-you-miss-it entrance; we drove around for a while looking for a GREEN awning as it said on its website, when it was actually dark red! Some relatively small issues: I had reserved a King bed well in advance, but when we arrived, we were told that due to construction, our room was no longer available, so we were put in a Queen, which turned out okay (and the cost was reduced). Also, our phone blinked continuously, even though we had no messages. No one could figure out why. Finally - and this one REALLY irked me: We paid about $36/day for the valet service (a real deal in Union Square, amazingly) and as they brought the car around after we checked out, we jumped in....only to find the front passenger seat SOAKING WET. It had rained heavily that weekend and apparently no one had bothered to ensure the windows were closed. We were also under the impression that the car would be in a covered structure! I complained (though not formally) and hoped for a partial refund of the parking fee, but none was forthcoming. It was a bad way to end what was essentially a delightful stay. Some advice: Be sure to check your windows are CLOSED TIGHT when you hand over the keys to the valet!	
Dec 28 2008 	Great Stay	Stayed at the Inn for 5 nights in early November and had a great stay. As mentioned in previous reviews this is great hotel and I agree with all the positive comments. It isn't a large 5 star property, but great value for money.The breakfast and drinks at night are great. All staff are extremely friendly and go out the way to help you.There was some confusion when making our booking so we were promptly upgraded at no charge.I would highly recommend if you are looking for value for money (and happy not to stay in a large hotel) in a great location.	
Dec 14 2008 	disappointed	I have been coming to this Inn off and on for the last 10 years. My most recent trip was a great disappointment as I see that the quality of the rooms are not of the same standard the first time I reserved a room.I noticed that the fixtures were worn and the carpeting was a berber type rather than plush carpeting. Everything looked somewhat dated and lower quality.The breakfast, tea and turn down are also somewhat of a lower standard compared to my first stay here. The rooms and hallways and elevators are narrow as mentioned in all the posts, however what I like most about this place is the sense of intimacy and personalization. The staff does make you feel like a guest in their &quot;home&quot;.	
Dec 5 2008 	Don't stay here if you like impersonal large cavernous hotel chains	The Inn is definitely one of the smallest hotels I have stayed in within the US within recent memory. You know, that can be good or bad. If you want to be anonymous it might be bad. I was in San Francisco on business, attending a conference at the Marriott but chose to stay here based on the reviews. The Marriott was a half mile walk, by the way. And the Marriott is a Marriott is a Marriott. Switching it up can be good.Check in went fine. They did not have my hotel website reservation in their system. After asking me if I had I confirmation, I showed them the reservation I had printed out and brought along from home. Not sure where the disconnect was, but this was a Monday and there were probably less than 10 rooms occupied. I don't know what they would have done if it was the weekend (they said they were going to be completely booked).The hotel is small. The lobby is small. The hallways are small. The room is small. The bathroom is small. The elevator is small and slow. But, the room is nicely appointed, clean and had a very large and really comfortable bed. When I first saw the shower I said &quot;what?!?, you're kidding&quot; as it is tiny by most standards. But, it got the job done and the water pressure could clean an elephant. The TV, a Dell flat-screen was nice and it didn't have that whole hotel interface crap on it, it was just a TV with channels like you have at home. Turn down service with water and chocolates was great!The touches that I really appreciated and don't find often if ever at a hotel:You see the same people working there all the time. They all ask how you are, if you need anything at all, and are super polite (from the front desk to the maids). Did I mention super polite? The wonderful and bountiful breakfast spread in the morning on each floor. I could smell the coffee wafting into my room from down the hall in the mornings. The fact they give you a real newspaper in the morning and not USA Today. The wine and hors d'oeuvres in the evening. The call you get from the front desk the night before checkout asking if you need a wake-up call or taxi. The cute little fireplace in the sitting room on each floor.I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 24 2008 	Only place to stay in San Francisco	My fiance and I stayed at the Inn for 2 nights in November. Our room was clean and decorated very tastefully. The bed and pillows were super comfortable. The breakfast and afternoon wine/cheese was delicious and really fun. The staff held our bags when we arrived early and sent them to our room when it was ready. We had the opportunity to chat with some of the cleaning staff and they are wonderful.. most have been working for the Inn for 20 years -- I think that is probably unheard of that line of service. Totally recommend staying here and when we go back to San Fran - this is the only hotel that we will think about staying in.	
Nov 17 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Inn @ Union Sq in late October 2008 as part of our honeymoon. As per alot of other reviews we found the hotel to be excellent. The whole place is small and friendly completely unlike a big chain hotel. We had an issue with our room when we first checked in and this was quickly rectified by the staff and we were able to move immediately. The location is excellent right in the heart of everything and the food was brilliant, extensive breakfast options and wine and cheese each evening. Would definitely stay there again without hesitation.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great 4 night stay	I will not repeat the information in the previous review. All that was written is true. I traveled by myself for a conference at the Moscone Center. My husband joined me for the last nights stay before going to Sonoma. As a single women traveler, I felt very safe at this hotel. My room on the 4th floor was very quiet. I could not hear anyone above or next to us. I needed to hire a taxi one night. the front desk staff member actually came out to the street to get me one. Unfortunately, that night I lost my room key card, credit card and driver's license. The staff front desk man wrote down the names and phone #s of 7 top taxis without me asking. At least this made me feel as though I had some control in the situation. Sadly, I did not get my cards back. Luckily I traveled with my passport for the flight home. I would go back to this hotel anytime I am in San Fran again	
Nov 13 2008 	Ideal location nice perks warm staff average room	My wife and I just completed a 5 night stay here. Here are the highlights.PRO's: The location is ideal: on the corner of Post &amp; Powell just off Union Square. The closest BART is Powell Station, about 3-4 blocks away &amp; 25 min. ride from SFO. Chinatown is 3-4 blocks away and the hotel is on several major bus lines. Shopping and great restaurants abound as Union Square is the heart of the city.We interacted with 6 different staff - all very warm, engaging, and very helpful with bus routes, local attractions, etc. We enjoyed the complimentary breakfasts (hard boiled eggs, 5-6 breads w/jams, cereals, OJ &amp; coffee, pastries, etc).The Inn also has a complimentary wine/happy hour from 5pm - 7pm every night on two separate floors. The self serve HH is very generous and includes 4 bottles of wine (2 reds/2 whites), 3 cheeses, dozens of crackers, fresh fruit, nuts and other sweets.Small business center with complimentary internet access, telephone, and free printer for hotel guests.Rooms have LCD flat screen TV's with lots of cable &amp; premium channels.CON's:The Inn has no lobby and the complimentary breakfasts &amp; HH's occur at the end of a hallway on two floors, just enough room for a small table a few chairs. Meeting friends and socializing with other guests can be challenging but still worth it.The rooms are typical in size for a big city hotel, small but cozy. May be a turn off for more than two people. Our bed seemed a little old and bowed in the middle. Overall: Ideal hotel w/great staff and nice perks with a location that you can't beat for the price. Shop around and you may find a competitive rate, particularly in the off-season like we did. Will definitely stay here again. A word of caution: the Tenderloin neighborhood begins about 5 blocks West of the Inn. Like any big city, it can be a little gritty at night. The area immediately around the Inn is safe and very busy with activity.	
Nov 12 2008 	Highly rated	I liked this place. I checked in very early at 8.00 am and they had no room. They asked me to come back in two hours and when my room was still not available, I was upgraded to a suite - which was also not ready but at least I was able to have a shower etc after a might on plane. I love the breakfast scheme - a nice buffet with a tray back to you room. Flat screen TV's etc and well appointed rooms. Excellent location and great value for money by US big city standards. Highly recommmended.	
Oct 30 2008 	The Inn At Union Square a Great Little Hotel	My 6 night stay was a pleasant experience, the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The morning breakfast foods were always fresh and good as well as the complimentary wine and cheeses in the evening. The staff was very warm and friendly and willing to help if I had any questions. The &quot;public&quot; areas are quite small so they were not conducive to groups but for a single or couple it is very nice.	
Oct 28 2008 	Top Marks	The Inn at Union Square, San Francisco.We have just returned home (Australia) following a month long trip in Canada and the US. San Francisco has been a favourite destination on previous visits and this time was no exception. Adding to our enjoyment of this stay was the choice of hotel (guided by reviews in Trip Advisor!).The Inn is in a handy location and is run very efficiently by courteous staff. While the rooms are small they are well equipped and very clean.A highlight for us was the Happy Hour held each night on Floors 3 &amp; 5. Wine and snacks were provided by the hotel and it was an excellent opportunity to meet travellers from around the world.We have no hesitation in endorsing previous recommendations for this hotel and recommend it highly.	
Oct 27 2008 	We Stayed here for 2 weeks... and loved every minute!	My (brand new) Husband and I picked this hotel for whilst we were getting married in San Francisco. We had a lot of family members coming with us and wanted something in a central location to all of their hotels. And boy did we get more than that. We had just dropped off some of my relatives at other hotels just near by, and my parents (who stayed at The Inn with us) were a bit put off by the entrance way (Blink and you'll miss it!). But as soon as we got our keys and got to our rooms we knew we had made the right choice! Once we had finished unpacking I found my folks sitting at the end of the LONG hall way enjoying a glass of wine, some cheese (all complimentary) and chatting with some other residents... We found out loads sitting at that table over the next few days... the places to go and not to go, the best ways to get around... and by the time we were about to leave we found ourselves passing the knowledge on to other holiday makers When we left this place was ranked No. 2 on trip advisor.... It's now No.1. This is in no doubt, thanks to the staff, the locality, the hospitality and the price..... if you want a huge lobby and get charged extra for walking through some grand entrance... go for it.... if you want to feel as though you could pick your hotel up and give it a hug... The Inn at Union Square is for you! The night of our wedding we returned to our room to find a bottle of Champagne, some Truffles and the most beautifully worded personal letter from the hotel, whishing us happiness in our marriage.Inn at Union Square ***High Five*** you totally deserve the No 1 Slot for hotels in San Francisco! We will be back!Georgina, Stewart and Lucie (room 306)	
Oct 26 2008 	Surprisingly disappointing	Could have stayed at a large Union Square hotel like the Hilton or Parc 55 for less money, but chose the Inn due to very positive reviews and the appeal of a small &quot;boutique&quot; type hotel. Staff was very nice and helpful, location was great, but we didn't feel it lived up to our expectations, and we're usually not hard to please.Check in was fine, but found bed kind of soft and had a noticeable dip in the middle; woke up with a bit of a backache. We tried to use the bathroom, but the toilet wouldn't drain. Had to complain at the desk, which was a bit embarrassing, but they moved us to a different room, which was significantly larger, and that was appreciated. Next morning, the toilet in that room wouldn't drain, and had to complain once again. I know what you're all thinking :), but we didn't plug the toilets. The final plumbing problem occurred on our last day, when the sink backed up with black sludge that looked like a quart or so of activated charcoal. We obviously had not put anything down the sink that resembled in any way what came back. We informed them, but we were leaving, so it wasn't our problem anymore.The breakfast was adequate, but the rooms where it's served were so small that returning to your room with a tray was not merely an option, but was pretty much a necessity.Brass fixtures in the bathrooms were uniformly corroded, second room had tiles in the tub that had obviously fallen off and were not replaced well; evidence of mildew in the shower.The carpets in both rooms were filthy, and desperately in need of shampooing. We've certainly encountered problems in hotels before, and usually don't let them bother us too much, but the plugged toilets was a new experience, and hard to overlook. The staff really couldn't have been nicer, but that didn't really compensate for the other issues. Probably wouldn't have been as disappointed as we were had it not been for the rave reviews about this hotel that we read on Tripadvisor, which set up expectations that this facility could not satisfy.	
Oct 22 2008 	Remarkable value	If you had a check list for a city centre hotel it would include (as essentials) a convenient location in a good part of town, comfort and a reasonably quiet room. The list might include ( as desirable) a decent breakfast and wine/snacks in the evening, all complimentary. You would expect to pay a high price for all af this.The Inn at Union Square deserves it's current number one rating on Trip Advisor because it delivers all these things at a price which is remarkable value for a major business and tourist city like San Francisco.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great place great location.	This hotel was definitely as advertised. pros: it's right in union square: right near BART, muni, the F line, the cable cars, major shopping is right in this area.the room was neat. They had all the original windows, a nice swivel TV, a nice sized bathroom, AVEDA products, shelving and counter space in the bathroom and main room, a ceiling fan and a comfortable beddown the hallway was a wine happy hour, and free breakfast in a quaint little setting.this place doesn't have 400 or 500 rooms, it has a much smaller amount and their attention to you as a customer paying for a service is apparent.great and easy check-in/out experience with the front desk personel. cons: the room was a bit small; however you won't find a lot of huge rooms when you're staying at boutique type places, especially in a downtown area like this.no vending machines, but walgreens is a short walk away and open late	
Oct 19 2008 	Great hotel in SF	This was a great hotel. We stayed for a convention at Moscone Ctr - a very nice 3-4 bloc walk past the glitz and glam of Union Square. You catch the cable cars on the corner - either the Powell/Mason line or the Powell/Hyde line, and up the hill is the California line. We stayed with a 12 month baby - room was big enough for us, a crib, his stroller, a carseat, no sweat. The room backed up to a brick wall, so was easily pitch black with blackout curtains in the middle of the day - couldn't ask for better naptime. Breakfast, to include assorted pastries/bagels/croissants/cereal/yogurt/coffee/juice, every morning, and wine (chardonnay/merlot/cab sauv), cheese, grapes, dried fruit every night. Served at common areas on certain floors, was a great way to meet and talk with others on the floor. Reminded me of a small hotel in Paris in the 14th Ar. but in SF. Easily walkable to Powell BART to get to airport or elsewhere. A 7 day passport, $24, paid for itself with $5 cable car rides on nearly a daily basis. Tons of great restaurants within a 3 block radius. Would stay again in a heartbeat. Love the city, now have a great place to stay in the city.	
Oct 16 2008 	Great Cozy Spot - Ideal location for Sightseeing	My husband and I were looking for a cozy intimate hotel with a central location for sightseeing. Both of us travel extensively for business and understood that this hotel would be less extravagant than many corporate hotel selections. The Inn delivered exactly what we'd expected and more. It is in a great location for walking, it is very small and definitely a historic “inn” like atmosphere versus the cookie cutter big hotel chains. The staff was helpful and most accommodating to all our requests. There was a young lady at the front desk with less experience during the day; however, she did here best to retrieve information when her experience limited her. The breakfast and wine &amp; cheese are relatively simple but do the trick - we weren't expecting to get a lavish spread at the hotel based on the room rate. The breakfast is definitely enough to get you started for the day and the wine &amp; cheese was a nice break before we headed out for a late dinner. You have the choice of sitting in a small reception area on each floor our their are trays to take your breakfast to your room. The rooms are relatively small and quaint - the cleanliness was very good, a little wear and tear on the carpets but the rest of the room was impeccable. We're both regular exercise fanatics and the hotel does provide vouchers for $15 at a near by health club that is excellent. Don't expect much information for running/walking; you'll need to figure it out on your own. Great Value, Great Spot, would highly recommend for couples - a little close quarters for kids I think.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Location Great Staff	Cmon whats not to like? In a city filled with fleabag dumps and overpriced rooms, this is a breath of fresh air.Just a half block off Union Square this place is close to anything you need in the city.It's next door to Mortons! (Personally, when I'm in SF I don't eat at chains but hey if ya need a good steak and don't know where to go!)Rooms are quite large for an older &quot;real&quot; SF hotel; it was remodeled just a few years ago. Not much in the way of a view (it is only 6 stories high mind you) but I requested a quiet room so we were in the back. I've stayed in rooms with a view and the constant din of the city can be annoying. We stayed at the St. Francis a few years back in a corner room and the constant rumble and clang of the cable cars was romantic at first but after about 3 hours....... grrrrrThe staff here is gracious and will take care of your every need. Cookies and snacks, wine and cheese, water and chocolates in your room. The nice thing is........shhhhhh THEY ACTUALLY ENJOY WORKING THERE! Now thats a revelation these days in the sterile hotel/motel world....	
Oct 13 2008	So wonderful hotel! What an incredible experience!	My husband and I are from Sweden and we made a roadtrip by the west coast the summer of 2008. Unfortunately the weather was not too good, but this hotel made our experience absolutely great!! It must be the best hotel we've ever stayed at! First of all the location is great. It is absolutely close to everything!! close to shopping, to restaurants, etc. The location couldn't be better! When we first arrived to the hotel we met an awesome guy in the reception, so relaxed and helpful. He upgraded our deluxeroom to a suite. And he asked if this was ok, ok?!! Of course it was ok, more than ok! Every morning we met this guy (unfort. we cannot recall his name) or another guy (who's name we don't remember either). They were really friendly!! The breakfest at the hotel was great, the best breakfeast we've ever tasted. The wine tastening in the afternoons were great!! And the chocolate and water bottles that were delivered to the room in the afternoon were superb! This hotel had all these extra small things that makes a stay so wonderful! It was a fantastic experience!Today I recommended the hotel to a college, who will be travelling to SF in may next year. I told her, she will not be dissapointed!! If I go back to SF, I will definitely stay at the Inn at Union Square again! Fabolous! Thanks guys for giving us some splendid days in one of the worlds nicest towns!	
Oct 12 2008 	Great Everything	Stayed here from a Tuesday to a Friday based on the reviews I read here. Usually stay in a Kimpton or the W and thought I would try a different route. Sure am glad I did - everything from the staff to the rooms was top notch. Walked everywhere I needed to go including my SF office about 3/4 mile away. Although the one time I did need a cab it was easy to flag. All the extras plus the staff make this place so great. How I missed that the hotel was not air conditioned - I have no idea - but I am glad I missed it since it would have kept me from staying. Now that I have been, I did not even miss the AC - an open window is all that was needed. Migh be a little warm during the summer though. Would I say here again? Without a doubt. i have also recommended the place to one of managers who will be moving from the W to this place!	
Oct 8 2008 	Perfect Location	We were part of our small law firm's &quot;retreat&quot; in San Francisco (spouses included) - about 12 people in our group.Before we got there I thought it may be a little pricey, however by the time we add in the extras provided (continental breakfast on each floor's lobby and afternoon wine and cheese again on each floor), the value truly begins to show. Oh - also chocolate chip cookies late at night on each floor as well. Much more touring and shopping time for us without having to go out to buy breakfast first.The rooms are smallish however very European in feel - and very luxurious - first class furnishings.The location couldn't be better either. All the Union Square attractions are within a five minute walk, the cable car line is only a half block away and we found the pleasant walk down Market Street to the Ferry Terminal only took about a half hour. Very excellent restaurants are everywhere near this hotel - one on either side as it happens.The staff at the hotel treated us very well - I felt completely pampered and secure. They also knew what was happening in town, where it was and how to get there. We had pre-booked all our dining engagements so didn't have an opportunity to test the staff but we're pretty sure they wouldn't have had any problems keeping us happy.I admit I'm a bit of a cheapskate when it comes to vacations but my wife and I would return here in a minute (and on my dime!) - huge bang for the buck!	
Oct 6 2008 	Nice stay at the Inn	My wife and I just returned from our first trip to San Francisco and we enjoyed our time at the Inn at Union Square. We found the Inn from our research on TripAdvisor so we knew it would be a small hotel, but our room was still a bit smaller than we expected. It worked fine as a home base for our sightseeing though.Our room was at the end of the hall where the breakfast was served, but since we were coming from the east coast we were always awake before we heard them setting up around 7:00.The gathering area on our floor was a neat way to exchange experiences with other guests. It was fun to compare notes at the end of the day over a cup of hot tea or glass of wine.The lack of air conditioning led to one of our pleasant experiences while in the room. We would open the door on occasion to get the breeze from the hall to cool the room down. One evening a staff member passed by and commented on the nice, cool breeze with the windows open and then came back with several extra bottles of water for us. Omar always seemed to be at the front desk when we passed by and was always friendly and helpful.Overall - nice, clean hotel in a great location. Friendly staff that was happy to help out. I can't really compare to the other hotels in the area (although we did walk through the Fairmont, but if you are staying there you probably aren't worried about TripAdvisor). I would definitely recommend giving the Inn at Union Square a look if you are heading to San Fran.	
Sep 24 2008	Great Location Great Service Great Time	The Inn at Union Square made for a great base for our vacation to San Francisco. The hotel is amidst the bustle of Union Square, but inside things are fairly quiet and relaxing - a nice escape. The continental breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese reception were a real plus. The breakast is quite extensive for a &quot;continental&quot;. You can just pad down the hall in your slippers, load up a tray and take back to your room, or dine in the small sitting area on each floor. The hotel is small, with about 30 rooms over six floors. We found the staff very friendly and helpful, particularly Ken and Omar at the front desk. It's an older place, but seemed very clean and well appointed. We would definitely consider staying here again on our next vacation to San Francisco. Business travelers may also enjoy this hotel - it seems a bit more relaxed and home-like than the sterile chain hotels.	
Sep 19 2008 	Absolutely LOVED it!	It's not hard to miss the little awning and doors to the Inn, my hubby and I did quite a few times! But the hotel itself is just gorgeous and comfortable. The staff are very helpful and wonderful. We had a few slight problems upon our arrival with our phone and safe, but they were promptly taken care of. David, one of the front desk folks, was super nice. He helped us get tickets to a nearby show, and gave us directions to the many things we places we had asked about. He even ran into me on the streets and asked how our show was and how we were doing. We had wine and cheese provided every evening, the breakfasts were wonderful. My husband and I both do not have a single bad thing to say of the Inn at Union Square. And I might note, a perfect location, so close to Union Square and all the city sites, everything we wanted to see (Fishermans Wharf, Chinatown, etc.) was all in walking distance, and amazingly quiet. I had worried, coming from a smaller city and country setting, that the city noise would keep me up, but it wasn't a bother at all. We totally recommend this hotel :)	
Sep 16 2008 	Hidden Treasure	With a parked truck blocking the way, I missed the very small entrance the first time around the block. The &quot;lobby&quot; was surprisingly small, compared to what I expected.But -- once inside the hotel, what a treat!The exceedingly kind staff at the front desk (one person on duty at a time) went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable, beginning with a complimentary upgrade to a suite.The rooms were spotless and ample in size. A jacuzzi, shower and place for me to shave was in an adjoining bathroom. Another powder room allowed my wife to make up separately without having the steam from my shower frizzle her hair.There was a TV in the bedroom and another in the sitting room, which also had a separate toilet.Complimentary continental breakfast each morning, plus complimentary wine, cheese and crackers each evening, served in a small &quot;lobby&quot; at the end of several of the 6 floors.I had not brought my laptop, so could not make use of the Internet connection in our room, but the hotel provided a private &quot;business&quot; room on the second floor which sported a PC with Internet connection plus a printer.The maids and other staff were also very friendly -- we truly want to return to this gem -- which is only a few steps from Union Square and just around the corner from where we turned in our rental car (having travelled from another city).	
Sep 14 2008 	Cool nights	Great location. Very convenient to China Town. Shopping is abundant and within easy walking distance. Locals will give great dining ops and some of the best in Chinba Town are not the fanciest. Rooms are a good size with comfy beds. Breakfast is a plus to start the day. Coffee is complimentary. Really did not need a car as location was good for walking and finding transportation as well as being so centrally located. I would stay here again and are planning a trip in the Fall. I was surprised how cool the nights were in June.Very chilly and I packed mostly summer type clothes. I imagine a Fall trip will require a coat. Love the area!	
Sep 14 2008 	Really Really Wonderful Experience	We could have gone anywhere in the world to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary and a second honeymoon, but we chose to stay at the Inn. This was also our second time staying here, and we are planning on a third. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Carmen, our maid called us by name when she saw us and all of the staff went of their way to make us feel comfortable and at home. Tony, the house man brought us chocolates and bottled water each night and was very courteous. We remembered him from our previous stay two years ago, and I think that says a lot when employees stick around. The location is great with fun bars in the neighborhood. We took the Bart in from the airport and walked up from Powell St. Station, which I would reccommend to anyone in halfway decent shape (as I am). Also its within walking distance to to China Town for inexpensive lunches and overall its just a very romantic place.	
Sep 9 2008 	OK but not for everyone	If you like being in the center of the action in a fast paced city environment, this location is perfect! Close to shops, restaurants, and attractions, but parking and driving (as expected) is quite a hassle. Valet parking is pricey, but it's the way to go here. We were there when it was unusually warm, and didn't realize there was no air conditioning when we booked (our fault- didn't ask). The building is old, but well kept; rooms are nice with good beds and decent bathrooms. Noise levels were not bad even with the windows open; most rooms have a view of a brick wall. The complimentary wine, snacks and continental breakfast were fine but available in close quarters at the end of hallways; trays are provided to take it all back to your room. This place is still probably a decent value for this part of town.	
Sep 9 2008 	Loved it!	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and were really delighted with the experience. The rooms were lovely, good size and quiet. The breakfast was good and well presented each morning (the coffee could be improved). We enjoyed the cheese and wine each evening, what a great idea and gets the guests talking to each other. The only things I would like to see an improvement on are the cleaning of the rooms, which wasn't bad but I've seen better and the coffee which wasn't very good. But everything else, including the complimentary bottled water and the chocolates every night was great. I would definitely stay here again, it's in a great area with easy access to transport and lots of good shops. You won't be disappointed!	
Sep 7 2008	great location	Can't beat the location for convenience to shopping and San Fran sights. My room was a great size with a sitting area, large LCD and comfy bed. Room was clean too and great evening turn down service with chocs and water. Friendly helpful staff. Def recommend this hotel.	
Sep 6 2008	Fantastic hotel!	What a find.A warm welcome to an extremely well located hotel just a minutes wald from the main shopping area at union square.We stayed here twice on our holiday, once for 3 nights of sightseeing and once for 1 night on the way back from Yosemite.Both times we were upgraded. The rooms were fantasic and individual. Very quiet.The breakfast was excellent and the evening wine and cheese was a treat. Also free internet and newspapers.The staff went out of their way to be helpful and meet all of our needs.Overall a very individual hotel that you should strongly consider.NB. Expedia seems to be doing a 3 nights for price of 2 offer!	
Sep 1 2008 	Loved the Inn	The big decision - Fishermans Wharf or Union Square - We choose Union Square and happy I did. First, the location is central to everything and the Inn was fantastic. The rooms were small but elegant (all windows face a brick wall though), There is a continental breakfast each morning and a wine/cheese reception each afternoon (5:30-7:00), the staff is knowledgable, helpful and San Francisco is a great city. Try to book shuttles to/from the Airport, taxis are expensive. Be sure to book in advance and early morning trip to Alcatraz, buy a munipass for unlimited cable, trolley and bus service since there are lots of hills in town, go to fishermans wharf: see the sea lions at pier 39, eat Ghiardellis ice cream at Ghiardellis Sq, take the #71 bus to Haight-Ashbury and on to the Pacific Ocean, Check out the Golden Gate Bridge, Chinatown and on. Coming from NY, the thing that struck me as most odd was the large number of street people millling about. They really didn't present a threat, just noticable.	
Aug 28 2008 	More than I expected	This hotel was quite a find; from the moment we walked in and found that we had been upgraded to a suite to the continental breakfast each morning , the complimentary wine and cheese every evening and cookies before bed, this was an extremely pleasant experience.The location was great, just a few steps from Union square and all of the shopping and sights. The front desk and room staff were excellant and any concerns or requests were dealt with efficiently and pleasantly. We will definitely return.	
Aug 19 2008	Great Little Inn	We have stayed at the hotel two years in a row now based on my parents' recommendations. The hotel location right on Union Square cannot be beat -you have plenty of nearby shops, for when you may have forgotten something, or just want to splurge in the fancier Union Square stores like Macy's. There are also plenty of restaurants, from little independent coffee shops, sandwich stores, to beautiful restaurants, Michael Mina and Postrio. Try Scala on Powell - moderately priced Italian, but very busy. We have stayed in the two-room suites, which for their price are very reasonable. The separate sitting-room is nice as one of us could stay up if the other wanted to rest. We travelled with our toddler whom we could put to bed early in the back bedroom. The room amenities are nice, but not overly done - nice marble and tile baths, not Four Seasons, but you're not paying for the Four Seasons either. The Inn offers a nice continental breakfast, which includes cold cereals, pastries, bagels, etc, and complimentary wine in the evening, white or red, and some cheese and crackers. This was a nice touch after walking around all day, and then you could head off to whatever restaurant you wanted. We are already talking about our trip next year, which will definitely include the Inn.	
Aug 14 2008 	An oasis in the busy city	I thouroughly enjoyed my time spend at the Inn at Union Square. Despite being in the middle of it all -- and it *is* really in the middle of it all, it's a great location -- the hotel was never noisy, always quiet, always private. The hotel was very tastefully decorated as well as being extremely comfortable. I slept well the nights I spent here. It was very clean as well.I can't speak to the evening spreads because we were always out sightseeing, but the morning breakfasts were wonderful. Coffee, tea, oj, milk, granola, yogurt, hardboiled eggs, a variety of pastries, and more. The staff were very helpful. The interactions with them were always a pleasure.	
Aug 9 2008 	The perfect hotel in San Francisco	Inn at Union Square is simply excellent. All aspects well above average - staff, room, facitlies. The continental breakfast, newspaper, and the evening wine-tasting are really special touches that make a visit.The location is perfect - right on Union Square with access to the main shopping area and access to superb public transport to the rest of the city.Cannot recomend this hotel enough.	
Aug 6 2008 	An Absolute Delight	We were an extended family of 6 occupying 4 rooms at the Inn from Friday 25 to Monday 28 July. Everyone of us commented on how happy we were at the Inn. The location is absolutely supurb...step out the door and you are in Union Square, with the cable cars and taxi stand just around the corner, the sightseeing bus across the Square outside Macy's, and regular bus lines a block away. The real treat though was the level of care we received at the Inn. From check-in to check-out, every staff member was friendly, professional and unfailingly helpful. We really enjoyed the breakfasts and most particularly enjoyed the wine and cheese evenings, where we met some wonderful guests from throughout the USA and the world. This is not a hotel - it is much more personal than that - so do be aware that the halls are narrower than average, the elevator is on the slow side and there are a few minor maintenance issues that could be attended to, but for us this only added to the Inn's charm. Every need is catered for, from bathrobes to umbrellas! Without a doubt we will be recommending the Inn to all our friends and family and will be staying there again on our next visit.	
Aug 6 2008 	Will never stay anywhere else in SF	Wow! This has to be the best deal in San Francisco. The staff, especially Kendrick at the front desk were all friendly, professional and extremely helpful. The location is perfect, no outside noise from Union Square, complimentary breakfast and wine and snacks were perfect. When we next visit San Francisco, we will not consider staying anywhere else but here.	
Aug 5 2008 	Fantastic staff great location lovely room	I would recommend this hotel as a place to stay, it has really friendly, welcoming and knowledgable staff, is situated in a lovely part of San Fransisco and the room we had was perfect - clean, large and very comfortable - I loved the bathrobes !We arrived from the UK having been travelling for most of the day and it was great to get such a warm welcome from David at the front desk. Registration was carried out very efficiently and we were impressed with the spacious, clean and welcoming room we were given.We asked David for advice on where to eat and he gave us four recommendations, all of which we tried over the following couple of days - Max, Scampos (I think the name was) , Four Seas and Finos. The breakfast buffet was really good with a choice of cereal, croissants, bagels, pastries, yogurt, fruit etc. All of the staff were very friendly and more than willing to give us a hand with our luggage and order and hail taxi's for us The hotel is ideally situated in San Fransisco within walking distances of public transport and near some great shops. When we mentioned to one of the other staff that we were going to Macy's he gave us a 10% off voucher that proved very useful.If we ever come to San Fransisco again we would definately stay here and I have no problems recommending this hotel	
Jul 26 2008 	stay here and be happy--The INN	A gem. This wonderful hotel is tucked away near Union Square and is a stylish, friendly place. You don't need a huge entrance hall to have a great hotel. Friendly, helpful staff..from the front desk to the person who sets up the wine reception on the third and fifth floors; the breakfast on the same floors (continental), which is much better than any other big name hotel offering you a continental breakfast. The rooms are clean and well apportioned. Flat screen Dell tvs, and Aveda bath products. No view on this trip...well, it was an adjacent brick building, but that is to be expected in a big city, I think. We will return...we actually tried to get a room three days later but it was already sold out! Stay here if you can! Probably not a place for kids but great for business or a romantic getaway.	
Jul 24 2008 	Look no further	This is a fantastic hotel. After a first cramped, expensive night nearby we happened upon it by chance. Omar, at reception, was quick to show us a room, re-arrange some other rooms and we saved over $80 per night AND got breakfast, wine tasting with canapes, free internet (fast), newspapers AND a much bigger room for under $200 inclusive.Every morning there was a super selection to help yourself to for a continental breakfast and at night there was wine, cheese, soft drinks and fruit to enjoy while discussing your experiences of the day with other guests. The rooms were excellently appointed. There were robes, flat-screen tv and printing facilities available for those all-important flight ticket check-ins. Only 30 seconds from Union Square and the cable cars but miles away from the big, anonymous hotels that charge double. You will NOT be disappointed!	
Jul 23 2008 	Great boutique experience!!	Tucked away in the heart of San Francisco's Union Square is this fantastic inn. Everything from the bathrobes to the friendly service and the wine and cheese to the great breakfast. It was well worth the stay in this charming and cozy inn.	
Jul 20 2008 	Amazing - and I got engaged	What can I say that hasn't already been said. What a wonderful hotel!! The room was great. Small but it is San Francisco. Wine and cheese in the evenings, nice breakfast, and the cookies at night topped it off. We met some wonderful couples at wine time and breakfast time. That was likely the best part of the hotel/trip.Great location - less than half a block to Union Square and the Cable Car. Shopping everywhere nearby. Staff were terrific and friendly. Bed was very comfortable. Sure, we looked out at the wall next door but really, you're not there for the room view. Get out of the hotel and explore!!Head to Calzone's in Little Italy. It was fabulous. Great food, nice portion sizes, good drinks and a really awesome location. And if you are looking for a romantic dinner, head to The Cliff House. Food was terrific, service was terrific, and the wine recommendations were bang-on.Loved the hotel. We will be going back for sure. Bought a ring and proposed on a cable car looking out over the bay. I couldn't have asked for a better holiday/hotel experience.Don't stay anywhere else.	
Jul 18 2008	Fantastic hotel 	Couldn&quot;t ask for a nicer hotel to stay at. Besides being in a great location, the hotel itself was so much nicer than I expected.The staff catered to our every whim. There was an expanded continental breakfast, wine &amp; cheese every night, even baked cookies at 8:30 in the evening. This small 30 room hotel has really outdid itself in personal service.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great boutique hotel...but...	We stayed for 3 nights over the July 4th weekend. The hotel has a fabulous location, great staff and service. They offered wonderful features like an evening wine &amp; cheese hour and a great continental breakfast. We booked our room using Expedia, which makes me wonder if this had any affect on the location of our room assignment. We were located right beside the breakfast reception area. The noise from staff setting up the breakfast each morning distrubed our sleep. We were woke up at 6:45 a.m. to the sounds of clanging dishes and other usual kitchen noises. We also heard other guests enjoying their breakfast all morning long, as we tried to catch a few more moments of sleep. We did request a room change, but the hotel was fully occupied. But all this said - we would stay at this hotel again. I would just request a room towards the back of the hotel, to ensure a quieter morning.	
Jul 6 2008	A treasure in the heart of San Francisco	While traveling to Napa and Sonoma Valley we stayed on either end of our trip here. What a great little boutique hotel at Union Square. From the minute we arrived, the front desk was nothing but cordial and helpful. The rooms were nicely decorated, clean, quiet, and comfortable. The evening wine and cheese was fun because we had such great conversation with other guests including a couple from New Zealand. The late evening cookies and tea were a nice touch before we went to bed after dinner on the town. The morning breakfast of pastries, croissants, yogurts and various breads to toast was filling. The coffee was outstanding and kept us going for the morning. We highly recommend this little gem to all who are traveling to San Francisco.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great stay at the Inn at Union Square	Stayed here for a week in May and loved the place. We normally stay in the bigger, more anonymous type of hotels and were a bit sceptical about staying in such a small hotel but it was wonderful.Staff - Ken was fabulous and seemed to work a lot of hours - he was great in restaurant and bar recommendations and was really friendly and helpful with everything. The maids and room service staff were also really worthy of a mention. Each night the rooms were turned down, chocolates and bottles of water left for us too.Rooms - Modern, spacious rooms with very comfortable beds, nice seating area, desk and large LCD TV. Bathroom was quite small but the shower although looked quite old was a brilliant powerful shower. Loved the robes that were left for us, a nice touch that you normally only get if staying in superior class rooms in the bigger hotels. Only downside about the hotel was the lack of air conditioning in the rooms as it was over 100 degrees when we were there so it was a bit on the hot side.Extras - As you'll have seen mentioned numerous times, the wine &amp; cheese put out each evening was brilliant - not just your cheap plonk either, quality wines with an assortment of soft and hard cheeses, crackers, grapes and soft drinks too. This together with the brilliant breakfasts and the cookies at bedtime were fantastic little extras. Also free wireless internet in the rooms was a bonus.Location - First class - 1 minutes walk from Union Square, 1 minutes walk from the tram line and about 5 mins walk from the modern shopping centre.Little recommendations - if you want to treat yourselves to a nice place for a drink, head down one block to the Clift Hotel. Amazing place for a couple of drinks and a nice relaxing evening. Best trip we did is the Fire Engine tour - go aboard an open top big red fire engine and cross the Golden Gate Bridge - it's brilliant fun!	
Jun 22 2008 	Perfect start to our honeymoon	We had 3 weeks in California planned for our honeymoon and chose San Francisco as our first stop. We absolutely loved the city and The Inn at Union Square was the perfect location. It is small but perfectly formed with fantastic but relaxed service. We arrived late on our first night and we were recommended a wonderful place for breakfast the morning after which was fantastic. The relaxed 'help-yourself' breakfast in the hotel was also great and really well done. The location was great; near to shops, all types of transport for exploring the city, car hire facilities around the corner, restaurant, cafes, bars etc. This place is exceptional value!	
Jun 20 2008 	Great Location!	I went to San Francisco in June on business and since I book short notice all the chain hotels were really expensive. I searched for boutique hotels and found The Inn at Union Square with a great rate less than half of the big guys. Being a little wary of unknown hotels I always rely on Trip Advisor to help me make decisions and this time was no exception. The reviews were all fantastic and for good reason. This is a really nice hotel with great staff. It's a little old but that adds to the charm especially in San Francisco. You can hear the cable car bells running down Powell Street which you are literally only steps from. I couldn't believe how close it is to Union Square. You are also only a few blocks from Nob Hill and China Town (five minute walk). Bed was comfortable, there is a business center, wine and cheese every evening and a decent continental breakfast with real pastries every morning (not the Courtyard buffet junk - if you are a frquent traveler you know what I mean). Turndown service is a nice touch too. The staff were all very friendly and David at the front desk was really helpful in helping me select a restaurant. Parking is a little step if you vallet but the Union Square garage is only a block away.They are located right next to the JW Marriot and across the street from the Westin St. Francis and I just smiled to myself that I was staying in this great little hotel, enjoying the same location and paying less than half the price of those guys.	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Location Incredible Amenities	My husband and I visited San Fran for five nights in early June with my in-laws. I was appointed &quot;hotel finder.&quot; After reading countless positive reviews and finding an outstanding rate for this hotel on their website, I confidently booked two rooms.Our stay was perfect in every way, and I won't go into all the details because the amenities are described in almost every review here, but please know that we all agreed this was one of our all time favorite places to stay. Right off the trolley line and union square, breakfast and snacks included, ROBES in the room, friendly &amp; helpful staff, and extremely comfortable rooms. I read on a few reviews about the rooms being small, but I have to disagree with this. We stayed in a regular king, and there was more than enough room. A side table with two chairs on one side, and a desk/vanity on the other side. The bathroom is a good size, not massive, but I have stayed in places with much smaller. No AC, but had a ceiling fan and opened our window. Our view was a brick wall, but we didn't mind because our room was quiet as can be.I love staying at hotels, it is always a thrill for me, and I have stayed in a lot of hotels. This place goes on the top of my list, seriously. I'm sure you could stay at a very fancy/expensive hotel and love it, but why not spend the bulk of your money on meals, shows and shopping? This place has incredible value, without short changing you on amenities or comfort.	
Jun 9 2008 	Loved Inn at Union Square	We found the Inn at Union Square in San Francisco very charming, a small scale hotel with lots of service and suggestions from the very friendly front desk concierges. The rooms were small, but very comfortable and clean and provided well with a nice size flat screen TV and other usual expected hotel equipment. The only snag I experienced there was that my phone was not working initially and after being serviced, I never received the hand-set, but got by using speaker phone.Loved the extensive complementary breakfast set ups in the kitchen/sitting areas at the end of each floor, and the wine and cheese presentation from 5:30 p.m. until 7:00 p.m. was a nice way to get to know other hotel occupants and experience some good wine and snacks--a little briefing to what we experienced on the second leg of our trip, Napa and Sonoma Valley for wine tasting!Great suggestions from the front desk personnel on places to go, eat and see. The hotel is so centrally located, we were within walking distance to most attractions: Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco Center Shopping Mall, Chinatown, and great restaurants with diverse ethnic cuisines. We walked around the corner from the hotel one night to take in some good blues at a club called Biscuits and Blues. The last night of our stay, we took a short walk to a lovely French restaurant called Cafe Claude. It was the favorite of our stay in San Francisco--cozy French ambiance with an especially informative wine educator, who gave a lengthy list of suggestions for our visit to Napa.My highest compliments go out to Inn at Union Square and I would enjoy another stay there unquestionably.	
May 27 2008 	Terrific - Inn at Union Sq. SF	This is a great little inn with a fantastic wine &amp; cheese hour and great continental breakfast. We stayed at the Westin St. Francis (right across the street) the next night and I wish we would have stayed at the Inn at Union Sq. both nights. Not only a much more charming experience, but also a better value. Great rooms and very comfortable beds.	
May 26 2008 	A Great Inn	We recently stayed here and enjoyed excellent service and a comfortable yet small room. The breakfasts and nightly wine and snack break were a nice touch. It turns out we had stayed here with some friends about 15 years ago and had not realized it was the same place. We were pleasantly surprised to find the Inn as friendly and helpful and if anything better kept as it was when we were along as guests those 15 years ago.My only suggstion would be if you are sensitive to noise ask for a room away from the outside air conditionerJ and B, Vancouver, Canada	
May 25 2008 	Wonderful introduction to quintessential San Francisco	We were very impressed with the Inn at Union Square. We arrived at midnight and were greeted by a very friendly front desk clerk. We went up to our room and were initially a little disappointed with our room. The view was of a brick wall and noisy from the adjoining hotel's outside air conditioning unit. Even though it was late, the front desk clerk upgraded us to a room that was quieter. We were especially impressed with the free charming continental breakfasts, and freshly baked chocolate chip cookies in the evening. Great location. Great value. We hope to stay here again.	
Apr 29 2008 	small hotel but big on service	The moment we arrived we were made to feel welcomed by the friendly staff. The room was clean except for the carpet which had some staining. The bedding was luxurious and our suite had two flat screen tvs. In the afternoon we were treated to wine and cheese in a small sitting area right outside our room. The morning continental breakfast was wonderful and again served in the sitting room. The location was great for getting around San Francisco. We could hear the cable car bell clanging from our room. We opted for the self parking which was about a block away as the valet parking was $40 a day compared to the $25 fee for self parking. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. It is small in size but big on service and friendliness.	
Apr 9 2008 	Little Extras Add Up To Big Value!	Just got back from a long weekend at the Inn at Union Square. What a wonderful place! We booked a queen room, but got a small suite at the front of the hotel - the bed was a little smaller, but it had a separate sitting room with a sofa, chair and desk and a second plasma flat screen tv. But the great thing about this inn is the extras, which are offered free of charge. First, breakfast is served each morning until 10 or so on each floor on the third and fifth floors parlours. The quality is good, with fresh high quality pastries and coffee as well as cereal, boiled eggs, bagels, cheese, fruit, tea, etc. It is served on china and cloth napkins with nice breakfast trays to take back to your room and small tables to eat in the parlour. Also, there are fresh apples and cookies in each parlour all day long. At 5 or so, they set out multiple bottles of wine with really good cheese and fruit and stemware and napkins again and welcome you to a drink before you go out to dinner. There are also other cold drinks set out. All free of charge. There is wireless internet available free of charge, as well as a small business center. At night, the maid leaves bottled water and chocolate. At the end of the weekend, we had not a single incidental charge. The staff is young and enthusiastic and they are genuinely helpful. Be warned - this is an inn more than a hotel - it is narrow and the hallways are narrow as well. The elevator is small and there is no grand lobby, just a number of small parlours. But the rooms are tastefully done with good linens and the furniture and tvs are of good quality. There is no noise from room to room, and our room was right outside the parlour where folks on our floor had breakfast. There is some noise from the street - it is 500 feet off Powell and those streetcars do make noise, so if you really like it quiet, get a room in back. The rooms in front offer a nice view to compensate for the noise. In the last five years, we have stayed at the St. Francis (fancy, but not great service), the Fairmont (grand old gem, but so big), the Villa Forence (really nice boutique hotel), the Hotel Griffon (great location, unfriendly staff) and the Holiday Inn Gateway (utilitarian, no frills). This was by far my favorite. It is for those who like privacy and value. If you want a grand lobby, you will have to cross the street to the St. Francis. But they won't give you all the food and extras and they will charge you more.	
Apr 1 2008 	Good deal	This is a good deal for the money. I have stayed here twice. The first time I booked the least expensive room. It was hard to even move around in it. This time I paid $25 per day more and I got a spacious room. The decor is a bit outdated but the rooms are nicely done. My only complaint about the room is the bathroom, which has no counter space at all. I had to leave my toiletries in the bedroom... but the amenities can't be beat. They have a seating area where they provide a continental breakfast in the morning with cereal, yogurt, fruit, bagels, cream cheese, muffins, coffee, etc. In the afternoon they serve wine with cheese, dried fruit, crackers and grapes. They also do an afternoon turn down service. All this and they are less than a block from Union Square!	
Mar 31 2008 	Hidden gem in the heart of San Francisco....	After reading the many positive reviews on TripAdvisor, my husband and I booked 2 nights at the Inn on Union Square. We were very pleasantly surprised! Although dwarfed by the huge mega-hotels surrounding it, the Inn definitely is a hidden gem and lived up to the rave reviews it has been getting. Once we walked under the red awning and through the front doors, we left the hustle and bustle of SF behind us!The location is wonderful --- right in the heart of Union Square and accessible to the BART, cable cars, 4-star restaurants, high end shopping, etc. Rooms were small, but very tastefully decorated and contained everything that was needed to make our stay comfortable. The reasonable room rate included breakfast each morning and wine/cheese in the evening. Staff was friendly, professional and very helpful. The Inn at Union Square was truly a safe and comfortable oasis in the midst of a busy and bustling city!	
Mar 22 2008 	Union Square Grace	The Inn at Union Square is a charming small hotel. The location is terrific and the service is friendly and efficient. The rooms are quiet, fresh, and well appointed. There's ample closet and drawer space. The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are sparkling. An added bonus is the complimentary wine and cheese offered each evening in the small sitting areas (with fireplaces) by the big windows at the end of each floor. The complimentary breakfast buffet is excellent. There is a quiet grace and elegance about this hotel. We can't imagine staying anywhere else in San Francisco.	
Mar 20 2008	Perfect Little Getaway	The hotel is a small boutique hotel just a few stores down from Union Square. The location is ideal. It's a short walk to the BART and a half block from the cable car stop. The entrance and lobby are small but adequate. Most rooms do not have a 'view' of the main street but that keeps the rooms very quiet since there is no street noise. The rooms are small, cozy and well appointed. The flat panel in the room was large and new. The beds are comfortable and have multiple down pillows. Bottled water is complimentary in the room and the continental breakfast has a good selection of pastries, granola, yogurt, etc. The wine and cheese is also served on the landings of specific floors. It makes for a nice get together with other hotel guests. I've been to San Francisco many times and lived there and have to say that this is one of the best experiences I've had for a very reasonable price. The staff is very friendly, polite and helpful. They seem to really enjoy working with people. Note...Would try and request a room away from the elevators. They seem like they would be a bit quieter.	
Mar 18 2008 	Cozy hideaway in the heart of San Fran and a super great value!	Our family of 2 parents and our 13-yr old stayed at this 7-story hotel for a few nights in early March 2008. A wonderful location, just steps away from everything including Union Square, theaters, the best restaurants, the trolley, and all the fun shops and stores. The hotel is early 1900's but has been renovated from top to bottom and is very charming and very clean. We were going on a driving trip, so we got our car at the airport and self-parked it a block away from the Inn during the time we were there and used the trolley everywhere. The parking lot is cheaper than the hotel's valet service by $20- they can tell you the exact location. If you use the valet service, it's about $41 or so with in and out service, but you have to wait. The rooms are very clean, our master bed was pretty good, not great (the rollaway our child slept on was lumpy and thin unfortunately). The linens were very good quality. Bathrooms small but what you'd expect for a downtown hotel. I really liked the complimentary toiletries - a rosemary and mint fragrance that is so San Francisco! The rooms are smallish for 3 but we made do without a problem - for 2 it would be perfect. The view is non-existent - looks out on another building nearby, but here's the nice part: sheers cover the window so you don't see the building and light comes in, and because it does not face the street, the room is extremely quiet and great for a good night's sleep. We opened the window, which I like more than those sealed up skyscraper hotels, and kept the ceiling fan on. We did not use the heat because we were comfortable with a cool room. There is no A/C so not sure what it would be like in the summer. If you want a bigger room that looks out on Post street below, get a suite. They have a pull-out sofa bed with queen bed and cost a little more. In the mornings, an elaborate continental breakfast is set out in the fireplace keeping room at the end of each floor's lobby. Everything from freshly boiled eggs to sourdough toast, cheeses, bagels &amp; cream cheese, sweet rolls, fruit, fresh juices, fresh coffee and tea and more. In the evening, a lovely assortment of cheeses, crackers and wines await you after a day of sightseeing. It's all self-serve, very private and so much better quality than one would expect. The hotel reception was very friendly, although the lobby is small. We liked that about it and felt it was quaint. During our stay we needed a few things and the young men in reception took care of it promptly. We will definitely stay there again. This place is a little jewel!	
Mar 14 2008	Great location and value!	Stayed March 5-9, 2008. This hotel was in a great location on Union Square. This is a Boutique hotel, with about 5 or 6 rooms on each floor. The lobby is functional, you wouldn't hang out there.I don't think you can get a room with a view. All rooms are on the same side of the hotel and overlook HVAC systems. No problem, just keep the sheers closed and you won't see it. We were in room 605 which had a bedroom with a king bed with a living room and woodburning fireplace(didn't need or have time for it). Bathroom had a whirlpool tub and separate shower(great water pressure). Bathrom was small, but didn't matter because there was a separate dressing room with a sink and long counter top so I could dry my hair and put on makeup with PLENTY of room. After 2 days, we realized there was another small powder room off the living area. The room had a fridge, and water was left each day. Bed was comfortable and the room was fine, maybe 3 1/2 stars. We went to the Top of the Mark, and the elevator stopped on one of the floors there--the halls were no nicer than the Inn at Union SquareThere is a continental breakfast from 7-10 with great croissants, cinnamon rolls, fruit, cereal and I think yogurt, as well as juice, milk, coffee and tea. Breakfast was on floor 3 and 5. No big deal that we had to go down a floor to get it--they had trays if you wanted to bring it to your room. Wine and cheese were available on the same floors from 5:30-7 I think, as well as various sodas. All was very nice. My only complaint was that the glasses weren't very clean--lipstick smudges were still on them. Had to hunt for one that was really clean. Same for the morning juice glasses.Close to many restaurants, and not far from the Powell/Market cable car. There is a Hertz car rental across the street which was very convenient for our rental to go up to Napa.I would stay again-it was a good value.	
Feb 19 2008 	A Hidden Gem!	My husband and I just returned from a long week end in San Francisco to celebrate our 25th Anniversary and Valentine's Day. We spent our time at this lovely, comfortable and quaint hotel. After a long day of shopping and sightseeing it was a pleasure to lay on the bed and sink into one of the best mattress I have slept on (and the down pillows were nice also.) A bonus was the down comforter. I felt like I was in my own bed which made for a good night sleep. The staff was wonderful and gladly assisted us with any request. (Ken and Omar thank you for everything) Being a small hotel the staff gets to know you and respond to you on a personal level.Yes, the entrance is small but this is just one feature that makes it a hidden gem. It also provided me with a sense of security due to the fact that any one who walked in was immediately greeted. My only complaint is about the tv, it did not fit the room. I would have been happier to have another comfortable chair to sit in then the ugly flat screen that did not fit with the dimensions of the room.	
Feb 7 2008 	An Oasis of Cozy Warmth in Winter...	We spent 5 nights in this cozy oasis!! It is our favorite place to stay in San Francisco. Comparing to the Nikko and Parc 55. It was hospitably and spiritually a pleasant place to stay with everything right outside the door. Those larger hotels where your name comes up on the display doesn't mean that the concierge can put a face to your name!!! We liked the smaller, friendlier, more personable luxury of this cozy inn.Everything was in walking distance: the square, financial district, chinatown, street cars, theatres, and a great little art gallery where we made some wonderful purchases to begin our collection of fine art... check out Gallery 444 next door. Rafal Olbinski, Nelli Panto and Max Pappart were our favoites pieces... wish we could own the entire collections! The fun thing about this inn was that the first night returning from our evening out, we walked right past it !! Like a magical door to Narnia or the Secret Garden... Imagine waking up in a peaceful and warm room, putting on your robe and slippers and strolling down the hallway to a delightfully pleasant continental buffet breakfast ... Reading the morning paper in front of the fireplace and sipping a cup of fresh brewed coffee while dining on a blueberry muffin w/ yogurt and fresh fruit, as the rain coming down outside pitter-patted against the window... We would come home in the afternoon, take a nap, get dressed for the evening and as we headed out, our first stop was to enjoy some wine, cheese, and chocolate and wonderful conversation with other guests in the cozy fireside room. Other evenings we brought the wine and treats back to our room while we enjoyed a movie... These are the memories I treasure from our experience at the Inn. Apparently we are not the only ones who enjoy this luxuriously cozy hotel, as we found it completely booked on the future visits we had planned :(  Overall I would have to say that we would stay here every visit if there were rooms available!!! So, risking further &quot;booked&quot; notices... I say if you can get a reservation and like a smaller hotel, then this is your Oasis!	
Jan 5 2008 	Great location good little hotel	Nice little hotel, right in the centre of San Fran with some neat touches such as free continental breakfast and free evening cheese and wine. Our room even had a separate living room, a deep bath with spa, and a real fire place.Only down points were the slowness of having our bags brought to our room, and one or two minor points with the bathroom but nothing that would stop us returning here again.Would definitely recommend it.	
Dec 14 2007 	Wonderful place to stay.	This was one of the best small hotels I have stayed in. The location was great, just 1/2 block of union square. I liked the fact that it was small. The room I had (406) seemed to be slightly larger than the others with a queen bed and a separate sitting area with a small couch and chair. There was a desk and the tv was a large flat screen. I think i got a special rate on orbitz of $135 + tax per night. They had a nice continental breakfast with bagels, croissants, danish, apples/bananas, hard boiled egg, and cereals. They have coffee/tea all the time. The evening wine reception was cheese, chocolate, and crackers with wine or soda. They also had late-night cookies. There was free wi-fi and free newspaper. I will definately return to this hotel, it was a great deal. The staff were always nice and friendly and helpful with providing directions and how to use the public transit.	
Nov 19 2007 	A friendly gem of a place	We were not expecting the sheer quality of the room decor for the bargain price we payed for this wonderfully located hotel. Okay so it didn't have a grand front entrance, but how much time do you want to spend in a hotel's front entrance?! The desk clerk was very friendly and helpful and as we had arrived late in the day on a Saturday he offered to book us a restaurant nearby, Kuleto's, which proved a very good choice.Our room looked recently refurbished, very plush and the bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom perfectly clean and fresh looking. Our room did have a view of the wall, but that meant it was quiet, and considering the hustle and bustle of Union Square a stone's throw away this was a definate bonus. We took in the view of the street by eating our breakfast at the end of the corridor in the little kitchen area one morning, when there were no free tables in the breakfast room. The breakfast was excellent considering it was described as a continental breakfast, which can often only mean a cup of coffee and a muffin. There were many different pastries, cereals, yoghurts, toast and fruit, we couldn't fault it.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a reasonably priced yet very comfortable and friendly hotel just off Union Square. We stayed here for the first 2 nights of a California &amp; Las Vegas touring trip and it couldn't have been a better start for us, we loved it.Jayne Kelly	
Nov 15 2007 	Loved the Inn!	We loved our stay at this hotel. The location is perfect - close to shopping and wonderful restaurants. There is an abundance of restaurants within walking distance of the Inn, plus the cable car is nearby. For a spectacular view of the City, try the Leatherneck Steakhouse on the 12th floor of the Marine Memorial Hotel and Club (one block from the Inn). The food, service and view are wonderful. You can go for just a drink at the bar if you don't want to dine there. If you enjoy Asian cuisine, try the E&amp;O Trading Co, within a couple of blocks of the hotel. Fun place and good food!Every evening at the Inn we enjoyed wine and cheese in the intimate gathering room just down the hall from us. It is quite charming. Continental breakfast was served there also which was very nice. Juice, coffee, tea, fresh fruit, fresh pastries, cereal, yogurt, hard boiled eggs. A very nice assortment and great start to the day. Coffee and tea are always available and sometimes cookies in the evening.We wil defintely stay at the Inn at Union Square again if our travels take us to San Francisco. The staff is very friendly, the rooms clean, comfortable and attractive. Since there are only 30 or so rooms in the hotel, it is quiet and crowd-free. It feels more like a bed and breakfast than a tradiitonal hotel. The only negative: the view from our room was a brick wall, but we spent very little time in the room anyway so it was not a problem for us. We highly recommend the Inn...a wonderful place to stay.	
Nov 4 2007 	Friendly personal comfy and a great location	We picked the Inn at Union Square after doing heaps of research, and chose it for its location, reviews on here - plus the deal they were offering on rooms.We stayed for three nights at the end of a two-week holiday and were really impressed. The room was a standard Queen and a decent size - even by US standards! The bed was comfy, bathroom clean and spacious with a good shower and Aveda toiletries - and there was plenty of room to chill out and watch telly on the 32&quot;(ish) LCD TV. With cable.Nice decor too - I think the place was refurbished recently, and they've put some real thought into making sure everything works well together.Ok - so the view of a wall was a bit disappointing, but this was the only downside of the room. We stayed in 6 or 7 hotels all around the same price on our trip, and this was definitely the best.What made it really special was the service and attention to detail. The staff were really helpful and genuinely friendly. Breakfast was pretty good and - unlike some previous visitors - we liked the small dining room. It made the place friendly, and you could always take as much food as you liked back to your room if you wanted to eat elsewhere.Wine and cheese each evening was a lovely touch, as was the on-tap coffee, cookies and other unpredictable treats!All in all, definitely recommended. So much better than an amorphous chain, and probably cheaper as well. Oh, and it was thirty seconds from Union Square - did I mention that?	
Oct 5 2007 	Disappointing	Unfortunately, I cannot agree with most of the other reviews, this was the less desirable stay of our whole trip and although I felt I had researched well via TA we were really disappointed and some of the other nearby hotels looked a lot better.Firstly, the entrance to the hotel seemed like a shop front and we almost walked past it. The reception area was nothing like the photo on the hotel website. It was very small and no library as shown. There was no restaurant and the dining room only had four small round tables - no good in a 30 room hotel. The breakfast was acceptable although I assume this was brought in from outside as the hotel had no kitchen. At least three of the five desk staff didn't have a clue where to direct us when we enquired about eating out.When I originally booked I asked for a Queen suite no higher than 4th floor as I do not use elevators. The elevator was very tiny too. When we arrived, the computer system was &quot;down&quot; and they put us in a bedroom on the 5th floor, but when we eventually got up there (the key cards didn't work) it was just a room with a king bed - no good for 3 adults. They offered to bring up a z-bed but fortunately, I had the e-mail with me saying we had a queen suite booked, so they honoured it but we ended up on the 6th floor!We had a blocked toilet in the early hours. I reported it at 6.30am and they said someone would be up at 7am, nobody attended until 8am (after my 2nd phone call).All in all - the hotel is in a good location, but there are others nearby which look much better and I would use them instead.	
Sep 28 2007	A jewel in the midst of the City.	This hotel is a gem. Right in the middle of San Francisco convenient to everywhere. Excellent and attentive service, very comfortable rooms and particularly quiet given the proximity of the downtown. Breakfasts were very good. If a very slight quibble is warranted, the breakfast room was a bit limited in size and overwhelmed by a television. I can't really fault the hotel. It had character and charm. Very good value. It excelled in attention to detail (eg fruit and cookies coffee and tea served on the second floor, a wine reception each evening, free morning newspapers). Parking is a bit of an issue like all hotels in San Francisco and it is best to avoid using a car until you leave the city. Great for couples although it isn't really a hotel for families.	
Sep 14 2007 	Great Boutique Hotel	We arrived at The Inn on Union Square a couple of hours before check in - and we were happily surprised that our room was ready for us. We booked a King Suite which had 2 seperate rooms - 1 bedroom and 1 living room area. The living room area was quite small and had 2 chairs (no couch) to watch TV with - we never used this room. We found that we were so busy taking in the sights of the beautiful city that all we needed was the bedroom. The room was beautifully decorated and we must agree with all of the other reviews that the breakfast was a huge bonus (as well good). We joked about who would make breakfast for us in the mornings when we returned home. I loved the chocolate chip cookies at night - in fact when we were out for dinner I had no need to order dessert knowing that back at our gem of a hotel there was tea and cookies waiting.The staff were friendly and helpful and well it is true that we looked out a brick wall - we were also looking at beautiful plants that had planted along the ledge of the exterior wall.We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Sep 8 2007 	Happy at the inn	We booked the inn at union square after reading rewiews and decided we wanted to live close to union square. I´m really happy with our choise.The hotel is a little small but the room was really big and clean. It was really beatuiful actually. Big TV, a nice sofa and a great bed. Not mutch of wiew though. The breakfastroom was quite small but there was never any problems and it was never full. Great breakfast with alot of choises. Morningpaper every day, water and chocolate in the afternoon, wine and cheese in the evening and cookies in the night. Free internet and great staff. Union square is a great location, it´s in the middle of everything and always alot of people around. We had rented a car at avis in LA and we dropped it of at Avis just across the street from the inn.	
Jul 17 2007 	Glad we picked the Inn at Union Square	Yes, it's narrow and the rooms are on the tiny side (at least ours was!), but lovely and enjoyable nonetheless. Staff was friendly and helpful - I'm going to sound ancient here, but it was surprising given their ubiquitous youth in which one might expect indifference or surliness, but they were all uniformly polite and service-driven. Room decor was tasteful, the bed and chairs comfortable and upholstered/covered in nice fabrics, the TV extra nice. No A/C, but with the fan on and the window wide open it was just right. That our window faced onto a brick wall was actually a plus in leaving it open with the curtains pulled aside all night. Was pleasantly surprised that street noise did not bother us in the least for sleeping. Super-strong shower with plenty of immediate hot water. Hairdryer, iron, robes, Aveda toiletries, water and chocolates are provided. Breakfasts were just enough choice - fruit, cereal, pastries, hard-boiled eggs, juice and coffee. Was surprised how good the wine was during the afternoon wine and cheese. Overall a lovely experience!	
Jul 10 2007 	Nice stay at Inn at Union Square	We booked a Queen room, which was the least expensive available. When we arrived we happily found we had a king bed. The room was small but comfortable. There is no AC but a ceiling fan and the windows open. The view was of a brick wall, which I am sure all the rooms have because of the way it is set up, but it was quiet. We could hear the bell of the cable car and that was cool! Very San Francisco! The bathroom was small with a tiny stall shower (not for the extra large types) with occasional hot/cold blasts, but great water pressure. Great bed and linens with down comforter and pillows. Very clean and classy.	
Jun 9 2007	Excellent Union Square Hotel	The Inn at Union Square was an excellent hotel for our recent vacation. Some of the best aspects included:-Free breakfast every morning (bagels, fruit, yogurt, juice, etc.)-Excellent location near Union Square, Theater District, Chinatown, etc.-Cable car stop less than 1 minute walk on the corner of Post and Powell-Evening turn down service (with chocolate and water)-Friendly, helpful staff-Free wireless internet-Recently remodeledThe only negatives were that the rooms were a bit on the small size and that there was no microwave/refrigerator in the room but there was one in the main lobby of our floor that we could use. I would highly recommend The Inn at Union Square for anyone travelling to San Francisco.	
Jun 4 2007 	Great Weekend Away	My husband &amp; I don't get away very often so we wanted somewhere special to stay on our weekend away. We upgraded to the jr. suite and loved it. We have vowed to stay at the Inn every time we visit San Fran. The staff was WONDERFUL! They catered to our every need and even left some cookies in our room for us when they knew we would be out for a late night. Can't say enough about this truely special hotel. Can't wait to return!	
May 29 2007 	Exceptional little hotel which lived up to the good reviews	As a result of reading good reviews we decided to stay at this lovely hotel for four nights at the end of a five week holiday across Asia, Europe and the USA. We were not disappointed and found this place to be top notch. Our room was spacious, clean, quiet and recently redecorated very nicely indeed. We loved the wine and cheese each evening and the breakfasts served in the little end area on various floors. A very nice touch. On top of this we were right in the heart of the City with great restaurants and theatres close by. This was a fantastic place in which to end our holiday. The staff were very friendly and could not have been more helpful.	
May 14 2007 	Well run and well located hotel - good value	Smallish, well-run hotel just off Union Square. There are not many amenities and limited communal space but this isn't really an issue given the location. Our room had been recently refurbished and was well-sized - decent bed too. Very helpful staff. Warmly recommended for short breaks (business or pleasure) in the city.	
Mar 16 2007	We found a jewel in the heart of Frisco	We decided to jet off to San Francisco with a two day advance notice to join friends who were staying in the Union Square area, so we wanted to stay close but not at a big chain hotel and found The Inn at Union Square. Boy did I choose wisely! They stayed at the Westin and The Inn was right across the street, perfect. After a day of sightseeing and shopping our group of 6 always choose to wind down at our hotel because as they said &quot;it's more fun!&quot; They have quaint sitting areas and serve wine and snacks, great for chit chat and meeting other guest. This is included in your stay.We stayed in a King suite and compared to the rooms at the Westin it was the Taj Mahal. The room was very well appointed with beautiful linen, two flat screen tvs, closet space galore and a lovely sitting room. The only thing this hotel lacks is a restaurant to make it a 5 star but the Farallon is 10 steps away. Our friends have never stayed at a smaller property in SF but after experiencing The Inn they are converted. You will also feel secure here- in order to use the elevator or stairs you have to slide your room key. As far as comfort the bed was wonderful with feather pillows and the room was pitch dark and very quiet- I slept like a baby.In the morning you only had to walk down the hallway to find coffee or tea you didn't have to go hunting for it or wait for room service, I love having coffee while I get ready for my day. The complimentary continental breakfast was fresh and had numerous choices; fruit, pastry, bagels, hard boiled eggs, cereals, juices and more.The staff from the room attendants to the front desk clerks were terrific. They always greeted you with a smile and &quot;hello&quot;. I accidentally left my keys in my room safe, they fell out of my purse and the safe was on the top shelf of the closet so since I'm of average height I didn't realize they were there. We realized we didn't have them when we were on the terminal bus back to the parking area at the airport. We called The Inn and spoke to Mark and he was more than happy to check the room safe and called us back within a few minutes and said it would be no problem sending them to us-- we got them Fed Ex priority the next day---Now thats customer service!!!!For the value, the luxury, the amenities, the location, the service this is the place to stay. It may be small but bigger is not always better.	
Mar 14 2007 	Good dowtown hotel	This is one of the better Union Square hotels I've stayed at. My room seemed to have been recently renovated and was pleasingly large, with a separate sitting area and large LCD tv. The hotel distinguishes itself by the little touches: Aveda bath products, complimentary breakfast, bottled water and chocolates, tea and cookies, a wine hour, complimentary wifi (although during the five days I was there the network was having major problems), bathrobes and umbrellas in the rooms. I had a room at the back of the hotel that was totally quiet but didn't feel gloomy. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jan 30 2007 	Excellent	I really enjoyed staying at The Inn. I have stayed there twice &amp; each time was very exceptional service. The staff is friendly, helpful &amp; professional. The hotel gave me a very warming and cozy feeling. The rooms are clean &amp; updated. There's complimentary continental breakfast in the mornings, and snacks &amp; wine in the evenings. It's great for those who just want to sit down and relax next to the fireplace and read the paper after a full day out in the city! The Inn is very convenient to tons of shopping &amp; restaurants, also the cable car line, definitely a great location. Overall, The Inn is one of my overall favorites and I will return the next time I visit San Fran.	
Jan 18 2007 	A Great Spot in the Heart of the City	The Inn at Union Square treats its guests very well. We felt like we were staying with friends, the hotel is very small and intimate. Breakfast and the afternoon wine and cheese were nice touches and served as chance to meet other guests.The room was newly renovated and comfortable. This room was larger than the room we had in a major hotel last year and was a much better value.	
Nov 4 2006 	Great find in the heart of SF	We wanted a small, friendly, hotel in the heart of San Francisco, and that is exactly what you get with the Inn. The hotel itself is nothing to look at from the outside...in fact it is easy to miss with its tiny reception area! However, the hotel has a quaint feel about it, the rooms are well laid out and clean and all the staff we met were very friendly. The small touches such as the continental breakfasts and evening cheese and wine in the communal area at the end of each corridor and the tea and jar of fresh cookies in the eveninig raise this above the average. Throw in the location too....just off Union Square...and you have a lovely alternative to one of the big soulless chains.A word of warning to those who like their rooms big. Although we found the room plenty big enough for our needs, and on a par with similar hotels in Britain, some may find the room a bit small. Also, do not expect views from the window...most of the rooms face onto the blank brick wall of the neigbouring building about 5 feet away! For me, these points in no way took away from the overall sense that this was a great find in the heart of SF.	
Oct 26 2006 	Romantic Inn - personalized service	After reading the review here for the Inn at Union Square I booked it for 2 nights following running in the Nike Women's Marathon. I was pleasantly surprised by the Inn. It was charming and the staff was excellent. We arrived a bit early and were not able to check in early, but the staff stored our bags and offered to call when the room was ready. We did not arrive back until late that evening and we commented that we had missed the wine and cheese reception. The staff overheard and brought a bottle of wine to our room. My only complaint is that the rooms can get a bit warm if you visit at a warm time - the hotel does not have air conditioning. If you're looking for a romantic, convenient spot - with great reommendations for places to visit, eat, etc. the Inn is a great choice.	
Oct 18 2006	Great little hotel in the heart of Union Square	We had a reservation at the Warwick, but it was full so they sent us to the Inn at Union Square and paid the rate difference. What a wonderful surprise!!! Location was unbeatable if you want to be in the Union Square section of town. Rooms were cozy and loved the fact that they have a living room section where the TV is located and that the bedroom is separated from the living room section by a door (perfect if one person wants to watch TV but the other wants to sleep). Breakfast were very good, cheeses and dried fruits served with the wine were excellent and there was plenty of both!. The chocolate chip cookiest that are available at night are wonderful and definetely fresh. All these is complimentary. The staff is friendly and helpful. For example, we checked in early and since our room was not ready, we left the suitcases downstairs. When we came in a couple hours later, the suitcases were in our room waiting for us! Our room in the 6th floor was very quiet. All in all a great hotel!	
Oct 9 2006	Great find in the heart of San Fran	I needed a hotel in Union Square and was lucky enough to find this gem. Before booking i read a few really negative reviews on TripAdvisor... which almost made me change my reservation. I ended up staying at the hotel and was VERY please I did. Here are some key attributes:1. Location: Very good location in the city2. Price: Great price... i got a great room for around $150/night when most other nicer hotels in the Union Sq area were double that.3. Very comfortable rooms: while the room was small, it had a very comfortable bed, great lines, newly redone bathroom and Free Wi-fi throughout the hotel. 4. Character: I realize that the building is old, but that creates some of the character. I would prefer to stay in a hotel like this with some style than the standard, generic Hiltons/Marriotts in each city.4. Nice staff: very professional and courteous staffThe only small issue... Parking cost $40/day which is tough to swallow, but par for the course in San Fran. I travel a lot and have stayed in many hotels... this was as good as any (shy of the ritz or 4 seasons) and i would definitely stay at this or other Kimpton hotels again.Bryan, Atlanta	
Sep 24 2006	Charmed by the Inn at Union Square	Have just returned from the Inn at Union Square stayed 13th-16th September. A charming hotel, the staff were very polite and nothing was too much trouble. Enjoyed the wine and cheese, giving people the chance to meet other guests and chill out after a busy day, before going out to dinner. The room we were allocated was exactly like the photograph small but well presented. The hotel is in a very convenient location for getting around San Francisco and I would certainly stay there again.	
Sep 19 2006	Loved the Inn at Union Square	We stayed at the Inn at Union Square for 3 nights(13th - 16th Sept 2006). We thoroughly enjoyed the hotel and all the service it offered including the wine and cheese in the evening prior to dinner and the hot coffee on our return in the evening. The rooms were small but beautiful no complaints whatsoever.The Alcatraz tour was brillant as was the city tour, we hired bikes from Blazing Saddles and biked across the Golden Gate Bridge into Sausolitio, that was amazing really worth doing.The food was brilliant, we had lunch at the Cheesecake Factory in Macys that was excellent, dinners: Chinatown at Brandy Hoes excellent, North Beach at the North Beach Cafe that was absolutely brilliant, and sorry to our last meal was awful, this was at the highly recommended Scala's (next to the Sir Francis Drake Hotel) I would certainly NOT recommend this establishment, food was awful, pasta so salty I could'nt eat it and my brother's steak was only fit to sole your shoes(and by the way it was not well done, but cooked just under medium).	
Aug 11 2006 	Charming Friendly Great Location	The Inn at Union Square is a very charming hotel. The staff was so friendly...from the front desk staff to the people setting tending to the fireplace where the complimentary breakfast is served. Breakfast included yogurt, bagels, pastries, fruit, granola, hard boiled eggs, orange juice, coffee, and tea. Also included is wine and cheese in the evenings. We were never around at time so I cannot comment on that. The rooms were clean, pretty and comfortable. The location was perfect - right at Union Square and steps away from catching a trolley. The lobby is small but this was fine with us. We didnt spend alot of time in the lobby. I would definitely stay at the Inn at Union Square again!	
Jun 15 2006	Friendly staff great location	After over 20 hours aircraft travel from Perth, Western Australia the Inn at Union Square was a welcomed and pleasant experience for my wife and myself. The staff were very friendly and helpful and we were pleasantly surprised with our suite which was very clean, comfortable and quiet. We were impressed with the warmth and homiliness of the hotel together with the inclusive continental breakfast, business centre with travel information and free internet access for guests and the evening happy hour.The hotel is perfectly positioned in the better part of San Francisco close to Union Square, shopping centres, restaurants and the famous Cable Cars that take you down to Fisherman's Wharf.Our three night's stay at the Inn at Union Square was most enjoyable and a great start for our USA and Canada holiday. I would have no hesitation in staying at this hotel again or recommending it to friends.	
Jun 3 2006	Great stay at the Inn	Like the previous post, we throughly enjoyed our stay at the Inn at Union Square but with a little more attention it could have been great. Then again, we only paid $149 which is a bargain given the location.We stayed for 10 days and booked an Internet special. Our room (5th floor) was fine and included a king-sized bed, two nightstands, arm chair and ottoman, armoir with TV, and desk and chair...all Georgian style. There are other updated rooms that have more modern features. Ours, however, were in good shape. Bathroom had tub/shower (great water pressure), toilet and sink with marble counter. It's on the small side for most American tourists, but we're used to traveling in Europe and found the size just fine...particularly for the small amount of time we spent there. A few quirks to be aware of: the hotel is extremely narrow, meaning our two windows overlooked some air exchange units to other buildings in the block. It could be quite loud, but it actually became like white noise, blocking out the various sirens and sounds of the city. We had our windows open the whole time, and the breeze was delightful. We lucked out and had sun and 65 degrees for our entire trip making for perfect sleeping weather.The location of the hotel can't be beat, and in fact, a few locals who were with us on the Supershuttle from the airport remarked such. The hotel is bordered by Farallon, an excellent seafood restaurant, and Morton's, a steakhouse. Borders is in the same block, as is a Walgreen's for those misc items you forgot. The cable car stops right in front of Borders, but you will have better luck walking the three/four blocks to the Powell station to catch them when they turn around. During the week was a minimal wait - weekends were nuts. The hotel also has great restaurants around it - Scala's Bistro, Postrio, Kuleto's are within a block or so. If you're a shopper, there are numerous high-end stores all around Union Square.The other perks of breakfast and evening treats have been mentioned in prior posts. Same was true for us: quite generous morning breakfast, though it seemed to be a slow time at the hotel, meaning we had to go down to the third floor to get it. There are small lounges at the end of each floor but depending on how full the hotel was, sometimes breakfast was served there, sometimes just on 3rd....no big deal. Each morning included coffee, freshly squeezed OJ, granola and raisin bran, various donuts or quick breads, bagels, hard boiled eggs, yogurt. You can either eat there or bring back a tray to your room. Sometimes there were folks who wanted to chat, and depending on our mood we either chatted or just got a tray. You can feel free to do either. The San Fran Chronicle was delivered to our door each day except for Sunday which you had to pay for at the front desk - just a buck, I think. Evening hors'doeuvres were three different cheeses (brie, blue, and swiss), crackers, dried fruit, chocolates, and either chardonnay or cab sauv. Although breakfast was quite generous, the evening snacks were a bit chintzy and you had to get there early to score any cheese. Again, we usually took a tray back to the room, though we did have a couple nice chats with some folks from Britain and Pittsburgh.The staff was quite pleasant, though their concierge services could be improved. We asked advice on car rental agencies and could have used a heartier endorsement, instead of the bland &quot;any are fine&quot; response. Housekeeping folks were incredibly helpful - more so than front office staff....though, again, all were pleasant and remembered you when you came back at the end of the day.All in all, this place is an incredible value, best for folks who appreciate the location and comfort and niceties. If you're expecting the Ritz-Carlton and will settle for nothing less, look somewhere else. If the things I describe appeal to you, you won't be disappointed. Enjoy.	
May 21 2006 	Not Quite What it Could Be	Having read several positive reviews on this site, we readily booked The Inn at Union Square rather than the Westin St Francis (where we could have reserved a room at a conference rate ... exactly the same rate we paid at the Inn at Union Square). We had read some so-so reviews on the St. Francis, so we were anxious to stay across the street, at the same price, and have a better experience.When we arrived in the ultra-tiny lobby (about as wide as a cable car!) we were disappointed to learn that somehow the hotel didn't have the reservation we had made online. Luckily I had my printed-out confirmation from the web, so the desk clerk calmly ... but quietly ... worked on finding us something. I think he asked us three different times what day we were checking out. We started to get worried, but he then let us know that he was going to upgrade us to a suite instead of the standard room we had reserved. That pleased us, of course. We were given room #301.Upon entering the room, we were initially pleased. As with most San Francisco hotels, especially older properties, the room was small. But it seemed well appointed and we enjoyed having a window in the bedroom (at the back of the unit) and in the living area (at the front). The living area window faced directly onto Post and we could see Union Square, the St Francis, and could hear the cable cars. Windows opened to provide good ventilation (it was hot in the city when we were there!). We realized, though, that the room appeared nice on the surface but really is in need of some new furnshings. The couch in the living area was absolutely worthless. I sat on it once ... and about sank to the floor ... no kidding. It was a hide a bed and clearly something was wrong with it. It sagged a lot and sitting in it was comical for a few moments, then downright silly. It was also badly stained (red wine ... I'm hoping it was red wine, anyhow). Luckily there were two club chairs to sit in instead.The bed was nicely appointed, but very uncomfortable. I can generally sleep anywhere, but found this bed to be the quality of a Holiday Inn, Super 8, or EconoLodge bed. The linens were nice, but the support was extra-extra firm ... yet lumpy.The rooms seemed clean on the surface, but there were plenty of dust bunnies and &quot;fuzz&quot; in the corners. It just looked like it needed a good head-to-toe cleaning. The elevator went out on our first day at the hotel and we were told that it would be operational soon. It didn't bother us in the least as we were already using the stairs exclusively, but we did notice that the elevator stayed out the entire time we were there. During our stay we enjoyed the breakfast items (served immediately outside the door to our suite) and found the selection to be fine. Yogurt, croissants, fruit salad, hard boiled eggs, and bottled water &amp; coffee were available. We enjoyed the evening appetizers one night (cheeses, chocolate, crackers, and grapes). I also took advantage of the complimentary overnight shoe shine service, which wasn't a &quot;great&quot; shine, but I did really enjoy having the service available.The hotel's website lead me to be believe that use of the nearby Club One fitness club was complimentary. It wasn't. The fee was $15/day. I did that one day ... and I wouldn't say it is probably worth the $15. The other day I hoofed it a bit down to the Financial District and used my YMCA membership from home and got into that club for $3. It is one of the best YMCAs I've ever seen. Huge!The location of the Inn at Union Square is fantastic. Great access to restaurants, Union Square shopping, the cable cars, and we walked all over the city from there. Would we stay there again, though? Maybe. Not definitely. We left feeling like it could really be so much more with just a bit more TLC and refinement. It isn't a bad place by any means. It just isn't what we had expected it to be.	
Apr 21 2006	What a fun getaway	My husband had business in SF, so I joined him after his conference for a long weekend in the city. Since we were able to &quot;ditch&quot; all three of our preschoolers, we decided to stay at a smaller, more intimate hotel right in the heart of things. The Inn at Union Square was perfect for that. We stayed in a room that featured a fireplace, small sofa and coffee table. Our view was out over some garages and into the neighboring office-type buildings. Because I love the sounds of a bustling city, we slept with our windows open. The room was small, but perfectly adequate for two travelers. The bathroom was small...just a toilet &amp; bathtub. I noticed some peeling wallpaper, but nothing horrendous. The vanity area outside of the bathroom had very little counter space, but no big deal. I have very little counter space at home!The linens were nice and the pillows devine. Once we got the correct cable, we were able to use the internet effortlessly. We particularly enjoyed the little wine and cheese gatherings in the early evening. We met different people every night, which, for us, is the wonderful part of traveling. The location couldn't have been any better....just a half a block off of Union Square. We didn't rent a car and were able to get everywhere we wanted mostly on foot, occassionally by public transportation and once by cab. For the price, we would definitely stay at the Inn again.	
Apr 18 2006	Pleasant experience	My friend and I stayed at The Inn at Union Square in late February 2006. Our stay was a very pleasant experience. Regarding the hotels location, you would not want to be staying anywhere else. Transport, shopping, restaurants, nightlife were only a block or two away. The rooms were quaint and adequate with old style decorating, which added to its ambience. Rooms were not overly big, but comfortable. No views out of the window, but no big deal. The afternoon wine and cheese sessions were a really good idea. It gave you an opportunity to mix with other guests if that is what you want. The staff were helpful. The boutique style of the hotel added to our overall excellent opinion of San Francisco and would certainly stay there again.	
Apr 4 2006	Great service great location!	We stayed at the Inn at Union Square for three nights and found it to be a very pleasant experience. Like most older hotels, it had some quirks but that was part of the appeal. Traveling with a teen-ager, the only complaint we had about the petite suite was that the couch and pull-out bed left a bit to be desired. However, that said, everything else was great. The carpets were recently shampooed, the room was clean, the staff was excellent and responsive to our needs. We enjoyed the breakfasts and afternoon wine/cheese. Our room was located on the same floor, and we had no problems with noise, and certainly enjoyed the convenience. We would stay there again and recommend it to our friends!	
Mar 27 2006 	faded glory	Great Service, great location. Kinda grubby in the corners and along the baseboards. The finish on the bathtub was peeling off and quite a bit of mildew on the bath tiles in the tub. The bedding was worn and the pillows were terrible little tiny flat things that were goosedown about 5 years ago. Now they are just goose fragments.Good wine and cheese at happy hour for free. The internet was down for 3 days but they offered to repay us if we wanted to use dial-up. this was too much hassle for me so I just used their computer on the second floor which was very nice in a nicely decorated room.Would not stay there again, but not a bad place just not a great place either.	
Mar 24 2006	Great location nice room	We spent 2 nights at the Inn and found the best asset to be it's location! Very convient to major transit routes, right on the Powell Cabel Car lines, lots of fanstastic shopping and restaurants within steps of the hotel.We had a petit suite - which was indeed petit, but worked well for us as we were traveling with a toddler. The room was worn with stains on carpets and upholstry, but overall functional. Make sure to request a room on an upper floor and near the back of the hotel if you want a bit more peace and quiet.The breakfast, wine hour, and cookies are a great touch, yummy, and well stocked. They have them set up on the 3rd and 5th floors lobbies - so again if you want more quiet request the 4th or 6th floor.They also had a computer and health club available to guests - which was handy.For the price it was a great deal.	
Jan 23 2006	Perfect Location	My husband and I stayed at the Inn on MLK weekend and were pleased. It is typical of older San Francisco (and New York) hotels in that the rooms are old fashioned, but these folks lend a lot of attention to detail. We had a top-floor suite--two rooms and a bath (great price!) and I was gratified to find ample shelving, sink surround, drawers and cupboards in the bathroom to store my many potions and lotions. The location can't be beat, of course, and aside from the somewhat hammocky bed, I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Leave your car behind, tho--the new rate for parking is $36, with a 14% tax, and with tip you'll be near $50/night for the privilege.	
Dec 3 2005	Disappointed	My husband and I spent a few days here in the summer celebrating our anniversary. We had read great reviews of the hotel but were very disappointed with our stay. The hotel couldn't find our reservations upon arrival, despite our copy of our Internet confirmation, so we had to keep checking back with the front desk to see if we were going to be sent to a sister hotel or could stay there. (It turns out we would have been better off had we been sent to another hotel.) We were finally put in a very inadequate room looking out at a brick wall. The hotel ran out of towels and facecloths so one day we both had to share one towel and one facecloth. We were disturbed by the staff knocking on doors looking for a customer's luggage they had misplaced. The front desk gave us an early wake up call on the wrong morning, and were 45 minutes late with the wake up call the morning we had to catch an early flight. The complimentary wine and cheese was a nice touch at the end of the day, but we would never go back there despite the great location.	
Oct 30 2005	A great place to stay in S.F.	There is not much to add to the previous glowing and detailed reviews. The service is friendly yet professional. Our room was immaculate and nicely decorated. The breakfasts and evening wine tastings (including cheeses, crackers, almonds, dried fruit and chocolate) as well as the hot cider and cookies were greatly appreciated. And the location was perfect. I have mixed emotions writing this review because I'd like to keep it my little secret but I think the word is out.	
Oct 14 2005	Great location and value	Just stayed at the Inn at U.S. Oct 10th thru 13th. The hotel was clean, nice, and in a great location, just steps from Union Square. The continental breakfast was nice, as was the evening snacks. The room was clean, and a good size. The only thing is that the bathroom could use a little updating. the shower has great water-pressure, though...a plus! Parking is a nightmare in San Francisco, and we were charged $35 a night for parking!!! Other than that, it was a great hotel and we will stay there again in the future.	
Oct 5 2005	A gem of a hotel in SF	This is truly a terrific little boutique hotel in a wonderful location. The staff is unbelievably attentive. The breakfast and evening goodies were delicious. One of the most memorable features was the thermos of hot apple cider that was available in the lobby every day. What a perfect way to warm up after spending the day in the chilly air in the city! I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone, including those with families. Our 7 year old really enjoyed staying in such a small hotel and particularly loved having her own room in the living room area of our suite at nite. I read about this hotel almost 20 years ago in an in flight magazine that featured smaller hotels in SF that the networks were using during the political convention that year. I now understand why the networks so highly recommended this hotel.	
Sep 13 2005	Great find!	This was a great alternative to all the other big name hotels in the Square district. It's tiny (but quaint) lobby is a bit disconcerting at first.... but our room (an exectutive King w/ fireplace) was quiet large and comfortable. I can't comment on the standard room. But for the rate we paid (129$pn) Go for the biggest room you can get. You'll be paying 250+ to stay at the Westin across the street. I was really pleased w/ the little extras. They had a very nice continental breakfast and evening wine &amp; snacks in the common areas of each floor everyday. The fireplace was usually burning which was nice since San Fran can be a bit chilly. The location was perfect. Had no problem walking around the city, catching a cab or taking a trolly. Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 8 2005 	Incredible service and comfort; great location	Stayed at the Inn at Union Square for two nights at the end of August for business. Room was in the back of the hotel w/o much view but was very comfortable and spacious (surprisingly). Enjoyed the happy hour wine, cheese and crackers, fruit, and chocolates next to the crackling fire. The hotel is in a fantastic location just 30m from Union Square and adjacent to tons of shopping, restaurants and entertainment.Decided to save the company a few bucks and self-park for $23/night rather than the $30 or $35 it would have been for valet. It was about a block and a half away, but not bad. The service was outstanding. Maids in the hall greeted me by name. The man setting up the happy hour couldn't have been nicer and the front desk staff was consistently helpful and friendly. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone in San Francisco for business OR pleasure! I'll be back!	
Sep 8 2005	Mixed feelings	We stayed here for our one year anniversary. Like most of the other reviews, we enjoyed the complimentary shoe shine, breakfast, wine and appetizers, etc. For the price, the location couldn't be better. What we did not like was the bed in our room (303). The comforter was faded and dingy, and the bed was made up of many layers of flat sheets that became a tangle of messy linens when you got into bed. The comforter fell off the bed on one side and the sheets fell off on another. I woke up at 4 AM to redo the bed so could not feel rested.	
Aug 24 2005	Perfect!	We stayed at The Inn at Union Square just this past week (August, 2005) and we can't say enough good things about it! We stayed in room 301, which is one of the &quot;Petite Suites&quot; and includes a living room, bath and separate bedroom. My children slept on the sofa bed and were quite comfortable. The living room has a large window overlooking Post Street. Position one of the comfy chairs slightly to the side and you can see Union Square and watch the bustling street below. When we were there we could hear the live musical entertainment from the Square in the afternoons and evenings. Each morning there is a continental breakfast which I would consider to be average. It includes juices, danish, cereal, yogurt, granola, and very strong coffee! Around 5:30 every afternoon complimentary wine and hors d'oeuvres were laid out for guests (cheeses, chocolate, crackers, cranberries, and dried fruit each day that we were there). We were always starving after a day in the city and this was the perfect thing to return to. Later in the evening there are cookies, as well.I can't compliment the staff enough. They greeted us at the door and were always available to help with anything we needed, although they were never at all intrusive. The inn really IS just steps from Union Square, and is also very close to the trolley turnaround, the 1/2 price tickets kiosk, the Muni (buses) and LOTS of restaurants in just about any price range. (Our entire family ate lunch in nearby Chinatown for less than $8 one day!)Other pluses: Aveda products, complimentary umbrellas and robes in the rooms, and great water pressure in the shower! What's not to love about this wonderful inn?	
Aug 16 2005	Brilliant Hotel	I stayed at the Inn for a few days in May and I thought it was brilliant. It has the perfect location, lovely rooms (I know some people think they are small, but by British standards they are big!), and it is amazingly good value. The standout factor for me were the staff: I had a problem with my credit card and they went out of their way to help me. Moreover, they were always extremely friendly and helpful. I could not recommend it enough. When you get service like this, it just highlights how bad the service is at some chain hotels.	
Jun 15 2005	Inn at Union Square is Excellent	Our stay at the Inn at Union Square was very comfortable. The Inn is in a great location and very convenient to shopping, public transportation and sites such as Chinatown. A small lobby, but each floor has a small lobby/sitting area where they serve hors d'oeuvres in the afternoon, cookies in the evening and a very nice continental breakfast. There is a refrigerator, ice, and coffee/tea supplies, etc. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and the room amenities were top-rate. Granted, we were lucky enough to get a courtesy upgrade, so we had a living room, bath and bedroom, but the rooms were charming. I would definitely recommend this Inn. For the price- it can't be beat.	
Feb 16 2005	Elegant 	This is a fantastic place! My husband and I regularly go to San Francisco for business and decided for a change to try the Inn at Union Square for our visit a few weeks ago. The location is very central -- literally steps away from Union Square, and less than 10 minute walk from Powell BART station. The staff were wonderfully friendly and helpful. Complimentary continental breakfast and evening wine (excellent white &amp; red) &amp; cheese were delicious. The room we stayed in was very clean and seemed newly renovated with lovely extras like Aveda soap and thick bathrobes. We enjoyed our stay so much that we already rebooked for a Summer 2005 trip!	
Jan 3 2005	A Wonderful Place to Stay	I discovered this boutique hotel via an internet search in 2003. I had the occasion to travel on business to the Bay area several times in 2003/2004. Overall, the place is a charming, comfortable and pleasant place to stay. It is also a value.What first drew me to the Inn at Union Square were the internet specials they were running. I was able to get a room within the Federal government allowance. Adding to the value were the complimentary continental breakfasts in the morning, and the wine/appetizers in the evening. They also put out cookies at night.The second thing that drew me to the Inn was its location. It's right in the heart of Union Square, convenient to shopping, restaurants, the financial district, and cable cars. What keeps me going back to the Inn is the continued value, the polite and responsive staff, and the guests I've met. If you haven't been to this place, it is in a narrow building with only about 5-6 rooms per floor. There are only 5 or 6 floors. On each floor, at the front of the building is a bay window seating or butler's area, overlooking Post St., where there is a table, fire place, and some counter space. This is where the breakfasts are served in the morning, and the wine in the evening. While sitting at the table with a glass of wine, I've often been joined by other guests who have engaged me in very nice conversation. So, the hotel gives you an intimate or kind of a small town feel in a large city, which I enjoy. The rooms are nice, although some are a bit tired. Some have been renovated, but every room I've stayed in has been clean and comfortable, if not charming. I highly recommend this hotel! Look on their website for internet specials. If the website doesn't indicate availability or the rate you want, call the hotel directly. Sometimes the website isn't quite up to date and a better rate can be had over the phone. Enjoy!!	
Dec 28 2004	A real disappointment	I have stayed at the Inn numerous times, and booked again in late November. I had requested a quiet king suite two months in advance but when my husband and I arrived only a king, or a queen suite were available. We looked at both and both were very shopworn and cramped but we chose the queen suite. Upon taking our luggage into the room we clearly detected a strange noise near the head of the bed, and were advise by the staff that that was the dishwasher, which was on the other side of the wall in the kitchen &quot;but it will only run for another hour.&quot; It was 10 p.m. by that time and we were told the kitchen staff arrived at 6:15 a.m. We told the staff this wouldn't work and were advised we could get our deposit back.We booked a hotel by phone down the street and upon leaving were told by the staff that they could not insure any refund afterall. The man kept telling us how new he was at the hotel. Furious, we trudged down the street to our new, wonderful Hotel Monaco. We told the &quot;new&quot; guy we would file a charge against them with BBB and ultimately they didn't charge us. Never again will I go to the Inn.	
Dec 23 2004	Extras make this hotel great value!	My husband and I stayed here in September for 3 nights based on the good reviews here about The Inn. We found it to be a small hotel in a great location, with friendly, professional staff and excellent value for money.Our room was reasonably sized, older but had been refurbished at some point in the recent past. Not luxurious, but you certainly can't fault it. The bedlinen, bathrobes and towels are all of beautiful quality. The only issue we had was the weather- San Fransiscans kept telling us it was unseasonably hot, over 90 degrees on the days we were there- we stayed in a room on the top floor with no air conditioning so it was quite stuffy.The Inn's extras make this hotel excellent value for money. The breakfast was substantial and the wine reception not only a nice touch, but the quantity and quality of the canapes were also generous. Little extras in the rooms such as the Aveda toiletries and bottled water were also appreciated. We also met some interesting people over breakfast.We would definitely recommend this hotel, and would stay here again though maybe not in summer.	
Oct 19 2004	WOW!!! What a wonderful find - you will love it too!	I stayed here with my husband in September. We were extemely pleased with the staff, the breakfast, the wine reception, and the price!!! I cannot complain one bit, and I am picky. The rooms are charming too. You will not be disapponted - right off Union Square too. Unbeatable for the money.	
Oct 4 2004	Lovely hotel top class	We arrived on 17th September and were put in room 302. This was a bit noisey due to an air conditioning unit outside the window.We asked for another room and were immediately placed in an upgraded room 607.We were staying 8 nights though so perhaps it was this reason anyway breakfast and evening wine was the best part of this hotel stay. At breakfast 2 floors share the buffet style breakfast at a rather intimate table for 4. We had great morning conversations with other guests and in the evenings were great with sometimes 12 or more people congregating on the 3rd and 5th floors for the wine and nibbles. At times the wine went on too long and we forgot to eat. The staff are very concientious and courteous at all times and I have to single out our wine &quot;helper&quot; Manny who done an excellant job of keeping us supplied of an evening. Daily papers and shoe shine service make this one of the most intimate and best value hotels I've ever stayed in.Highly recommended get booking.	
Sep 23 2004	Good value for the money	My wife and I stayed here in early August. This is a very good value for the money. Great location, helpful staff, quiet, and a nice breakfast are included. It is not elegant or what I would call a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, but it is clean, comfortable, does have a certain charm, and just a great value for the money. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 22 2004	Very satisfied	We stayed at the Inn at Union Square over the fourth of July weekend and were very impressed. While the rooms were smaller than the reviews suggested, we were quite comfortable in our king-size bedroom. Our window looked out on an alleyway and brick wall (nicely painted) but this did not bother us as the street sound was subsequently muted. Above all the amenities set this boutique hotel apart: lovely breakfast (yogurt, cereal, juice, fruit, bagels, sweet rolls, coffee (Peet’s!) more than adequate to our needs and expectations. Wine and cheese is served at 6 and coffee and cookies available in the evening. We had a package ($139/day) which included parking (valet) so that saved up to $30/day. The personnel couldn’t have been nicer, even to brewing decaf coffee for me one evening when I asked about it. We would definitely come back to the Inn!	
Jul 15 2004	Interesting Place	We stayed there for three days last month. We found this to be a well located hotel. And when we called them directly, they immediately dropped the rate down to an average of $149 per night. Plus, when we got there, they upgraded us to a suite with a very decent bathroom.Staff was friendly and helpful. We found the lack of a lobby annoying. But, our suite's sitting room helped alot. We could also sit in a sitting area on several of the floors.Although I did not see a double room, I have a feeling it would have been very tight. The suites, though small were more than adequate. Too bad you can't guarantee a free upgrade before you get there.	
Jul 13 2004	great for locals too		
Jul 11 2004 	Never again		
Jun 29 2004	Really friendly		
Jun 22 2004 	Wonderful small hotel great customer service		
Jun 9 2004	Outstanding Value...We would stay here again.		
May 24 2004	A San Francisco gem		
Mar 29 2004	Mr. Best		
Feb 5 2004	Charming comfortable and very well-run		
Jan 5 2004	Home away from home		
Sep 14 2003	What a Wonderful hotel!		
Nov 20 2009 	cosy en plein coeur de ville		
Oct 8 2009 	ottima posizione buon servizio camera carina		
Oct 7 2009 	Très pratique-sans prétention et très bon rapport qualité-prix		
Oct 4 2009 	Super schönes Hotel		
Sep 2 2009 	Rapport Qualité-Prix imbattable		
Aug 27 2009 	trés bon rapport qualité prix		
Jul 17 2009 	excellent		
Jul 12 2009 	charmant		
Sep 9 2008 	Piccola perla in Frisco		
Sep 2 2008 	Qualità/Prezzo/Centrale meglio di così!!!		
Aug 27 2008 	Absolut empfehlenswert!		
