Oct 26 2009 	GReat place for the price	This was a nice hotel with some charm. The rooms and hallways look a little like they're from the 1800s. The rooms were snug but comfortable. Make sure you don't get a room on the street side because it's very noisy. We asked for a quieter room and they obliged. The neighborhood was close the Powell st street station and union sq parkk which are big hubs of activity. At the same time there were definitely some seedy characters and some (male) strip clubs around.	
Oct 22 2009 	Hell Is Better Than This Place - Do Yourself A Favor And Never Come Here	This was the WORST hotel stay I have ever had! It is comparable to staying in a parking lot- all you hear is horns, CAR ALARMS, even people having sex next door ALL NIGHT. It is as if they are in your room! You will be up through out the entire night - NO SLEEP. And at night there is no manager, so if you call for help, you essentially get NO help. The front guy during the night time claims to have power, but he will just holler at the customers and then says that he is not the manager. Why is he there? Why is he there at all? The people who work there are so incredibly rude with no willingness whatsoever to assist. Do yourself a favor and don't ever, ever come here!!!	
Oct 9 2009	Great value for money	Very convenient location, front desk staff very helpful, we needed to leave our backpacks for a few hours and they were happy to oblige. Older hotel, but very clean. Bathroom and bed linen was spotless. When our hairdryer stopped working and a globe blew in the lamp it was fixed promptly. True there was not much natural light in the room( maybe there was more in others) but you can get sunshine when you are outside enjoying the sights. Yes, it is near the Glide Methodist Church and its services for the homeless, but we (myself and 13 yr old daughter) did not find this a problem. They did not bother us at all. The hotel was close to public transit, restaurants. The only downside was the only computer they had was very slow. There is an internet place close by though. All in all a really good value stay for San Francisco.	
Oct 8 2009 	Nice Quaint Hotel	The Mark Twain was what I was expecting. The rooms were small but had nice furnishings. The bath was small but the room and bath were very clean. The only minus I saw was it was a bit too much noise outside the building. We were on the back side which is not as loud as the front of the hotel..For the money it was a great value. Staff was very helpful.	
Oct 8 2009 	Bare Bones in downtown SF	Hotel was older, but quite charming. Had an &quot;old Hollywood&quot; feel, with the rich, classic lobby decor and attention to detail. The rooms were comfortable and clean, staff were friendly. Our room was on the second floor over the street, so if noise is an issue for you, ask for a different room. The hotel must be by the precinct because there were emergency vehicles zooming by all night long. Other than the noise it was a nice stay. Convenient location for a night out in downtown San Francisco.	
Oct 7 2009 	Hip Boutique Hotel ????	The Hotel Mark Twain is not a 3 Star Hotel! Reading the description and Star Rating on Hotwire lead me to believe this was going to be one of the nicer boutique hotels in the Union Square area. I thought I was getting another GREAT deal from Hotwire based on the price. I was WRONG! A &quot;No Frills&quot; Boutique hotel (if that really exists) is the best way to classify the Hotel Mark Twain.We stayed one night at the Hotel Mark Twain before driving up to Napa/Sonoma. The lobby has contemporary décor but the rest of the property doesn’t adhere to the same “hip” standards. This hotel reminded me of a place I would stay as a college student. The room was clean and adequate. The location of the hotel is convenient (close to restaurants, shopping and public transportation), however, the homeless and other sketchy characters around this area might put off “true tourists”. Just like in most metropolitan areas, the socioeconomic demographics change quite drastically within a two block walk or drive away from the hotel.The elevator is very SLOW and can bearly fit 4 adults with luggage! If you’re a light sleeper this hotel is not a place for you. Loud traffic, horns and sirens were constant throughout the entire night. The rooms do not have A/C! The valet parking is $25/day plus tax and it takes a long time to get your car. The hotel staff was very nice and courteous! The breakfast restaurant next to hotel was great!	
Oct 5 2009 	Mark Twain Hotel - Can't Complain Generally Good.	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two days in September 2009, whilst exploring San Francisco. On the whole it was good, the room itself was on the forth floor, it was a little dark as there was not much natural light in the room. The beds and washroom were fine, and the room itself was perfectly acceptable and clean as well as a good decor. The shower was hot , the TV worked well and it is located at the bottom end of Taylor Street, which is a little out of the centre of things, but walk able to China Town, but a taxi to the main Fishermans Wharf. We went to Alcatraz and did the usual tours of the Wharf, Pier 39, Golden Gate Bridge so great for that. A big downer is that the parking is all valet, and you have to pay 25 USD per day, plus the mandatory taxes, which makes it quite expensive. I am not blaming the Mark Twain Hotel, as this is the case with all the hotels. The main shopping square is close, and the Irish bar is great, even though it's expensive. If you are walking, the hills are a killer, but you can’t get away from that. So as far as the Mark Twain is concerned all round a very pleasant stay for the two days we were there, but don’t turn right down the hill, as we were told this is the dodgy area, where all the weird people of SF hang out, so basically we turned left and walked up the hill.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good basic hotel very centrally located no frills.	This hotel is a great place to be based out of. Very centrally located, steps from the MUNI and BART, and cable cars. The rooms are very clean, very basic, ceiling fan, heating, nice bathroom, simple amenities. If you go to this place expecting a very clean motel-like room, with excellent staff = thats what you receive. If you want a 5-star hotel, look somewhere else. The staff is very friendly, helpful, and kind. I got my wake up calls on time, and received my faxes/fedexes on time. Everything else was good. Id stay here again, but I probably wouldnt honeymoon here. Recommended!	
Sep 25 2009	Great value and location for visitors to San Francisco	I stayed here with my Mother for 4 nights in September and got a room with two beds for a very good price through hotwire. Considering the price I was really impressed with how nice the hotel is. The room was clean, the towels were nice, the staff were helpful and friendly. As others have pointed out, the elevator is small and slow and the rooms are small. However they are not &quot;tiny&quot; by any means. Noise can be an issue as we could hear our neighbors arguing in the morning. It helped to close our bathroom door as a lot of the noise was coming through their bathroom to our bathroom.I've been to San Francisco before and have friends who live there and the neighborhood is as safe as any urban/city center. Would I let my mother walk by herself late at night in the neighborhood? NO, but she has lived in suburbs her whole life. However I felt perfectly safe walking with her. Being very close to Union Square there are LOTS of people around at night. It is only very late at night, say past midnight, that the streets empty out.While you will see homeless people, they are not aggressive like in some other cities. If you are someone like my mother who has lived most of her life in a leafy suburbs, then this is NOT the hotel for you...but if you have traveled at all or have lived in a city, do not be frightened by the other reviews. With in two blocks of this hotel are some VERY upscale hotels, the neighborhood is fine as long as you don't go stumbling around drunk at 2 am!There is an excellent Indian/Pakistani restaurant near the hotel called Punjab. My mother claimed it was as authentic as she has seen any South Asian restaurant in America AND the price is very reasonable!Bottom line, for what we paid this was an EXCELLENT bargain for a hotel right near Union Square and it is an ideal place for visitors to get sleep at night and spend the day out and about in the city! I would not hesitate to take my Mother there again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Very dicey neighborhood and the hotel needs updating	I will say the staff was helpful, and it was close to Union Square as advertised. However, when walking to Union Square, there were a large group of homeless people, as there was some kind of a free clinic right there. I realize San Francisco has a lot of homeless, but this was more than average. The rooms were very small and needed updating. The bathroom was extremely tiny, and there was a cold air return in the shower right next to the showerhead, which was very strange. One night at 3 AM, we were awakened by yelling and loud talking, which sounded right next door. The elevator was miniscule and very slow. Most of the time we used the steps. We would never go back, that's for sure.	
Sep 16 2009 	Nice and Handy	Stayed here for two nights, staff very friendly. The room we had was on the main street and was very noisy with sirens and the homeless yelling most of the night. Very clean and convenient to shops and transport, Internet cafe two doors up very handy. We found the heater worked one night but not the next. Really enjoyed our stay, would stay there again but would ask for a room not on the main street. It was an enjoyable stay and recommend it, price was good too.	
Jun 25 2009 	don't go there	Our booking was through a second party as part of a package- the bed was comfortable, location we thought was good until - we had a room on the main street, the central heating was hot but we could not turn it off, we therefore opened the window - mistake, the street noise was loud, the homeless people yelled half the night along with the traffic noise made for a couple of sleepless nights. The room was small - the bathroom was made for a midget the door couldn't open fully. We did a city tour and the tour operator told us not to go out at night in the area as it was not safe. We really hate to give a bad review but there must be better places to stay in beautiful San Fransisco. We love the city!!! Service at the hotel was not bad, but was lacking. When we made a comment to reception his answer was &quot;it is an old hotel&quot;.	
Jun 16 2009 	Nice little hotel....	We arrived around 11.30pm after 24hrs of travel from England. Check in was quick and easy. Our room was to the side of the hotel with two queen beds on the 4th floor. The room was ok, no complaints but the bathroom was tiny! You had to manoeuvre around the toilet to open and shut the door. We dropped our bags in our room and set off to find water (beer &amp; wine) for the fridge in our room. Flat screen tv with not too many channels though.We found a liquor store on the next corner, dropped the water back off at our room and went looking for a beer. Had a couple in a small bar, went back to the room, had some wine and then bed!We went for breakfast next door to the Taylor St Cafe. Special breakfast was $8.95 for eggs, bacon or sausage, toast and plenty of coffee refils. What surprised us was the fresh fruit salad served on the same plate as the eggs &amp; bacon! Unusual for us Brits but still good! We went here each morning for breakfast, having omlettes the other two mornings. Good value.We asked reception how long it would take to walk to Fishermans Wharf - he said about 30 mins and warned us it was hilly. Well we knew San Fran was hilly, but just how steep and hilly we hadn't realised! We walked the whole of Taylor St to the wharf. It was hard work for oldies like us! but the views were worth it. Walking down hill to the wharf was just as telling on the knees! We spent a couple hours at the wharf and ate lunch at one of the tiny cafes to the side of pier 49. We had excellent lobster, crab and shrimp for $16.95 each and I had the most delicious clam chowder. Then we took the hop on, hop off open top city bus tour. $35 each for a two day pass. Well worth it and we thoroughly enjoyed this. Put sun cream on tho, DH got his forhead burnt! We caught the cable car back to Powell St, $5.50 each, as our legs were so tired!We had a cocktail in the hotel bar before dinner. Quite pricey at $11 each, and we ate at Fish and Farm, (attached to the hotel) on Sat night. The prices given on the menu are inclusive of tax. ( In England they dont put tax on restaurant checks.) We shared a starter of smoked ham gnocci. DH had baked halibut and I had ribs. Sides are extra and we didnt realise this and so didnt order any. The meal came to $65 incl tax and gratuity. The meal was nice but we wouldnt rush back there.We had pre-booked a trip to Alcatraz for Sunday morning with www.alcatrazcruises.com. You are advised to pre-book, as trips are well booked up and you wont get one if you just turn up on the day. This cost $26 each, audio included. We caught the street car from Powell to Pier 33 and this cost $1.50 each -What value! This trip was well worth it and we spent about 2.5hrs on the island. We caught the ciity tour bus back to China Town (using our 2 day pass) and visited Union Square.Sun night we spent in an Irish bar. Turn left out of the hotel, then right (onto Geary or was it Ellis??) anyway about 300 yds down. Fun night. Monday morning we caught the BART at Powell to the airport, $5.35 each for our flight to Vegas. Lots cheaper than a taxi!We enjoyed our stay at Mark Twain and would recommend this hotel. We enjoyed our stay at Mark Twain and would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 9 2009 	I'd Stay Again	There's some reviewers who've griped about the cleanliness and location. Look - it's an older building in an older part of town. If you prefer the sterility of the suburban motels, the MT is not for you. However, if you want clean and comfortable accommodations close to transportation and within walking distance of SF's key attractions, this is your place. The staff is very friendly and willing to make your stay as comfortable as possible.	
Jun 5 2009	We could recommend this hotel absolutely	A perfect hotel to stay in the heart of SF. If you can, reservate a room in the backyard since the room to the street side are a little bit loud. Absolutely friendly and helpful staff and a charming hotel.	
Mar 14 2009 	Loved this hotel - great location wonderful ambience and helpful friendly employees.	We loved our stay in this hotel! Everyone was so nice and helpful, making our trip very enjoyable. This was our first time in San Francisco and we chose this boutique hotel because of its location and because of its unique history. This is not a &quot;cookie cutter&quot; hotel. We stayed there for 6 nights and asked many questions about the city such as: what sites to see, how to get somewhere, what restaurants are good, etc. The employees were always friendly and accommodating - especially Gio and Gregory.I have only 1 tip: Be careful where you walk after dark. We walked everywhere and had no problems. Just be aware of your surroundings - as you should be in any city.	
Feb 6 2009 	Great Stay at a great location	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 2 nights. It was an absolutely great location. When we landed at SFO Airport we tried to catch a cab but the ride would cost us $40-$50. We took the AirTrain to the BART it cost us $5.35 each for a 30 min. ride that left us 3 block from the hotel. (Get off on Powell St.) The BART was great, no traffic, clean cars, and comfortable seats. Once we got off there were police officers everywhere, so I asked them questions instead of the random people off the streets.When we got to Hotel Mark it was so far so good. . . . We booked the room the night before and didn't have any problem at the front desk. When we got to our room on the 3rd floor it was all good. The bed was clean and comfortable. . . .The coffee machine I was not in to, it looked a little dirty, there is a Starbucks everywhere, get coffee there. . . . The Closet was big and spacious but they only gave 5 hangers. . . . Flat screen tv was nice to have and they had decent channels watch (not that we were in the room that often). The mini fridge was good to have also (If you don't want to spend the money on drinks buy your own and keep them there). . . .There was a liquor store on just about every corner (not to sure if that was a good or bad thing but it worked in our favor lol) . One thing I didn't like was that this place didn't have air condition, we didn't need it during this time of the year because out side was very cool, but if we were here while it was hot we would have been f*cked. The heater made a little noise during the night, so if your a light sleeper stay away, you may have to turn the knob on the heater to turn up the heat if you need it. Ummmmmm the front desk was very helpful to find what to do in the area. The area that was pretty decent, except for the homeless people all over, it's not just the hotel's area, they are everywhere. The Cable car aka the trolly were bit expensive $11 dollar for an all day pass, but if you need to go to fisherman's wharf take the F Cable car on Powell st for $1.50 and they give something like a tranfer that you can use within 3 to 4 hour on any F and maybe the MUNI not to sure. Westfield mall was 3 blocks away. Tons to eat while your here ranging from all different prices.	
Jan 14 2009 	not bad...	liked the hotel.... nothing special... but it was cheap for the area somethings to things to expect that i didnt:1) no a/c, but its san fran so you dont need it really2) worlds smallest elevator 3) worlds slowest elevatori asked for something high up in the hotel (trying to get a better view)... got the 8th floor... with a view of the building next door... you are better off on the lower floors so you dont have to use that elevator...all in all i liked the hotel... i wouldnt stay much more south thatn this place as the area starts to get sketchy real fast...	
Jan 8 2009 	Good base for operations	Myself and my boss stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain for a week between 14th - 20th December. We were attending the fall AGU conference being held in San Francisco at the Moscone center. The hotel itself is about 5/10 minutes walk from the Moscone center (depending on your walking speed) so it was in a pretty good location.It was booked through the travel office at work so we had no idea what the hotel itself was going to be like so I came on trip advisor and got a bit worried about the reviews talking about the area it was in. When we got there though it wasn't nearly as bad as has been made out, there were homeless people about but I encountered them more down near Market Street (and just past the Hilton which is on the corner!) so I think to mention them for a specific hotel is wrong, every hotel in the area has the same thing.The hotel itself is pleasant enough, the lobby was nicely presented and the food at the Fish and Farm (I forget the name) was really, really nice.Room wise I can't complain about the size because I was in a double room by myself so I had two double beds to choose from.The windows weren't that bad but I went when it was cold and wet and so I had no inclination to open them (especially since the view was of the inner quadrant of the building!) but the one thing I must mention is the radiators.They are the old victorian style radiators (considering the hotel is styled around then this is no surprise) which means that when the heating is on they are LOUD! There doesn't appear to be any way to fully turn them off either as even when I turned the knob fully off there was still noises coming from it. That said most of the time it is faint background noise rather than anything you really notice.The lift is rather small but it does it's job so that's all that's important as far as I am concerned. Shower in the bath was nice and strong and the towels etc... were all decent quality. So overall it was a good hotel for me simply because it was only ever going to be a base of operations with not that much time spent there apart from sleeping. Frankly that is what this sort of hotel is aimed for and it does it's job well.	
Jan 4 2009 	Mixed experience	This hotel is situated in a safe area of San Francisco and only a short walk to the cable car line and the local diner. As a lone, female traveler, this hotel was ideally situated for me and felt quite safe after darkI found check-in to be no great hassle and the room clean and in good repair. However, the walls were thin and had some trouble sleeping the first night, but was ok there after as the neighbours checked out.The staff were mediocre and didn't seem to know when the Bistro was open - having been told on two consecutive nights that it would be open and then finding it wasn't. On check out I also asked to settle the bill (which I did) and then returned home to find more charges had been made to my credit card. I contacted the hotel about this and they eventually made a refund as a good will gesture.For the money I paid it was an ok place to stay, but would probably try somewhere else next time, although there was nothing majorly wrong with the hotel.	
Dec 23 2008 	was a great budget stay	I was originally booked elsewhere but due to the economic downturn looked for something a little cheaper and let me say what great thing that was. I arrived to a really lovely reception, very easy to get to from the bart and my room was very clean, and simply furnished in a warm and welcoming way. I found the surrounding areas excellent to get great food, shopping and minutes from the cablecar or muni. The staff were more than pleasant and the housekeeping a dream. I booked tours through the hotel and all was above and beyond my expectaions. The hotel is not too noisy or in that bad an area as other reviews have noted. There is a soup kitchen of sorts in the church at the end of the street but people should appreciate that instead of being offended by this. I am a single female traveller and at no time in this area did I feel concerned for my safety. There are always people around and the few down and outs that I did encounter were extremely polite. I would definately stay here again.	
Dec 9 2008 	Just the right value for your money	Warning: Long Read.I gave the Hotel a neutral 3 star mark because I want the reader to be objective in my review and decide for themselves. Satisfaction is subjective and thus my experiences may be positive in my view yet unacceptable for others. To give 5 stars and relate only positives of how wonderful the hotel and services were reads like home TV shopping actors sharing their joy. I am doing this review because, like me I depended on guest experiences to choose which hotel will best suit my budget and needs. I found the reviews on Mark Twain acceptable, and though there were other hotels showing up with lower rates, I decided not to risk too much on my few days in SF. I booked for the Marriot for my first 4 days of business activity and moved at Mark Twain (MT) for the rest of my weekend. Reception.The MT reception area was well decorated and furnished. The Fish n Farm restaurant is in it and makes one think its part of the hotel. Its not a big hotel so don’t expect a big lounge. I arrived around 12pm but I was told to wait 2 more hours in observance of check-in time. I have booked online and stated in my check-in time. For that matter, I think it was just in-house policy and felt suckered about it, at the least, it gave me ample time to have brunch at the next door cafe-diner a good and recommendable breakfast place and it turned out to be always packed too. Building and Room.Elevator is small and will not beat your running down the stairs, which by the way, is narrow too. It’s a small hotel remember? And these tiny inconveniences just added more interesting things to remember while in SF – its subjective. The building itself is old, as observed from the plastered-painted-plastered-painted concrete windows on the corridors... old but maintained, as is the flavor that is SF. The room is cozy, I like natural lighting and that’s what the wooden blinders do perfectly well. Its spacious enough and clean. I don’t know how monstrous one can be not to fit in the bed and room itself. I must admit the bath, old-rose pinked with a lil hint of old European flare is a little bit on the cramped-closet feeling. If you are huge, say a 6 foot 300 pound gorilla, stay away from this hotel, u wont even get pass the snailovator. Stuff in the Room. The towels were fluffy and new, actually better than the Marriot’s. Clean. I did not need to nit pick on every crevices and nooks, I did not find dusts, I did not meet cockroaches, the beds were made, the bath was maintained and stain free. It did not stink. The carpet is cheap but not that bad, though Grey is not really a pleasing color. The beds are good enough, just fair for me due to the crappy throw and under sheet that is close to like rubbing one’s skin on an itchy wool. Wool is nice, Its different when u sleep with it. You may probably request for another blanket. There’s no AC, and u don’t need one in Winter. Air circulation? Open the windows genius. Complimentary coffee and condiments but no complimentary water, its tagged at $4.00 - do you see the entrapment? All hotels do this anyway. The radiator is old school and makes that clankety-clank-clank sound when warm water is pumped in at night; It’s a remarkable thing from the past, I even took pictures of it ?. The walls were not good enough to completely dampen the next room’s TV, but then I planned on getting out and experiencing SF, thus, I went back to my hotel dead-tired and bloated with all the Asian food I’ve consumed, so, no, the noise was not a problem for me.Service.Service was good, except that it was ruined for me by just one night shift front desk that yelled at me and disapproved of my forcing the hotel doors open (I did not know it was supposed to be locked at night and I thought I just wasn’t pushing hard enough) ..as I walked in, he asked, in reprimand, If I did not see the sign that says something bout the doors? Stupid question. “Well I obviously did not see it&quot;, I replied. How could one see a signpost that is off the line of vision, a few meters away, inside a glass door at night? But in fairness, all other staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. Whatever the reason, I think it is a terrible mistake to reprimand a customer. And yes, this is the cost of that mistake. If you are a Marketing analyst, the impact of negative reviews should scare you.Location, shlocation.There were homeless, beggars, drunks and just about those that have some sort of business on the gutters. But, you can find them everywhere you go in that downtown area, even at Union Square, so It is not factual to single it out to the hotel’s location. The hotel is a good few blocks from the main shopping places. It is also a good few blocks where one is better off not to go, but again, so are the other hotels. Prime locations drive prices higher. If you will place MT in the middle of the shopping district, you probably will have to pay double. It’s my first time in SF and in my impression there was a stark contrast that no less than a single block can separate the luxurious rich from the humbled poor. Such places exist all over the world. I followed an advise not to go to places that I was not sure of and tried not to turn right. There were other budget hotels within scary blocks, of which I was glad I did not book into. But as curiosity is the mother of all discovery…and cause of most deaths for cats, I ventured right once and much experienced the adrenaline rush I was asking for. I did not get mugged or sumthing, just stared at like I was dinner and goes well with ketchup. Overall, I got what I was expecting. A hotel that fit into my budget needs. This is not a hotel that families stay at all day and enjoy the perks – there are no perks. It is a place where one can watch CNN, sleep, wake up, bathe comfortably and go about their business outside the hotel. If you are paranoid on anything that moves at the streets at night, go somewhere else. It is competitively priced against all other budget hotels within the area, and since I only stayed at 1 other hotel in SF, I cannot really compare it further. But if I do compare it with what Marriot charged and what I got from it, I can say Mark Twain is great deal. Hotels sell location, lodging and services. When you have equally competing lodges and accommodations, it will be down to location and service. Cant do much with location, its a fixed asset. It is then detrimental that hotel staff should understand the importance of service. In this experience, one single event dented an otherwise completely grunt-free stay. Customer Service is very fragile and for that matter, I do not agree in shutting out customers because of their obnoxious behavior; (as was expressed in the Fish n Farm story of the noisy drunk), bothersome or not, the customer deserves more apology than justification. It is not in the merchant’s best interest to teach customers lessons – you don’t do that to gods who can speak your ill and do damage ten folds. It’s about tactics and good negotiation skills. Tough job, but that’s what service is about.Finally, I would recommend the hotel for what was worth what I paid for, and for the courtesy of other staff members who apologized in behalf of the rude treatment I got from the night shift guy.	
Nov 20 2008 	Might as well just book a room at the Hilton	Let me first start off by saying, yes, this hotel is in one of the seedier parts of town. However, anywhere in Downtown SF is going to be somewhat seedy. I booked a room here because they had mentioned that it was recently renovated..... Didn't see much of that. The rooms looked like it just had been re-painted. There were cracks in the molding, an old radiator heater that I've only seen on old TV shows, tiny bathroom, extremely tiny elevator that I wouldn't even take if I was going downstairs. However, the stairs weren't even that much better. Granted, I have somewhat big feet(size 13), but I felt like I could, slip off at any moment (and I wasn't even drinking!) Air circulation was horrible. The windows opened a massive 3 inches to a wonderful view of a brick wall and dark alley. When we checked in, I asked about the wireless internet access. He charged us the 9.95, but forgot to give me the password. Apparently his attention span is only 1 minute. Luckily we were only there for one night. We do not plan to EVER go to this hotel again, and suggest that no one ever stays here unless you've completely run out of options. If I have to give advice, suck up the extra money and stay at the Hilton. The Hilton is EXPONENTIALLY better in every aspect.Once again, DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!! It's cheaper for a reason. F@#% THE HOTEL MARK TWAIN	
Nov 20 2008 	Hated it!!! Do not I repeat do not stay here!	Hotel Mark Twain was HORRIBLE!!! The location was bad but that was not even the worst part. The staff was completely useless and very unhelpful. Small everything: elevators, rooms, stairs, everything! I did not feel comfortable there and it seemed like the staff was only trying to bill as much as they could squeeze from their guests. No amenities or services. Not a very nice room or linens. I simply hated my stay there and I will never stay there again. I do not recommed the hotel; there are plenty of better places to stay in the city. The staff is terrible and the hotel should be embarrassed to keep such employees.	
Nov 17 2008 	Mark Twain Recommended!!	We had just drove in from Fresno CA which is about a 3.5 hr drive to San Francisco. We were very tired and as we checked in the Mark Twain we were greeted with a very warm and professional approach. The staff were expedient in having us checked into our rooms and being that we were so exhausted, the less time we stood in front of the front desk personnel was a major plus in our sleep time!(if you know what I mean) and more relax time! Ive noticed the service was above par and Mark Twain's manager I call him &quot;Mr. Jake&quot; has treated me and my family with service that I havent seen for a long time. The rates are reasonable and the service-excellent!! ThankYou Mark Twain's manager and staff for making our stay such a pleasant one! You have made a customer for life.Fresno68	
Oct 21 2008 	A Resonable Hotel at a Resonable Rate	.They say that the fish restaurant on the ground floor is good but I was unable to get a booking and this, no doubt, evidence of it's popularity. The hotel is clean and the staff were helpful. The room I had was small but reasonably comfortable.I booked the hotel on price, and I encourage visitors to book through the discount shops, I tend to use either 'expedia' or 'hotwire' but there are plenty of others, and got what I expected. Perhaps a little bit more. I have no complaints in terms of th hotel, the location is perhaps not the best, but SF is not a large city and one can either walk, which is fun under the Californian sun, or take transport to wherever you wish to go in the city. It is sufficiently central to be in reach of most places within the heart of the cityExpect not too much and you will be pleasantly surprised.	
Oct 20 2008	Nice Hotel	Stayed here on the first night of an Explore trip in the US. Very pleasant hotel. Clean, Comfortable and spacious rooms. Only issue is traffic noise from the street, Very difficult to get a proper night sleep in front facing rooms	
Oct 15 2008 	Not good and charges not clear	The area is awful - when we arrived a very dishevelled person was throwing up in the next doorway. They charge $25+ per day for parking. There is no breakfast - despite what it said on Hotels.com. We are trying to work out charges which were made on our credit card which were not made clear by the hotel. I would rather stay in a Travellodge or similar than this place. It is also extremely noisy with sirens, music and people shouting outside. They do not provide cots for infants. The staff are unfriendly. Avoid it!	
Sep 9 2008 	Nice Boutique Hotel - Great Value!	I've been to SF many times and usually stayed at one of the 'big name' chain hotels. This time I was more interested in a smaller boutique hotel at a better price. I was not disappointed with my choice.The hotel has a great location, close to Union Sq, the theatre district and Market St. Yes, you'll find homeless people asking for change on your way there, the same ones you'll pass as you come out of the Hilton directly across the street. This is SF; if you want to stay downtown, deal with it.The hotel itself is charming, from the lobby to the small bar at the back. I was surprised how busy yet welcoming it was as I came in one evening.There is only one elevator, so be prepared to wait, or take the stairs. The Mark Twain is an older hotel and preserves some of the orginal charm. I think trying to put in another elevator would ruin that feeling. Once upstairs, the rooms are nicely appointed, if not very large. I didn't come to spend time in the room or bath, so why complain? Everything was clean and orderly when I arrived, and just the same after daily housekeeping. Additionally, all the towels were brand new as of my stay, and there is an environmentally-friendly option to keep the same towels for a multi-day stay. There's no a/c in most rooms, but the ceiling fan worked great, and this was during the hottest week of the summer.The restaurant attached to the hotel was very popular and crowded every night. One night there was even a private function attended by several high ranking Law Enforcement Officers.The staff was ALWAYS friendly and helpful, even when a busload of Italian tourists arrived and filled the lobby. I never felt like I was bothering the front desk staff, and I tend to ask a lot of questions. Special thanks go out to Kevin, the marketing manager, who was more than helpful even with his busy schedule, and to Sean, Maria and Rudolph at the front desk.	
Jul 7 2008 	Way Below Expectations	Before booking this hotel, I looked through expedia's reviews as well as hotels.com and didn't find any negative reviews, or at least negative enough to keep me from visiting this hotel. It was a really good price, but I wish I had spent more money on a better hotel in a nicer area. Shady was to say the least. Cops frequented the area, mainly because of the homeless population and the type of individuals in the area. The map says it's in Union Square, and it is...on the very edge. It's closer to Tenderloin which is SF's bad area. Inside the hotel: The lobby is nice, but that's as far as it goes. The room was tiny, walls were paper thin, view looked over a scuzzy alley way, and we heard noises all through the night (car alarms, trash trucks, other loud noises outside). The bathroom was gross and cold. The walls were cracked, the carpet was stained (where it actually covered the floor, in our room-the carpet didn't actually go all the way to the wall and showed dirty concrete beneath). The only positive I have to say about the hotel is that the staff was super friendly and made the stay bearable. The house keeping even folded our clothes and placed them on the bed. Parking is pricey: valet only, $28.50/day *they advertise $25 but forget to mention taxes and fees*. Spend a little more and stay in a better area.	
Jun 20 2008 	Very impressed.	Overall was very impressed with this hotel. We were planning to do a holiday on the West Coast of USA with a lot of travelling around and could only stay 1 night in San Francisco so we were not worried about the quality of our hotel just the location. When we arrived we were so pleasantly surprised, the hotel was so much nicer than we expected. The reception was very attractive and our room was clean and tidy. The location was fantastic and it didnt take us very long to walk to Union Square &amp; Lombard Street. When we arrived in our hire car we were able to find the hotel quite easily too. Unfortunately the view from our room was absolutely terrible, however in a city like San Francisco you dont exactly spend all your time sitting in your room admiring the view, so it didnt really matter to us.The Valet parking was quite expensive too, but then we found all parking in San Francisco to be quite expensive, much like most other large cities in the world. At least with the Valet parking they took your car away at the entrance to the hotel and returned it as soon as you requested it, which was much easier than trapesing around trying to find slightly cheaper parking. I would definately recommend this hotel to friends, it is ideal for a city break.	
Jun 13 2008 	Disappointed	The hotel is located near by Union Square and Market Street, which was fine. Unfortunately our room was very worn down, and the carpets were disgusting! Internet access costs 5 $ for 5 minutes. There is valet parking for approximately 30 $ pr. day. For breakfast go to Cafe Mason at Mason Street a few minutes walk away.	
May 12 2008 	Nice hotel value for money	We have just returned from 5 nights at the Hotel Mark Twain and were pleasantly suprised. The hotel is only 2 blocks from Union Square and at only £50 a night there were no complaints from us. Yeh the bathrooms a little small but it's not a problem unless your overweight. When leaving the hotel and heading to Union Square take the next road up and not down as there are a few strange characters hanging around in some areas especially Eddy Street which is 2 blocks down. There are quite alot of homeless people in San Francisco especially in this area but other than asking for spare change they didn't bother us. Don't let it put you off staying here cause its a lovely llittle hotel in a good location.	
Apr 23 2008 	Stay away. Unless you are looking for some CRACK	This has to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. The rooms barely fit 2 people, the elevator is decrepit, the location is horrible. Between the drug dealers, prostitutes and bums on the street I would seriously recommend anyone with a family or wife to look some where else. This nehborhood is not family friendly AT ALL.	
Mar 28 2008 	Geat Value Location	This hotel was a pleasant surprise for the CHEAP price. Staff was more than helpful, room was spacious and clean, and location was great for downtown.	
Mar 24 2008 	Love the new look	I really do love the new look they have. Very comfortable looking rooms and a very classic homey feel. They completely redesigned it since the last time I was there and it was a very pleasant surprise. The customer service is also second to none. I've had to rebook, reschedule, and completely drop my stays before and was always greeted with a smile.I only rated it above average because of a very large issue I had with the internet. I'm a sys admin so I needed the internet and every time (3 to be exact) I've have connectivity issues where it will route me other places, give me POOR connections, or just not connect at all. I've tried the Ethernet jack and the wireless and have had no luck with a good connection. Great place, but it's not the best place if you're a hard core internet geek, or you need the net for your job.	
Mar 3 2008 	If You Like the W Hotels But Your Budget Doesn't You'll Like the Mark Twain	A friend recommended the Mark Twain to me as a great value alternative to the larger hotels. Boy, am I glad I took her advice! The room was small, but clean and recently updated, with some amenities typically found only in more expensive hotels, such as a flat screen TV, ceiling fan, nice wooden hangers not lashed to the closet rail, an in-room safe, and nicer bedding that included a duvet and pretty woolen throws. Happily, the non-smoking room had no trace of smoke smell, unlike other places I have stayed. It was easy walking distance from BART, Union Square, the theater district, cable car lines and lots of good restaurants. The hotel bar was intimate and friendly, serving high quality organic cocktails (yes, organic!). I did not try the neighboring Farm &amp; Field Restaurant, but the menu looked promising (if pricey).A few detracting factors:-Fairly close proximity to the Tenderloin, and the panhandlers and occasional street-level whiffs of urine that go with it. While walking to a nearby restaurant on Geary, I suffered through several, um, &quot;compliments&quot; from male passers-by. The neighboring Hilton also presumably has this problem, though. Panhandling and lowlifes are really a problem in many parts of the city. SF could learn something from Rudy Giuliani...-Despite the Mark Twain's best efforts at updating, it's still an old building with: single pane windows that let in a lot of street noise, old fashioned steam radiators that worked overtime, even when off, necessitating opening the windows, shower water pressure and temperature that varied, and a tiny, tiny elevator (NYC prewar apartment dwellers will feel right at home)-Wi-fi that cost $10/day (guess I'm spoiled by the free Wi-Fi at other hotels)	
Mar 1 2008 	Good old fashioned style hotel in fog-city downtown	This hotel is located in the downtown financial and commercial center of San Francisco, maybe far from the docks and the golden gate, but at a glance to business district, you can walk and appreciate the fog city's skyscrapers and the Italian district is at walking distance. There is also a cable car line station very close, you can see the cable car turning and get in to a pleasant ride passing through Lombard street, to the docks nightlife and touristic area.The hotel hasn't got really any attractive feature... the restaurant is new and quite fashioned, and it has a cheap and really close parking area. The rooms and the passageways are not so fancy... it's clear that this is an old building, somehow reformed and refurbished, we actually didn't find anything that bothered us... it was pretty clean and the personnel was keen on helping for whatever we asked.It is a good solution if you're looking for a cheap solution in a central area (other luxury hotels are located nearby), and a good deal for the money you spend since you're really close to lots of areas of interest. Even if the commercial district is not the main nightlife zone in fog city, we were able to find good bars with live jazz music and lots of restaurants.	
Feb 15 2008 	Hotel Mark Twain - Great Hotel Good Location	I stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain from July 2007 to January 2008. The staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms themselves are nice- comfy bed, good cable. The hotel is located within an easy walk of Union Square. The Fish &amp; Farm restaurant is located in the hotel lobby (though not affiliated with the hotel). Have dinner at the bar one night. Fantastic food and service. Honestly, I can't recommend it highly enough. I had a great stay at the Mark Twain and will stay there whenever I return to the city for work or vacation.	
Dec 11 2007	Hotel is lovely but stay away from the restaurant!	A group of us stayed at the Hotel Mark Twain this weekend for the Vikings/49ers game. The hotel is lovely. It has a quaint, European feel. If you're looking for a Four Seasons, you've got the wrong place, but if you're looking for a nice accomodating staff and comfortable beds, this is the place for you.The restaurant, however, is a totally different story. The hotel does not own Fish &amp; Farm so please do not hold the following story against them. One of my friends was in the bar and was very loud, this I freely admit, but the owner came up to the bartender (who was a very kind guy) and said that the entire group was cut off. I had an issue with the fact that the owner couldn't just come in and tell us directly. I agree, my friend was loud. I understand the problem. I had no issue with being cut off (although truthfully, only two people deserved such a thing), I just wanted him to come to me or any member of my group and tell us this directly. When I calmly asked him about this he would not speak to me, he just kept saying &quot;You're done.&quot; I said &quot;I respect that you don't want us in your bar, but could you at least listen to me&quot; and he kept cutting me off and saying no. There were no physical altercations, nobody had done anything to warrant being completely dismissed. It was disrespectful and unprofessional and I will never let anybody I know go to that restaurant ever. I'm working on a movie that films there, I have many friends in the entertainment industry who work in San Francisco quite often and I have a friend who is a radio DJ there. None of them will ever frequent this establishment and they are doing me the favor of spreading the word. But don't blame the Mark Twain Hotel as the staff there is wonderful!	
Dec 4 2007 	Not a nice place	I was there for the Nike Marathon in October with 2 other groups of people. The carpets were worn in the older section of the hotel and the whole place needed a paint job. the ONE elevator held about 2 people and their luggage, very small. No Air Conditioning, but they don't seem to mention that anywhere on their website. Dude, the A/C is not just to keep a room cool...it's to circulate the air in the rooms as well!!! If you step outside, you WILL DEFINITELY BE HARRASSED BY STREET PEOPLE! There was one man drinking a beer out of a paper bag and eating something while he leaned against the front of the hotel about 10 feet from the front doorman. I don't have a problem with homeless, but streetpeople are different....they are there hustling in the streets because they want to, not because they have to. In the one-block surrounding the hotel, I saw one prostitute, one schizophrenic (&quot;the cameras are watching ALL of us....who owns the cameras? They know...they know..&quot;), one hustler selling old newspapers, and about 15-20 'beggars.' The only saving grace was the owner/manager of the new restaurant in the hotel who was dilligent in shoo-ing all these street people away. There was human waste on the sidewalks, fights every night and sirens ALL NIGHT LONG. Bring ear plugs. There is no A/C so you can't drown out the noise. It was a really run down crap hole. Stay at your own risk!	
Nov 30 2007 	A very comfortable stay.	I'm surprised to see all the negative reviews for this hotel! My husband and I stayed here for two nights at the beginning of October, and had a very pleasant experience. The staff was polite, the valet service was prompt, and our room was clean. I found the bed to be one of the more comfortable that I've slept on. I was especially pleased with the comforter, which was just the right weight and wasn't made out of that awful slippery fabric that plagues most hotels in this price range. Yes, the elevator was small, but it's not like that can really be fixed! And yes, there were some colorful people out on the streets, but I would much rather spend my vacation around locals than crowds of tourists. My husband and I walked all over the city during our trip and I never felt in any danger. We had a nice rooftop view of the surrounding buildings, and the wooden shutters were a good touch. I would definitely stay here again, and would recommed this hotel to anyone who's looking for a place with character. Oh, and one more thing we liked: the Mark Twain quotes etched in the windows on every floor in the stairwell!	
Nov 7 2007	clean it up	Although the service and staff was great and the front of the house was nice. The back of the house was horrible. The room needed painting, it needed new carpet, it was plain gross, the bed linens looked liked theywere never washed. We ran out of hot water two mornings in a row.Clean it up!	
Oct 31 2007 	Stay away	I've just spent 4 nights at the Hotel Mark Twain, totally without sleep, so this may be somewhat disjointed.1. This hotel is located in a heavy drug neighborhood. There is a &quot;center&quot; (meth clinic, I suspect) downstairs. There are panhandlers who accoust you every few steps and those who are stoned lying around the sidewalks. Vomit and even feces are on the sidewalk and doorsteps. We were afraid to leave the hotel after dark.2. All night, every night, there are screams, literally blood curdling screams, coming from the street and from the alley my room faced. Women screaming, men yelling [--] all night, other yelling that I couldn't make the words out (thankfully). The police sirens, most of which stopped right outside, kept me awake as well.3. This hotel is heated with steam. Each room has a radiator. The hotel turns the heat on only between 5am and 6 pm. So when I came back to the hotel early (to try to sleep) it was freezing. But when they turn the heat on, the clanking of the radiator and the continual gushing of the steam, provided more reason for no sleep. I asked everyday for someone to fix it - no one did.4. I asked for a 7 am wake up call; it came at 5 am.5. There is one tiny elevator - already discussed. It is filthy. There was a lump under the carpet, I kept wondering if it were a dead rat.I used to love San Francisco but now I don't know if I will ever return.That's all I have right now; I have to get some sleep.	
Oct 24 2007 	Just Okay - Rooms Are Tiny	We picked this hotel because of its price and close proximity to Union Square. After reading the other reviews on this site, I got very concerned about staying there, but it really wasn't that bad. There were four of us in the city for the Nike Women's Half Marathon, so we just got one room for the night. The price was $205 a night, which was all that we really wanted to pay for just a bed to sleep in for 8 hours. We opened the door and our first thought was how small the room was. There were two small beds and a bathroom only big enough for one at a time. Bedding desperately needs to be replaced and the place just looks worn and in need of renovation. On top of that, our windows looked out onto nothing.It was a busy weekend, but the front desk was unprepared. It took forever to get someone first to park our car, and then to get it out when we left. Even to ask a question or check in, there was a long line.If you're looking for someplace to crash near Union Square, this place is fine. However, if you plan to spend time in your room, I would really look elsewhere.	
Oct 6 2007 	It was OK	We recently stayed at the Mark Twain Hotel on Taylor St. in San Francisco. Many of the reviews written here on this website are accurate. It IS an older place. It has a local charm, but not a lot of amenities. The elevator is only big enough for 2-3 people without luggage! The desk personnel are excellent, however. They gave us tips on catching local transportation and advised us on great eateries. (The Taylor St. Cafe next door is wonderful for a filling breakfast. If there's a line; it's worth the wait.) September in SF is a great time for a visit. The weather was spectacular; however, the room was hot; there's no A/C, and the windows only open a few inches. The TV in the room only had 4-5 channels, so if you're looking for anything special, you won't find it here. The radiator had no &quot;on/off&quot; controls. The bar and restaurant downstairs near the lobby were undergoing renovations, so they were not open for business at all. The hotel itself is within walking distance of several bus-lines, but nothing passes directly in front of the hotel door. Taxis are easy to find because the Mark Twain is directly across the street from the larger and more famous Hilton. About 2 blocks away is the somewhat unsavory Tenderloin District, so people should avoid that area as much as possible, especially at night. There are lots and lots of &quot;street&quot; people in San Francisco; we were surprised by that aspect. One of our primary reasons for visiting SF this time of year was for MLB. To get to AT&amp;T Park from the hotel is a matter of walking to Powell&amp;Market in order to catch the 'trains' to the embarcadero area, not so bad in the daytime, but after the game, stay on well-lit streets. Would I recommend the MT Hotel? Maybe, depending on your attitude and needs...	
Sep 27 2007	Warning: Don't stay here!	This is a dump. Spend the extra money to stay at the HIlton. It is really not worth spending your money on this place. I didn't get any sleep since the rooms were so muggy and I couldn't open my window since it was on a fire escape. I almost ate one nights stay to stay at another hotel it was so bad. Definitely not worth a dime. I would say this is a 1-2 star hotel. A Quality Suites or Motel 6 is better!	
Aug 28 2007 	OK for price in SF.	Booked this one via internet and on price v stars.Its locality is good for trams and shopping.The little cafe next door is first rate and serves top breakfasts.Hotel location is just into poorer areas of SF but experienced no real problems.Hotel rooms were only fair.Beds seemed hard and fittings in bedroom were old and worn.Glowing light switch illuminated room when all lights off and really annoyed me when trying to sleep.My room had a fair amount of cracked and peeling paint.Noise seems to travel in this hotel and doors are not engineered to block out hall lights.Bathroom was fairly small but clean with decent towels.Shower a little difficult to operate but worked well. staff were helpful and friendly with advice .Parking is addtional and $26 per night which is an obvious hidden cost..,	
Aug 17 2007 	Disappointing	We were a total of 4 families looking for a hotel in the city close to some of the main sightseeing areas of San Francisco or within close distance to public transportation. We thought we had found it with Mark Twain. However, the hotel itself is in need of upgrading. We knew we were staying in an older hotel, but it was ridiculous. The one and only elevator is small and slow. To just get one family up to their room with their luggage took some effort. It was just me, my husband and my two young kids with our bags and we were crampt in the elevator. The other 3 families had to take more trips because they had teenagers that took more space. Needless to say, just settling in the hotel was a long process. When we opened the door to our room, we were absolutely surprised. Our room was crampt with furniture and the beds. Hardly any room to move around. I question wether the room should have been allowed to hold 2 double beds. The closet was also very small and practically imposible to hold our belongings comfortably. The furniture and the beds were in good condition and comfortable, but the rooms themselves, the hallways, and definitely the elevator has much room for improvement. We were supposed to have stayed here 3 nights, we checked out on our second night and should have done it sooner. Public transportation was not so close to the hotel, specially when walking around with kids and definitely not a place you want to walk around during the night to get to the hotel.-	
Jul 15 2007 	The Surprise Next Door	Not at all what my family and I expected...but there was a surprising eatery next door that made the trip worthwhile. We wanted to look for an affordable place for the weekend and so we stummbled upon Hotel Mark Twain but little did we know that this place was going to be a challenging journey. We asked for a room at the high end level thinking we were going to get a nice view of the city, but we ended up getting a wonderful view of a concrete wall. The ONE elevator that they did have couldn't even accomadate my entire family so we ended up climbing up and down six flights of stairs several times during our stay. The paint job in our room obviously looked like the work of an amateur. They had this border around the wall's features that would glow in the dark, that not only looked tacky from an aesthetic point of view but also disrupted my family's sleep. On the plus side we found a wonderful little cafe with the most delicious breakfast. The portions were enormous, the coffee was piping hot and the service was spectacular. Overall I would not touch Hotel Mark Twain with a 10 foot pole!	
May 25 2007 	Old World Charm and Personal Staff	The Hotel Mark Twain is a small hotel near Union Square in San Fran. I got an incredibly good rate there after contacting the hotel directly. To be honest, I was a little concerned because the rate was so good but I had never been to or seen the hotel except online. When I arrived, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel had recently been renovated, and i got a decent sized room with good lighting. The room had a coffee maker etc and, even better, a small refrigerator. The hotel is not fancy in the sense of a Ritz Carlton, but it is small and peresonal and has old world charm to it. It has a lot of character. The staff was amazingly friendly. I spent almost two weeks there, and they knew my name and my room and constantly asked about my trip and so on. They were unbelievably personal about directing me to restaurants and events of my liking in the city. I would happily stay at this hotel again in the future.	
May 10 2007 	Wonderful Mark Twain	The Mark Twain is centrally located to Union Square, Theatres, downtown shopping and the local Muni system that can take you to all the sites in SF, This hotel has recently been renovated and has comfortable rooms and friendly, helpful staff. the price is right. Can't wait to go back for another get away in our favorite city SF.	
Apr 30 2007	Great customer service	The front desk clerk was nice and the hotel seemed to be in the middle of everything.	
Apr 23 2007 	Perfect place to stay!	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a week, and it was the perfect place to stay for our first trip to San Francisco. The room was great as it had a historic feel to it, but also had a flat screen TV and an IPOD player. Our room was cleaned every day regardless of the time we left the room (a couple days pretty late!). The staff was wonderful, they had great information, and were very helpful in helping us book many tourist attractions, including the wine tours. We also received many tips on places to eat, shop and drink. (Ask for Kevin who gave us most of our information!). This was great cause nether of us had been to the area before. The location seemed to be in the center of everything we wanted to do, so we walked just about everywhere we wanted to go. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting San Fran, and when we travel out there again, it is where we are staying.	
Feb 4 2007	The Mark Twain Is Truly A Taste Of Classic San Francisco!	How to describe the Mark Twain Hotel?? Well, I consider the Mark Twain a TRUE San Francisco Classic! We were greeted with a friendly smile and the best customer service we had seen in a long long time! We felt so welcome right from the start! The woman at the front desk was fantastic and I have to also mention that we were lucky enough to meet the Sales Manager, Kevin too! He is truly an asset to the hotel! His love for his city really shows and he exhibits by far, the BEST customer service I have experienced! I have trained many people in customer service and Kevin would be rated the absolute top in the business!The hotel itself has a quaint, lovely atmosphere! It simply showed me that the olde San Francisco class still exists! Our room was wonderful! The room faced Taylor street and yes, we did hear some traffic outside, but that is part of life in the heart of the City! San Francisco pulses with life! After all, the PEOPLE ARE San Francisco! They are its never ending charm! Even the homeless are curtious and if you don't want to give to them, they simply smile and say &quot;thank you anyway!&quot; We found that from the cab drivers, to the homeless, ALL take pride in their city! So refreshing! If you want complete quiet and solitude, I suggest you take a holiday in the mountains rather than in a great city like San Francisco. Our room was decorated with olde San Francisco Charm and was quite comfortable! Large room and we loved the walk in closet! Big Bathroom as well! Such a deal for the price! The old radiator hissed out tales of the olde City and put out more than enough heat! The Mark Twain is truly an asset to San Francisco, if you want Class, Charm and great Service, than this is the hotel for you! We WILL stay again and again at the Mark Twain! We truly now have left our hearts in San Francisco! At the Hotel Mark Twain, of course!	
Jan 28 2007	Not a good location	We picked this hotel on the basis of price, so it was our own fault. The bed linen and bath towels were clean. The rooms were dull in decoration, no air conditioning or fans in the rooms. The only ventilation was lifting the window a couple of inches from the bottom, therefore the bathroom ran in condensation. The heating only worked late evening until early morning and the radiator jumped off the floor about an inch. The staff were helpful and polite. The internet facility in the reception area had limited availability. The price we paid was far more than we would have been charged if we booked directly.Once it gets dark, we would not be out, too many homeless people in the doorways and begging for money and food. If we went back to San Francisco, we would stay in the Fishermans Wharf area. The Muni system of bus/tram is excellent at $1.50 per person any distance and transfers are valid too.	
Jan 21 2007 	Better stay at Hilton across the road	The service was good. However, the towels were not there, when we checked in ( around 3pm). I have called the reception and have been told that the towels were in the laundry and would be brought to the room in a few hours. When we came back at about 8pm, there were still no towels. After a 2nd phone call, the towels were brought. To crown it all, great location! However, I would recommend to stay at Hilton nearby.	
Nov 4 2006 	Fair value great location.	Hi,Hi stayed there for the Oracle Open World 2006 convention from October 21 to 28.There were no major problem with this place. The room was clean for the exception of the vent in the bathroom that could have use a deep cleaning. There were also some small stains on the carpet but overall it was fine.The room have a lot of space if you compare to other hotel in the area that have very small room (King George!). But I must mention that they have no A/C in the room so it could get very warm if the weather is hot. You can always open the windows, but if you do be aware that you open it for the bugs too !The fridge in the room was really appreciated. I also enjoyed the big walk-in closet where you have a safe that you could use for free.I asked for a quiet room not facing Taylor street and they put me in the back on the second floor (room #214) and it was perfect. Another guy that works with me had a room facing Taylor on the 4th floor and he did experience some trouble with the noise at night but I was never bother by the noise.And finally, the staff was great. Gary, Christina and Jasmine at the front desk were very helpfull and were always ready to help you for whatever you needed. They provided me with directions, ideas, suggestion for visits, etc...Gary was always trying to make your stay the best experience you could have, even when he was pretty busy you would never see his smile disappear.I would go back there not because of the room because I am sure I could find a lot of room equivalent or better in the area, but because of the great staff.	
Oct 1 2006	Oh dear. Dear oh dear.	Had a suite here for a night in September 06. Insufficient towels, smelly bathroom, indifferent service (no answer to housekeeping or reception for about 10 minutes when trying to solve the towels problem). Recommend avoiding if possible.	
Sep 22 2006 	Not impressed...very old	I checked in and was very disappointed. The lobby was charming, but I could barely fit my medium-sized suitcase thru the elevator door. The first room I checked into was not attractive, had pipes running on the outsides of the walls and a nasty vent in the bathroom that looked 100 years old. The shower was dingy and small and there was no bathtub. I asked for a nicer room and was less than pleased with the second option. There was no air conditioning and the street noise was too loud to leave the window open. I checked out immediately without even knowing if I would receive a refund and went to the beautiful Hilton across the street. Fortunately they had rooms available and I enjoyed a pleasant slumber in a clean, modernized room.	
May 5 2006	get a room Not Facing Taylor Street!	The hotel Mark Twain is a boutique hotel situated behind the Hilton Hotel. However, in SF, a block away does make a difference. The room was clean, there is a restaurant on the bottom floor of the hotel, and there is a fitness center off of the lobby. That's the plus side of the Mark Twain.The negative comment? WHATEVER YOU DO, GET A ROOM THAT FACES AWAY FROM TAYLOR STREET! People are yelling outside the hotel until one thirty in the morning. The Hilton deliveries are carried out in front of the Mark Twain, so you hear the garbage truck (and other trucks) roar up at all hours. Also, Greyhound buses are picking up and dropping off passengers on Taylor Street beginning at 5 am. One evening, there seemed to be a drag race taking place out on Taylor Street at about 4 a.m. I am used to some noise. I live near a freeway in Honolulu, so I am no stranger to the sound of traffic. However, I left the Mark Twain exhausted due to lack of sleep. Also, always turn left as you leave the lobby on to the street. After you hit Taylor Street, take your first right onto O'Farrell Street. Otherwise, you will find yourself in a fairly spooky part of town. There are other boutique hotels nearby that are quieter, feel safer and don't cost much more. This is a second choice, rather than a first.	
Apr 29 2006	Would not stay here or recommend...	Upon returning to San Francisco for our last 2 nights stay we decided to try our luck with the HMT. Firstly i must big up the fantastic breakfast cafe called Taylors next door to this hotel, this was voted one of San Francisco's best breakfast places and the food is next to none! But you have to pay in cash. Anyway, if i'm honest the front desk were polite, knew their info but i would not stay at this hotel again. The price is ok and for the location too is handy but i disliked our room intensely. And we didn't spend hardly any time in our room. The lift is v tiny and extremely slow. Everything from the carpets were v dated too and the decor and even though we got a free viewing of our room before committing i was disappointed. The size of our room was average, dull colours and strange shutters instead of curtains which let in drafts. The bedlinen was old and flimsey, the bathroom ridiculously tiny, and you could see by the paint cracks, mould appearing that alot of remodernising is needed. Also i am a stickler for basic cleanliness and hygiene and noticed, dust dirt in the bathroom under the mirror along the wall. Worse when i picked up a new face towel and found 2 different coloured hairs on it disgusting! The room smelt too probably due to the age of the carpets and hotel, i requested a quiet room and what i got was at 4am every day the full volume of the dustbin truck complete with siren noises disturb my sleep, also the walls are paper thin and i heard the tv, someone on their mobile's conversation as well as them showering or turning on their fawcets. A real disappointment and unfortunately will never recommend or stay here again.	
Mar 31 2006	Quit Your Complaining!	I will start by saying that I was a bit concerned booking a stay at this hotel based on prior reviews, although most of them were from October or so 2005. I was meeting a friend from Seattle who had meeting at the Spanish Consulate on Sutter Street, so I needed a hotel in the area that was within walking distance from everything and that is exactly what I got at Hotel Mark Twain. The reason I was concerned is that in addition to myself, my two sons, ages 10 and 3, along with my wife were accompanying me.The location was right on and although it is near the part of town where my buddies and I used to go when we were in high school and college to get in trouble, I felt comfortable and safe the entire stay. I found street parking about three blocks away although it would have been much easier to just use the valet at $30. When walking around I saw other places from $15 to $25. Having lived in downtown Seattle for seven years, the urban streets did not intimidate us. As long as you just walk, mind your own business, and be polite if asked anything, you will have absolutely no problems. There is also a Walgreens one block up, which is convenient as I had a cold and forgot my medicine. There are many restaurants in the area that will certainly please you and the restaurant next to the hotel (I think it it named Taylor Street Cafe) was one of the best breakfast places I have eaten in a while. Beware, it only takes cash though. The Warfield Theatre is only three blocks away only with Union Square.The front desk staff were very nice and I was checked in promptly. The room was good enough for the two day stay. I am not sure why some people are so concerned about the room size and stuff like that. Even though I was there with my kids, I still spent very little time in the room. The bathroom was clean and nice and everything worked like it was supposed to.The elevator was, as reviewed, a little small, but my friend I was meeting, who is European, said that the elevator was actually twice as big as the ones over there. I made a mental note that when I finally do make to to Europe, I will double check the elevator specifications. The only real disappointment was the bar downstairs. I was expecting alittle more night life there, but after dinner when we returned to the hotel, we went to get some drinks and socialize. They had no one there and when someone did arrive, they only had beer and wine. I am a margarita man, so we just went up one block and had a good time. It will not affect my future stay, but if you are thinking of bringing the party back to the hotel, you may be disappointed as well. Check out went just as smooth as check in and within minutes, we were on road back to Sacramento. I will be coming to S.F. about every other month for a weekend and will certainly use this hotel.	
Mar 28 2006	9 Days at the Mark Twain SFO	My wife and I spent 9 nights at the Mark Twain and found it to be good value for the money.It's an older hotel, and shows its age in places, but it was clean, comfortable, and certainly a very convenient base for looking around SFO. Public transport is close by, and it's a very short walk to Union Square. The staff were excellent to deal with and were always willing to provide advice and assistance.In other reviews I read of security/safety issues. We never felt threatened at any time of the day or night. There are &quot;poor folk&quot; in the neighbourhood, but any refusal to contribute was accepted with grace.We would certainly stay again.	
Nov 4 2005	Solid Value - European Feel	Great value for SF! No, this is not the Hilton. It is the classic old hotel that has been reworked over the years. Rooms/bath are small by midwest american standards but would be right on the mark if you were traveling thru europe. Linen service was great. Rooms were clean. Paint was showing some wear in bath room but crews were busy reworking rooms on our floor. Front desk staff was more than happy to help when asked but were quiet and reserved otherwise. Two blocks from great shopping. Nice little breakfast/lunch place next door. If you want to LIVE in this room you should probably look else where. If you want a room to SLEEP in after a long day of site seeing and shopping, this is the place. And at 1/3 the Hilton price I would return.	
Oct 2 2005 	Ok but you can probably do better.	The hotel is faily clean with a good location. That's about all that can be said for it. The desk staff ranges from friendly and inept to rude an inept. The standard room (which Hotels books) is hardly big enough for the bed to go into. Upon viewing this room, I asked about an upgrade. They told me that since I'd booked through Hotels, there could be no upgrade. When I was ready to leave, they said they could upgrade me to a &quot;Jr. Suite&quot; for an additional $75 a night. Add this to the $100 a night I'd already paid, and I'm only $25 away from staying at a really nice hotel, like the Hilton across the street. So, this place is really no bargain.Best part: LocationWorst parts: Front desk staff who really doesn't know ANYTHING. I asked for a spoon one night to eat some hard-packed ice cream, and the front desk clerk REFUSED to give me a spoon. I've never seen a hotel that would refuse a guest such a simple, basic, reasonable request. The elevator is tiny and very slow. If you try to take the stairs, be careful. The stairs are not even big enough to put your whole foot on--a real safety hazard.	
Oct 1 2005	Don't Stay Here!!	I count booking a room at this hotel among the dumber things I have done in my life, so I attempt to salvage something useful from my experience in the hope that others will learn from my mistake. My story: I arrived in SF on a Friday after spending the latter part of the work week at a conference in Sacramento. I was very tired and looking forward to a good night's rest followed by a pleasant but short stay in SF.The first thing that went wrong had to do with the reservation. I had booked this room over an Internet website specializing in hotels. When I made my reservation I requested a smoking room. Well, lo and behold, when I arrived they had no record of my request and made little effort to mitigate the situation beyond reciting the &quot;no guarantees&quot; policy as if from rote memorization. I did not make a big deal about it but, mindful of my fatigue and the hotel's noisy location, did ask for a quiet room in the hotel's interior, on an upper floor.The next sign that something was rotten was waiting what seemed like an eternity for the tiny little elevator to arrive. I had to stuff myself in there along with three German tourists. Exiting the elevator on the eighth floor, it was immediately apparent that the owners had invested most of their money in fixing up the lobby. All of the interior was painted a drab, ugly yellow and smelled musty and dusty, with cheap decor reminiscent of a boarding house. Even beyond all this, the room still managed to disappoint. Room was very, very small with paper-thin walls. The people next door (who were smoking up a storm in their room) were watching a movie on the TV at what seemed like full volume, with tire-squealing car chases interspersed with what sounded like orgasmic moans coming through the wall and blaring out into the hotel's interior. There was no air conditioning and hardly any breeze (surprising, considering that it was very windy that day). Windows of the room directly faced windows of a room across the interior. The queen bed was way too short and covered with a cheap, thin spread. There were marks on the walls and stains on the carpet. In the dark and tiny bathroom I could hear my neighbor turning the faucet on and off, and from a vent above the shower I could hear clanging coming up the pipes from the hotel restaurant kitchen.I knew I would hate every minute of staying at the Hotel Mark Twain. Between the noisy neighbors and the stagnant, smelly room I did not believe I would be able to sleep there, either. I went across the street to the Hilton and booked a room for that night (beautiful and clean, with a spectacular East Bay view).I attempted to get a refund for at least one night, to no avail. My feeling is that &quot;bait and switch&quot; for them is a common and accepted business practice, with no remorse for the guests they disappoint and displease from fraudulent advertising and insufficient accommodations. All staff seemed to be able to do was recite booking policies and tell me that I should have called the hotel directly. I suppose that, from their perspective, you are treated with the contempt you deserve for booking online and thus avoiding paying the full price.I have stayed at boutique hotels before, and I can accept the lack of modern conveniences as part of the experience, as long as standards of quality service and accommodation are maintained. In my experience, the HMT presented all of the inconveniences of a boutique hotel, and none of its advantages. The Hotel Mark Twain is like a tacky, cheap impersonization of it betters (and there are many for nearly the same price, so avoid this one and stay somewhere else).	
Sep 8 2005	A Perdect Fit	I take note that the negative reviews of this property are from a majority US clientel. As an overseas visitor the Mark Twain met our needs to a tee. If it's the Hilton your looking for walk accross the road. The hotel is not new but has been redecorated to include that old world feel with a mixture of modern tones. Very palatable. Yes the lift is small but then we took the stairs. The room was adequate. Clean, roomy and had all that was required for a four night stay. Well located close to Powell St station and Union Square. For any Aussies travelling to SF, who are not wanting to pay a fortune and are prepared to accept a step back in time without too much of a penalty the Mark Twain is a good choice. We will be return customers.	
Aug 14 2005	Terrible - Could not wait for the time to check out!!	It was musty, no air conditioner, no wash cloths. Could not wait to check out. Would not recomment it to anyone. The bathroom was tiny only had room for 1 person at a time to be in it. The shower reminded me of one that was in a campsite. Not clean- black mildew around the bottom.	
Aug 13 2005	A good base	This hotel is in a convenient location and made a very good base for seeing San Francisco. Staff were friendly and helpful. Room was nothing special, but was clean and of a good size. The location was fine, but make sure you get there by the most direct route form Union Square (powell street, and then O'Farrell Street. Don't wander into the surrounding Tenderloin district- the extent of homelessness and poverty there is shocking.Overall, very good value for money	
Jul 31 2005	Run Away	The walls are paper thin and this hotel is far too noisy. This is especially a concern because the hotel borders a rather seedy part of town. The first day we arrived we needed a nap due to a four am flight. We had housekeeping enter our room despite a do not disturb sign to interrupt our much needed sleep. Then we endured the extremely loud conversations of the same staff in the hall as they cleaned. Needless to say we did not get the rest we'd intended. Our night time sleep attempts were interrupted by pimps yelling at prostitutes outside, noisy neighbors, sirens and garbage trucks. I came home from vacation exhausted and determined to steer as many people away from this hotel as possible. Pay more and stay somewhere else, it's not worth the lower price.	
Jun 15 2005	Management and Employees refuse to solve your problems and deal dishonestly	I chose this Hotel to celebrate my 25th anniversary during my visit to San Francisco and it was a terribel experience.I stayed there for 4 days and during my first day after I went out for a few hours I couldn't open the electronic door of my room. It took sometime before an employee really went to check with me that the electronic door was not working and they had to call an engineer to deal with it.Meanwhile they had to place me in another room, but the thing was - they promised I could get my stuff early in the morning (my bags, my clothes, my passport and documents - everything that I had was in that room), and the in the morning they told me that the engineer had never appeared during the night, but they would call him and then in the afternoon I would be able to go to my room and get my stuff again.Fact, when I returned in the late afternoon - nothing, no one had moved a finger to open my room and allow me to get my stuff. They made a new promise that I would be able to do it by the next morning, but I could see they were not being honest in their &quot;talk&quot; about trying to solve my problem.New morning.... nothing absolutely done. They had done nothing to open my room.... Worse, in the third evening, I wasn't still able to go to my room, and you can imagine my worry about my passport and documents, and the fact I had not been able to change clothes for more than 2 days. Worse, I couldn't even check-out of this bad hotel to find another one, since they had my passport and clothes with them.Only in the 3rd morning did I find an employee that realized that my problem was indeed serious and deserved immediate attention. I asked to see the manager and see promised to refund my credit card in 2 days (since I had prepaid my stay), but one month passed and the refund never appeared.I politely called to the Hotel and asked for the manager on the phone, and she just hang up on me! What I think makes it all worse is that I realized that my misfortunes were more than just the result of mere laziness and forgetfulness - they were just the normal act of a dishonest and unprofessional management. The Manager definitelly lacks any care or interest in the clients troubles, and deals rudely and dishonestly with them, promising to solve problems that she never intends to deal with.	
May 25 2005 	Terrible--Never Again	Upon our recent visit to San Francisco for the American Association of Orthodontists Convention we stayed at this hotel. We were very dissatisfied with the hotels service and conditions. The advertising for this hotel is very decieving. The rooms were filthy, there were cobwebs around the ceiling, mold in the corners of the shower, the paint on the walls was falling off. The walls were very dirty. The toilet took 4-5 flushes. One outlet on the wall by the window. To iron you had to stand on the bed. The outlets in the bathroom were on the opposite of the mirror so you had to rest your curling iron or hairdryer on the toilet causing an electrical scare. The carpet was old and worn. There was about an one inch gap under our door. No air conditioning, no hair dryers in the room as it is stated. For being a newly renovated hotel, I think they forgot to do alot. Their elevator has to be the smallest we have ever seen. We were just able to get 2 people with our luggage in it. No more than 4 people could fit in it comfortably (without any luggage). We did ask for the manager, who was not there at that time. She did call us back and leave us a message that had nothing to do with our complaints. We would not recommend this hotel, unless they actually did do some renovations. Also, the walls are paper thin. If your neighbor took a shower the same time you did, be careful of the change in water temperatures. It was not in a very pleasant part of town either. So, if you wanted your window open (no air condiditoning remember), you had to put up with the people yelling outside.	
May 14 2005	Beware of this location		
Apr 20 2005	I love San Fran- but this was a bummer		
Apr 20 2005	Great Location		
Apr 5 2005 	Old musty 		
Nov 18 2004	Comfortable but a little noisy		
Nov 1 2004	From booking to checking out there was nothing but hassles		
Sep 23 2004	We had a good stay.		
May 19 2004	Budget price less than budget accomodations		
Sep 2 2003	Graet Budget Hotel for good price		
Jul 25 2003	Stayed there May/03 and had OK stay.		
Aug 15 2009 	Bon emplacement		
Jul 18 2009 	Gute Lage Hotel in Ordnung Frühstück nebenan excellent!		
Jul 6 2009 	Heruntergekommenes Hotel		
Feb 14 2009 	correct		
Sep 12 2008 	Bien localizado todo correcto recomendable		
Aug 30 2008 	??????????		
Apr 4 2008 	Hotel consigliato		
Jan 5 2008 	Ottima scelta per visitare Frisco		
