Nov 11 2009 	Rather stay in a youth hostel	Area is not the best, overpowering smell of urine in the entire building, walls so thin we heard next doors TV until 5am and a party going on somewhere in the block. Everytime a toilet flushed in the complex so did ours. Room was ok, but would not ever stay there again.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent value for money and very clean	We were very apprehensive about booking this hotel due to some of the reviews not excatly being in favour of it but we decided to book it anyways..The reviews seem very unfair and we were pleasantly surprised by the accomodation when we arrives!The rooms were very clean as were the bathrooms, which im my opinion is the most important thing. Granted it is not the Ritz but for the price they are charging then it is spot on, the one draw back however was the paper thin walls..you can literally hear everything that goes on in the room next to you..In conclusion if you want somewhere to sleep whilst in san fran and don't want to spend a lot then I would definately recommemend this place. Also, there is the most amazing thai restaurant 2 blocks away!	
Oct 13 2009 	We were very pleased and found some reviews extremely unfair.	We had two rooms for two days and found them adequate size, clean, and well equipped with TV, sink, refrigerator and coffee pot. It was no problem at all going to the bathroom/shower down the hall and we rarely had to wait to get in one. If people need luxury accommodation and room service , it is not the place for them, but I would recommend Encore Express to anyone who wants a good convenient place in SF at an excellent price. The reviews who reported bedbugs (!!!!!), dirty conditions, and vagrants loitering outside were exaggerating or practicing creative writing.When we arrived at the sister hotel for check-in we found the two rooms were on different floors and they immediately offered to change those. There was not parking at that hotel either but there was a parking lot for $20/day (with unlimited going in and out) around the corner. We did not move the car from the lot as we were able to walk to Union Square, Fisherman's Wharf, the Ferry Building etc from the hotel.	
Sep 21 2009 	A great place to stay if you know what you're paying for	I think many folk who review this place don't get the concept of Hostels. Most of the reviews complain about the bathrooms, we had no trouble with this. There are 5 on the first floor - 2 pairs of shower/toilet rooms one each side and one single toilet, all clean, if often wet from previous showers. There is also a washer and drier near room 114 for $1.75/$1.50 which was very efficient with our big load of washing!You aren't told at check in but if you ask there is a kitchen on the first floor - room 101 - which is very clean and well kitted out, with a massive flat screen tv too. It seems hardly anyone knew about this as we were in there several nights with no one else there! There is also a bath off the kitchen but no plug or lock on the door sadly!Another thing to remember is with hostels you get room-mates, ours were friendly and quiet but if you're going to book a bunk room then you have to consider this - and bring a padlock for your bag if you're worried.The beds were clean and changed daily, and we got fresh towels, with complimentary soap and toiletries (though your roomies may get to them first!). The rooms were warm and there are three sets of bedding on the beds if you do feel cold, though I only ever needed the sheet.The location is also very good. Ok, you may see a few strange folk on the streets around but we never felt threatened. The east-west cable car is one block up and there are plenty of busses nearby. We were given a map at check-in with all the routes on that was a BIG help during our stay. I'd suggest getting the MUNI passport as it really pays off when travelling around all the sights - those hills wear you out after going up them a few times!In the end you get what you pay for. We were a little concerned about the reviews but booked anyway because of the cost. We have found most of the complaints to be either unfounded or just as a result of someone coming here expecting 3 star accommodation for 1 star prices. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 8 2009 	Horrible Stay	We had a suite, which include two queen size bed. Everything in this hotel is outdated, and left me really disgusting feeling. I know there are many apartment conversions hotels in the city but this is so over priced and gross. I wouldn't stay there again even if someone pays me.	
Aug 21 2009 	Pleasntly Suprised	I was in SF for a family wedding and needed cheap place to crash.I booked this place ready for the worse.I was very, VERY plesantly suprised!Room was cute, charming, very nicely appointed, quiet, bed was OK, I had kitchenette inside the room, cable TV, CD player, I felt like I am in some small Parisisan bootique hotel.Everyhintg seemed brand new and SOOO clean.Towels were VERY nice and loved the shampoo and soaps: some organic stuff, smelled so nice!Check in was in another hotel, 2 blocks east up Bush Street, but that wasn't the problem concidering what i was paying. Staff was polite and friendly and was even able to check in eaarly, around noon.On departure date, they printed my boadring pass that saved me time at the airport.This hotel is NOT for everyone, since rooms are small, there is no reception desk at the hotel, but it is extrenly new, CLEAN, cute and charming!There is Whole Foods around the corner where I bought wine, olives and cheese and kept it in a handy fridgerator.	
Aug 12 2009 	so so	the only people u see are the cleaners in the morning, and the person u check in and out with, the room was a bit like a self contained flat, it was within walking distance from city hall which is the main place that i wanted to be. the best thing was the location, and the least was the building (no lift loadws of stairs)	
Jul 25 2009 	not a pleasant stay!!	This hotel place is very incovinient for me, The hotel is on bush st. but you need to check in in nob hill hotel which is in hyde st. I walked 3 blocks ( this doesn't make sense)The bed is dirty, and the bathroom smells like mildew. During the night there are lots of noises, that you cannot sleep. I would not recommend this hotel this to anybody..	
Jul 22 2009 	Bedbugs!bedbugs! bedbugs!	BEDBUGS, BEDBUGS, BEDBUGS!! Need I say more? I have stayed there twice and been bitten BLOODY by bedbugs both times. Even more alarming is reporting it to the front desk or the maid is treated with indifference laced with contempt for bringing it to their attention.	
Jul 4 2009 	i would definately stay here again!	We had a pretty good experience! There are a few things someone should know before booking a room here. First, there are shared bathrooms and only two per floor, one with shower and toilet, one just a toilet. There arent many rooms maybe 10-12 but still, who wants to wait when you really have to go!? Second, There is no elevator which isnt that big of a deal but lugging 50lb bags up three flights of steep stairs is no fun. Third, you have to check in a block away, again no big deal to me at all, just something you should know.. theres no fan, thermostat or heating or cooling device which is ok in san francisco I guess.I have two little complaints. They allow a band to practice until 11pm so if you turn in early this might bother you and the tv remote didnt work. the room was decorated nicely and we thought we were getting a full size bed but it was actually a queen so that was a plus! the bed was hard, which I love but, you may not. After all of that, would I stay here again? absolutely. Would I recomend it? absolutely. ONLY because of its price and location. We paid 39 a night! one block away they were paying twice that basically just to have their own bathroom. Id rather pay 39 and share! It was within a few blocks of several bus stops, a 10 min walk to union square and only 20 minute walk to china town. hope this helped!!	
Jun 7 2009 	Would NEVER stay here again!	The hotel was dirty, the bathroom was a shared bathroom and was constantly filthy, we didn't even dare to sleep in the bed. We slept in sleeping bags instead. Our room was next to the bathroom and you could hear every noise from flushing toilets to the slamming shower doors. It was hard to get into and you had to check in up the street at another hotel. Its in a slightly sketchy neighborhood, when we pulled up to the hotel we decided to see if there was something else around because of all the homeless people crowded around the entrance. We didn't feel safe staying here and would spend the money to stay somewhere in a better part of town in the future. The picture that appears on this review is actually the &quot;Nob Hill Hotel&quot; where you check in like 2 blocks away. Again if we had known this we wouldn't have stayed here. The price was alright but there is a reason it is so cheap to stay for the night.	
May 19 2009 	better than expected for the price	We stayed at Encore Express for 4 nights in May on a post-graduation vacation. I was pleasantly surprised, the room was clean, had a fridge, desk, extra sink, walk-in closet, etc. We had a private bathroom that was also very nice. The only complaint we had about this hotel was the noise. It is an older building so you can hear everything in the rooms above you and next to you. You do have to check in and out at the Nob Hill Hotel, but its not a big deal. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 17 2009 	2nd time around even better!	I stayed my first time in January with my wife. This time I stayed in SF to Wicked with some of my co-workers. I was smart enough to book at the Encore Express because of my first experience. My room was really nice for $39.00 per night as my friends stayed other places and paid 3 &amp; 4 times as much! Great deal, friendly staff and clean rooms!	
Mar 7 2009 	Great for the price	I got a great deal on hotwire only $39. After reading the few reviews on tripadvisor I was worried but was pleasantly surprised by the room I got. Two double beds, private bathroom and clean. No soap was provided but for $39 I didn't mind going to the store across the street and buying a bar for a dollar. If you want a basic, clean place to sleep its ok. I would stay there again.	
Jan 26 2009 	Don't go here!!	Sketchy people are living in the building. The bathrooms are shared. I had a room next to it and I could hear the toilet flush from across. I woke up one night to hear some kind of water splashing and it turns out a rat as swimming in the toilet. The place is very dirty and I would be crazy to ever go back here.	
Aug 26 2008	No bathroom in rooms	When I arrived I read in a paper that chek in was made in another hotel 2 bloks away. At chek in I was informed that rooms didn't have bathroom inside but only one bathroom for floor (always occupied). This is not written in expedia site. When I arrived in my room I found a lady eating curry chiken inside, she went away immediately leaving horrible smell for all the day. Finally I found another hotel and I went away. Very bad experience.	
Aug 10 2008 	Cute but not safe!	This is a budget hotel and the room and bathrooms were clean and sufficient. However a window fell out of the room and it took two hours to get a response from the hotel staff to get something down about repairs.They said the housemaid would sit in the room to look after my gear, as I had already missed one appointment while I waited for maintainance staff. I returned to my room to pick up something I needed to find the maid gone, the room not secure and still not repairs being done.Eventually the window was repaired but still not lockable.. and this was not a neighbourhood where I wanted to stay without security.The issue of security left a bad taste, as I was aware this was a budget hotel and given that was delighted with everything else.If you dop stay here.... check that the windows do lock!	
Mar 13 2008	Fraudsters	This hotel was full of drug users. It was dirty and unkempt and incredulously noisey - well into the early hours of the morning, night after night with their incessant noise!!! Pacific Equities West are slumlords, they don't care about any of your problems here. Their offices are less than 200 yards from this hotel but it may as well be 2,000 miles away becasue they will ignore you every time - time and time again. The laundry facilities in the building didn't work for over a month...they just didn't care at all. They never saw it as their problem.When you move in they tell you that there is no need to do an walk-through appraisal...even though its the law in San Francisco. But when you leave they use this against you and any damage that was already in the room when you moved in, you will be charged for when you leave. They don't even do a closing walk through (as the law requires) they just send you a letter telling you that you are not getting your deposit back and list a bunch of damage...that was already there when you first moved in. I was not the only person to get this treatment.Angelos Kolobotos is deceitful, dishonest and rude, he is running a scam at this hotel. Beware-Stay away from these shady people.	
Jan 9 2004	Oh the noise	I stayed in the James Court Hotel for 2 months during the summer. The location is great and the rooms are fine if a little small and with no bathroom or sink it is a little annoying.The staff that run it own the Nob Hill hotel on near by Hyde St. I found them to be rude and uncooperative. They are eager to rent rooms but failed to tell us that the hotel is actually a dorm for local culinary students 90% of whom must be deaf (if the level that their music is played at is anything to go by) and also insomniacs since they like running up and down the stairs till 5am screaming at the top of their voices. Also their no smoking policy is a joke as people smoke all over the hotel which you will discover when your room starts to stink of cigarettes.If this is what you are into then great. Go for it. I however like to get more than 0 hours sleep a night so found it wasnt for me.Goodluck!!!	
Jul 16 2009 	Alamierende Ignoranz des Hotelpersonals		
