Nov 17 2009 	"The worst hotel I have ever stayed at." - World Traveler	The reviewers who rated this place higher than two stars did so because of the hotel's location. Let's not give credit to a hotel for the development of its surrounding community. This hotel is bad and is not a value at the price of about $70 a night (+ $22 per day parking).As soon as I opened my room's door the smell of dirty old man body order pierced through my nose making my eyes water. On the floor was an open box of trojan condoms, an open bag of chips, and a pretzel. This place is not clean. The walls are super thin, so you can hear large trucks pass by the building and workers yelling outside early in the morning. A patron uptairs kept walking around all night and I could hear every amplified step. They have these old radiators that crack and hiss all night even if they are turned off. Forget about sleeping at this place. Oh and their linens are dirty and torn. Don't be lured in by their nice photos either, they must have used a wide angle lens to give the impression of space; these rooms are tiny. Their showers are as tiny as coffins so don't drop the soap because you'll twist like a contortionist to recover it.I've stayed in cheap hotels all over the world including in tijuana and I can say that any hotel in tijuana will beat this hell hole of a hotel; the location does not make up for this horrendous hotel experience.	
Nov 16 2009 	ideal location for reasonable price	My husband and I stayed at the Grant Plaza Hotel for the first time. Our usual hotel was booked up and we basically just wanted to find another hotel with the same attributes: clean room, central downtown SF location, and low price. We found all that in Grant Plaza. Be forewarned-- you won't get a chocolate on your pillow, the staff are helpful but not 5-star service, the rooms are small, the only toiletry provided is a round bar of soap, the linens &amp; mattress are thin, and our TV had 5 channels (one or which appeared to be live feed from a rooftop security camera).However, you trade all that for a value-priced room (we payed $80 for a double-sized bed) that is one block inside the chinatown gate, one block from union square, and a few blocks from North Beach. My husband and I walked all over, including the 1.5 miles from our hotel to Fisherman's Wharf/Pier 39. It was clean and reasonably quiet for being in the center of downtown. We used to live in the Bay Area plus visit frequently because of family and the fact that SF is our favorite city in the US. Take it from us, Grant Plaza Hotel provides a cheap night's sleep for those who want to explore what the city has to offer.	
Oct 21 2009 	Good location	Friendly staff which always helps. Room was small but the bed was comfy and the shower was great. The main probem was the window did not open more than 2 inchs..not sure whether this was to keep you in and others out!! The walls are pretty thin though.Good location for shopping, China town and the trams, but don't let the picture fool you, the trams don't pass by the front door. They're a block or two over.	
Oct 15 2009 	Excellent value for money in central San Fran	Despite dodgy reviews here, our tight budget led us to book 3 nights at the Grant Plaza in mid-September.As expected for $60 a night, the room was small, but there was plenty of storage for our bags (we were on a 2-week road trip, so quite a lot of stuff). The bed was comfy and the room and bathroom were spotlessly clean. There was no view from our room - we looked onto a central courtyard, but this meant it was pretty quiet, which suited us. We literally only slept and washed in the room and spent all day out and about.Maid service was brilliant - the room was obviously hoovered every day and sheets and towels changed.The best bit has to be the location - so central to everything. We walked a lot around the city, and the hotel was always a reasonable distance from wherever we ended up.Highly recommend this for travellers on a budget, or, like us, if you know the only time you'll be spending in your room really will be sleeping.Also recommend busting the budget on french toast at Cafe de la Presse down one block towards Unions Square. Delish!	
Oct 8 2009 	Fine	Small room, yes...but great location! Longish walk to pier 39 (but close to trams), good walk to town, and not too far from AT&amp;T Park.Would reccomend this to anyone on a budget, who isnt planning on spending much time in their room	
Oct 7 2009 	cheap and cheerful	got what we paid for,staff excellent,only real problem we had was shuttle to airport.very late.wouldnt recommend a cab is only a few dollars extra	
Aug 20 2009 	Felt unsafe and Neglected	Grant Plaza is a grand name for a run down hotel that is noisy, dirty and feels a little unsafe right smack in the middle of Chinatown. Nothing is complimentary you are charged for everything, and trust me don't complain as it doesn't get you anywhere.	
Jul 29 2009 	Convient	We stayed here for 1 night because the hotel we were at in the Valley wouldn't extend our good price for one more night. We didn't expect much since we had read all the reviews. Still we were surprised. It's a basic no frills hotel, but it was very nicely located 1 block inside China town. It was clean and comfortable. Our room was on the 5th floor Grant Street side, so it was pretty noisy with the windows open until about 9pm. Most of the shops had closed by then and foot traffic was sparse. The bathroom was outdated and the floor was chipped and a little run down, but the shower worked well. They included a shower soap dispenser and 3 little hotel soaps. No shampoo or conditioner. We had our own, so it didn't matter. The bathroom even had a hair dryer.It was so easy to walk to all the main attractions from there, or hop on the BART to get outside the inner city. Eating establishments were everywhere. We had 3 Starbucks within a 3 block walk. A nice sandwich shop called the 3 Sisters was 2 blocks away serving breakfast and lunch sandwiches like Corn Beef Hash or Pesto Salmon at an average price of $8. Way too many choices to name here. Several breakfast places for sit down service too.It's up a steep hill which can be intimidating with luggage, but you can park right outside the hotel, unload, check in and get your parking pass. Parking is about 3 blocks away and reasonable at $22.80 for 24 hours. ( It costs $5.80 pp for transport from SFO BART one way, if you'd rather not deal with the car aspect.)The girl in the morning is very friendly and helpful. The older gentleman later in the day was not so much. Neither was the younger man being trained. I think it's because they didn't speak much English. Internet is available for a price. You can stow your luggage in a good size locker for 50 cents if you get there too early.A sign in the window advertises rooms starting at $55 a night. Our twin room was $69 a night . The only way up was to use an elevator which was surprisingly quick. They had a locked door at the bottom of the stairs on the first floor that only let you go down. We didn't go back and forth to the room that much to care.We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 26 2009	excellent location and pleasant staff	When you are sight-seeing the room is a low priority. Rented two rooms for 3 days and was very satisfied. The location was excellent...close to sights, food and transportation. Sure the rooms are small but they are clean and pleasant enough when used primarily for sleeping. Staff was friendly and helpfull. Parking was available and only 3 blocks away. If you are going to spend many hours in your room this may not be the place for you, but if as we were, you are seeing the city for 14 hours a day the Grant Plaza is a great place to stay and you can use your money for other things.	
Jun 24 2009 	Grant Plaza Hotel best kept secret!	Biggest plus at the Grant Plaza is the LOCATION! Next plus, being in a real HISTORIC San Francisco Hotel (we were told it was built in the 1920's). Notice I didn't mention their amazing BARGAIN PRICES per room at the top? That's why we chose this hotel, however were very, very pleasantly surprised by everything else. It's always nice to save money, however you hope to enjoy your stay, and we sure did! Our teenage family members quickly started calling it &quot;home&quot;. Rooms clean and comfortable. Some with great street-side views and good-time &quot;noise&quot;. Others off street were much quieter, no view but easier sleep! I had read on several reviews of a unpleasant smell in some rooms, but never noticed anything like that anywhere in the hotel. Especially enjoyed the young lady at the front desk for her very helpful suggestions and good humor. We will return, and recommend this hotel to our friends!	
Jun 6 2009 	Good location pretty good value but not perfect by any means	We stayed at the Grant Plaza Hotel in San Francisco for 6 nights. In retrospect it was a little too long as the room was a little too small and lacking in facilities for a stay of more than a couple of nights.Booking - done over the internet without any problems except that the photos on the website portrayed a room much better than the one we hadChecking-in - done quickly and efficiently by the excellent staffThe Room - we had a double room and found the double bed a little small. The room was small therefore the bed was very close to the wall on one side. That wall had a heater attached to it and we were concerned about the heater causing a fire by either setting the bed or the curtains alight. We had no control over the heater settings as these appear to have been centrally controlled.The bathroom was a bit squeezy but the shower worked great. There was some rust on the metal tissue holder and the small cabinet over the basin was not very clean.Otherwise the staff kept the room clean and tidy and we had no complaints in that regard.Checking-out - also done quickly and efficientlyAreas of concern - there were one and sometimes two fold-up stretchers parked in the corridor leading to the fire escape. This seemed to me to be very dangerous in the event of a fire and was probably illegalWe would have liked - a small refrigerator and tea-making facilities which are standard in Australia where we liveWe would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends but with the above reservations.	
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent location on a budget	Location is excellent, right at the southern entrance of Chinatown. Public transport is only a block or 2 away and you can get to pretty much any of the tourist attractions on offer. It's about 5 blocks to the nearest BART station that can take you to/from the airport for about $5.50 one way. Most tour companies do pickup from this hotel.The room is a bit dirty, smelly and very small. I got given a room on the upper level with view to the street and it is fairly noisy from the traffic at night. There's no Air Conditioning in the room so I can't just shut the window to keep noise out. The shower is very tiny. I can barely find room to fit myself in it. The windows are full height without bars, even on upper level, so it's not for someone with kids as you can easily fall off the building through the open window. The staff are quite friendly and helpful. There's internet access in the lobby if required for a fee. Otherwise, there's not much common facilities on offer. Despite the shortfalls, I would stay here again because of the value and location.	
Apr 7 2009 	You get what you pay for - great location	The room was small and the bathroom admittedly run down looking but the hotel is in a super location, was great value, and you'll only be in it to sleep. peopel on here slating it are massiveyl over-reacting. For the price they paid did they expect the Hilton? ps when I visited in June 2008 there wasnt a urine smell so maybe that's a new developent. pps as an aside, make sure you visit Dotty's True Blue Cafe in the Tenderloin for breakfast!!	
Mar 22 2009 	Excellent value	If you want Westin St. Francis amenities, you are going to have to pay Westin St. Francis prices. If you want a decent room in an amazing location for an unbeatable price, *this* is your hotel. Its an old building, don't expect shiny and new. Even with having to pay for parking (they have a deal with a parking garage 3 blocks away), it is as cheap and nicer and in a much better location than where we stayed previously to be in walking distance to Union Square. I've stayed twice and will stay again. For our first stay we had a double bed in a tiny room on the second floor. The heat was provided by a radiator that was on, but easy to turn off. We realized there was a problem with the toilet in our room and called the front desk. We were upgraded to a queen sized room that was much bigger and a bit nicer on the 6th floor. The staff is very friendly and nice. We even received a coupon from the hotel to use on our next trip. I'll certainly book here next time I am in San Francisco. You are about 4 blocks from Union Square with lots of excellent shopping in between, just inside the gates of Chinatown, and a very close walk to North Beach in one direction, and Market in the other. There are a lot of excellent restaurants in walking distance too.	
Mar 13 2009 	Will never return horrible service and rooms	The hotel itself was not so great due to the small size rooms and terrible odors. The price was alright, but I would have stayed at a different place like motel 6 or similar. When I first arrived, I was greeted by the front desk man who only wanted to sell his tours to me. I have barely even put down my luggage on the floor to check-in, he questioned if we were on vacation, then quickly pulled out a brochure to convince us to go on a city tour. We kindly refused and he then ignored us the rest of the stay, how rude. Luckily the other staff were very helpful including the young man and young lady in their morning shifts. I would definitely not return to this hotel due to the small rooms and the one older front desk man who did not care one bit about their guests other then to sell us tours and taxi service. Worst hotel I have ever been in.	
Feb 24 2009 	Different experiences	I stayed three nights at the Grant Plaza Hotel with my girlfriend last November. Like others i had read the reviews and there seemed to be a mixed response. All i can tell you is that we both really enjoyed it and found our stay very plesant indeed. We stayed in room 514 and yes, the bathroom is not the biggest, but was easily enough for what we needed. the bedding and towels were clean, as was the room. It is not the Hyatt or the Marriot, but if you want to stay there then you have to pay the $400 a night tab. We didn't want to pay that and found the grant Palza a perfectly located (i know everyone writes this but it is true), perfectly lovely hotel. The staff were very helpful and the restaurants and cafes nearby are gorgeous. The Trolley buses stop one block away and this means that everything is easily accessible. We loved our stay, we would stay again, and we hope to very soon. I have stayed at more expensive hotels and had heard of complaints there too so i think the people that have had a bad expereince at the Grant Plaza should just chill out - my girlfriend and me just loved it.	
Feb 3 2009 	Very Central	Stayed one night in the Grant Plaza last week and found it a super little spot. Very central and great value. Also very helpful staff. For a short stay it's perfect.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great service! Convenient Location!	This was my first stay at Grant Plaza Hotel. I enjoyed the hospitality and the convenience to everything. Would recommend this hotel!!	
Oct 21 2008 	This hotel was a dump!!!!	We stayed in room 508 and it was so small you could hardly move around the bed. There was what looked to be mold on the ceiling and wall above the television set. The bathroom was tiny and the shower door would not close so water leaked out. There was more of what appeared to be mold under the bathroom window. I actually saw bugs crawling on the wall next to the sink. We tried to get another hotel but all that we called were booked. I have pictures of the room and everything we described. The room was dirty and literally made me sick!!! The road noise from the street below was awful, but you had to leave the window open for the terrible odor. We spoke with other guest who actually said the same thing. I will never stay at this hotel again, I think the taxi cabs on the street would be a better choice.	
Oct 17 2008 	Avoid!	Arrived in the dark (10.30pm) straight from the airport post a transatlantic flight from London. From the outside, looks ok, but the smell (cat's urine or similar) hits you as soon as you step inside. Check is was adequate; no maps or orientation offered. Our room was on the 5th floor (there is a lift mercifully). On opening the door we were horrified. The room - supposedly a double - had enough space for a bed (a single and a half size) and about 12&quot; space down one side, and the door opened into the other side. The window looked out onto the fire escape, which was, as a previous reviewer wrote, similar to a lift shaft with no roof, but no natural light etiher. The room smelt, the sheets were dirty and everything looked perhaps as it might have in the late 70's when I suspect it was last decorated. Bathroom ok, with good water pressure, but you did get the feeling you might come out dirtier than when you went it. Despite being exhausted from the flight and time difference, we both had a dreadful night and were up and out by 6am. The room was noisy and with no air-con it was warm. Being on the fire escape the window didnt open more than 6 inches. Although we'd booked (and paid for ) 3 nights via Expedia we left swiftly the next day and checked in to the InterContinental. As we checked out there was no effort made to keep us there; we were just told the room had been paid for, so the agent cared not. The one redeeming feature of the Grant Plaza is location - just a couple of blocks from Union Square, all the shopping, tram stop etc. IN hindsight, thinking about what we paid (about £50/night) it was never going to be great - but clean would have been nice. If you are planning on staying in San Fran, it seems that you really do get what you pay for (see my review of the InterContinental)	
Oct 13 2008	Budget hotel with a very good location	Located in the heart of Chinatown, this is a great budget hotel for those who want to have just a place to sleep. The rooms are pretty small, but the bathroon was pretty big comparing to the room. It was mostly clean, except the bedclothes/towels, which could be better. We had a double room with a street view, and it was much lighter, than our friends room, which has only one window with a courtyard view, but it was much more noisy... The front desk is a bit smelly and old, but the staff was nice.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Location and Great Value	Located in the heart of Chinatown, this is a great budget hotel for those who want simply for somewhere to sleep and somewhere to leave luggage. Inevitably the rooms are small and functional. As with many older hotel properties in this price range, plumbing was rather noisy and the ceiling creaked whenever guests upstairs moved about. I secured a room facing onto the inner courtyard; apart from the noise of plumbing and people overhead, the hotel was remarkably quiet. For the budget traveller, I would happily recommend the Grant Plaza Hotel.	
Oct 5 2008 	Avoid at all costs	My wife and me arrived in the late evening in San Francisco after a long day, having came from Las Vegas. We were tired and just wanted to get to bed so that we could be refreshed for our few days in the city.We had read a few reviews on T/A and although they were mixed we decided to give it a try. The reception was dirty and smelly, the night staff spoke poor english (although this is ok, as we were in chinatown and we dont speak chinese) eventually we got our key cards and went to our room. The room stank, was dirty and had not been renovated since the 70s, but being tired and only staying for three nights, plus the fact that we had paid in advance we decided to &quot;rough it a bit&quot; and put up with it.The one thing i will say in favour of the hotel is that the towels although old, were clean and plentyfull and there was plenty hot water. The view from our room was into what can only be described as resembling a roofless lift shaft therefor the room never got any sunlight. San Francisco is a wonderfull city and we will go back but not to this hotel.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great location great deal	Fantastic location, clean and totally adequat considering the small price we paid.	
Sep 19 2008	Small and shabby	Stayed here for 3 nights early September 08. Good location, however the room was very small and poorly decorated. There were holes in the walls and doors that had been repaired with polyfila and not even sanded down before been painted. It was certainly overpriced at £40 a night. Compared with the other 8 hotels I stayed in around California this was by far the worst.	
Sep 3 2008	OK for the price	Stayed here for 3 days in August 08, the location is very good for shopping/China Town/etc. The reception wasnt too helpful and the rooms were small and basic, plus its quite a noisy place to stay. However, for a central location at a low cost its a good choice.	
Aug 12 2008 	great bargain	The location is very good--one block into China town, the hotel is being renovated--but is very quiet--staff very friendly and helpful--this is not a five star hotel--but if you would rather spend money on other things this is a great place to stay. Felt very safe all the time. Bob T	
Aug 12 2008 	Good locationbut very small rooms	The hotel is on a very good location in Chinatown,but it doesn't smell good in the hotel and they were working at the hotel.Internet is not cheap.No Wifi only internet at the frontdesk.Very small rooms.People are very helpfull.	
Aug 6 2008 	very disapointing not for couples!!!	Stayed for two nights mid-July. From the outside the Grant Plaza could not be faulted, but it was very different inside. I looked like half the hotel had been flooded, though there were signs for &quot;renavations&quot; it looked like a natural disaster had taken place. Dirty bed clothes and beds were found in most hallways in the hotel. The room seemed clean enough but it was very very basic. It has a great location just beside the gates of Chinatown but after staying in Parc 55 hotel before it was a very big let down.	
Aug 5 2008 	Tolerable that's as good as it gets	Great location just at the southern edge of Chinatown, which is the SF neighborhood that I was most interested in exploring.The room had an odd smell which I think was from a cleaning product of some kind. The smell was not overpowering and I had no problem sleeping or anything. There was a very small amount of hair on the floor of the shower, so the hotel failed the most basic test for good housekeeping. (This did not bother me that much, but I mention it because many people would be totally grossed out by it.) Surprisingly, other than that it seemed to be clean in the room and bathroom. Run down, but clean.There were very few outlets in the room, so if you have any gadgets, take a short extension cord with multiple outlet connections on it.There was nothing good about this hotel other than its price and location. Tolerable is the best you can say for it.	
Jul 26 2008 	great location- not so great hotel	Staying right in chinatown was really great on our trip, and the exterior and lobby of the hotel were pretty nice, and the staff working at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. However, the rooms were horrible. The beds were probably the most uncomfortable I've slept on, the everything felt really dirty. I almost didn't want to take my shoes off in the hotel room because I was doubtful the carpet had been cleaned in a year. The bathroom was especially bad, the tv was broken, the window was stuck and it was freezing cold at night. I should have known because the room rates for this place were so cheap. This hotel is in serious need of some upgrades.	
Jul 1 2008 	Roughing It	I was guided to this relatively small, family-run hotel by a favorable review in the New York Times and enjoyed it, in my twenties, for two convention-related visits to SF. But when I went back with my wife, in my thirties, I suddenly discovered holes in the sheets, stains in the carpet, chipped tiles aplenty in the bathroom and poor attention to details overall. Had the property gone downhill. . . or had I gotten older (and just a bit richer)? Maybe some of both, and, in any case, no longer stay here, moving to the Donatello which I heartily recommend.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Value	The Grant Plaza really is incredible value in such an expensive city. Its located in Chinatown, which is a pretty safe part of town to walk around in. The hotel is located within walking distance of Union Square, the Cable Cars and the BART trains. The rooms are smallish, but they have everything you need, bed, sink, shower, toilet etc. A reasonable selection of TV channels also. The staff were very helpful and friendly for the most part. The downside to the hotel for me was being stuck on the 2nd floor, with a very noisy air conditioner outside my window starting and stopping all night - and being that the rooms are no air conditioned it gets stuffy if the window is closed. Theres also a good deal of noisy traffic that passes the hotel. All this said i was very satisfied with the Grant Plaza and for 80-100 bucks a night it absolutely can't be beaten!	
Jun 25 2008 	Digusting Place and Bad Service to boot!	I stayed here at the end of may 2008, fortunately for only 2 nights. I obviously lucked out as I read the other reviews on the website which seemed generally favorable. The room did not feel clean (i kept shoes on the entire time except in bed) and the place was freezing. I was tempted to change to another hotel that was similar in price with breakfast included. However since it was only for two nights, we just tolerated it. The only positive thing about it was the location. What seem to exacerbate the situation was the non existent customer service. When I asked for a simple thing such as a city map, I received their brochure with their location on it. I ended up visiting other hotels to get maps and brochures. They did have the maps, I saw them on the cabinets and being given out to other guests. After we declined their preferred company shuttle to the airport, we found they essentially ignored us.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great location and price	We just got back from our stay at Grant Plaza Hotel. It is located one block in from the famous gateway to ChinaTown. It has a great location. We were one block away from the cable cars and bus system. This hotel is not for everyone. It has very few amenities. However, it was clean, fairly quiet and cheap. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was about 15 x 15 and the bathroom just had a shower. However, that was all we needed. I checked out hotels in the area and they were running $150-200/night, we stayed here for $80.	
May 18 2008 	Hotel was ok	My boyfriend and i stayed here for 5 nights in April 08The hotel is in a great location. Just through the gate of chinatown on the corner. The area is very safe walking around there at night back from union square or cable car stops. Staff at front desk were very nice and very helpful. When we checked in the lady gave us a map and showed us some sights and gave us the transportation options and prices and approx. walking times. The San Francisco chinatown is amazing. Im told is the largest in the U.S so it was nice having this on our doorstep.The room size was good has a tv and table etc. The room at night was freezing. If the thing in the corner was a heater it did not work at all and the room had a slightly off smell about it but i guess your not there to stay in your room.There is wireless networks around all of which you have to pay for. same as the kiosks downstairs - they were outragously expensive for an hour of internet time. I'd find a cafe if you need to use it.I would probably look for somewhere different next time as we didnt spend the majority of our time in locations near the hotel but i would recommend this hotel.	
May 11 2008 	What a gem !	We just loved this little hotel. It is in Chinatown and is so central. One block (small block) from the tramline and about two blocks from the main street (I think it is Market St or something). It is close to the station, so we just walked from the train when we arrived and left SF. (We bought one of those five day muni passes, and it is certainly worth it).The hotel is clean, and is all you need when you are there. It isn't the Ritz, but then the prices are not either.The staff were friendly and very helpful. Our TV remote was not working too well, and we told the receptionist . Within about ten minutes, we had someone knocking on the door with a replacement. There was a computer in the lobby which you could use for a fee, and all in all, we would recommend this to any budget minded person.	
May 6 2008 	Great location in Sanfransisco on a budget	we stayed at the Grant Plaza hotel for our four night stay in Sanfransisco. There were four of us traveling although the Grant couldn't give us adjoining rooms, our rooms were opposite each other on the second floor. The rooms were tiny, but we didn't mind, for the price we payed and we didn't spend anytime there other to sleep anyway. The water pressure in the shower was great. And the rooms were serviced everyday and clean. Our room was on the street and our friends wasn't. I'd reccommend requesting a street facing room, as our's was slightly bigger and much lighter. I like to see the outside world from a window too, not a fire escape. The location was fantastic, just inside the gates of china town, and only a few blocks walk to Union Square. Far enough away from the cable car to not hear it, but only a short walk to it if you want to catch it. We walked to Fishermans warf and ate and drank in little italy almost every night, which was a short walk away. At night chinatown was surprisingly quiet, so had no problem sleeping. And felt very safe in the area. The hotel doesn't have breakfast facilities, but there are loads of cafes nearby and a starbucks just up the street. My friends and I would stay there again.	
Apr 27 2008 	Awful hotel. Good location.	We booked this hotel only because we had some business at the French consulate which was on the same block as the hotel and wanted to stay somewhere nearby. The only thing good about this hotel was the location. The staff was friendly and helpful and got us checked in fast and proided us with a good parking spot nearby.The hotel itself felt like it was going to fall apart. The floors were squeaky, the elevator was dingy and shaky and the room was small. The walls were paper thin and we could hear the neighbors all night! The TV didn't work, but that wasn't a big concern for us.The bed wasn't comfortable and felt dirty as well. Worst of all, we felt rather unsafe in the hotel.	
Mar 20 2008 	Extremely accommodating!!!	we recently stayed at this hotel and were very comfortable. the staff is very pleasant and they made every effort to keep us comfortable. i/we would gladly stay there again and again simply out of loyalty to those who took such good care of us. thanks for all that u did for us Grant Plaza!!!	
Mar 7 2008 	Loved the Grant Plaza Hotel	I was in desperate need of getting away from my travel companion and did a quick search on yahoo for hotels in San Francisco and found the Grant Plaza Hotel. The price was great for the area $65.00 a night for a queen size bed. It was clean and comfortable and felt nice. It is a block off of the gate to China Town and the people at the hotel and surroundings were very friendly. It felt safe and was exciting staying in China Town. It had a European feel and you could get a sense of history from this WWII era hotel. I recommend this place for the weary traveler or for those that want to save some money and have a nice place to stay. The staff was friendly and I felt at home there. Its not the Radisson or Hilton but in many ways better.	
Feb 19 2008	Location Location Location	This is my 2nd Time staying here. For the price, ((125 bux for two nights)) and for the location, you can't beat the place. Located right in the heart of Chinatown, with easy access to the cablecar lines, the bus lines, union square, chinatown, northbeach, and pretty much anything else you want to do in the city.The room wasn't the biggest, but like i said, location location location. Why travel for the hotel room??? The bed was comfortable, clean, no bed bugs as I guess san francisco is infested with, ((never had one bite)) and the service is quick. Now, if you need internet, washer and dryer, and back massaging, this isn't your place. if you are just looking for a place to crash while u are out in the city, it's perfect. I do reccomend to book online rather then calling them directly. Their internet prices are much cheaper then what they say to you in person.	
Feb 15 2008 	Great little place	I'll definitely be staying here again. Great staff, very friendly and helpful. You can't beat the cost, especially for the location. You have easy access from here to lots of transportation and of course its easy to walk to many locations. To be fair, the room was quite small and there were few tv channels, but what are you staying in your hotel room in San Francisco for? Comfortable, very clean, and all around a great experience.	
Feb 4 2008 	basic lodging good location and price	for the price and location a good deal. nothing fancy, just basic lodging. we got one of their &quot;premium&quot; rooms on the top floor. it was an average room. not a great view. but for the price and location it's good.	
Jan 30 2008	Great affordable stay	HelloI stayed in this hotel for the 4th times ! Love it.Close to restaurants and downtown SF.Affordable prices.Simply a great experience each time I stay.Quiet. I sleep very well.Good service too.Wireless internet in rooms this time.Look forward to my next stay.Yves Bournival, Montreal	
Jan 7 2008 	A Fantastic Deal!	I just discovered the Grant Plaza hotel on my last trip to SF. I am on a very tight budget, and selected this hotel by price and location. I am VERY happy with my experience there. The paint was a little shabby in my room, but the furniture was new, and the mattress actually very comfortable. My room was very quiet, and I felt extremely safe staying there.Every single staff member I encountered was friendly and helpful. I was happy to see internet service in the lobby. The location is unbeatable- right in the middle of everything- Chinatown, the Financial district, great shopping, a great sushi place just across the street, etc. The museum district is an easy 6 block walk, while North Beach is about 7 blocks away.I'll definitely return, and am recommending this hotel to all of my friends.	
Dec 28 2007 	The rooms smell funny	I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. Firstly, it's not really that close to anything besides being geographically in Chinatown itself. But since, I'm not there for Chinatown, it didn't impress me. It's a good walk to the nearest MUNI/BART station, which is the Montgomery. To be fair, it is a pretty tolerable walk because of the many shops you pass. You can also walk to Union Square and the Powell Street Cable Car Station, but it'll take you about 10 minutes. The cable car line that passes the hotel and was mentioned in its website is actually the California Line. No one takes that. And for such a price, one would expect free internet access. But you have to pay for it. The rooms are small and they smell real bad. Like paint left over. I have a room on the second floor, which is not accessible by stairs after a certain time. I suppose that's good for security, but inconvenient for me.	
Nov 25 2007 	Don't be fooled by the photos!	When I arrived and saw the lobby, it looked nothing like the photos on the website. The interior is run down, the elevator is rickety and a little scary to ride in. The room I had was extremely small, dirty and it smelled. The hotel hallways and my room smelled musty and of mildew. If you're looking for a cheap place to stay then this is it. However, you get what you pay for.	
Nov 10 2007	Terrible	Oh my God!I am a hardened traveller and this was the worst hotel I have ever come across. The website is false advertising. The room was extremely small, so small in fact that there was nowhere to open my case other than on the bed. My feet hung off the end of the bed. I am tall but I have never had this problem in a hotel before. Lastly, the room was insecure with a window opening onto a courtyard that couldn't be locked. I asked to be moved but they claimed they had no other rooms so I moved out to the Astoria around the corner. MUCH better!.Compare my photos - The first is from their website, the second is what I actually got.	
Oct 31 2007 	Cold at night	I stayed in this hotel several times over the past 15 years; the last time was around 8 years ago. This time I stayed there 3 nights. The location is decent, especially for Union Square, Chinatown, and North Beach sightseeing, but other than dim sum, there's really no place (that I'm aware of at least) to get a reasonably priced, quick hot breakfast nearby anymore since the McDonald's that was 2 blocks away closed.Be aware that the lowest priced rooms for one person are VERY small (which doesn't really bother me since I spend little time in the room) - the large bathroom and the actual hotel room are almost the same size. The hotel is decent overall and the room I had was clean. I don't recall ever having a problem with the rooms not being clean at this hotel.The rooms get very cold at night. I had what was the end of a cold when I arrived on a Saturday night and when I called the front desk after waking up freezing and coughing to ask about the heat, I was just offered an extra blanket instead of a space heater like I should have been offered and was told the heat would come on in around 2 hours (it never did). I then spent another night with no heat and the day before I left, I asked someone else at the front desk about the heat and was told that the heat was not on at all in October and I could get a space heater instead.I finally got the space heater on the 3rd night (the night before I went home) after freezing for 2 nights. I told the front desk about this when I left and just got a &quot;sorry about that&quot; for a response. I was then told again by the man at the front desk that they had central heat in the hotel and it should have been working, after being told the day before that there was no heat at all in the hotel in October. They should get their story straight and also train the staff to respond to problems like this in a more acceptable manner.Also, definitely bring earplugs if you get a room facing the inner courtyard of the building, because you never know how much noise there will be (loud talking, TV noise, etc.).After this last experience, I doubt I'll ever stay there again, despite the cheap rates.	
Oct 30 2007	Great place great price!	We stayed at this hotel while in San Francisco for the Nike marathon. Although at first we thought the room was too dark (no view) the room was quiet, extremely clean, had a great shower and the bed was soooooooo comfortable. The location was outstanding - walking distance to most places. Not many amenities but we did not need them. The only thing lacking was internet hookup in the room but we used the free wi fi in Union Square!! We would definitely recommend this place. A great bang for the buck.Mike &amp; Dana in NYC	
Oct 8 2007 	Grant Plaza :(	The hotel lobby was beautiful, but when I got to the room it was extremely small, not too clean, and the bed linens were old and torn. The only thing that boosted this low rating was the location which was wonderful and extremely convenient. Lastly the staff was attentive and helpful except for the time that I was supposed to check out, which was about 4:30am due to my early flight. There was absolutely no one at the front desk- which made me wonder how safe the hotel is at night. Around 5am when my airport transfer ride arrived a guy came out of the back that appeared to have just waken up to the 5th call to the front desk that I made on my cell phone.	
Aug 15 2007 	Loved the hotel	I stayed there three nights past week (Aug.9th, 12th &amp; 13Th,2007.The location was great right at the edge of chinatown and easy toget to other attractions. The staff was courteous and rooms wereclean and spacious (Room with two double beds).I would recommend this hotel for budget minded traveler.	
Aug 14 2007	Great Location	Just stayed for a few days at Grant Plaza. Location was perfect for us Our room was spacious and clean (we think it was the one shown in the brochure) The staff were very helpful. We thought it was good value	
Aug 10 2007 	Not that great	We were in SF for five nights and thankfully had stayed the first three nights at another establishment.The room was very dark with dodgy electricals (only usable socket was behind the bed, the lamps worked very erratically and refused to turn off one evening), the window looked very dangerously onto a concrete courtyard and the toilet wobbled when you sat on it!We also had a couple of bites while we stayed there. (Possibly from bed bugs). They defintely weren't changing our sheets every day.The location was great. But we much prefered the motel we stayed in up in the Marina district which was £84 a night (including tax) and was much nicer.	
Jul 28 2007 	Decent	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 6 nights in July. We were on a strict budget and this hotel had a decent price with a great location..we weren't expecting the Hilton or anything like that. We arrived and our room wasn't ready so we walked down to AT&amp;T Park and the bay (about 20-25minutes from the hotel). When we were finally able to check in we went up to our room and it was very small. We booked a double bed which took up most of the room with a little walking space to get to the bathroom.Our room was located facing the main street, which got noisy in the morning at about 4-5am (garbage trucks). The shower was some what clean but the shower head went only to my neck, so if I wanted to wash my hair I had to duck (I am 5'8ft - not overly tall). Overall, it was decent, just don't expect a lot. There is no breakfast, coffee, tea. You have to pay for ice and lockers - about 50 cents (if you want to keep your bag in the locker after or before you check out/in). The internet is 12$ for 1 hour in the lobby. Maps and brocheres are all located in the lobby as well. I felt safe staying here, San Francisco is a wonderful city, Chinatown is fabulous.	
Jul 25 2007 	Awful hotel!	We booked this hotel from its own website where nice pictures of guest rooms were shown. What was our surprise when after arriving later at night, the clerk told us that there is only one room left, and of course not the one that we reserved a month ago! Ok, we took it, no other choice, and we almost died when we entered it - it was smaller than a lumber room, dirtier than a burrow, with a window facing a small and awful backyard. The bathroom wasn't cleaned from centuries, and almost ruined.The next morning we insisted to be moved to a better room - like the pictures on their website, but the receptionist refused and even told us (in a strange mix of Chinese and English) to go away! Thank God, we had an American friend who came to help us and after a superior scandal we finaly had another room wich was no larger than 3 square metres, but was not so dirty - space only for two beds - so we were using the beds for passing from the door to the bathroom (1 sq. metre).There is no such depressive and terrible place, with extremely rude stuff! This is one of the worst hotels I ever been, the only good thing is really the location - you are at the heart of China Town and this is quite exciting, but don't ever stay in this place worst than the most poor backpacker hostel, tent camping would be far more comfortable and roomy, no kidding!	
Jun 27 2007 	Do not stay here!	This hotel has bedbugs! It is a dump! We were scheduled to stay 2 nights and we checked out early the next morning. We arrived around 8pm so it was too late to find anything else. We got out of there ASAP! I asked the desk clerk if they had ever had anyone else complain about bedbugs and he said &quot;yes&quot; a couple of months ago, but it proved to not be. I disagree with him and recommend that you avoid this hotel. We went a couple of blocks from there and stayed at the Sir Francis Drake for the remainder of our stay. A lot pricier, but well worth the money!	
May 21 2007 	Great place	I was a little skeptical of the place because of the mixed reviews that I had read here, but I really liked the hotel. The room was very small (double bed, about 4 feet to one side, one foot on the other, and a few feet at the end of the bed) but it was all I needed. The bed was VERY comfortable, the shower was great (hot water, good pressure). The hotel doesn't have air conditioner, but the weather was nice so it wasn't an issue. It is a little loud- I heard my neighbors shower every morning. Overall, I would stay there again anytime- the location and price can't be beat.	
Apr 23 2007 	adequate especially for the price	you can't find anything else in san francisco for the price unless its a hostel. hotel was in good location. stayed for 8 days. the room was small but my bed was firm; the room was clean. my room was on busy grant ave,but the noise wasn't too bad. the only negative:the only way to adjust the temperature in room was to open the window.	
Apr 16 2007 	The best budget Hotel in the best city in the world.......(honestly!)	I cannot understand why the Grant Plaza gets the mauling it does in online reviews. It baffles me! I have stayed here on numerous occasions and have never at any time had a problem! The hotel is extremely well situated (being just inside Chinatown) and the ideal base for exploring the city on foot which I love to do. It is within a minute of the nearest convenience store, Starbucks coffee bar, and many restaurants of all kinds. It is also a central point enabling easy access to ALL of the sights that there are to see - most of which you can reach on foot. The walk through Chinatown into North Beach never ceases to fascinate me. I love it. The lobby is welcoming and the staff cannot do enough to help. Back to the Hotel - the rooms themselves are clean and bright and are cleaned daily by the maid. I have never had any experience of dirty bed linen or towels, and toiletries are supplied. OK, there is no air conditioning - big deal! I can only say that for the money offered, the rooms are clean and contain all the facilities needed (TV, Bed, Phone, Writing desk with complementary pen and pad, closet, shower cubicle, towels, soaps, shower gel, toilet paper and hairdryer (did I miss anything??). Oh yes, and there is broadband internet access in the lobby along with a wealth of city information literature and a soft drinks vending machine.What more do you need? Stay here - you will not regret it!	
Apr 13 2007 	Basic Clean Great Location and CHEAP	Basic, clean, doable. Great location as their promotional blurb says, in start of China town, close walk to Union Square, easy to get about on transport etc...They are also slowly updating the decor, which is needed.Now the beds were old, the furniture also old and a little worn, and the rooms not that big, but everything worked, it was clean and comfortable (if you're not spending the whole day in your suite!) and it was damn cheap! I agree with the recommendations from other reviews that you try to get a street facing higher level room (levels 4-5), and if you're a light sleeper bring ear plugs;) If your a couple backpacking, save some money and get better private accommodation here IMO. If you're a tourist, keen to be out and about, then this is perfectly suited as long as you don't need plush surroundings while you sleep;) Oh, and you'll need to go out for your morning coffee...	
Feb 23 2007	Spent 9 Nights	Stayed Feb. 10, 2007 through Feb. 19, 2007 on the 5th floor. Booked via http://cheaprooms.com/. Great location - 1 block inside of Chinatown and within walking distance (2 to 3 miles) of most everything worth seeing. I paid $64 a night when the average for a SF hotel room is $170. Downside - the place is like me: older and a bit run down. This truly is a case of getting what you pay for. I have two versions for you here. First one … I stayed in a room without a view. Also, I could hear everyone in the rooms around me - could hear when then talked, coughed, showered, flushed, walked, had the TV on, threw up, etc. EVERYTHING. I even passed gas once and the people in the next room laughed. Coincidence? I don't think so. The room and bath were really small. The place is run down but not dirty – no bad smells (beyond what I caused). Very friendly staff (and I’m not one to normally give out compliments). Thing is, for all the stuff that most snooty people would consider ‘unfit’, I was fine with. If you’re there to just spend time in your room, why did you come in the first place? I was normally to bed by 10 PM and up around 5:30 AM. Most everyone around me, according to shower noises, were up and running by 6:30 AM.Second version: My daughter stayed a couple of doors down from me and said she couldn’t hear any of what I mentioned hearing – said she couldn’t hear anyone in any of the rooms around her. Go figure. Also, she loved the view her room had of Grant Ave. And her room seemed a bit larger and nicer though I paid exactly the same price for it as the one I had.Final assessment: I’m 50 and would go there again. My daughter, 25, said she would also stay there again. I could easily have afforded much better but wanted something centrally located because I wanted to walk around SF, not drive. I did rent a car for 2 days to visit some sites further out (garage parking is on Sutter just 2 blocks from the Grant Plaza and cost $8 a night).	
Jan 29 2007	Stayed there several times	This is an old family-run hotel that serves its purpose, as far as I'm concerned: giving you an affordable place to crash in a decent location. I stay there when attending computer conventions down at the Moscone Center, and most other hotels in the area cost twice as much, which can really add up over the week.The rooms are spartan and a little cramped (though I have seen worse in S.F.) and the tiny shower stalls have low shower heads which can pose a problem for someone 6'2&quot;. That said, some other hotels in the same price range have you sharing a bathroom dorm-style. One peculiarity is that you must take the single elevator to get to your room, though you can leave by the stairs. (The problem is that the stairwell cannot be seen from the front desk, so they have to lock it from outside visitors.) I have never had anything stolen or damaged at the G.P., even though one time the maids moved my stuff to another room after some trouble with the card key reader. The staff seem courteous enough.There are some computers set up in the lobby for Internet, but it costs more than it's worth. (They also charge for local calls, but that seems to be a common practice in California.) I usually wander down to the Apple Store and grab a computer to check my webmail or use their free WI-FI. There's also a Starbucks a block away.The G.P. is actually inside Chinatown, so you can get some street noise, though I always seem to sleep like a log there regardless. It's a good place to dine without breaking the bank, and the souvenir-hunting is choice. (You'll pay a fraction of what you would at a tourist trap.)	
Jan 17 2007 	No problems Excellent Location!!!	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights in April. It was our 1st stop in America, before we travelled further south. We found it really great - location was ideal, staff were lovely, room was basic but clean, and there was free email to help us book trips/email home. We stayed in a room on the 2nd floor, facing onto Grant Street and it was really quiet on a night, so we had no problems sleeping. Other than that, we spent little time in the room - it's San Francisco!!!! :) Would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 1 2007 	get what you pay for	well i stayed here 2 nights. Its not luxury, but at the equivalent of £35.00/night can't really complain. location is good and the room was clean. You get what you pay for.	
Dec 11 2006	Poor service noisy and uncomfortable	No comment. It is nothing like it looks like from the outside. Terrible experence. Worst part of my San Francisco trip.	
Oct 22 2006 	Not as good as the website says	We stayed at the Grant Plaza twice in July, and were fairly disappointed. We had seen the pics on the website of the 'newly decorated' rooms, and they remained a mystery! Our room was quite poky, old, and the bathroom looked like it was from the 70s! It was clean though, and a good location for the city - right in the middle of Chinatown. When I needed to use the loo after we checked out, I had to go to one in a cupboard in a basement full of old tvs and beds - bizarre! All in all, its ok, but don't expect it to be as good as the website pictures.	
Oct 19 2006 	Grant Plaza offers good location at low rates	The Grant Plaza offers great location, views, and comfortable rooms at a low price. Located in Chinatown, you're within walking distance of Market Street, Union Square, North Beach, BART, and cable cars. Try to get a room on the top (6th) floor. My room was clean, had a good view of the financial district, and plenty of sunshine. The only complaint was that the bathroom fan was very noisy. Staff very helpful.	
Oct 16 2006 	hey it wasn't so bad!!!!	u know what, this place isn't so bad.located at the gateway to chinatown...the hotel is OLD.u walk in and it has that &quot;old&quot; smell...but don't get discouraged by that. it's just that smell...i can't describe it.i'm just saying, when u walk in, u can feel that the hotel has &quot;character&quot;.the staff was VERY courteous and polite!!!!to me, that says A LOT!!!yeah, the room was small.but i'm gonna be busy sightseeing...all i need is a decent place to sleep and shower.the shower was too low for me...and the plumbing is a little old...but IN ALL HONESTY ~ this place was good.what do u want for $80something a nite?my friend and i enjoyed our stay.we enjoyed the staff.we would go back...	
Oct 10 2006 	Comfortable but Noisy...	me and a friend stayed in this hotel in july for 3 nights, bedroom was tiny compared to the photo we'd seen. comfortable enough for what we wanted but as it was situated in the heart of china town prepare for an early wake up call from a parade or two.	
Sep 12 2006	Dirty noisy hole in Chinatown	We went to SanFran on our honeymoon. Looking at several websites, we saw Grant Plaza: ideal location, looked good on photos. BUT IT WAS TERRIBLE!!!! I never slept worse on a holiday, but we could not cancel anymore. The bathrooms are smelly and bacteries are all over the place. The beds are completely worn out, I left with a hurting back. Personell hardly speaks English and all this NOISE!!! of the whole place (wooden floors screeching and moaning)AND: for this &quot;good price&quot; you get NO BREAKFAST. So you'd better spent 10 bucks more on another hotel which could not have been worse, but included complimental breakfast.	
Sep 7 2006 	OK....	I stayed here on my california road trip this summer. The hotel is OK because of its location but... just blah. The rooms are on the tiny sides, the elevator takes forever to get to your floor... And I still haven't figured out how the parking worked (they give you a ticket and you give it to the cashier at the parking for the first day, but the second... they made us pay...) And... it is a bit noisy... so.. it's 'good' because of the location and the price... don't know if I would return when I go back to SF :)	
Jul 19 2006 	Dirty and noisy keep awaf from this hole! Worse than the smallest B	I stayed at this so-called hotel at the end of Dec 2005, fortunately just for one night. All negative descriptions are really true. The entire hotel seems to be neglected. Who gave them the award as “best value hotel”? The pictures, you find on their homepage, are absolutely misleading. The rooms are very small, dirty, moist and they smell musty. You could at least notice that someone tried to clean the bathroom, but nevertheless, it was still dirty. Most tiles and joints were covered with mould and it took a fair bit of courage to use the shower and/or the bathtub. During the night it was very loud and you could hear virtually everything in this house. Furniture actually did not exist and the lights didn't work well. I was really happy after leaving this hole the next day, lucky chance.As final result: Even though the Grant Plaza this is quite cheap, do not stay here! Pay 10 Dollars more and stay in a real hotel or pay 10 Dollars less and stay in a hostel that couldn’t be worse! Just the good location is a plus. But does a good location compensate for such a loud and horrible night in the dirt?Klaus, Cologne, Germany	
Jun 21 2006	Disgusting rathole of inconceivable squalor	Heed the negative reviews on this site; the photos on the Grant Plaza website are misleading. Instead of the large, clean well lit rooms shown, you will get a room slightly larger than the bed inside. Let's put it this way: we laughed when we saw our room for the first time. The Grant Plaza would be ok if the rooms were $25, but at $80 a night, it is a complete and utter ripoff. Please do not stay there.The staff at the Grant Plaza could really care less about quality, they cut every corner imaginable. Half of the lights in our room did not work. The remote didn't work with our TV. The hotel supposedly had satellite tv, however the signal was conveniently out, and once I got a remote from the staff that actually worked with our tv, there was no way the remote could have worked with a satellite setup, all it could do was change analog channels, all of which were horribly snowy. I'm convinced that they simply lie about having satellite, and pass it off as a technical problem once you get there. I checked 2 other rooms, both of which had the same problems. Please please do not stay there.Our room was utterly disgusting. Our sheets were dirty and stained. There were hairs on our bathroom floor; the bad kind of hairs. Our room smelled like mildew and feet. There were beer cans on the fire escape right outside our window, apparently a bum calls it his home. The walls are extremely thin and I could hear everything that went on in the hotel. Every footstep shook our tiny shoebox sized room. The noise from the street below was clear, and we baked in our room due to the lack of AC, and the impossibility of having an open window. I was woken up by garbage trucks and yelling, which was fine by me because I was more than ready to get out of there. The girlfriend and I cancelled our reservation for the following night and stayed at the Adagio, which was more expensive, but truly a nice hotel. The Grant Plaza on the other hand does is not even concerned with upgrading their rickety fun-house elevator which made us fear for our lives, so much so that we opted for 5 flights of stairs over the elevator of death. The funniest thing about the room was the phone book. The hotel section of the phone book had been ripped out, probably by another persong who was fed up by the terrible service that they took that page to go find another hotel. I'm serious, do not stay there.I'm not a hotel snob; I've stayed at Motel 6's and Econo Lodges and been totally content. All I ask for is a little room so I can at least fit between the dresser and the bed. The dresser and bed in our room were literally 5 inches apart, and they expected us to happily walk through it one leg at a time to get to the other side of the room and the bathroom. Speaking of bathrooms, ours was apalling. I opened the door and got the impression that the shower hadn't been cleaned since the Korean War. There are other hotels in SF that cost the same amount that aren't disgusting. The staff should be ashamed of themselves. Please, for the love of god, do not stay there.	
May 22 2006	Yuck!	I submit that the word &quot;Plaza&quot; should not be used in connection with this hotel. The hotel was advertised as being in Union square, but when you have to pass under the china town gate to get the hotel that means that you are actually in china town. There were unidentifiable bugs throughout the hotel and it smelled like...burning yeast. Really gross. I was afraid that we were going to fall through the floor of our room and did not want to walk around in our room with my shoes off. We looked at pictures of this hotel before booking and the pictures are very deceiving. The rooms that we saw were nothing like the pictures advertised. I would not recommend this hotel, not even to a budget traveler.	
May 21 2006	Place is OK...Excellent location	When in San Francisco, who spends much time in the room anyway?? When we 1st checked in they gave us this little cramped, kinda &quot;musty&quot; older room, no viewexcept the alley below. I asked the clerk at the front desk to please, please check and see if one of the better rooms with a view of the street was still available, he did and there was. Make sure to ask for one of the rooms overlooking Grant or Pine Streets. After checking out different rooms (the maids were still cleaning) we found the outer rooms to be much better and a slight bit more updated than the inner rooms. We stayed in #401, the people-watching and views from the windows were GREAT! Cleanliness was a little below average, but not so bad I couldnt stand it. I will definelty return, due to the friendliness of the staff and the great location, so close to everything I love about SF and you get a good 24 HR rate on parking at the Sutter-Stockton parking garage for staying there (ask the clerk to validate your ticket). If you are not a &quot;4 star&quot; kinda person, you'll do just fine here.	
May 14 2006 	don't be scared!!	I was looking for a cheap hotel, and I found this one on the internet, and booked the room. Then, i read Tripadvisor reviews, which were frightening, but when I got there I felt great relief. In fact, this is not at all luxury: the rooms are small (different from the ones on the website), tv works bad (but who cares? you're in san francisco!!), the whole building is old and it's being restored.Anyway, the hotel is very clean, the cheapest in downtown sf, the towels are small but ok, the position is great, and the staff is friendly.I stayed there one week and I can't regret anything.	
May 11 2006	Why hasn't Health Dept shut this hotel down????	I've heard of flea bag hotels.......The only good thing I can say about this one is that I didn't see roaches carry my room mate away. To begin with, isn't false advertising illegal? The room advertised on the website (which is the same as in their brochure) must belong to the owners of the hotel, because the two rooms we booked had twin beds with bedspreads that looked to be my grandmothers bed spread - heck the beds themselves were old enough to be my grandmothers. Totally different from the room in the picture. The curtains were old and didn't close all the way, the TV was old and snowy, the room was the size of a postage stamp, the bathroom so grody that we were afraid to take showers. We risked it anyhow and beware - if you drop your soap, you'll have to exit the shower in order to pick it up it's so small. The towels, if you can call them that, were no larger than a hand towel and as thin as a paper towel, and felt like sandpaper. I wouldn't recommend this MOTEL to anyone!	
May 8 2006	Dump!!	The two rooms we had were both two twin beds and private baths. One room was in the corner so it had ample room, but the other was EXTREMELY tiny. The remote did not work for the television and it was positioned on a dresser right next to one of the beds. If there had been an earthquake during the night, the tv would have fallen onto whomever would be sleeping in that bed. The towels felt like sandpaper. The paint on the walls was cracked and peeling. The shower was so small it didn't even look like you could turn around in it. (It actually looked so bad, I didn't even step foot in it.) I understand saving money and renting a cheaper hotel if your aren't going to do much besides sleep and shower, but this was just bad.	
May 8 2006	Would rather sleep on the street!	I don't know how anyone could rate this &quot;hotel&quot; more than Okay. The ONLY thing going for it was the location. It was dirty, the rooms were small, twin beds (that were old and uncomfortable), the tv didn't get reception, 1/2 the lights didn't work, the carpet and walls were dirty and old, the towels (if you can call them that) were small and thred bear. The bathroom was so dirty that I put a towel down IN the shower to use it. Our stay was a quick overnighter and had it been any longer I wouldn't have stayed there. The elevator is tiny and on it's last leg and is sooo old it has a four person limit. Don't let the pictures fool you! They are either pictures from when the hotel first opened or from a different hotel all together!! Had I thought about it I would have taken pictures to post. I didn't book this hotel as I ALWAYS check TripAdvisor before booking!!! Don't make the mistake we made!	
Apr 18 2006	Great location!	The location of this hotel is perfect! Its right in the heart of China Town, and you can easily walk to all attractions!! Just a few minutes of all the best affordable shops in union square and market street!! The room is what it is. The main part was fine, but the bathroom i had issues with. My bathroom ceiling was caving in and everytime the person above me had a shower it would come through. My sink tap would only work now and again! Check out is 12.00pm, and the staff were ringing and constantly trying to get me out of the room from 11.00am!!	
Feb 11 2006	Not your Four Seasons but....	OK, I feel that the Grant Plaza definitely does not deserve the negative reviews it has garnered on this site. Sure, you're not going to get pampered like you would at the Four Seasons (which is like ~400 bucks a night) but for a budget traveler like me, this was perfect. It's got everything you would want: central location: close to Powell St Stn (about a 10 minute walk), in Chinatown. Not to mention clean beds, clean bathrooms, and a TV. I also arrived at the hotel at around 10 in the morning and even though check-in time was at 2pm, they let me go up to my room (although it hadn't been cleaned yet). Of course, I've stayed in better hotels, but this is SF, and to get a room downtown for 70 a night is a steal. I would definitely recommend this to the budget-conscious traveler who won't spend that much time in their hotel room anyway and only need a place to sleep and shower.	
Jan 20 2006	don't believe the photos! A dump	We found this hotel through the Lonely Planet guide. We're basically budget travellers and don't need much pampering or amenities. We just want a clean, decent place to relax and sleep. When we arrived, we were standing in a strangely neon lit lobby, a bit shabby, no big deal, but not as nice as the photos. The real kicker was when we stepped into our room. There were mystery stains on the walls(looked like old brown blood stains!). The sheets were very rumpled and smelled like perfume. It seemed obvious to us that no one actually changed the sheets after the last people left. We went down and asked for sheets and made the bed ourselves. THe bathroom was grimy and very run down. There were some hairs lying around and dirty grout. The furniture and the TV were VERY old and run down. The creepy thing is that there was a piece of TP stuffed into the eye piece in the door. It was very stuffy at night, and we ended up with coughing fits. I think we just weren't used to China Town air quality b/c we coughed more when we opened the windows. That was in the middle of the night. We were miserable and joked about the false advertising of the room photos that they have posted at the front of the hotel. You can see the same ones on this website. On the positive, I do like China Town and staff didn't try to charge us when we said we couldn't stay another night in this dump (we didn't say that exactly, but we thought it!). We ended up going to a place we had been to before, the Marina Inn. It's hard to believe the positive reviews. THey must have gotten the website photo room.	
Jan 18 2006 	A real dump	I saw the pictures of the rooms on their website, and thought it looked like a good deal. After getting there, I found out that is was in the middle of gang-land complete with gang grafitti. I also found out that the pictures of the rooms on their website didn't look anything like the room I stayed in. My room was old, dirty, had a hole in the ceiling from water damage, the bathroom was ugly and old, and despite being on the 5th floor, the noise from buses and construction below was bad all night. Although the shower was clean, it was so small it was almost impossible to take a shower in it. By no means am I a snob with hotels....I had stayed the previous 2 nights in a Motel6 and am usually pretty happy with them.	
Jan 10 2006 	Bad service	I had to change 3 rooms before I could stay there. First room had open electrical wires. The lamps shut off and on when I moved the drawer. The second room was filled with chlorine. Actually, all 3rd floor has this smell. Not recommend	
Oct 31 2005 	Would give 5-stars but . . .	Just got done with a 4-day/3-night stay in SF @ Grant Plaza. My review would be 5 &quot;stars&quot;/excellent, however, let's face it this is not a 5 star hotel. It is, however, a FANTASIC bargain. Consider that it meets the basic requirements I need in a hotel: a clean room, good shower, safe inside &amp; out, and a helpful staff. This cannot be said of all SF hotels. Yes the Grant doesn't have huge rooms/lobby, lavish appointments, indoor pool, etc or even a bathtub in every room. BUT, if you're looking for good, clean basic accomodations central to SF in general (and very close to Union Square, Chinatown and the Financial District) without paying the HUNDREDS of dollars most hotels in this area will cost you, this is certainly a place to consider and/or book. If you're looking for a place to spend your honeymoon (as another reviewer was) and want lavish surroundings - stay at the Ritz-Carlton - it's just a block away and will only cost you about 6 times as much/night (over $350/night MORE!) (based on on average price on this website on the day I posted this review). The savings is even greater when you factor in SF's ~15% hotel tax! My total cost @ the Grant Plaza was around $235, I estimate had I stayed at the Ritz I'd be talking about an almost $1,400+ bill. Sure, they're not the same, but I basically slept, showered and watched maybe an hour of TV at my hotel room during the 4 days I was there. The rest of the time I was either in seminars (the reason for the trip) and/or doing other SF things (shopping, eating &amp; seeing the sights). I will definitely consider booking at the Grant Plaza hotel for any (all?) my future trips to SF.	
Oct 17 2005	You Get What You Pay For	I had read a number of decent reviews of the Grant Plaza Hotel, some in guidebooks, and had booked a reservation based on these positive recommendations. I wish somebody had given posted the hard facts about this hotel. Here they are:1. This is indeed an inexpensive hotel and it is located in Chinatown.2. There's a reason why it is so inexpensive: it is aging not so gracefully, it isn't very clean (there was hair in both our sink and shower) and it really needs some work. We didn’t expect to be in the lap of luxury, but this hotel struck us as just a step or two above seedy.3. The rooms are not air conditioned. Which might not seem like a big deal, but (a) the streets around the hotel are very, very busy, (b) the windows in our room had broken locks and therefore could not be secured and (c) there was a fire escape of sorts outside of our window. We didn’t feel safe.The good news is that there seem to be very nice people running it. After we had checked in, we went to our room and very, very quickly decided we didn't want to stay there. We found another hotel (and paid more for a higher quality hotel) and let the front desk at the Grant Plaza Hotel know we didn't want to stay. No problem, we weren't charged a penny, and we left.	
Oct 17 2005	Great Value Excellent Location	I just (10/14-16) stayed at the Grant Plaza Hotel for the 4th or 5th time. This is a great value for the money. It's clean, quite and the staff is very helpful. They upgraded me to a bigger room for the same money since I am a repeat customer, which I thought was a nice touch. The rooms are small, but it's SF, and most rooms are small, but for $89/nt, you can't get much better. The Chinatown location is key!! We walk to everything, especially the alleyway at Belden Place which is only a block a way...it has a great vodka bar (Voda) and some pretty good italian restaurants. So don't listen to the nay-sayers. Take it from someone who stays there regularly. The Grant Plaza is a great spot.	
Sep 30 2005	Be cautious	For a holiday I would not recommend this hotel. Lots of little things wrong. Perhaps a short business trip it is acceptable. For a family holiday go somehwere else.	
Sep 28 2005	Great value	This place is maybe a step or two above a hostel, but for 60 bucks in the heart of San Francisco it's a great deal. It's clean, safe, the rooms have a private bathroom, and it's a 15-minute walk from the Embarcadero. It's especially good to find this kind of a rate on the good side of Union Square (i.e., not in the tenderloin). Yes, it's a block into Chinatown, but it's also two blocks from the Banana Republic flagship store and Union Square. It's true that the lobby smells funky. And there's only a twin bed in a small, beat-up room with an old TV. But you get what you pay for. The earlier reviewer who went here on their honeymoon--are you serious? Like another person said, don't bring your girlfriend here, but it's a great find if you're just looking for a clean, safe place to sleep.	
Sep 20 2005	Would recommend to friends!	It was my first trip to San Francisco and I wanted to make sure we had a good place to stay; so I read all the reviews for the local hotels before I booked anything. The room was a bit small, but the bed was comfortable and the water pressure in the shower was good. We asked for a couple more blankets because the room got chilly late at night, but it was no problem. We only needed a place to sleep so it did the job for us! The place is so convenient to the trolleys and the parking garage was only a couple blocks away. Watching the Dodgers at SBC Park wasn't too far away either! All the staff was very nice, and we had no problem with the traffic noise because we slept with earplugs. The price was great for the location of the hotel - right at the beginning of Chinatown in the middle of the city! We're recommending it to friends, and we'll probably use it again if we're in town.	
Sep 18 2005 	Good value for money great location	I booked a last minute trip to SF and reserved my hotel through the Visitor's Bureau website. Having lived in SF in my grad school days, I wanted something close to transport and central city, but reasonably priced. The Grant Plaza was all of that. I had a 6th floor room, which was tiny, yes, but I only needed a place to sleep and shower, which was fine. The room did not face Chinatown's main street (some say that is the noisier side), there was some city noise (er, that's what to expect in a city, even at the best hotels!) but nothing horrible. Clean room, spotless (tiny) bathroom, great water pressure, tv, comfy bed. Cheerful staff and lots of travellers who knew they had found a bargain. Chinatown, Union Suare and Fisherman's Wharf are all nearby, public transport is close, and there are plenty of great places to eat nearby in Chinatown and Little Italy. As a single woman travelling alone, I felt perfectly safe---something that is very important.	
Aug 9 2005	Dissapointed	We arrived in San Francisco 3 weeks ago and spent our first two nights of our Honeymoon at the Grant Plaza.... Well.... I must say that I was highly dissapointed when we entered the room. I had booked a Queen Room via the net - but unfortunately when we walked in the room it was nothing like the photos shown on-line. It was absolutely tiny - and not only - it smelt and seemed dirty. Thereafter I went straight down to the reception to ask them for an upgrade to a different type of room. They did that immediately (thank goodness!) however wanted me to pay a difference - which I refused to do as I insisted that the room was nothing like they were trying to show on their website. I can't complain about the location - as it's pretty central (right at the entrance of China Town and 2 blocks away from Union Square). Unfortunately though being the beginning of our honeymoon and the first time to San Francisco (first time to the USA for my husband) that most certainly wasn't the best &quot;first impression&quot;. Anyway, my advice to all is - if you're not fussy and don't mind a place with an unusual smell - the Grant Plaza's fine - especially the location. However if you're going on your Honeymoon - choose something more expensive !!!	
Jul 27 2005	Loved the Grant Plaza	My daughter and I spent 5 nights at the Grant Plaza and were both quite pleased with our room, and would definitely return again. Our room was small with 2 twin beds and very clean. The shower stall is small, but the water pressure was great. It sure beat the water pressure at the Hilton in San Mateo. I was concerned that it might be noisy at night because I am a very light sleeper, but never heard our neighbors and while we did hear traffic at night it did not keep us awake. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We asked for and received advice on restaurants, busses, and other tourist info and were quite pleased with all recommendations. I would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget for its cleanliness, excellent staff and proximity to many attractions. We used public transportation and found the Grant Plaza to be a great location to catch a bus to anywhere we wanted to go. The 6th floor has been recently remodelled (we were on the 5th floor), so they may be in process of a full update for the hotel.	
Jul 23 2005	Friendly Helpful frontdesk staff	I'm giving my &quot;above average&quot; rating because I think the staff plus the location make all the difference to a hotel. Intelligent, helpful staff who take the time to give information about the area and offer suggestions/directions - that's what we appreciated. We asked for suggestions of eating places for breakfast and for dinner and we were given recommendations of two excellent places within a few blocks. The room was satisfactory, as we were going to be out and about anyway. The historical aspect of the building and its situation right in Chinatown was great.Imagine being able to shop for such beautiful items as I bought - clothing, jewelry, gifts - all in the same street. We slept well, ate well, had internet service downstairs; were picked up for a city tour right at the door and an airport bus service for arrival and departure.	
May 16 2005 	I've seen worse	I read pages of reviews about the hotel before I left and I was nothing short of SCARED about my stay at the Grant Plaza. Well, it wasn't nearly as bad as I had anticipated. Yes, it is small. But all you really need is a bed and a bath, right? The shower head was low, but the shower pressure was GREAT! The bed was comfy, and I don't recall seeing anything crawling around. The price is very reasonable and its easy to get back and forth from there. I stayed in a Ramada Inn in Chicago for about 15 minutes once before I had to leave. This place was fabulous in comparison!	
Apr 28 2005	Grant Plaza - Needs Renovation	I loved the location of this hotel which is right in the middle of China Town. The hotel itself left a lot to be desired. I was there for three days and most of the days the elevator was broken. My room was in bad shape and I got the impression that the hotel is in need of much renovation work. Based on the condition of the hotel I felt that it was overpriced.	
Apr 25 2005	A mixed bag	A friend and I stayed here for 2 nights in September 2004. We had a room each. One overlooking the street, the other at the back of the hotel looking onto the fire escape. We couldn't fault the staff who were extremely helpful when it came to providing information about SFO and booking a car to get us to the airport by 6.00am. My friend's room was not ready for occupation on the day of arrival. Overall, the place is shabby. The bathroom was basic but clean. By no means the worst hotel I have stayed in. I did worry about my window (onto the fire escape) being left open by the maid. The hotel's location is good, but I don't recall seeing the cable car out the front of the hotel. It's close to everything central.The stairs were open while there.Overall, we lived to say farewell to SFO. Will I return to Grant Plaza? I'd consider it.	
Apr 12 2005	Honestly Not That Bad	Having read the reviews of this hotel on this website I was in two-minds whether to stay here. However, people should remember this is only a two star hotel and not a fancy new hotel.The rooms were adequate and kept clean and tidy, the staff were very friendly &amp; helpful. The hotel has a real character but is in need of an overhaul and double-glazing wouldn't go a miss. SF is the type of city where you are out all day sight-seeing, this is an ideal hotel for this as you can get anywhere you want with ease. The cable car does not run on Grant St but is only a block away and we could see it from our room.	
Apr 1 2005	Give me a break...its not that bad!	My husband and I have stayed at the Grant Plaza twice and I will say that the first time was great, we had a small room, but it had a window overlooking Grant Street and we could jump on the cable car in an instant or walk anywhere. The second time we were stuck in a former closet (I think) that looked out into the A/C unit. We simply went down and told them we didn't want to stay in that room and they put us in the room we had stayed in before without question. This place is a few steps up from a hostel... it is not fancy. On the other hand, they are nice and will see to it you are happy if you ask. We'll stay there again without worry!	
Mar 23 2005 	Horrifying Experience	Do not stay in this hotel. The room I stayed in is a single bedroom for one person. The room is extremely small, maybe around 100 sq ft, and the window opens to the back alley of another building. You can literally touch the dirty pipes and walls outside from the room. Therefore, opening the window is not an option. My room was right next to the staircase, and is extremely loud. The hotel building is really horrifying.	
Feb 24 2005	Not what you would expect	The location isn’t the greatest (in Chinatown), and there is not a cable car line on the street. The hotel looks nice on the outside, the lobby is nice, but it stops there. The rooms are extremely small, and the elevator holds about 2 people, so be prepared to wait or take the stairs. The bathrooms were about the size of that in an airplane, and our view was of a brick wall. It was $69 a night and we had to spend another $20/day to park the car across the street in an unattended parking lot. The walls are paper thin, and the street noise is unbearable. You can find better deals around the city.	
Jan 14 2005 	This place is fine for anyone who is not spoiled.	There is nothing wrong with this hotel. I was a bit nervous because I got the room for 44 bucks a night, but was surprised when I got there. It was very clean, and perfectly located. Perfect for travelers who don't need room service or butlers to enjoy themselves. It reminded me of some of the nicer hostels I have stayed in abroad, only with the privacy of a hotel.Go up Columbus street to find cheaper internet.	
Jan 11 2005	Heed our warnings!!!	If you are reading this or merely considering paying to stay at this hotel, please think again. As two poor college students, we thought this would be a great deal for a one-night stay in San Francisco. However, we were terribly wrong. This hotel sucks!!! Everything you're reading in these bad reviews are true. Nothing works properly, mold grows in the bathroom, the bed linens were ancient, the shower head would serve better purposes to the local fire department, it's noisy.....need I go on? Please don't stay here. Splurge a little. The pictures are nothing like what they post. Oh yeah, and expect to drop about 30 bucks a night on parking....not the 12 bucks they quote on their website.	
Jan 7 2005	Icky and Smelly	The Grant Plaza was definitely not what I had in mind for my stay in San Francisco. The rooms were tiny and musty and I could hear every peep my neighbor guests made...though some seemed to not be bothered by the conditions based on their sounds of enjoyment that went on all evening. The bed blankets looked about 30 years old and smelled that way too and the bathroom had mold growing in it. To add insult to injury, instead of receiving soap they had some concoction called &quot;EuroBath&quot; in a bathroom dispenser, who knows what that stuff is made of! I do not recommend staying at the Grant Plaza unless you have full body suits to be able to avoid skin contact with the room.	
Jan 5 2005	Beware of bed-bugs!	Since I needed just a conviniently located place to stay for 2 nights, I decided (after reading all reviews ;-) to reserve a room in this hotel. I am not a pernickety person (hey, I stayed in a heated tent in Yosemity just before that ;-).In reality, everything was as in the reviews: great location, small but quite clean room, ancient TV, elevator struggling to perform its duties... But it was fine with me.However, there were bed-bugs in the room! 8-[ ] I had no spare time to change the hotel (and it was December 30th, so everything reasonable was booked anyway). So, I had to stay. Luckily, I had my sleeping bag liner. It saved my skin (literally ;-).A registration clerk told me during the check-out that the manager would call my home number to resolve this issue. 3 days passed; nobody called.Maybe, there are good rooms in this hotel but I will never stay there again anyway. Their attitude stinks.	
Dec 4 2004	Second Trip Is A Nightmare	My first stay at this hotel was excellent, but if you book anything under a double you will be in the slum section. The noise level is so bad where I am at I am considering checking out and sleeping at the airport instead.Pretty disturbing that a hotel has some beautiful sections, but in the blink of an eye you can end up in the hell section!I'm almost scared to use the bathroom in the room I have now because it does not appear very clean. And God Forbid if you end up on the section that has no view because the noise from all the other rooms will drive you nutso.Unless you can book an upper floor don't bother!	
Nov 1 2004 	A solid deal	Considering location and the fact that each room has a bathroom, the Grant Plaza is a solid deal-- I paid about $55/night. My room was clean. If noise doesn't bother you, make sure to request a room facing the street. Otherwise you will find yourself in a dark, dungeonlike room facing an indoor fire escape that you cannot get to without throwing a chair through your window. I found the staff to be kind and helpful. My fifth floor corner room had a great view of the downtown area.	
Sep 13 2004	Don't let the bedbugs bite!	I stayed here 9/11/’04. Location of the hotel is excellent for shopping Union Square, eating in North Beach, buying trinkets in Chinatown, getting mugged in the Tenderloin etc. And the price $69 p.n. is unbeatable for San Francisco. Look for a room on the top floors and you are not as cramped as other people experiences here. However the room is still small, twin single beds, shower head I had to duck under (I'm 5'8&quot;). TV reception was poor but I wasn't here to watch TV. E-mail/internet available but no printer. No laundry service. Parking is a block away in Stockton-Sutter which I paid $23 total for 4 days /3 nights (I didn't ask for a recheck! it is usaually $17 a day).A rough and ready hotel, suitable for a lads weekend, don't bring your girlfriend here unless you intend hearing all about how she hated the hotel for the next few years. And I got to bring back some nice souvenirs from the hotel. A mass of bed-bug bites.	
Sep 4 2004	No problems here!	We have just returned from our vacation in the USA. We spent 3 nights in San Fran at the Grant Plaza Hotel. I had read a lot of reviews and travel books regarding this hotel, so knew what I was in for - so to speak!There were 6 of us sharing 2 rooms and we were put into interconnecting rooms on the 6th floor. This was great because it made the rooms feel bigger!! Yup they are pretty small (ours had 2 double beds), but they are clean and tidy and the bathrooms were recently refurbished. We spent so little time in our rooms (as all good travellers should!) that they were all we needed. No - there is no airconditioning, but we opened the two windows and let the fog roll in - had great nights sleep - with 3 in the room we all use earplugs anyway - so traffic noise wasn't a problem.Such a handy location - walk down Powell Street to the pier for the flatest direct route possible!! Didn't actually use the trams (US$3 one way!!). Hired bikes to ride over the Golden Gate bridge - great fun!! Book Alcatraz in advance if possible (we were there on a weekend and had to get Stand By tickets - fully refundable - but got on the ferry first time!). Loved the 20minute internet cards available at reception for US$4. Grant Plaza is a great, handy place to stay.	
Aug 30 2004	It was locked and that's dangerous	I stayed at Grant Plaza 6 03 and was curious about other reviews since. Well, firstly, I am glad someone mentioned they took the stairs rather than the elevator. When I stayed there for three nights, the stairways were kept padlocked - I swear- and I almost prayed each night I was in my room that there would not be a fire. Our only means of entrance and egress were to take the elevator.Other than that the rooms are tiny, kind of noisy, hot, but there is something quaint about the place. Maybe I'm just a masochist.And you can't beat the location. So, if you want to stay there just make sure the stairwells are open, and bring earplugs. (And air freshener wouldn't hurt, either.)	
Aug 19 2004	A fine place to stay	Spent 4 nights here mid August 2004. We had a twin room with a great double aspect view. Its dead central and just inside China town. You can walk anywhere from here. The price is unbeatable in San Francisco let along in the centre of the city. The staff were extremely helpful and it has two internet terminals in the lobby. Ok its not the Hilton (and I have stayed in worse Hilton's - Brighton for one) but I cant understand why it seems to have got so many bad write ups here. If you are looking for flashy rooms with room service then this is not for you. If you want a clean basic room in the city centre very cheap then I would highly recommend it.	
Jul 12 2004	Damp and Smelly	This was my third trip to the states, and my first to California. Based on my previous few trips I was expecting the room at the Grant Plaza to be adequate in size, clean and basic. It was tiny, dirty, smelly, and loud. The curtains didn't close properly, and the maids insisted on leaving the windows open after cleaning the room, despite the fire escape just outside and our stuff lying around in the room.The best thing about it is the location, very close to Union Square and on the edge of chinatown.I'm not sure how this compares to other hotels in SF in the same price bracket, as I have only stayed here, but I wish we'd stayed somewhere slightly more expensive or further afield, it was not a nice hotel.I'm not a naturally negative person and I have tried to find the positives!	
Jun 24 2004	Good price Good hotel	We heard good things about Grant Plaza however we accidentally booked at Grant Hotel (Two very different Hotels). Once we realized our error we checked out of Grant Hotel and into Grant Plaza, located inside Chinatown. Grant Plaza was clean, the staff was competant yet the rooms were small. We lived is several hotels before buying a home in the Bay area, I can say a lot of hotel rooms are small unless you pay more. We were satisfied with The Grant Plaza and recommend it to those who want to be inside Chinatown and fairly close to Union Square. Its really good for the price you pay.NOTE: Some of these reviews sound like Grant Hotel which was not nice.	
Jun 22 2004	It was fine	We stayed there about 2 years ago. We had 2 rooms. Our kids had a huge room at the corner. We had a small one but it was adequate. Nice area, pleasent staff, decent value. I would stay there again.	
May 29 2004	Beware: Deceptive Advertising Hurts!	This hotel is by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in my whole life. I felt like I was in some Chevy Chase Vacation movie. Things just kept getting worse and worse. I booked the room on Hotels, it was rated at 3 starts (mysteriously it is at 2 now...) and I spent over $100 a night and was very disapointed. The other people I went to San Francisco with all got nicer rooms for about two-thirds the price. They booked their rooms on other leading travel websites (I won't mention which, shop around) but they got rooms at the Sir Francis Drake for about 70 bucks and the rooms there are very, very nice. In fact if I had just walked into the Holiday Inn on Friday night I could have gotten a nice and decent room for under $80. I've seen other reviews where they got a room at Grant Plaza for under $40 per night, I wouldn't feel so extremely ripped off if I had gotten to pay that much.Here is a numbered list of the reasons why I was dissatisfied with my room at the Grant Plaza, please read them all so you know what you are getting into before you book a room here. 1) The pictures of the exterior of the hotel on Expedia, Hotels, etc. are very misleading. The hotel does not look anything like the pictures in my opinion. In fact I suspect the pictures to be doctored since there is not even cable car line that runs in front of the hotel as you are lead to believe. 2) The pictures of the rooms look absolutely nothing like the room I got. When I opened the door it practically hit the bed, try to imagine the stunned look on my face as I dropped my bags. In the center of the room was a double size bed and there is approximately 2 feet around the bed get from the front door to the bathroom... and that's it! The closet only took up what precious space we had to move around and the bathroom was very tiny. I'm not sure how me and my girlfriend we able to pull it off without one of us standing out in the hallway while the other got ready. I estimate the room to be 9 feet by 9 feet.3) The night staff was very rude. Whenever my girlfriend asked him a question he pretended like she did not exist. He would turn to me and answer her questions as though I was the only person standing there. Very bizzare! 4) The elevator ride felt very dangerous, I only rode it once, I took the stairs to the fifth floor for the rest of my stay, even when I carried all my bags down to check out. Ominous signs are posted all over the place to never occupy the elevator with more than 4 people. The elevator was also very loud, God help your soul if you get stuck with a room near the elevator, you won't be getting any sleep.5) No alarm clock. I woke up every 5 minutes to look at my watch to make sure I didn't wake up late. Exhausting!! 6) Bar soap and mini bottles of shampoo are NOT provided... What you get is a kind of soap dispenser commonly seen in gas station bathrooms. It's only saving grace is that it is labeled &quot;Euro-Bath.&quot; Good thing I bring my own soap and shampoo. 7) The towels smelled like mildew. Yes mildew. I felt so clean, fresh, and ready to face the world, yessiree. I could detect the faint aroma of mildew on myself all day long.8) There was a newer TV, but get this, no cable television. Every Motel 6 I see has a sign up that says they have cable and HBO and whatnot... I guess cable is too expensive a luxury when you charge your guests only $100+ a night. 9) The walls are paper thin. When somebody walks past in the hallway you can hear 100% of their conversation, and they can hear 100% of yours. Also, all traffic noise, construction noise, and even the guy talking to himself on the corner down the street sound like they are all originating from inside your room. Kinda like those &quot;Nature Sounds to Relax to&quot; CDs... only not. The traffic noise continues at all hours of the night with race car drivers peeling out and ambulances screaming by. Nearly impossible to sleep, and I'm a heavy sleeper. I plainly heard the couple next door having raucous sex, normally voyeurism is fun, but not when your eyes are bloodshot from lack of sleep.10) No air conditioning. The only way to cool down is to open the window, and that only opens 2 and a half inches. I wanted to go to San Francisco, not Louisiana. 11) The floors creak, and they creak loudly. The people in the room above us were not having a crazy party (we could tell) but whenever they moved it sounded like the roof was going to cave in on us. 11) The shower in the bathroom is so small that when to turn around to get your back wet you are likely to hit the shower lever which moves very easily and scald yourself with hot water. 12) The view from my room was a nasty brick wall. 13) The lighting in the room was very dim. 14) The toilet just barely flushes. 15) No iron, I had to take my shirt to a drycleaner to get pressed.16) No coffeemaker17) No breakfast18) Parking was 17.50 per night and two blocks away. 19) The bathrooms were NOT remodeled like the website says.20) The room was in dire need of repairs, touch up paint, and not to mention a WORKING SMOKE DETECTOR!!Maybe the rooms on the top floor are nice (from outside I noticed larger windows up there with a jealous twinge) but you are really rolling the dice. I also have no way to know if the upper levels are available on any kind of regular basis.I wish I had taken a picture of the room to share with all of you, but the thought of photographing something so vile never occurred to me. Some of other reviews you might read make it sound like Grant Plaza is the promised land for travelers, but those people probably paid between $20 and $40 a night, which is fitting for a hotel of this kind. The only memorable part of my stay at the Grant Plaza was the easy access to the fire escape through a rickety doorway at the end of the hall. It felt adventurous to hang out 50+ feet above the street on a metal platform and watch the days business pass beneath you.Whew, I almost feel better now. 	
May 22 2004	It Doesn't Get Any Worse Than This	I went on expedia to book this hotel, and they deserve an award.....for decepting people using bogus pictures. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The tiny rooms do not have air conditioning thus forcing you to open the windows and allowing the smell of rank to enter your room. The bathrooms were tiny as well. If you need an alarm clock to wake you up the next morning then you are SOL. The lamps in the room will cooperate with you 50% of the time. The hotel's location was advertised as being at the gateway to chinatown. The truth is you are already one block inside chinatown! If you insist on staying here anyway be prepard to walk up stairs to your room because their crappy elevator was not in service for the most part. Get this- after I checked in I walked around town shortly. When I returned to my awful room, I found that all the lights were turned off even though they were left on when I left. Apparantly housekeeping decided they wanted to walk inside and snoop. They had no reason being in there-my room was already clean when I checked in. Sounds suspicious to me. I was in the elevator one night, when it was working, and the guy next to me asked me what I thought about this place. I told him what I thought and he agreed wholeheartedly. Do yourself a favor and fork out a little bit more cash to stay at a more decent hotel. Trust me, you'll be glad you did.	
May 7 2004	Stay away	Myself and a friend stayed here at the end of March, never again. We had booked for 4 nights but booked out early as the maximum hours of sleep we had was 4 hours. The walls are paper thin so you can hear everything next door and the majority of the people staying are Chinese. Every morning at 4.30 we could here next door phoning home and were kept away by the people upstairs until 3.00 in the morning. Bathroom and bedroom was cramped and needed lots of repairs. The rooms are nothing like on their website. My friend who is a heavy sleeper was still kept awake!	
Feb 24 2004	Small room but inside Chinatown.	Believe accomodations were reasonable for the price and vicinity. Located just inside the Chinatown gates. Room is definitely maximized. Parking is arranged with adjacent garages. Front door has nighttime curfew which is overcome by presentation of room key. Would consider staying again for vicinity. Recommend for singles or couples. It's a Chinatown walking adventure!	
Dec 29 2003	Never again!	I made the mistake of booking 2 nights at the Grant Plaza. Never again! The photos you see are deceptive. The non-smoking floor reeks of smoke; smoke detector cover was hanging from the ceiling; window pane in small, dirty bathroom was loose enough you could have removed it from the window (had to stuff tissue in it to keep out the air); lamp worked sometimes; tv remote was held together with masking tape. Changed hotels after only one night. Truly the most unpleasant experience I've ever had.	
Oct 6 2003	Pay a bit more stay somewhere else..		
Oct 1 2003	Grant Plaza Hotel is a great deal!		
Sep 5 2003	below average!		
Jul 31 2003	Unsatisfied		
Jul 30 2003	Ok but Small!		
Jul 14 2003	Depends on what you want		
May 15 2003	Great Bargain Find		
May 5 2003	Best Bargin in S.F.		
Feb 17 2003	Single Room Ratsnest		
Feb 5 2003	Safer Neighborhood in San Francisco		
Oct 28 2009 	Solo me gustó la ubicación		
May 19 2009 	Ottima posizione		
May 10 2009 	Hotel très moyen		
Mar 20 2009	Nettes Hotel freundlicher Service gute Lage		
Jan 10 2009	literie très confortable dans hotel simple très bien situé		
Nov 26 2008 	Dunkel Klein schäbig spartanisch schlechteste Unterkunft auf unsere Reise		
Sep 11 2008 	??????		
Aug 31 2008 	peor que una pensión		
May 26 2008 	Super Lage zu einem tollen Preis		
Dec 9 2007 	Mamma mia ...		
Dec 8 2007 	Relación precio-calidad ok		
Jul 17 2006	Dreckig und laut! Finger weg! Jede Jugendherberge ist besser. Schade ums Geld		
