Nov 4 2009 	Great hotel great location great times!	I stayed in one of Hotel Griffon's suites, and the view took my breath away. I arrived after a long, stressful day of travelling and seeing the view of the Bay Bridge lit up at night literally turned my frown upside down! After showering and using their eco-friendly products (big plus!) I stepped outside and realized I was walking distance to many popular San Francisco attractions: Chinatown, Little Italy, the Embarcadero, Fisherman's Wharf/Ghiradelli Square and the Financial District... just to name a few. Plus, the staff was friendly and their complimentary breakfast was perfect! I would stay here again in a second!	
Nov 4 2009 	Fabulous time with my girlfriends in an amazing hotel!!	This was my first time staying at Hotel Griffon and it definitely won't be the last. We were greeted by an incredibly nice front desk staff upon check in. They were so personable and gave us directions to pretty much everywhere. I stayed in a suite with a few of my girlfriends to celebrate a birthday and it was the perfect size for us to all get ready each night. We had the most amazing view of the bay and it was such a quick walk to bart. The lobby was so classy and everything felt so clean. The continental breakfast was also a nice treat in the mornings. We all had such a wonderful time in the city and we owe most of it to Hotel Griffon. I hardly ever write reviews but this was such a great experience I just had to! Definitely recommended for romantic getaways and groups of friends.	
Nov 2 2009 	Breathtaking View and Overall Great Experience	I fell in love with Hotel Griffon the moment I got into the suite. Our room overlooked Embarcadero and the Bay Bridge was popping against the blue sky. I went to the window which fully opened and saw two parrots (I swear they were parrots) fly by and could hear them squawk. It was truly a very special moment. The staff was very friendly while we were there and they had a good breakfast available the next day. You can tell that they get a lot of international travelers because they had real yogurt. I give Hotel Griffon a 5 start rating for sure.	
Oct 19 2009 	Small Room with a View. Of a Brick Wall	The Griffon is a small boutique hotel in a great location in San Francisco. If you're into small boutique hotels, you might really like this place, but it's not for me. The rooms are exceptionally small, and mine afforded a view of a brick wall. My closet had exactly four clothes hangers. The fuzzy TV had surprisingly limited channel selections (e.g. I couldn't find CNN or CNBC. Air conditioning was weak, and the slow elevator can really only accommodate two people with luggage.On the plus side, everyone was quite friendly, and the location is great. So, if you're only in town for one night, this would be an ok place to land. But, if you're going to be here for a few days, the walls could start to close in on you.	
Oct 13 2009 	1/2 a Room at Twice the Price	I have never written a review on TripAdvisor before but after staying at this hotel, I thought I should. I have travelled for many years to many countries and I always judge a hotel for what I get for my money. I paid $309 a night (plus taxes) for the smallest hotel room that I have ever stayed in in North America. The room had a double bed and there was just enough room to walk around it and that was the entire room. The sink was in the room and the bathroom consisted of a toilet and very small bathtub. The television was hung from the ceiling because there was not enough wall space for it. If you like character then this hotel has plenty of it. The floor slopped so much from door to window (that looked at a brick wall 5 feet away) that it actually made me feel a bit dizzy, like a slopping floor at a carnival fun house. I estimate the floor must have had a good 9 inches of slope across its 9 foot width. I checked the map on the back of the door that showed the room layout for all the rooms on my floor. Of the 18 rooms, 2 had a view of the water, 2 had a view of the back street, 2 were next to either the elevator or stairs and 4 were the very tiny ones like I had. If you don't have a view of the water or the back street then you will not get a view unless you count looking at a brick wall 5 feet away in the fire escape.When I checked into this hotel they made me initial a form saying that they would charge me $50 a night for every night that I left early. That should have been a strong clue that something was amiss. I have only ever been asked that once before and it was at a place that I did want to leave early.San Francisco is not a cheap place to stay but this has got to be one of the worst value-for-money hotels in the city. I will never stay there again.	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent location Great Service Super-fast Wi-Fi	Hotel Griffon is located in one of the most accessible places of the city. It's just near the Bay Bridge, so you can take a leisured walk next to the bay.Second thing, I loved - The internet! I was on a business trip, so working from my hotel was unavoidable. I'm grateful that the internet was reliable and super fast.What I loved the most about the hotel is the front desk - I was there in a bad scenario. I had a Maestro card, which wasn't one of the common forms of debit cards in the US. They had a policy of not accepting cash. But, there was this person called Marjorie who checked with her boss (late night that was!) and checked me in with a cash payment. Also, I had a complaint about the clock in my room that two frontdesk helpers totally forgot about, but Marjorie was swift in getting that fixed! Thanks! :)Also, they have good tie-ups with local tour companies. I had a good city tour of SF through the hotel.The room was decent enough for a single occupancy. I liked the interiors.What disappointed me was the complimentary cab service in the mornings. They can't accommodate cab requests for many people at a time. So, that's something you can't rely upon.	
Sep 21 2009 	What a Great Weekend!	Great location, great style, and great views. The hotel staff was very accommodating, but the reason I gave the service 4 and not 5 stars is because the service in the restaurant (Perry's) was awful! However there are plenty of other fabulous places to eat near by, so avoid Perry's and you will have a great stay!	
Aug 8 2009 	Good spot for a trip to SF	Nice place that has also the necessary stuff and friendly smilly staff. It's a good location in SF for must things, though in the evening it can be slightly dead area. Luckily with the subway close by it is not really an issue. Small rooms and a bit in a need of a renovation, but clean and welcoming.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Choice For The Business Traveler	I stayed at this hotel for two nights during a business trip. The location is very good. It is near the Ferry Building on The Emabarcadero. The &quot;F-Line&quot; Street Car takes you easily to Fisherman's Wharf. The hotel has charming character. The room was small, but comfortable for a short stay. The king bed was very comfortable. The room amenities were excellent. The hotel is very environmentally GREEN friendly. The hotel staff were exceptionally professional, friendly, helpful and courteous. There is valet parking and the fee was discounted for a hybrid car. The hotel lobby has a WiFi hot spot and I was able to work on my laptop for several hours with no connection issues. I was not able to get a wireless connection from my room. There are also two free access computer stations in the lobby.There is a Lincoln Towncar service on site, it costs more than a taxi, but the additional expense provided very prompt, clean and friendly transportation service. It was about $45 to the airport and the tip is NOT included. The room rate includes continental breakfast in a restaurant next door to the hotel. This arrangement is OK, but I did not find the server to be as friendly and helpful as the hotel staff are. The server did not acknowledge me upon my arrival and I had to ask for what was else was available from the kitchen - eggs, etc. knowing that there was an additional charge for anything beyond the continental breakfast. He appeared to be annoyed that he was interrupted during his morning set-up tasks. If this one person cannot set-up and provide service to customers, then the restaurant should add another person to help.	
Jul 30 2009 	Nice location average rooms	Great location on the Embarcadero and easy walking distance to numerous great places.That being said, the room I was given was quite average. The bathroom was small (sink and vanity were actually outside of the bathroom facing the bed). Bonus: the room did have a flat-screen TV, and internet access was included in the daily room rate.The only window in the room faced onto a tiny interior courtyard - if you can call it that - it was very dark. There's only a single, small elevator serving the entire hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	The Hotel Griffon is a charming boutique hotel.	The Hotel Griffon is a lovely place to stay when visiting San Francisco. Located on the Embarcadero, it provides a panoramic view of the Bay. There is a lively restaurant/bar located next to the lobby, where people meet in the late afternoon. The location of the hotel is especially suited for people who like to walk, jog, or bike along the waterway. We took a long walk all the way down to Fisherman's Wharf from the hotel. It was delightful! Also, there are excellent restaurants just steps from the hotel, and of course, all the famous places of San Francisco are at your doorstep.Our room was cozy and perfect for us. It had the feeling of a European hotel. The large bed was ultra comfortable and we appreciated the room's refrigerator where we were able to keep a leftover salad. Also, it was surprisingly quiet, even though it overlooks San Francisco Bay. We slept very well.The staff was very friendly and accommodating. In short, we highly recommend the hotel Griffon for a place to stay when visiting San Francisco.	
Jul 4 2009 	Customer focus? No thank you	Horrible experience with Travelocity. Reserved 3 night. When arrived at hotel reception they had canceled my reservation same day. No previous notice. My credit card charged and had no reservation. Talking to them. Sorry, sorry, waist of time. Will refund my money. Just avoid Travelocity. Hotel Griffon contribution. Offering me just one night in an smaller room for a higher price. I was touch. What a customer focus, what a wiliness to help. No thanks. When at test people show their real style.	
Jul 1 2009 	Not quite what we expected.	The staff was very warm and welcoming, and the location was ideal for our trip. A few issues with the room, nicely decorated but not well thought out in terms of function. The can light above the sink gave excellent exposure to the top of my head. That in combination with the mirror witch was almost above the sink made it impossible to shave. The television received only local stations with tolerable quality. Lastly, the ventilation was bad. The air supplied was air conditioned, so either cold or suffocated.	
Jun 17 2009 	Good Location - Nice Hotel	Good hotel stay - rooms are quite nice and up to date. Hotel has a lot of character to it. Very centrally located in S.F. Close to restaurants and was only a 20-25 min walk to either the ball park or Pier 39. Hotel was good value for the money. Parking was expensive but not much you can do about that as parking seems to be expensive everywhere in the city. Unfortunately our room had a view of the back alley fire escape, but the room itself was nice. The restaurant downstairs (Perry's) was pretty good. It served a decent continental breakfast. Has a nice view of the Embarcadero. Hotel also provided complimentary internet usage. One negative is that the bellhop service was a somewhat chaotic. Eventually had to go downstairs and bring my own bags up to the room as I was tired of waiting. Overall, it was a good stay	
May 26 2009 	More than expected	This is a nice hotel with a boutique style. My wife and I got a top room with a view of the bay and the Bay Bridge. The room was very nice and clean. The location was great because it is right on the water (The Embarcadero) which allowed us to walk the water front one day, catch the ferry, and then walk to Union Square the next day. Some part of the hotel was under some renovation at the time, but I could tell they were doing some very nice things to make the place even better. Also, there is a nice restaurant downstairs where we would get a nice breakfast before starting are walking tour around the city. I would recommend to anyone looking for a nice place to stay with personal service.	
Apr 9 2009 	Used to love it but now I don't	Years ago, my partner and I stayed here during our wedding weekend. We loved it. So, in a return trip to SF for work, we stayed there. I think if we had gotten a bigger room and not gone for the great discount we may not have been so disappointed. But, basically, we got woken up at 4 AM by loud revelers (coming up from the bar to their room), the parking is still outrageous ($44/night), the staff always seemed overwhelmed, etc. Our small room was always too hot (nothing they could do, just bad design: a heat lamp in the bathroom was the only adequate light, the window didn't open), and the blankets were always slipping off the bed. So, despite the large flat screen, fridge in room, nice toiletries, decent shower, etc. I don't think we'll stay here again. Too many other options in SF to warrant it.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great service location and value.	I have stayed at the Griffon on several occasions and have always had a pleasant experience. The greatest asset of the hotel is it's location. You are right next to the Embarcadero and can easily walk to the Ferry building and several great restaurants and bars in the area. Perry's, located right inside the Griffon, is an attraction itself. When I leave the hotel in the evening I often find a line of people waiting to be seated. I have only had breakfast and happy hour at Perry's, but I'm looking forward to eating there sometime.The service at the hotel has been very good every time I've stayed. The rooms are not the biggest, but they are fine for my purposes, and tastefully decorated with a flat screen t.v. I have stayed in a suite once, and that was very nice.Overall, this is a great hotel for the price and will provide a very enjoyable stay.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Hotel in Perfect Location	I took my girlfriend in to the city for a quiet 4 day weekend to celebrate by return to the Bay Area from 10 years in the Army. A friend hooked me up with the Griffon, and it was the perfect place to stay. It had been a long time since I spent any time in SF and I remembered that neighborhood as being baron and not so fun. Turns out that the Griffon is in the center of a rebuilt hot-spot on the eastern side of the city. Quick walk to the ball park, nightlife and down town. The Hotel it self is small and not very assuming, but what it lacks in size it make up for in comfort and design. The rooms are small (as most city hotels are), but it was excellently designed and functional. Exposed brick and a great layout made it feel like I was in a much larger room. My stay was extremely comfortable and quiet and the staff went out of there way to point out cool places to visit in the area. Now that I live in DC, and travel to NY on business frequently, I stay in tones of boutique hotels. Few of the ones I've stayed in had the comfort and the quality that I had at the Griffon.	
Mar 19 2009 	great weekend get-away	We were very pleased with our stay at the Hotel Griffon. The property and neighborhood were charming. They call the area Restaurant Row because of the many top rated restaurants nearby. I do not know why they settled for Perry's - YUCK!!! Cheap food as well as cheap service. They say, &quot;You get what you paid for.&quot; The hotel in itself was as elegant as the pictures are shown in their websites. The front desk staff was amazingly attentive. I returned late during my nights out on the weekends and still was greeted by the most friendliest night staff, Phillip.I highly recommend the hotel but unfortunately do not recommend the CHEAP restaurant. Breakfast service was horrible.	
Mar 17 2009 	Wonderful Rooms - ours had a view of the bay and bridge	We had a wonderfully modern room with a flat screen TV. Staff was great, great bar and resturant downstairs. The location is really close to downtown SF and all attractions.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Embarcadero Location....lots of things to do in surrounding area.	I booked this trip on cheaprooms.com and was impressed with the Hotel. This is centrally located to the Ferry Bldg (which has a great farmer's market if you visit on saturday), BART, F-train, lots of restaurants. The staff was very nice (especially Daniel - Asst Front Office Mgr) and offered good places to eat and visit during our short 2-day visit to town. The room was very nice and clean and was perfect for our needs. They offer free wi-fi in room and even have computers in the lobby to use if you don't bring your own. The continential breakfast buffet has more options than most hotels, which was good. Would definately stay here again next time in town.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great location	Very clean and quiet. The staff was over the top. The bed was super comfortable.	
Mar 12 2009 	Excellent Service and a Hotel with Great Carachter	The valet was extremely helpful (even offering to go down to a corner market to pick up cigarettes for my boyfriend!). The front desk had our reservation ready and even helped us make reservations at the restaurant in the lobby (Perry's - excellent food and drinks!). Our room was beautifully decorated and very clean with flat screen tv and every amenity we could possibly need. Great location in downtown SF right on the water. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great time in San Francisco	Asa former pianist at San Francisco's Stanford Court Hotel for 13 years, (the only Mobil five star hotel in the city), I am no stranger to recognizing excellence in service. If Jim Nassikas, the founder of the Stanford Court, had experienced what my wife and I experienced at the Griffon, he would have been proud indeed! In every aspect of service, convenience, and amenities, the Griffon is a hotel to be recognized and praised. Particular kudos go to Austin Phillips, but the staff in general is to be highly commended. We're already looking forward to our next romantic weekend in the city, staying at the Hotel Griffon.	
Mar 10 2009 	Refined Sophistication at its Best!	My wife and I had the pleasure of spending 3 nights at the Hotel Griffon in late December and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff/service were welcoming, attentive and displayed exemplary customer service. Our room, a suite on the top floor over looking the San Francisco Bay, allowed for more comforts and amenities than we could have hoped for. The view was worth every penny! In the evening we would retreat to Perry's Restaurant &amp; Bar downstairs and sip Martini's while people watching along the Embarcadero. Need I say more?What an experience. Thank you one and all.Cheers, The Butlers	
Mar 10 2009 	Relaxing and Soothing	The staff was great and my stay exceeded my expectations. I would definitely return to The Hotel Griffon and recommend it to friends and families	
Mar 10 2009 	Great location friendly staff and comfy rooms!	I have stayed at this hotel several times and am always very pleased with the rooms and the staff. The rooms are comfortable (the beds rock) and I have been fortunate enough to stay in a room with the view of the Bay Bridge. It's right across the street from the ferry bldg as well so it's in a great location for a quick get away.I will stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Mar 9 2009 	Nice hotel overall with excellent location	We were in San Francisco visiting friends this weekend and stayed at the Hotel Griffon for two nights. Our rate was excellent ($119 a night), with free breakfast, and we got a $25 VISA gift card for each night we stayed as a part of their &quot;stimulus package&quot;. The room was small but clean, I liked that the TV was mounted on the wall opposite the bed. The bed was very comfy and I appreciated that they even changed the clock in the room for the &quot;spring forward&quot; this weekend. Staff was friendly. However, the TV feed was terrible so every channel was fuzzy and the shower had several problems including very low water pressure, a lack of really hot water, and a drainage issue that had my husband standing in water up to his ankles when showering. Overall it was a good place to stay and is within walking distance of lots of fun stuff.	
Feb 26 2009 	A good hotel in a great location	This small hotel is located within walking distance to the Ferry Building, BART and very good restaurants. Rooms are small, but clean. I got a rate of $169 by calling the hotel, less expensive than over the Web. Continental breakfast is free at Perry's in their lobby. You can take the nearby BART to/from Oakland and SFO airports, walk to the Ferry Bldg and the farmer's market, and take the ferry to go to Sausalito and Larkspur.	
Feb 25 2009 	glad we found the Griffon!	Stayed there for 2 nights this month and really liked the place. Stylish but not over the top. It was extremely clean, which is very important to me as i have severe allergies to dust. Front desk was solicitous and helpful, got good directions from the bellman/valet. I had the King room and did not find it too small. Bed was very comfortable. I was most impressed because my room was right next to the elevator but it wasn't loud at all. The wireless connection actually worked smoothly, unlike lots of other hotels with free wireless. Very convenient to the Bay Bridge and local transportation. The Griffon has a local bar/restaurant chain called Perry's in the lobby, which was crowded with people at lunch, happy hour and dinner, unlike other hotel restaurants. Parking is pricey though--$40 with tax.	
Feb 5 2009 	Nice boutique hotel	Got a good rate with Travel Ticker that included free valet parking (although it was necessary to point this fact out on both check in and check out). That said we were warmly welcomed and given a small but beautifully furnished room that contained everything that you could wish for. We were staying for just the one night but found the location just right. The Embarcadero was just across the street and the walk down the Piers was very enjoyable - although it took 40mins to get to Pier 39. Returning late in the evening chef was stiff OK to put a bar meal together. The free to use Internet terminal in the lobby was a bonus as was the first class buffet continental breakfast. I would recommend this hotel	
Sep 30 2008 	Off the beaten path	Pros:- Clean and cozy- Great front desk staff- On-site bar/restaurant- Location virtually on the Embarcadero and within walking distance to at least half a dozen restaurants.Cons:- The rooms can be a bit cozy for two people- The sink is in front of the bedI stayed at this hotel on the suggestion of a co-worker for a business trip. It's location makes it a great place to stay as you can walk to the Embarcadero at night and walk off to Market during the day where there's plenty of other things to see and do.The bar/restaurant on site was closed for remodeling when I visited but my co-worker says that it's a great place to lounge around so I thought I'd share his insights.	
Aug 13 2008 	Wonderful Boutique Hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Griffon because I was attending a conference at a near by hotel and that hotel had been fully booked. How happy I am that I was able to stay at the Griffon instead! The Griffon offered such polite and personal attention, unlike the other larger chain hotel at which the conference was held. Immediately upon registering, I was warmly greeted by the desk clerk who knew all about my state's crazy NFL quarterback situation. It set the tone for the kind of service I received thoughout my entire stay. The rooms were small, but appointed with lovely furnishings. The breakfast provided in the morning afforded a great light start for the day without having to get out of my PJs too early. I was not able to eat at the restaurant because it was under renovation, but I had no problem with construction noise. One note-be prepared for the tiny elevator. It can get very cozy with two or three people riding. The robes provided in the rooms could be a little nicer, too, but just the fact that they were there was a nice feature.Overall, this hotel was well located, had a very caring staff ,and was more than comfortable. They also offer free wifi internet in the rooms, which I find to be a real ammenity in the pay-per-day world of many hotels. I would not hesitate to return to the Hotel Griffon, and would reccommend it to anyone looking for a quiet spot in the heart of San Francisco.	
Aug 11 2008	Avoid -- does not honor reservations	I certainly echo the other comments about the lack of customer service and the unprofessional front desk. This hotel persistently does not honor confirmed reservations and attempts to send those customers that it turns away to substandard hotels such as the Hotel Fitzgerald. In addition, its personnel falsely claimed that there were no other hotels available in San Francisco when Hotels.com was able after a perfunctory search to locate a number of available rooms in the area.	
Aug 7 2008 	Very small rooms great location perfect for a quick stay	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a day and we had a great time. The restaurant was under renovation so we heard a little bit of construction in the morning. Rooms are tiny, but do the trick if you don't plan on spending much time in them. Very nice mounted flat screen tv. Location was awesome, right next to MUNI, BART, etc. About 1.3 miles of Pier 39.Parking is valet only, 40 bucks a night.Overall, great if you're looking for a place to sleep at night.	
Jul 31 2008 	Awful service and horrible guestrooms!	Me and my wife stayed here as it looked nice on website and appeared to be in good area and were advertising a good deal for a room with Bay view. Ok. Well, upon arrival desk staff treated us like dirt, manager argued with us and also expedia rep, and refused to give us the room we had paid for. They were so awful, I have never seen something like it before - absolutely awful staff at front desk, including the manager. They finally gave us our room after waiting, arguing and having to go through a humiliating experience in the lobby. The guestroom was small and not very nice, and there is lots of noise from the street. Please do not stay here, they do not deserve to be in business in such a nice city like San Francisco. I hope they go out of business. Do not stay here, you will hate it.	
Jul 24 2008 	Avoid the Griffon	If you are looking for spacious rooms and top-notch customer service, I'm sure there are plenty of places to stay in San Francisco. Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.On the good side - the location is excellent - with TONS of things within walking distance. The bellmen were very helpful and always willing to answer questions. Unfortunately, the front desk is a mess. Customer service is not the priority at Hotel Griffon. Late checkins seemed to be quite common there, so don't expect to check in at 3:00, as advertised. Also, when they fill up they will change the room rate. Although we had reservations at $200/night, they charged us $270 for one of the nights because they filled up. It took several minutes of arguing with the manager to get this reversed. If you are a light sleeper, this is not the place for you either. You will hear every single thing going on in the hall and every door slam. The view from our window was terrible (I posted a picture).Its really a shame, because this could be a great place to stay. I wish I had read more reviews before we booked there.	
May 19 2008 	Terrible Desk Staff 	I made a reservation a month in advance through the hotel's website and pre-paid for a suite with patio. When I arrived at the hotel, the desk clerk had me sign the paperwork and THEN told me there was not a suite for me due to an error in their reservation system. He said the manager left a note authorizing me to get a regular room at a discount -- $40 off the full rack rate. The desk clerk was not at all apologetic for their error, and when I asked to speak to the manager she was also unapologetic. I felt I had been given a &quot;bait and switch&quot; by the hotel, and since they already had my money I could not take my business elsewhere. When I finally got the manager to begrudgingly allow me a room for more of a discount (still only $85 off the rack rate), I had to argue with her to get her to issue me a refund of the money I had already paid. She insisted she would be on duty in the morning and would give me my refund when I checked out. I persisted in requesting it be given to me right then. When she finally relented it took her nearly 15 minutes to process it. I found this insulting -- if I had requested an upgrade and was paying for it, they certainly would have run the charge immediately and quickly. The room was ok, but seemed to be 1/4 the size of the suite I had booked. To cap it all off, the difficulty checking in and the feet dragging by the manager made me late and I missed one of the performers I had been looking forward to seeing at the concert I went to that evening. The rooms themselves are decent enough, but the &quot;service&quot; here is beyond horrible.	
Mar 18 2008 	Great stay	The staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. The room was small but really cozy and comfortable, and very quiet. The location is great, right across from the Ferry Market Building, and interesting restaurants. I had a great time, and am planning to go back soon.	
Mar 16 2008 	Surprisingly Nice	I stayed at the Hotel Griffon during a recent weekend catching up with some college friends. I booked after careful consideration of the reviews, and also because I was able to secure a great price. Think I paid 100 dollars. I arrived in a rainstorm, and was warmly and professionally greeted, and welcomed to my room 416. The hotel has a boutique feel without the boutique price, and the rooms are small but well-appointed. It's perfect for one person, to luxuriate. The rooms have earthtone schemes, an abundance of fabric but not too fussy at all. The wall-mounted plasma screen was cool. As was the silky, clean robes. I also enjoyed the many complimentary sundry items such as the Aveda products, and Wolfgang Puck coffee. Basically, I just hung out watching TV and drinking hot coffee, and it felt great, a nice antidote to being out in the City. Previous posters have mentioned the dim lighting'; there are multiple lighting sources in the room that overall illuminate the room's sexy/intimate character. It's dim/sexy not dim/dingy. I didn't feel as though the hotel was hiding any flaws using this lighting plan. The rooms are extremely clean and are fragrance-free. Note room 418 faces the Bay, and Bay Bridge and seems especially romantic. The hotel only has five stories btw. 418 may be a junior suite or what not but may be worth the additional expense if traveling with a spouse or companion and wanting to wow and luxuriate. I will definitely stay at the Griffon again when my plans take me North.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great place to stay	Stayed for a recent business trip, just needed a nice, comfortable place to stay in town. Been to SF many times, downtown hotels are usually long on price and short on value. This hotel exceeded my expectations. Room was small but met all my needs. Bed very comfortable, large flat screen TV mounted on the wall. Amenities were plenty, free breakfast bar in the morning offered treats and pretty good coffee. Staff very friendly and accommodating. Great value considering it's right offm arket St. which makes getting anywhere easy. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great!	I arrived at the Hotel Griffon via the airport shuttle and had been flying for quite some time so I was extremely pleased when I went to grab my bags and I was told to just leave them and that they were being taken care of - great service! Check-in was great and I was offered good advice on places to eat in the area. Talk about location! I stayed in SF previously, but at different hotels and wish I would have stumbled upon the Hotel Griffon first. The room is very &quot;quaint,&quot; but for a single traveler, it's just what I need. The bathroom amenities are definitely good quality as well. I've only been here a day so I have yet to try the continental breakfast and haven't ventured around the hotel much. So far so good.	
Feb 27 2008 	Everything I needed except an Internet connection	I stayed a week in January for business after I was unable to book at the Harbor Court. I think I like the Griffon better than either the Harbor Court or Vitale. Harbor Court has the wonderful lobby and fireplace, plus the happy hour. Hotel Vitale has large rooms and great tubs and showers. But I like the Griffon's rooms better than Harbor Court's and I like the ambiance (esp in Jan) of either Harbor Court or Griffon over Vitale. I'd recommend any of the three, though.The good:Location--Embarcadero, Ferry Building, my company's officesRoom--Small but efficient. They emptied the frig for me so I could stock it with my own healthy food and drinks. Soft bed, and I didn't have to ask for extra pillows each night after the first night. Bathroom: Standard room had a sizeable tub. I can't resist walking everywhere in SF, so I needed a good soak at nightBreakfast--You can actually go low-carb with their free buffet. I grabbed coffee and a rolled up cheese/lunchmeat sandwich each morning.YMCA access--I didn't use it this trip, but our corporate rate included free access at the great Y next door. Other rates allow access for a small fee.The not-so-good:Internet--Neither wired nor wireless worked my entire stay. I got a feeble excuse from the front desk that it was the weather. I didn't pursue the issue because I had easy access at the office, but if I hadn't, it would have been a big problem for me. I did resent lugging my laptop on this trip for no reason, though.Lighting--The rooms are designed very efficiently, with all I needed but extra pillows. However, the lighting over the sink was atrocious. I turned on all the lights, and it was still dark. Hopefully, if you're doing makeup, you can bring your own lighted mirror.Room service--Though no different in any other hotel I've stayed at in SF, it really is ridiculous to order a sandwich and drink, and with fee/tip have it cost nearly $30. There are just too many great options close by that are much more delicious and cheaper. I love Mijita in the Ferry Building, plus Yank Sing in the Rincon Center. If you want to spend big bucks, there are plenty of close high-priced restaurants, as well.	
Jan 18 2008 	Two separate stays - one great experience	For a single, female traveller, this hotel truly met my needs with a very central location to all sorts of transport, walking distance to several key sites and easy access to restaurants of all tastes and budgets as well as local atmosphere. After contacting the property direct, I got a better rate for my first two nights, which they extended to a third night three weeks later. My rooms were small, sure, but this was OK for one person. My room had no views, and the window looking out to a small courtyard surrounded by other rooms - no problem, as I got out to enjoy the views! Rooms were well-appointed with a modern decor, large plasma TV, lovely Aveda toiletry products and a large, comfortable bed. Service was friendly, and Kevin and Sam, the porters/concierges, were fantastic. Also located one block from nightly markets, an open ice skating rink around Christmas, great close-up views of the Bay Bridge and also The Ferry Building (an beautifully old restored building which is one of several ferry stops and has various restaurants as well as retail shops for great browsing), it should suit all tastes and budgets. I also enjoyed the close location to the financial district, as I was across the street from a post office and within walking distance to many other services, including banks, an AT&amp;T shop for mobile phone service, a great bagel cafe, Noah's, the BART system (for an easy trip from the airport) and one of the cable lines. The free internet access for hote guests was a bonus, and the continental breakfast was more than just cold croissants and coffee, with healthy options and great service. Finally, on my last day I was not feeling well, and they gladly extended my check-out to 1.00. My bags were later stored in a separate room behind the counter, so I felt they were secure while I explored during the day and came back at 6 pm for my shuttle to the airport. Overall, a great experience.	
Jan 4 2008 	Disappointed--stick with Kimpton!	Greatly disappointed in this small hotel. Compared with other small, boutique hotels in the city (specifically the Kimpton Brand Hotels), this hotel fell far short. The level of service was mediocre. The front desk was the biggest problem--highly unprofessional. Nobody offered luggage assistance, the concierge was never to be seen. We asked for directions and they were all wrong, twice. The first time, the front desk clerk didn't even know their street ends one block from the hotel (he seemed to pretend to be looking at a map). The second time we checked a map to confirm the written directions (we're not fools) and again found they were wrong. We gladly would have traded the cookies for a second bar of soap. It took so long to get a second bar of soap to the room, we just shared the one between the sink and the shower (also not thrilled that the sink/vanity is in the bed area and not the bathroom). All the trappings, little substance.	
Dec 16 2007 	OK would consider again	This hotel is not great, but it is not awful either. My boyfriend and I decided to book a room for one night since we did not want to drive home after a holiday party. The hotel served its purpose, it provided a clean and nice room to stay overnight. I would not consider this hotel if I was on vacation or staying for a longer trip. The rooms are very small and the service is lacking in some areas. We paid $118 for the room which I thought was very reasonable considering the area and the location. Since we were staying overnight, the size of the room and the lack of lighting was ebdurable. However, if I had stayed longer then that I would find the room stifling and a bit sad since the view to our window was of a wall.The location is great because you are close to some great restaurants like Ozumo, Boulevard, and the Ferry Building. If I am ever in the city again and need a place to just sleep I would consider this hotel again since it was inexpensive. It would not be worth it to me to pay more than $120 a night to stay at this hotel.	
Dec 14 2007 	Bait and Switch routine on Hotel Griffon room rates	Classic bait-and-switch. The room rate they charged me was $20/night more than what they &quot;guaranteed&quot; when I made the reservation on their reservations website. I disputed this with the front desk clerk (showing him a copy of the original confirmation), who asserted that he couldn't do anything about it because there was no manager on duty until 8:30 a.m. He &quot;promised&quot; to raise it with the manager, but as he wrote down notes I could see that we was lying and his notes had no resemblance to our discussion.The facilities are pleasant enough, but there were at least two other problems:- the &quot;free wireless internet service&quot; doesn't reach the 3rd floor; and the old T-1 wiring connection has been disabled- Housekeeping isn't particularly thorough--there was a gross stain on the brown bedspread (blood? coffee? semen? mucus?). Yuck.At the originally promised room rate, this might be a good-enough lower end value-for-money hotel within walking distance of the Embarcadero. As it is, I'd suggest that it's unwise to patronize hotels that bait and switch on room rates. On most weeknights and with enough advance planning, the Hyatt Regency down the street has rooms for comparable rates (to the actual higher charged price) that offer more consistent quality if less funky atmosphere.	
Dec 11 2007 	A genuine disappointment	I have just returned from a stay at the Hotel Griffon and I must say it turnd out to be a genuine disappointment. Previously I have stayed in a botique hotel in San Diego, the Bristol managed by the same company and was delighted with everything about the stay. When the opportunity to say at another one of their hotels came up, I was looking forward to it.On the positive side, the location is excellent and the hotel is well maintained and very clean. The staff was accomodating as well.Unfortunately, we needed a hotel with a restaurant and room serivce which were advertised. When we arrived on a Saturday we were informed the restaurant, bar, and room service were closed for a private party. If they e-mailed the confirmation I feel they could have advised us of this inconvenience. We were also advised the restaurant was closed on Sunday, so we had no opportunity to utilize these services. The hotel made no conselatory effort when we expressed our displeasure.The rooms are also tiny....very tiny. Botique hotels very often have small rooms but two adults could barely pass by one another in the room and there was no space to set up a suit case stand. To add to the situation. Many of the rooms open on to a light well that is very tiny so you get no natural light. The rooms are sealed but there are only heating systems so when the room gets warm or stuffy there is no way to draw in cool or fresh air. I can't imagine making a return visit to this or any of thier properities.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great location	We loved being so close to the Ferry building and some great restaurants. The Farmer's Market on Saturday was such a great venue for people watching, not to mention the amazing food. Rooms are very small, and most do not have a view of anything except walls or other windows. The rooms are almost too small for two people because of the lack of storage space for two suitcases. Closet is tiny and there is not a dresser. Lighting is not good and there is not a full length mirror. If you expect a high level of service then this is not the hotel for you. Staff is friendly but not polished. Room maintance and housekeeping are average - visiable defects but no real deal breakers. The breakfast was good with fresh pastries, bagels, juice and cereals. Room decor and public space decor is comfortable.We got a good rate (about $150 a night) and we booked it for the location so we were pleased overall with the value that we received.	
Oct 1 2007 	What a Great Hotel!	ABSOLUTELY LOVED THE HOTEL GRIFFON! Just returned from a lengthy northern California trip and i can say that my stay at the Griffon was the highlight. Yes the rooms are small but this is an old school hotel and the rate was about half of what I found elsewhere. the location is fantastic and the area has tons of great restaurants and bars. FYI, Mexico DF next door serves food until 1am and the Rincon market on the corner of howard and spear has everything you would need food wise to stock your fridge. I would definetly stay here again! Also, take the California street cable car up to Union Square and get a seat at the cafe on the front sidewalk of the Macy's Mens store. Best people watching in San Fran!	
Sep 23 2007	No Room at the Inn	I called and booked the reservation directly as part of a group with PG&amp;E. When I arrived they had me down as a &quot;no show&quot; on the wrong date, and had no other rooms available. My confirmation number was worthless, even though I figured out what happened - I booked on the 17th of Auguest for the 19th of Sept - they put down the 17th of Sept. They told me I could either wait 3 hours and see if there was a cancellation or they would call next door . Ultimately they did make an attempt to help me find another hotel - at over 2 times the Griffon's cost, but when I went back to check on cancellations the man wouldn't even slow down and look at us directly - apparently couldn't be bothered. Said I should have gotten an email confirmation - which I didn't - I checked.Try being in downtown San Francisco, with a Microsoft conference in town and no hotel! I learned a lesson about boutique hotels on this trip - keep with the ones who might possibly have a back up plan , or an alternative property., or a reciprocity arrangement.Our group contact was not surprised I had no email confirmation - that is the norm. I was surprised at the attitude of the gentleman at the desk.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Location	My husband and I stayed here for one night (a Saturday night). The location could not be beat- it was a block and a half from the Embarcadero and ferry buildings. We've been to San Fran a few times before but had never ventured down to this area. The farmers market there on the weekend was amazing and it was fun to spend an hour or two just wandering around, taking it all in. We took a ferry from there to Sausalito for lunch at Horizon's (great food, great atmosphere with outside seating right on the water- was perfect!) and then ate dinner at the Hotel's restaurant- Faz. Great italian food with a view of the Bay Bridge. Very romantic.The hotel room was small, as most boutique rooms are, but clean and nice. The free breakfast was very well done. Everyone there was very nice and helpful. We would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 2 2007 	Great little hotel	Just returned from a 3-day, 2-night stay at the Hotel Griffon. I'd recommend staying in a room towards the back of the hotel on the Embarcadero side. A coworker had a front room and it was loud due to the post office across the street. The room was clean. The sink/vanity are outside of the bathroom and in the actual room itself. Overall the room is smaller than most hotels, however the king-size bed, window seat, and desk probably had something to do with that. The bed was incredibly comfortable. No scratchy sheets or unknown substances on the comforters. Plasma flat-screen TV on the wall - with limited reception. It was a bit warm in the room even with the AC all the way down. I just grabbed the handy little fan from the closet. A comfy bathrobe to wear, Aveda products for the bath, and a bottle of water and cookie every night also hit the spot. Breakfast consisted of cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, fruit cups, breads and cheese and meat platter. Plus coffe, juice, etc. The hotel also offerred appetizers nightly as well. Front desk staff very helpful. Concierge very nice but not very knowledgeable about getting around city.	
May 21 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	I recommend this hotel. The Hotel Griffon is a very nice boutique hotel located in the financial district. The rooms are small, but newly renovated and quite comfortable. The staff was extremely nice and willing to please. There are a lot of very nice restaurants within walking distance, especially Cosmopolitan. The ferry building is around the corner and the bus lines that run up Market to Union Square are within a couple of blocks.The Hotel lowered their on-line price after I had made reservations. When I inquired about getting the new discounted rate they were more than happy to accommodate me.	
May 21 2007 	Great staff and cute (small) room but slow valet	I was travelling alone for business, and the location was perfect. The room was really small (see photos), but that was fine by me as I was travelling alone and didn't spend much time in my room (plus it still felt really cozy). I really liked the exposed brick, and thought they did a good job decorating the room. I had no view (literally looked at a wall), but that was ok. The only time I really noticed the room being small was when room service showed up and I had nowhere to really eat my food!The valet service is really too slow (15 mintues for your car), so leave lots of time for that. But the staff is incredibly friendly.I ate next door at the trendy, crowded Japanese place &quot;Ozumo&quot; and enjoyed the people watching and yummy sushi.	
Apr 29 2007 	Mediocre	The Hotel Griffon is in an excellent location near the Ferry Building. The rates are reasonable ($164 on hotel website). I don't recommend it, however, as there are many nicer hotels in San Francisco. When I arrived after a long drive from southern California, the front desk clerk suggested I go out and park my own car on the street. I had to ask twice for the car to be parked -- I was tired, it was almost midnight and the neighborhood was new to me. There was no bellman, no greeter. The next morning, when 9 a.m. and the end of the complimentary breakfast arrived, the cleaning crew swooped all the food, coffee and hot water away, and took the guests' plates, etc. even though several people were still enjoying coffee with a newspaper, etc. The staff didn't ask if anyone wanted more coffee, or leave the coffee for refills. Very rude. The in room temperature control didn't work, neither did the ice machine. With poor service and an indifferent staff, the incredible location and decent price can't save this hotel from a mediocre rating.	
Nov 15 2006 	SMALL rooms at Hotel Griffon!	Hotel Griffon has a cute charm to it, but I would only stay here again if the price was very low and I was not planning on spending a lot of time in the room. Pros:Cute, historic charm. Nice exposed brick wall in room and great Aveda bath products. Good location, although we usually had to walk a block or two to get a cab. Continental breakfast was nice. Everything appeared very clean. I requested more towels and they were sent up quickly. We were very impressed with all of the staff, including the front desk, in the restaurant, and at breakfast. Cons:Many people said small rooms, which usually dont bother me, but our room was beyond small. I actually felt a little claustrophobic because the window looked out into a very small, dark, dirty brick cave-like hole. There are also very few king beds because many of the rooms are too small to accommodate them. Despite booking months in advance and requesting a king bed multiple times, I could only get a full bed. The rooms must also be all different sizes because I was with other people who paid the same rate and both had slightly larger rooms so you may get the luck of the draw on your room. The sink and mirror in the room was a little strange but at least there was good counter space. The location of the TV mounted on the wall was just too high and awkward. The bed and linens were below average and the pillows were definitely very old, as they were extremely flat. The shower had very low water pressure. In fact, I think the sink faucet had more water flow and pressure than the shower.I was on the third floor, close to the elevator and the stairs, right above the fireplace downstairs and there was a definite smell in the hallway that other people wrote about, but I couldn't smell it in the room. I could however, very clearly hear every word being spoken in the hallway, even when I could tell that people were trying to be quiet. There was also a substantial gap between the door and the floor which let in a lot of light in the night. Lastly, the temperature controls were not very good. Sometimes the room was too hot and sometimes too cold and the basic warm/cool control in the room did very little to change the temperature. Verdict: Hotel Griffon tries very hard, but is average. It is probably better to stay in an upgraded, guaranteed King room with a view, but for those prices I would just stay somewhere else, especially with two people in a room. Don't even think about roll away beds or having kids with you!	
Feb 7 2006 	Can do better in San Francisco	Fine hotel and good location, but tiny rooms that face a brick wall with incredible pigeon screeches beginning at 6am. The room was so small that I had to work sitting on my bed -- the desk was miniscule. The staff was helpful, though it took four tries for them to figure out how to connect to their wireless Internet in their lobby. There are many more interesting hotels in the area -- like the Rex Hotel.	
Feb 2 2006 	Charming	Stayed here in October and really enjoyed it. The room, although extremely small, was clean and charming. Maybe a room with a view might make a difference in staying here again - we had the view of a brick wall. But the location was great!! And it beats staying someplace like the Hyatt.	
Sep 16 2005	Think you could do better	We stayed at the Hotel Griffon for two nights back in March of 2005. Basically, I feel there is nothing wrong with the hotel. It has a certain &quot;charm&quot; because it is an old building. I did notice the sloping floors as I headed towards the elevator, but our room itself did not have a problem. The room was small, but nice, and we did not have any problem with musty smells at all. There is only one major complaint I have regarding this hotel. Although they have indoor parking at a price, it is a good block away and, worse than that, it is the most cramped, horrible, parking environment I have ever encountered in a parking garage. Without maneuvering several different times you cannot get into or out of any of the spaces. That being said, if you don't have a car to park, The Griffon is an okay hotel, but I think you could do better for the money. Try the Petite Auberge and get a fireplace room and a fantastic breakfast, including wine and appetizers in the evening for the same price. And yes, Petite Auberge has valet parking.	
Aug 25 2005	Great location...but	Wouldn't stay here again. We had a harbor view room, the view was great, but the room was incredibly noisy and also incredibly small. Sink in the room, nothing terribly impressive about the room, although the bed was comfy. Carpet was stained, bathroom nothing special. Not surprisingly, the rooms look much better on their web-site. The staff was helpful, the continental breakfast a nice touch, but that is about it! If you like the location the Harbor Court Hotel is next door.	
Aug 6 2005 	Relatively pleasant stay though a bit odd	I stayed at this hotel on business overnight. Overall, I had a nice stay, though this hotel is a bit quirky. I was booked into room 411. This room features a queen size bed and small couch in an L shaped room. There are nice amenities such as bathrobes, nice sheets, nice toiletries.What was odd about this room is that there are some definite settling issues. Somewhat to be expected for an old hotel, but the room noticably slants uphill towards the bed. So much, in fact, that the nightstand and desk drawers do not stay shut. Another oddity is that the television is mounted very high on the wall. It makes for awkward viewing and craning your neck. This room may not be ideal for a longer stay because there is no dresser in the room. If I had to choose between a couch or a dresser, I would have probably picked a dresser because the location of the couch does not allow you to watch television. Oh, and because of the couch, the closet door does not open all the way.There was no iron or ironing board in the room, but when I called for one, it was promptly delivered. Service was quite efficient, and the complimentary continental breakfast was very good.Overall, I had a nice stay. I've had better, had worse. There are plenty of boutique hotels in San Francisco that are much better.	
May 23 2005	Poor service!		
Apr 1 2005 	Bad smells was just the beginning		
Mar 19 2005	Love! Love! Love!		
Jan 6 2005	not that impressed		
Nov 23 2004	Not impressed		
Nov 9 2004	Nice hotel bad room		
Jul 8 2004 	Very clean quiet but lots to do in this clean part of town		
Apr 26 2004	Wonderful view!!		
Aug 23 2003	What a gem		
Aug 23 2009 	Bello Hotel Boutique muy bien situado magnifica atencion		
