Nov 20 2009 	something you have to experience	Stayed two nights in the Phoenix with a group of 40 &quot;business industry friends&quot;.this is a rather different hotel...stayed in the past in hotels like Fairmont, Hungtington etc. and no way you can compare this hotel...it's true that the location isn't the best and probably also not the safest; I would recommend it for solo female travelers that like to do night walks, but I walked a couple of times there and had no problems.apart from that, the neighbourhood was quiet enough to get a decent sleep.the staff is very, very friendly. I checked in at 12 and my room was not ready yet. When I returned in the evening to check-in I got an upgrade to a King Suite.the room is probably more or less the same as when the hotel opened like 20 years ago. So let's call it vintage ;-). It was a large room, had most amenities except for a safe and for an A/C. So I guess on hot summer days, this might be a problem. Wifi is free but in my room (#61) it was sloooooow.there is a really affordable same day was/laundry service.the pool is small but great; they serve a free complimentary break-fast in the morning. (pastries, bagels, juice, coffee and tea, fruit)the bambuddhalounge is impressive and lively.so, it's one of these hotels you just have to try out; ideal for a short stay.	
Nov 19 2009 	An oasis in downtown San Francisco	I fell in love with the place online from the description and the photos. How can you NOT love a &quot;Rock &amp; Roll Hotel?&quot; When I called to make my reservation, the woman whose name I'm sorry I don't remember enthusiastically shared some of the history and appeal of the hotel, which made me really look forward to my stay.Matt &amp; Luke at the front desk were great! They supplied maps (complete with &quot;safe routes,&quot; recommendations for places to go, drink, and eat, and even offered to &quot;valet&quot; our car since the parking lot was full. Very helpful and accommodating, and most importantly, they took pride in sharing their city with us.The rooms are clean and comfortable, and even had a microwave and mini-fridge! And free parking and free wi-fi, too! The courtyard is the star at this hotel, though...the pool, lush greenery, and cabanas set an inviting stage, and we enjoyed eating a nice continental breakfast outside on the heated patio. If you like ginger, you MUST go to the Bambuddha Lounge for the Ginger Snap cocktail - YUMMY! (Ask for it spicy!)I also like that the hotel gives back to the community, and even the nonprofit - H.E.A.R.: Hearing Education and Awareness for Rockers - fits the hotel motif!If you're a light sleeper or bothered by noise...bring some ear plugs, because the Rock &amp; Roll hotel never sleeps!	
Nov 6 2009 	The Phoenix Hotel is the best stay in San Francisco.	Great location and wonderful staff make this the best place in San Francisco. It is also very clean, and they have a nice continental breakfast. Stay here one night and you'll be hooked. We wouldn't stay anywhere else while visiting San Francisco.	
Oct 31 2009 	Rock n Roll hotel with a funky vibe - loved it!	We found this hotel in a rock n roll traveler book. I looked it up online and knew immediately that this is where we wanted to stay on our first trip to SanFrancisco. When we arrived, we were greeted kindly by Luke at the front desk, our room was ready and we walked through the eclectic courtyard with the great pool, plants, and sculptures. Another thing that we really loved is their commitiment to recycling and the green effort. It was evident everywhere and that made us feel good about staying there as well. Luke made a copy of the shows that were at nearby venues for us and we were in our room only for a few minutes when we got a call from him letting us know that there was a secret Weezer show a few blocks away in case we were interested. He sent us to Philz coffee shop a few blocks away - excellent - we returned several times during our stay. The breakfast in the morning was great and unexpected. We loved the eclectic surroundings and this reminded us of one of our favorite hotels in Austin, TX - the Austin Motel - same groovy vibe and fabulous staff and guests every time. We did run into a bit of the grittiness in the neighborhood. We knew about it and had intended to take a cab, but decided to start walking in the direction. We found a cab at just the right time and all could have been avoided if we had done what we originally intended. Things seemed just fine during the day. Just take a cab to and from at night and there will be no problems. If we are lucky enough to return to SanFrancisco again, we would look forward to hangin at the Phoenix once again and will recommend it to our friends who travel there.	
Oct 27 2009 	Rockstar Oasis in the city	After arriving a little early, ok, 3 hours early to check-in, I was still easily and happily accommodated into my standard room within 5 mins...it was the quickest check-in I have experienced yet in a hotel. Walking to the room, it's like you just walked into and island paradise, pool included!!! The room, while somewhat basic in furnishings, accompany the decor to the tee, and makes you feel very comfortably at home. And the staff? Well, they are the just plain amazing!!! I have not experienced a finer staff at a hotel, nor one that creates an atmosphere of happiness...or, &quot;JOY&quot;. This hotel reflects their vision...Joie de Vivre.The neighborhood, although appearing on the rough side, is not, and offers so many great restaurants and shops and culture. Please treat yourself to this great little getaway in the city!	
Oct 19 2009 	Oasis in San Francisco	Booked above hotel did not know what to expect, but got a great surprise, not your usual, loved the area round the pool and breakfast outside in the morning, the rooms where funky, retro design and very comfertable, would have loved to try the resturant but closed for a private party (next time) plenty places to eat, recommend by hotel and staff in reception always helpful, what's not to like about San Francisco!! would recommend above hotel to friends and family, breath of fresh air!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Really cool hotel but terrible terrible area	I loved this hotel. Stayed here for two nights in May when I was in town with friends for a concert. The staff were really friendly, laid back but very helpful. The rooms were spacious and spotlessly clean. The bathrooms were also very clean but could do with some modernisation. The bar by the pool is a great place to relax and have a drink too. The only downside is the area. It's very intimadating and full of prostitutes, drug dealers and homeless people. Thankfully a male friend travelled with me and if he wasn't with me I don't think I would have left the confines of the hotel and ventured out on to the scary Eddy Street!	
Oct 7 2009 	We can't wait to stay there again!!	My husband and I were in San Francisco to attend a concert at the Great American Music Hall and decided to stay overnight. I found the Phoenix Hotel when I searched for hotels near the venue. I was intrigued when I saw that it was called the rock and roll hotel and visited their website. Even more impressive than the website was the hotel itself.The people at the front desk were very friendly. The courtyard and the room had such ambiance and it was a little like taking a trip into the past. It definitely was an oasis in the middle of the city. The self-parking was convenient and helped make the price comparable to other big hotels in the city. The continental breakfast in the courtyard near the pool was very good and well stocked even though we arrived near the end of their service. We will definitely stay there again!	
Sep 28 2009 	Great find in San Francisco	The Phoenix is a gem. It is small, clean, retro-modern, and super friendly in downtown SF. The location is an easy walk from the Civic Center, Asian Art Museum, Opera area, and parking is easy on-site, a great convenience and cost savings from most downtown hotels.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Hotel very friendly Free WIFI and Parking	Stayed here for a weekend with my girlfriend from Ireland. Lovely hotel. We rented a car and it is one of the few hotels we could find which has free parking and it is just a few minutes walk from Union Square. The staff are very friendly and gave us advice about what bars were good in the area. The free WIFI was great because as we were tourists it was great to be able to look things up on the iPhone without having to pay huge roaming charges.The area is full of homeless people but in fairness that seems to be common throughout San Francisco. They do leave you alone though and myself and my girlfriend had no problems walking around at 3am in the area. They have a huge selection of TV channels (which is great if you don't want to miss your show) and the pool is lovely.The only gripe I would have is that the breakfast is pretty poor. However having said that there are loads of places to eat in the area so no big deal. Overall we really liked it here. So much in fact that we booked in there again for our return to San Francisco a week later.	
Sep 24 2009 	We loved this hotel!	We stayed at the Phoenix for a week and really loved it. Great art in the courtyard, central location, comfortable room with funky decor, interesting clientele (rock bands and families - what a mix!), but more than anything else - a wonderful front office staff. Our daughter was sick while we were there and they put together a &quot;get well kit&quot; including cough candies, vitamin C and a puzzle! We were truly touched by their thoughtfulness. The room rate (including parking!) was great and the food at the Bambuddha Lounge terrific. The lounge can be a bit noisy on Friday and Saturday nights, but they make sure it all shuts down at 11:00 pm precisely! Location in the Tenderloin might not work for everyone, but we felt safe and comfortable there even with little kids in tow.	
Sep 20 2009 	Hotel is in the worst nighberhood in S.F- tenderlion. Staying alive there is just a metter of good luck	Stayed for 6 night in order to participate in a conference, which held 1 mile from there, in the Intercontinental hotel.The reason for choosing this Hotel was there promise for free wifi and free parking and good breakfast.It does not matter what the hotel is, prices or services. The point is that the hotel is in the hart of the worst neighborhood of San Francisco- named Tenderloin. Drugged peoples, homeless peoples, ugly people, prostitutes ladies and males, drunks are the best there and i am not writing about the bed. For me, as a white regular male, it was just a luck for not murdered!To be in the hotel room is not safe either since the access to the rooms is free and easy!Regarding the hotel itself: it is a old and ugly, wifi do not work regularly, bath are ugly, breakfast starts only in 7:30 which is too late. the rooms are around small pool, there are parties each night, around the pool until 03:00 a.m. starting from noon. there are no amenities at room- no coffemaker, micro or fridge.	
Sep 13 2009 	oasis of friendliness and charm	maybe it was because i had just returned from the desert, but the courtyard that greets you is a sight for sore eyes.. banana trees and a small pool; day beds and sofas. the staff were unswervingly friendly, helpful - full of local advice and suggestions. The immediate area is dodgy but the location perfect for heading out into San F with a glance over your shoulder - and the enclosure gives a quiet nights sleep to boot. It's not their fault the US leaves its poor out on the streets. I've stayed here 3 or 4 times and always enjoyed myself and look forward to coming back...	
Sep 10 2009 	No way they should be called the Rock n Roll hotel	Was EXTREMELY disappointed with the hotel service in regards to handling the noise/leisure of guests. Have stayed with friends many times at hotels for concerts and have never been harassed like we were by the staff and think it's total BS that one room with our friends was fine $200. All guest at the pool on Saturday were down to play some tunes while relaxing poolside, however the management asked that music not be played even though we definitely were not playing it loud and were assured by all present they wanted some music. If you are seeking a friendly rock n roll hotel during either the day, eve or night this is not the place. Was a completely over rated hotel and will never stay there again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Unusual renewed 70's motel with an outstanding personality	Well, it was a pleasant experience that we'll keep in our mind and in our soul for long time. We've been travelling around the West Coast from Vancouver to LA with two children 8 and 5, and our 4 nts' stop in SF was fortunately at the Phoenix.We found it really value-for-money worth.Charming, coloured, simple but clean and run by very kind guys giving you helpful tips and smiling suggestions. A small pool for refreshing your late afternoons and relaxing cont-breakfasts under the gazebos. We also had dinner once at the restaurant: it is a lounge poshy/ new age cuisine resto, but we found also good solutions for the kids. Service had been prompt and professional and we had a very good experience with the asian-californian fusion cuisine. The rooms are well furnished and full optional, clean and warmly welcoming you once back from strolling up-and-down SF hills.The location is convenient and downtown (Union Square) is walking distance.The open issue is of course the area surrounding: the &quot;famous&quot; Tender(Loin).I'd say that probably it is just a matter of make you accustomed to see beggars and poor people walking along the streets rather than feel oneself unsafe. We have walked with the children many times to reach downtown without a single episode annoying us.I'd guess that nightime it is probably a litle worse, but if you drive in with your car or if you take a cab there's no way to get involved in a dangerous movie. The hotel is locked and safe. Free parking and free wi-fi connection benefits.	
Aug 25 2009 	all hype	Well....it was a decent hotel/motel. It is basically a remodelled motel 6 style of place with new interior. The room itself was nice enough and very clean. The service was very good too. I guess I was just expectcting a lot more based on the reviews but it did not live up to the hype (or the pictures). Good things: clean, remodeled, fairly reasonably price, decent breakfast, and free parking (!). Not so good things: bar was closed on the night we were there, location, general style of hotel. I'm from SF and you do not want to stay in this area if you have a choice. There are many hotels/motels in SF in better areas for this price or less. Keep searching.	
Aug 20 2009 	Unique experience	We loved our stay at the Pheonix. It was everything the reviews said. In fact the reviews were the reason we chose to stay there. I have teenage daughters and a ten year old they thought it was so cool. Beware of the surrounding neighborhood and the sirens all night. If you can not tolerate the noise at night you might want to stay some where else. We walked all day in San Francisco so we were tired enough to sleep through the noise. Regardless we felt very safe on the in the hotel and on the hotel grounds. The staff was great and the room was very clean and cute. The hotel is updated and nostalgic at the same time. We are from Texas so air conditioning is a must in the summer. Sleeping with the windows open was awsome. I would definatly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 13 2009 	LOVE the Phoenix will return and recommed!	We are a family of four from Colorado who wanted a place to stay for four nights in San Fran. We almost skipped the Phoenix due to comments about the neighborhood and the late-night noise. But there were so many positive comments about staff, rooms, vibe. . .So I called and ended up saving 20% by paying in advance. We are used to so much space at home we feel really cramped in a standard 2-double-bed room. So we booked one of the hotel's suites: Room 31 was La Bomba for us! Two king beds, a sweet living room area. Spotless. The pool is wonderful and beautiful.The neighborhood was a total non-issue for us. Yes, there are all kinds walking the streets. The same is true down at Fisherman's Wharf but there are 7 million tourists there as well. The only person who said anything to us on the streets near the Phoenix complimented my 8-year-old on her hat! We NEVER felt unsafe and we walked everywhere. I read an earlier review that stated no restaurants within walking distance. Whatever. We walked to everything from ethnic Thai and Indian restaurants to Tracy DesJardin's restaurant, Jardiniere. Also easy walking to public transport.A diverse crowd at the Phoenix and, again, we never felt uncomfortable. Our girls swam in the pool and we listened to our iPod on our portable speaker while a lively party took place in and around the lounge. And when we went to bed later, we heard nothing.Just a quick word about the staff, too. It is so nice to stay in a place where the staff knows and appreciates the neighborhood. They knew us by name shortly after we checked in and gave specific and knowledgeable recommendations. Don't forget that Phoenix has free parking!I saved a Phoenix tattoo to put on before I go back to work tomorrow. . .	
Aug 6 2009 	Even if the area is not so pleasant..it is so nice!!!	A very comfortable hotel, nice, clean, good staff, hot water pool ( so nice!!).. Location very close to downtown, bus/subway stops 5-10min walking, continental breakfast included. The only negative thing is that is located in Tenderloin area, so much homelesses walking in the street (Hyde str. specially) but the hotel staff is always glad to help you find the best way to reach your daily destination avoiding the worst streets.. we had no car so for the 2 days we had dinner at the hotel's restaurant.. good food and affordable prices!I recommend it especially for young people because of the &quot;rock&amp;roll&quot; atmosphere ;-)	
Jul 31 2009 	ONE OF THE COOLEST HOTELS YOU COULD STAY	I stayed at the Pheonix for 4 nights and couldn't have wished for anything better. From the minute we arrived the friendly staff made sure we had everything we needed, from tips on where to which sights to visit, where the best shopping was throu to where we could find a late night cocktail in the neighborhood. The rooms were generous in size, spotless and had a lovely aesthetic overlooking the palm tree court yard and pool.I'm not into overpriced up market hotel and prefer more intimate, boutique hotels and this was one of the coolest places I've stayed...I was visiting SF with my mom and the hotel staff made sure we had a room way from where the pool action takes place and every night was restful and relaxing. (tip - it can be a little on the noisy side until 11pm but who goes to sleep before then?)Everyone was advising us about how dangerous the Tenderloin area is but honestly I'd rather stay there amongst the colorful characters and cheap delicious restaurants then be in a tourist trap any day. Plus it was only a 5 min bus ride into the Civic and a $5 ride to the Mission. Five stars.	
Jul 28 2009 	Only stay there if you enjoy late nights and party atmosphere.	We were in town for the SF marathon and found this hotel on TA - it was in our budget and looked nice on website. What a disaster. The first thing that struck me was the neighborhood. Nearby &quot;skid row&quot; was scary and disturbing, plus no restaurants to walk to. Room was ok - microwave and fridge was nice touch but windows blocked no sound. Needed a good night sleep so went to bed early. Woke up at 11:45pm to the sound of woohoo-ing girls and dance music with mega bass blasting through the hotel. Called down to front desk to complain and attendant said that attached night club that was blasting dance music is not under hotel control but they would ask if they could turn it down. They offered me earplugs too!! Finally club turned down music to tolerable level. but only after more complaints. Left room early in morning and returned after 1:30pm - room wasn't made up and house keeper said she couldn't get to us for a while. Final straw was that there was a party hosted by night club that used pool and patio area from 2-9pm so guests couldn't use grounds. Hotel was not worth the price. We checked out early. Only positive note was that the staff was mostly nice and helpful.	
Jul 26 2009 	A blast from the past	We were visiting San Francisco with our 16 year old son and wanted to stay somewhere other than at the 'popular' spots like we have done before. We could not have been more pleased with the Phoenix. First of all having FREE parking was very nice. Despite what was expressed regarding the neighborhood, we thought it was fine. (Suggestion: If you are using the BART, walk toward the Library/City Hall and pick it up at Civic Center. It will shorter and safer than waking to Powell St.) The hotel totally made my wife and I think of our travels as kids with our parents. It is a vintage travel lodge style converted into a modern art deco hotel. The room was great, there is a pool, heated and continental breakfast each day. We would definitely stay here again. Once suggestion, request rooms in the back away from the pool.	
Jul 24 2009 	Overrated	We stayed there several times in 2007 upon hearing about its &quot;rock and roll&quot; reputation.But truth be told: I've never been admonished to &quot;keep the noise down&quot; by a hotel staff more than at The Phoenix. When we were scolded for being too loud on a Friday night at 9:45 p.m.--yes, that's right, 9:45 p.m.!--I couldn't believe it. &quot;Are we at the right hotel?&quot; I wondered aloud. &quot;This isn't very rock and roll.&quot; I also might add that for a place with a supposed &quot;rock&quot; vibe, it's attached Bambuddha Lounge bar is super yuppie, super overpriced, and just not very much fun. Rock and rollers don't like 15-dollar martinis; they like 24-ounce cans of Pabst. I'm not telling the Phoenix what to do, but don't bill yourself as a &quot;rock and roll&quot; hotel and then turn around and cater to rich, &quot;Miami Vice&quot;-loving, bottle service yuppies. Yes folks, there's a dress code! And on weekends, be prepared to fork over a ten dollar cover charge for the privilege of being able to order their 15-dollar martinis.Another thing that annoyed me: We were emailed &quot;Stay 2 nights, get one night free&quot; coupons from the hotel after our first stay at the Phoenix, and it had a &quot;forward to a friend&quot; link/button attached to the bottom of the ad. In other words, the hotel was encouraging that we would spread the word about the coupon to other potential customers. So, I took their lead and ran with it: I forwarded the link to my friends, and the hotel staff refused to honor the promotion for them, stating, &quot;That promotion was only intended for our 'valued' repeat customers.&quot; I produced a printout of the ad with the &quot;forward to a friend&quot; link and showed it to the manager, and still she repeated, &quot;That promotion was only intended for our 'valued' repeat customers. They're NOT getting their third night free.&quot;Okay, then. Goodbye forever, Phoenix...I need something cooler, hipper, friendlier and NOT in a neighborhood that attracts roaming zombie heroin junkies and smells like feces and urine.	
Jul 20 2009 	Won't stay anywhere else in SF now I've found the Phoenix a hidden gem...shhh	What a delightful little hidden gem. The most gorgeous courtyard surrounded by kitsch and quirky rooms, good sized rooms that are well furnished too! Breakfast was delicious and fresh. The courtyard was a great place for the kids to run around a bit and explore as well and jump in and out of the pool. When I think about some of the nasty accommodation I have stayed in in SF I shudder, this place is unique and I so wish I had found out about it earlier.Yes, the neighbourhood is a bit dodgy and we ended up driving to attractions instead of using the pass we had bought as I was uncomfortable taking my 10 and 7 year old past some of the less fragrant denizens of Little Saigon. They ignored us and I'm sure that we would have been absolutely okay but we just felt a little vulnerable at times...like when we got the limited stop bus by accident and had to walk 6 blocks back up to the hotel. The physical location is pretty good in the sense that it is right in the centre of town and most places aren't far away by foot, bus or car. It is a short bus ride to the nearest cable car stop and two blocks to the nearest bus stop. But when you look at the lovely hotel, the comfortable and trendy rooms, helpful and friendly staff, the great breakfast and simply beautiful courtyard this outweighs the neighbourhood. We stayed midweek for 3 nights and didn't hear any noise at all. It really was one of the nicest places I have stayed in, not the most luxurious but definitely one of the most unusual with bags of character...which I what I wanted... you can find fancy 5 star hotels anywhere and they are pretty much all the same, you could be anywhere. The Phoenix has a natural charm you can't just manufacture. Check out the postcards for the original motel... a 60s insight! We will be back...unless of course it gets too popular so...shhhhh!	
Jul 13 2009 	I Love the Phoenix	I'm a little prejudiced, I met my boyfriend at a party there in 2000. We've stayed again a couple times and this year I was pretty impressed with the extent of the remodels. This year we stayed the weekend for a Pride party on Sunday, and found it was a great place to be centrally located but in an oasis from the madness around Civic Center. We'll probably do it again next year. I've read some of the other reviews about the neighborhood and yes, it is definitely in the thick of it. The interior/exterior contrasts is one of the things I like about it, though, and I happen to like kitschy Vietnamese and Thai restaurants and chatting with the occasional tranny working girl on the way to Union Square. But it's not for everybody. Did I mention the pool is heated?	
Jun 25 2009 	Very nice and confortable green spot into the city	Ideal for visitig San Francisco. Located very close to the city center. It is a green spot in the city. You fell like being at the Caribbean.Wonderful pool.The personnel is very gentle.Higly recommended.Sebastiano from Italy	
Jun 25 2009 	Well worth a Visit	Stayed here for ten days and will happily return. The owner and staff couldn't be more helpful, the room was clean and large. The hotel provided a guide to local restaurants and this was accurate in its descriptions of the restaurants and most were within walking distance of the hotel. THe hotel The description of artistic and funky was accurate. The big disappointments were the breakfast, with a limited range available and the neighbourhood. When I arrived i was given a map that marked out the local area that was a no-go zone. A bit off putting but not a problem.	
Jun 24 2009 	Relaxing refreshing rejuvenating!!!	I stayed at The Phoenix because it is so close to the Civic Center and the Opera House where I went to three operas over three nights. I had a wonderful time. The staff were very helpful and friendly and welcoming. The pool is not only clean and relaxing, but also beautiful decorated with a lovely mosaic. I relaxed in the sun with my new friends, a pair of resident black birds who also liked to relax poolside. I walked to fun restaurants, the Asian Art Museum, the public library (which was having a fantastic book sale), and St. Mary's Cathedral. Took the bus to Haight Ashbury. My room was clean and comfortable (the wooden xylophone was a nice touch!) The complimentary continental breakfast by the pool, soaking in more sun, was a treat! The hotel is in a rough area with street people, but there were always lots of people coming and going and I never felt isolated.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great place to stay	I've stayed here before for pleasure, but this was my first work trip. There was a noisy crowd on Memorial Day night, up until all hours. I had thought the noise would only be around on weekend nights. Next night- I believe the staff booted those noisy kids out of there! Yahoo! I also stayed a weekend night, and there was stuff going on, but no terrible noise at all. They have an Evening Policy, which allows for fun, but not excessive noise.I don't mind the neighborhood. You can walk the other direction (away from Union Sq.) and go up Polk for lots of restaurants, clubs, etc.	
May 9 2009 	We will only stay at The Phoenix	Our very favorite place to stay in San Francisco. Known as the Rock and Roll Hotel, The Phoenix is a true oasis in the middle of the bustling city. This was our second visit to The Phoenix Hotel. My family won't stay anywhere else! What a fun place. What an incredible staff! Especially helpful is front office manager Diana Weech. We had tickets for Wicked on April 30 and, of course, we booked The Phoenix, having had a wonderful time there the previous November. Our 20 year old daughter loves The Phoenix!Yes, The Phoenix is in the Tenderloin, you wouldn't want to go wandering out alone at night but we feel perfectly safe at The Phoenix. Once you enter the private courtyard at The Phoenix, you're in another world!Here's what you get: An incredibly clean, comfortable room, with lovely furnishings, wifi, in-room coffee, as well as a nice complimentary breakfast in the morning AND a very reasonable rate. Add in the superlative assistance at the front desk, a great pool and lounge area with fun statuary around, a relaxed, casual atmosphere, the occasional rock star and you have a recipe for a delightful get-away. And did I mention that there is free, and safe, parking? If you need anything, a simple call to the front desk takes care of it. Staff makes each and every guest feel special and welcome. As a member of the Joy of Life Club, we had a split of Chardonnay waiting for us when we arrived as well as a greeting card from the staff welcoming us to The Phoenix again. We also enjoyed a superb dinner at the Bambuddha prior to our show. They offer a blend of small and large plates and make it easy for a family to enjoy many different dishes. If you enjoy Asian fare, give the Bambuddha a try. You'll be glad you did.We already have another trip to SF planned in July so we'll be back to The Phoenix Hotel! Don't miss this gem on your next visit to San Francisco. We recommend The Phoenix to our friends visiting SF.	
May 1 2009 	Super Cool Place	This is a hidden gem indeed! Old 50's caravan lodge reinvented to a hotspot!I had been to the lounge for drinks and good music before and adored it. This time around we stayed there for a night away from the kids.It has a cool rock n roll edge. There was a band staying while we were there.It is fun to look at, nicely decorated, comfortable and so affordable. We would definately go back. We had no complaints. A few guests were having some late night fun late but I am not put off that, makes the place more fun.Some street noise as this is in a busy area. The neighborhood although not the best was fine, we had no problems and walked around for a drink at Temple Bar around the corner.I really liked the look and feel of this place!	
Apr 15 2009 	The Phoenix is a delight.	I would stay at the Phoenix again. As mentioned in previous reviews, the neighborhood was dicey. My friend, my child and I walked from the end of the street car line, at Market Street to the hotel. No one harassed us or anything, but we were uncomfortable. I volunteer with the homeless, so my inclination is to take people where they are, but I was intimidated. The Phoenix is an oasis. The courtyard is great, the room colorful and clean. I love the ceramic coffee mugs and glass water glasses instead of wretched Styrofoam and plastic cups. I brought my own coffee, because one never knows, but the coffee was not the usual bad tasting stuff found in most hotel rooms. We were only there one night, but I would definitely come back to the Phoenix. Luke and Matt at the front desk were helpful, bright and cheerful. Breakfast was fresh and tasty.	
Apr 13 2009 	Oasis in downtown San Francisco	We loved this hotel and our brief stay there. We would definitely come back. The courtyard is beautiful and inviting, with birds, flowers and a tropical appeal. The staff were amazingly helpful and took a genuine interest in their guests. The rooms were comfortable and well-appointed. Breakfast, sitting in the courtyard, was also great. I especially loved that this hotel did not feel like a chain and felt unexpected and personal. The parking was convenient. Although I was warned not to walk down Eddy St., we did walk toward the Civic Center and felt entirely comfortable. From there it was easy to catch a bus and explore the city. Lastly, on our way out of the city, the young woman at the front desk suggested a detour to drive down the crookedest street, which we did and enjoyed.	
Apr 7 2009 	I'm moving in......	what a fantastic 4 days I spent in San Fran just recently, made all the better from staying at the Pheonix Hotel. Right from the start the welcome was tops, very friendly staff greeted me and the welcome was quick and painfree. When ever I asked for or about something the info was given and it was all good. Restaurant review and sight seeing spots were perfect. Local knowledge was also very good, I was told on arrival that the area was not the very best however like any major city if you have your witts about you you will be fine.The room that I stayed in was relaxing, clean and very comfortable, I must admit that the reason that I booked the hotel was purely becasue of the look of it, and the kitch way it looked on line, I loved the fact that all the original styles were kept but modernised internally, I found out after that some of the bathrooms in the other rooms have recently undergone renovations but I found mine perfectly fine, however I would have explored upgrade options if I had of known.Other than that I don't know what else to say but I will be mack, thats a fact and I have allready told so many people about you hotel that I am sure there will be some more Australian visitors soon...including meTHANK YOU .....TAHNK YOU .....THANK YOU for an awsome time, and also thank you to Matt and Dave for just being excelent city guides, the restaurant on Tuesday night that Matt suggested was AWSOME and I must say a big thanks to Raphael and the guys in the Restaurant and Bar, AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME to say the least, those Lychee Martini's were the best that I have had in ages, and the food was TOP 10 the restaurant is beautiful and I have some amazing pictures to remind me of my visit, the pool area at night is spectacular and you must include pics of the tree at night, the only sad thing about my trip was that I was there mid week, but itwas going to cost me more that my return flight price to change my books and stay for the weekendThanks everyone	
Apr 6 2009 	We love this hotel! Has everything we look for...	After staying in many San Francisco hotels,we finally found the one we would return to again &amp; again. Eco-friendly,customer friendly,car friendly. Everything we want when we travel for business &amp; need to relax afterwards. Free parking, a nice bar,restaurant,pool,peaceful surroundings &amp; extra helpful staff. Even the neighborhood doesn't put us off. Good restaurants-especially Vietnamese nearby.We love it here.Rock &amp; Roll atmosphere without the TV's being thrown out the windows! If only they had rock &amp; roll in the Bambuddha Lounge.	
Mar 4 2009 	Simply Amazing.	My girlfriend and I stayed here within the last 2 weeks. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, and our private balcony was a nice thing to have too. Although it was a little scary in the area surrounding the hotel at night, daytime was much better...The courtyard is peaceful and overflowing with plants and art. The hospitality at the front desk was amazing as well....I will definitely go back.	
Mar 4 2009 	Got to get back!	The Phoenix is the best hotel in California! I have stayed there pretty much every time I have been to San Francisco. There is nowhere else like it. Cool 1950's vibe, great pool, great staff, lots of cool music dudes. They are doing the rooms up so lets hope it does not loose any of it's retro chic character.The Tenderloin is a dodgy area, but not as bad as it used to be!	
Mar 1 2009 	scary location	this was an OK place to stay. While the location was somewhat convenient this hotel was in a scary neighborhood- not a place you want to be walking alone at night . The rooms were average, not the cleanest place....	
Feb 17 2009 	We'll Be Back	My Boyfriend &amp; I just live over the bridge from San Francisco. We stay here every time we want to spend a night in the city!!! The rooms are always clean, spacious &amp; comfortable. The pool is heated in the winter if you want to take a dip. On all of our stays, we're either encountered a rock band performing in area that weekend or accidently received a message from one on our hotel room voicemail alerting us that sound check was in an hour. The Bambuddha Lounge &amp; Bar has great food &amp; atmosphere. At least hit it up for cocktail hour even if you have reservations at many of the other great finds in the city. The continental breakfast is amazing with fresh bagels &amp; pastries, great coffee &amp; fresh squeezed OJ. I can't think of what else to say except I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!	
Feb 1 2009 	Good Value	After walking down Eddy Street, which has to be said was a pretty intimadating road, I was feeling a bit concerned that I had not listened to a friend's protests that the tenderlion was not the area to stay in San Fran. Overall however we were happy with the Phoenix, although I have to admit that I don't think it is as cool as it would like to be, or perhaps used to be. The rooms were huge, particularly for the price and the hotel was excellent value. They had the funky motel vibe down to a tee. The bambudda lounge, which I had heard great things about was not as fab as I would have hoped, and I was surprised that the music was quite R&amp;B (However we did visit on a Saturday night, which perhaps is the only night this type of music is played) The staff on reception were all really friendly particularly Luke and were the coolest thing about the hotel. Although some of the surrounding streets were not so desirable the phoenix was well placed for visiting all of the cities areas of interest such as the mission, castro, alamo square, as well as the more obvious city centre sites. If this hotel was not next to such a rough part of Eddy St it would have been perfect, but then I am sure it would have been twice the price!	
Jan 15 2009	Rock 	This Is without a doubt the greatest botique hotel in the country and I've been to them all. for the last 20 years I have been touring with bands and every time we go to San Francisco we stay at the Phoenix. I'd say I've stayed there 10 times. It's very chick and a great location (5 minutes from Market St., 5 minutes from mitchell brother :-) ) Grade A party palace!. I always look forward to a fews days at the Phoenix.	
Jan 10 2009 	Great value	My husband and I just got back from a night at the Phoenix. We were there for a party at the Bambuddha Lounge, a great night spot adjacent to the hotel. The decor is what you see in the pictures: a funky revitalization of a 50's style motel. Our room was basic but quite clean and comfortable. There was a faint odor of cigarette smoke, even though it was supposedly non-smoking -- but it was faint enough not to bother us (our friends were initially assigned a much smokier-smelling room, but they asked to be switched and were accommodated). The front-desk staff was generally attentive and polite -- especially the night clerk, Luke. We were mostly surprised by what a great deal it was. We paid $133 with our AAA discount, including on-site parking and continental breakfast. Usually when breakfast is included at places like this, you're lucky to get coffee and doughnuts. Although not lavish, this one still exceeded my expectations: laid out buffet-style by the pool, it included coffee, several types of milk (soy, skim, whole, and half-and-half), OJ, several types of pastries (muffins, croissants, danishes, raisin bread), bagels with cream cheese (you could toast them if you liked), and whole fruit.The only major downside is the neighborhood (the Tenderloin), which is down-and-out. Then again, since your car is parked right there with complete in-and-out access, you don't need to walk around. Although you should make an exception and head to Brenda's French Soul Food, around the corner, for what might be the most delicious brunch you'll ever have. Overall, I would recommend the Phoenix for the value-conscious who appreciate funky style.	
Jan 3 2009 	A little oasis in the middle of San Francisco	When we first got to the hotel, I wasn't really sure about it. The room was cold and a little brightly decorated for my tastes, but after a while, it grew on me. Then I lay down on the bed and I was hooked!!!!!! (and the heater was just enough) The room was huge (for what we paid) and the staff was incredible! We asked for an early check-in - not a problem. We had to leave the hotel for a while; they kept our parking space reserved for us for when we returned. Not to mention, they were just the best! Even though we live about 2 miles from this hotel, we have discussed it and will spend weekend getaways here from time-to-time. Just want to thank EVERYONE at the Phoenix for a real good time!	
Dec 18 2008 	I love the Phoenix Hotel	I have stayed at the Phoenix many times and love the location and the atmosphere. The Bambudda lounge is a great place for dinner. The staff are hip, cool and the outdoor space rocks.	
Dec 17 2008 	Retro Clean and Classy!!	I stay in hotels over 200 nights a year. I loved this hotel. Very Retro feel. Great Customer Service! I felt better staying here than I do at most all of your 4 star hotels. Most of those places are just so inconvenient. Felt very welcomed at the Phoenix Hotel and would definably recommend it if you want to stay in a very unique and conscious hotel. Thanks!!!	
Nov 17 2008 	Cool concept but noisy 	I was only here for two nights, and I wanted to check it out knowing full-well it was in the Tenderloin and wasn't anything fancy. I was OK with the sketchy neighborhood because I'd be out in meetings all day and really just wanted to see the concept.They've done a great job with updating the motor-inn while keeping it true to the essence. My complaints are really rather simple:1. The restaurant/bar is not open on Sunday-Tuesday--which is when I stayed here. Normally not a problem in the city, but I can't exactly go walking around this neighborhood at night to explore!2. The room is not well-insulated, because of the windows, so it was pretty cold at night and the only heater is an ancient wall heater down in the corner by one of the beds. I had to take the blankets from both beds and put them over me to be comfortable.3. The bedspreads smelled pretty musty. I took them off right away, but they seem like they could use a good airing out.4. This is a complaint I have of many hotels. Though they say they won't replace your towels if you hang them back up, they do! This is annoying because I've held up my end of the bargain and they just ignore it and waste all that water.	
Nov 13 2008 	The Phoenix Hotel Rocks!	Excellent hotel with awesome staff and amenities that made me feel like a rock star. Room was nice and bathroom was new. Plenty of parking, monitored 24 hours, in front of hotel. I came to see a favorite band at a local venue and the cab ride was cheap. I spotted several band members at the pool area the next morning having breakfast - very cool. It's definitely the best place to stay in SF and I look forward to my next rock-star stay!	
Nov 9 2008 	The Phoenix is special	We loved the 50's Motel style thing they have going on. I've toured with a few large bands over the years, so I felt right at home at the Phoenix while we played spot the roadie and stuffed our faces on the &quot;backstage&quot; style breakfast catering.Beautiful heated pool and very chilled (in a good way) staff. Yes the area is &quot;gritty&quot; but you are warned and if your careful it is an experience you'll never forget. Just avoid Ellis st if you are easily shocked. San Fran is a great town, to much for little old me to review.Just go.	
Oct 20 2008 	So much better than the reviews led me to believe!	The staff was so helpful and friendly, even at midnight and 5 AM. The decor was fun and funky, the rooms and bathrooms clean, and the complimentary outdoor breakfast fantastic (croissants, muffins, pastries, fruit, juice, coffee and tea and real plates and utensils).After reading the reviews here, I was unnecessarily worried that I was signing up for a bad neighborhood and a barely clean room, but I didn't want to pay more for a nicer hotel. I was happily surprised at how wrong I was. The rooms and courtyard were clean and cute (and included a locked gate). There were some loiterers in the surrounding blocks, but as I dragged my suitcase past them after my midnight flight arrival, they didn't try to interact with me at all- not to panhandle, not to talk- really they just ignored me.I will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 5 2008 	Funky Friendly Phoenix	We just got back from an amazing 10 day stay at the Phoenix. It is one cool and funky hotel! The courtyard and pool live up to all the other positive reviews - it is a wonderful place to hang out (and meet other guests if you want to); swim; and/or have a few drinks after a day or night out around town. The rooms are clean and large. The staff is always helpful and very friendly.Having stayed for such an extended period - and in two different rooms in opposite corners of the hotel - we really didn't find noise to be an issue at all. It gets a little noisy on Friday and Saturday nights when the lounge is running but it never caused any trouble sleeping or enjoying the room. The staff were very good about policing the noise policy in the courtyard (it shuts down at 10 on weeknights and 11 on weekends). We noticed much more noise from the streets (lots of sirens) than from the courtyard. This is to be expected if you are staying in the heart of a major city.Remember if you are thinking about staying at the Phoenix, that you are on the edge of the Tenderloin where the city is gritty. The neighbourhood is not &quot;beautiful&quot; or touristy at all but we never felt in any danger. If you want a pasteurized San Fransico experience don't stay here. We won't be staying anywhere else on any future trips to San Francisco.	
Oct 1 2008 	Fun at the Phoeix	Had a great time at the Phoenix Hotel. This is a good hotel for those looking for something out of the ordinary and fun. It was nice to find a place full of color and not just your average bland, beige hotel. The staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. Complimentary breakfast and parking were a plus. Overall had a great experience here and hope that you do, too.	
Sep 24 2008 	An oasis in the Tenderloin	The Phoenix lived up to most of the reviews posted on thissite....the good, the bad and the ugly. The good being the great staffand clean comfortable rooms...with a complimentary continentalbreakfast to boot!..the bad..as much as hotel policy tries to controlnoise levels within the grounds of the hotel..it's hard to get guests to chill out and be quiet after bar hopping or partying..and then gain you really aren't aware of how easily the sound travels until you are in your room and hear others in party mode. ...the ugly..well is the &quot;hood&quot;...which you nor the hotel has any control over...it's the reality of the Tenderloin...Remember that at the end of your visit you get to go back to your comfy home environment...you can leave all that behind...yet for the citizens of the &quot;hood&quot; the streets, parks and sidewalks are their home. If you happen to be in the hood on a Sunday..walk over to the Glide Ministry on Ellis and attend one of their services at 9 or 11 am...you'll walk out with a big smile.	
Sep 17 2008 	We had an excellent stay	I recommend the hotel for couples or families that search cost / benefit. The hotel offers free parking and the breakfast also included surprised for the quality.	
Sep 15 2008 	Phoenix hotel : fun and affordable place to stay	We stayed 3 nights at the Phoenix . The staff was very helpfull and kind. We had no problem of noise late at night. The room was really nice and clean. The courtyard with the heated swimming pool is a big (funny and funky) plus, as the very convenient parking.The ambience is really cool.We were a bit surprised by the neighborhood (we didn't know !) on the first morning, but after that we managed to get taxi cabs, or navigate around with no problem.When we'll go back to SF, it' ll be at the Phoenix!	
Sep 9 2008 	Quirky and clean .. but the neighbourhood ...	This hotel looked so good on the website .. arty, quirky, clean .. and in real life it was all that .. the staff were very welcoming and accommodating, our room was clean and well presented - the bathroom was like new which is always a bonus when you are travelling. But .. we had booked in thinking we were much closer to everything including a nice coffee shop .. when we stepped out to find a coffee shop we were accosted on the street and that set the scene for us. The tenderloin is not the best part of town but we found it a really questionable neighbourhood.Our room at the top of the stairs was like like sleeping on the exit of a subway - people passing and talkinging loudly all night and the louvre windows did not soundproof us at all.We moved on after 1 night but stayed on in SF for a week and thoroughly enjoyed our time - we stayed closer to where we wanted to be.We were impressed that the hotel was working with the community to make the area better and we fully supported that - even to the point of making an additional cash donation to the project on our departure. However, we could not recommend this neighbourhood for visitors but wish the Phoenix well.	
Aug 26 2008 	Hotel with character	I love the Phoenix and have stayed there several times. The staff is always very attentive and the heated pool and patio area is a lot of fun. But, they do a good job of keeping the noise down late at night. The ambience and decor carry much more character than most other hotels. I'll be back!	
Aug 21 2008 	Phoenix: Fun Funky Affordable	Just returned from a family trip to San Francisco. Our three boys loved the hotel, especially the funky courtyard and the swimming pool. The staff is very helpful. The rooms are a nice size, and the bathrooms have nice fixtures for the price of the room.Yes, the hotel is on the edge of the Tenderloin, which can be sketchy, but it is quite easy to navigate around the worst of it. The neighborhood is also getting better. Several Asian restaurants have opened within a few blocks, and they are affordable and authentic.If you are looking for a quiet, sanitized hotel, the Phoenix is not for you. But if you want a friendly, affordable, and funky place to stay in San Francisco it is worth a visit.	
Aug 21 2008 	The Phoenix is Fun and Comfortable	My wife and I have stayed at the Phoenix some ten times in the past four years, with and without our kids. We like its quirky, clean rooms, friendly employees, and proximity to our favorite restaurants and live music venues. The neighborhood is indeed sketchy, but we never have problems getting taxi cabs, either through the front desk or by simply standing on the corner outside the hotel. The parking is a convenient bonus - right in front of the hotel where it should be.	
Aug 15 2008 	A Fine Place to Stay	I stay frequently at the Phoenix Hotel. Although the neighborhood is a bit questionable, I have never had any problems; nor have I felt in danger. The rooms are more than comfortable, and are clearly up to the joie de vivre standard. By 11 p.m. all is quiet. The hotel, actually a motel, (with parking!) is close to the opera house, the Asian Art Museum, and City Hall. All are within walking distance. I will definitely return during the opera season.	
Aug 8 2008	The worst ever	The hotel had my suv impounded which cost me $285 and inconvience that spoiled my San Fran experience! The staff was very rude and didn't care that they ruined all of my guests night and put me in a financial hardship.	
Aug 2 2008 	Very good but....really noisy!!!	We stayed in this hotel, based on the review we saw in this website. First, I need to say that the room was really nice and clean and the staff is really friendly. The breakfast (continental - try the blueberry bread.....delicious!!) was perfect for us (despite a lack of fruits...).However, I must say that all this has been ''erased'' by the fact that this hotel is really noisy. Note that the bar adjacent to the hotel has a terrace that is directly near the rooms so for people that needs to rest, it's not easy!!! Officially, the terrace is not accessible after 10:00pm or 11:00pm depending on the day but the thing is if you have any childrenss, or want to got to sleep ealry, you'd better put some ears-plug on!! (even with it, I could sleep....).Besides that, I would recommend this hotel but since theses vacations weren't not planned to party for us, it was not the right hotel to stay.	
Jul 28 2008	The Surprising Phoenix	A friend had found the hotel on-line, sent us a link, and we said &quot;Sure, looks OK&quot;. I did not pay the close attention to neighborhood that I would have if I had done the research.  So, I was quite dismayed as we neared SF and I realized the hotel was in the Tenderloin, based on what I knew from living in the Bay area decades earlier. I was still doubtful as we pulled up and saw the street side presentation. BUT, peeking through the gate into the courtyard, I felt a bit better. Then we walked up to the desk and were greeted by two of the most genuinely friendly people I have ever encountered in the hospitality business. That characteristic was true of all other encounters with staff. The ambience is funky with interesting metal sculptures and burbling fountains. The rooms were clean. Furnishings were eclectic. Our bathroom was sparkling clean. Looked like new tile work.  The included poolside, covered, under the heat lamp breakfast was very good for what it was. Good pastries, bagels, breads, surprisingly good coffee, juices. Just short on protein. Excellent, inexpensive restaurants nearby. Ask the staff. And, the neighborhood, while definitely big city gritty, never felt dangerous. Two minor quibbles: First, the jalousie windows didn't close tightly enough to stop a strong, cool exterior breeze from blowing into the room. But, the wall heater compensated (at some environmental cost). Second, either don't drive to the hotel or park your car once and take transit. Getting in and out of parking spaces there can be challenging.) But, definitely a great experience overall. I would go back.	
Jul 27 2008 	like it a lot	Fun place. Great location in downtown SF near Opera house and other musical venues. Many musicians stay here. Stayed for 4 days and met people from many parts of the world. A lot of young people some with families and a few oldies interspersed. Great pool scene every night and many people in the pool right up until 11 PM when it closes. The pool is heated to about 85 degrees all the time. Rooms are nice and functional. Staff is cool and relaxed like you would expect in SF. Great free breakfast every morning by the pool.. Our expectations were surpassed.	
Jul 21 2008	Disappointed	I was a bit disappointed with my stay at the Phoenix Hotel. The staff was great and the rooms were okay, tho slightly old and worn down. However... breakfast was simple and the neighborhood .. or &quot;da hood&quot;... was very bad. Walking along Eddy street to Union Square you'll come across quite a few &quot;interesting&quot; characters. Homeless people, pimps, prostitutes, beggars, criminals and other shady individuals. Phoenix hotel lives well on the cult status from having been visited by alot of famous rock musicians and the likes, but beyond that, it doesn't deserve its high ranking on this website. That`s my opinion at least. Situated in another area of SF, this could be a winner, but its not. Will not come again.	
Jul 21 2008 	A stay with a difference	To be completely fair, I will start with the negatives: The the hotel is in the area described by Orbitz as 'Union Square/Knob Hill' and better described as 'Tenderloin' - a more deprived area. The hotel gardens could do with a slight make-over so the art sculptures don't look like discarded scrap. Some guests can be a little inconsiderate and despite the best efforts of the staff, can be noisy (well) after midnight. Now the better bits:Friendly, informal and helpful check-in. Good-sized rooms; very clean and comfortable. The pool and patio area are clean.Breakfast of fruitjuice, bread, butter, jam (jelly), sweet pastries/cake, fresh fruit and acceptable coffee. The restaurant attached to the hotel is the Bambuddah Lounge which has a happy (2) hour(s) for cocktails which are competently mixed by the barstaff at half price - excellent value, and good even at full price. The menu is an asian-mediterranean fusion and quite interesting, enjoyable, tasty and well-presented. If going out at night, reception are happy to call you a cab.In summary, we enjoyed our two nights at the Phoenix and would recommend it as a city break 3 Star hotel.	
Jul 6 2008 	Read the reviews carefully and believe the bad ones.	Noisy experience. Uncomfortable beds. Our room did indeed have small roaches. Bar was never open during our three-night stay. Constant noise from pool, no matter how hard they try to keep it quiet after 10 p.m. Wireless connectivity did not work at all; we were told it was our computer's problem. Turns out it was their router the entire stay. Let me re-iterate: noise, uncomfortable beds, and did I mention noise?	
Jul 2 2008 	Lots of Personality	This was a very fun hotel with a great bar and pool. All of the rooms faced onto the pool courtyard. We walked down to dinner at Farmer Brown's (great mint juleps), but if you're worried about the neighborhood you can always cab it. It was also a short walk to the Civic Center area.	
Jun 21 2008 	The only place to stay in San Francisco	The Phoenix is a really awesome hotel! The rooms are super clean and the whole staff's service is really amazing. They really treat you like you are special. The location is great, right in the center of everything so you can get around really easily. Its a really cool vibe and a lot of rockers have stayed there so it has awesome character. I and never hate on free breakfast in the morning. Whenever I come to San Francisco, I always stay at the Phoenix. You wont be disappointed.	
Jun 11 2008 	Enjoyed the Phoenix	We recently stayed at the Phoenix Hotel and enjoyed the property very much. It's in a grittier part of town but that did not bother us. We enjoyed some great food and evenings out in the Tenderloin. It was a little louder at night, but I had earplugs! If you're looking for quiet, this isn't the place for you.The hotel itself was clean, very funky, and the staff were very attentive and helpful. The Bambuddha Lounge is great, and the food is good.Overall, if you're looking for a nice hotel out of the tourist trap of Union Square, then this is the place for you.	
May 31 2008 	A True Experience	When looking for a hotel in a city full of experiences like San Francisco, you want something that is going to be as memorable and special as the rest of your experience - the Phoenix Hotel is this. On a recent trip I stayed here and then at another hotel near Union Square and there was no comparison. The Phoenix hotel offered MUCH more than it's 2 stars lets on.The rooms were spacious, clean and had everything you needed. The free continental breakfast was awesome - great coffee, food and ambiance. So the basics are completely covered.Where this hotel delivers above and beyond is what other hotels can't - wicked vibe, surroundings and service. The pool area is an awesome place to just sit and hang out - the guests also tend to be friendly and social which makes for a great experience. What more can you ask for - sitting at a pool with a martini in hand, reading a book or online with the free wifi. The restaurant offers fantastic food and drink which doesn't hurt! Staff service is also great - the front desk will go out of their way to get you what you need even when you don't expect it.Yes, the immediate area leaves a little to be desired but it's located in a very central place close to all major bus lines and sights. Union square isn't any better in my opinion - downtown tends to be a bit sketch in general.I can't wait to go back!	
May 27 2008 	Just amazing!	I love the Phoenix. It's a unique hotel and the staff do everything they can to make your experience great. I was there with 14 clients in April and they were all very happy. The breakfast by the pool is nice, and the Bambuddah lounge is really happening. Can recommend it to anyone who's had enough of boring Hilton hotels with no personality. Andreas	
May 20 2008 	Funky and Fun	Headed to SF for a 40th Birthday Celebration - and wanted it to be a memorable trip - staying at the Phoenix Hotel - just added to the Uniqueness. We did make our reservations because of the recommendations on Trip Advisor - and we were not dissapointed. The staff at the Front Desk - were ALL amazing and very helpful. If what you seek is a place like no other - then this is a great place for you.The staff at the club was also Wonderful - and will certainly stay there on the next trip to SF.	
May 13 2008 	Fun Staying at the Phoenix !!!	First, The Phoenix has free parking - too rare in San Francisco, but adds value for the traveler! Second, as a member of their affinity club, &quot;joie de vivre&quot;, I was emailed an offer of a great rate or $97US for a Superior King room. The room was fresh, clean and comfortable. They've done an excellent job with their upgrades and renovations. The welcome at check-in was warm and genuine. And all staff shifts were friendly folks.The courtyard and pool area were verdant and inviting. And breakfast was well laid out with good variety and the nearby heaters took the morning chill off.You can see from my pics of construction going on nearby - early morning evidence of dynamic SF. Only concern was the free (again not common enough in SF and a nice plus here) wireless internet was not working and was to be fixed the next day.Interestingly, a British Member of Parliment first told me of this hotel. Until then, it was unknown to me. He said this was the only place his old journalist friends would stay - and he felt the same way!	
Apr 25 2008 	Will always stay here!	My fiance and I stayed here during our first real vacation in over 4 years. We are both pretty bohemian and didn't want a touristy or business oriented hotel, nor did we want to stay somewhere low end. The Phoenix was perfect for us. Very relaxed atmosphere where we felt cared for but not imposed upon. Yes, they are currently renovating their bathrooms. However, we got a nice letter informing us of this at the beginning of our stay and an advance call as promised the one day (out of 8) that they had to turn our water off. We just went for a swim and our water was back on by the time we were. An absolutely fabulous oasis in the middle of San Francisco. The heated pool and hip courtyard gave the place a touch of what is great about L.A. without any of L.A.'s numerous downsides. Room was clean, comfortable and relatively spacious. Anything that wasn't readily available was immediately provided by the front desk.	
Apr 11 2008 	Clean and Comfortable!	We stayed at the Phoenix because we attended a concert at the Great American Music Hall which was walking distance and only minutes away. Having never stayed there before, I was a bit leary when we pulled in the parking lot. Once we were checked in, we entered the courtyard through the gate and were pleasantly surprised. There was a lot of eye candy right away with art sculptures, a great (heated) pool and tropical decor. Our room was very clean and the staff was extremely helpful with thier knowlege of the nieghborhood. Lots of Thai places to eat at on the way to the theater so we found a good restaurant with friendly employees. At the end of the night, we walked back to our room and got a good night of sleep in the king bed -- very comfy! We had cable too and got to watch an A's game before going out. We will definitely go back! Free parking too!	
Apr 7 2008 	...and they are going greener	I've stayed at the Phoenix for business a couple of dozen times, but in March of this year I stayed there with my 9 year old on a quick trip to the Bay Area to help a friend with a project.I have been consistently pleased with my stays at the Phoenix. I was looking forward to taking my son. Once again, this time we, had a great stay. Our room was recently remodeled. My son loved the pool.Much to my pleasure the hotel is working to be a green business.As usual all of the staff were fantastic to deal with in every way.These are a few among many reasons that the Phoenix is my favorite hotel in San Francisco.	
Mar 28 2008 	Decent hotel awful neighborhood	Booked this hotel after reading some of the rave reviews on Tripadvisor... huge mistake. Although the Phoenix is a decent hotel within walking distance from Powell street (cable car stop), it is situated in one of the most &quot;colourful&quot; neighborhoods I've ever seen. If you are used to the sad sight of countless homeless and drug-addicts, then I guess you will find this place acceptable. I did not. Most of them are harmless, unfortunate people, but I felt extremely unconfortable walking these streets in the evening... or even during day time.	
Mar 26 2008	A Fun Place to Stay	We had a great stay at The Phoenix Hotel. The room decorations were very hip and comfortable. Our room had a nice view of the lovely courtyard and pool. We took advantage of specials, such as the day pass to Kabuki Springs Baths and a reduced rate at a gym nearby. Mostly, though, it's the staff that makes this a neat place to stay. Helpful, informed, and just nice people. I would certainly stay again.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great staff a bit noisy	Stayed for two nights. The hotel was very funky and a bit shabby. They appear to be doing work both in the rooms and outside.Best bits - staff very friendly and helpful. Good price. Location handy to most things. (Taxis are cheap anyway). Great bar attached, would have eaten there if it had been open on the Sunday night.Worst bits - noisy next-door neighbours (we could have complained, but chose not to) then construction across the road woke us as 7.30am on Monday morning. The shower leaked, and therefore had about 8 different spray direction.Overall - good price, great potential, great staff. Not as restful as we had hoped.	
Mar 17 2008 	Better than expected	Although its in a dodgy area, The Phoenix is something of a haven away from the street. Its a courtyard motel style setup, and the atmosphere is laid back and helpful. All the staff were excellent, particularly reception and the bar. The continental breakfast is good. The downsides are a) the area. b) the noise (I have never heard so many sirens) and c) the room sound insulation, or rather lack of it. On balance, I found the phoenix a fun and pleasant place to stay for a couple of days.	
Mar 15 2008	A Little Gem	Although it's not much to look at from the street, once you go through the gate and see the little oasis inside, you will be hooked. The pool is great and always warm. The ambiance was great too. The heaters and outdoor seating areas were so nice, especially in the morning while enjoy the free breakfast goodies. The nightclub was nice too. Even though we had many choices, we stayed there the first night and never left the property. Both the hotel staff and the staff in the nightclub were so friendly and helpful. Give it a try.	
Feb 22 2008 	Fantastic. STAY HERE	Booked here for three nights of a seven night stay. Ended up extending that to the full seven nights. Dont let the hotel star rating fool ya its better then most 3 stars Ive stayed in. Rates are good, although could perhaps be a little better when it hits the 159usd mark pr.Anyways. Staff here were really genuine, nice and friendly. And so helpfull. Came to san fran to sightsee and take the place in. And couldnt have happened upon a better hotel to do it from.Beds were exceptional. Room very clean. Nice pool/garden area. And the breakfast was great. Even a good selection of teas there. Plenty of tv stations for when your having an early night or suffering the night before. Very much a cool scene, bands stay there. Artists. Performers. Dug the place and will go back again if Im ever in San Fran.Highly recomended!Barry	
Feb 15 2008 	Fantastic Find Loved the Phoenix!	This is a terrific hotel in a very centrally located San Francisco neighborhood. Yes, its on the edge of the Tenderloin but a short walk down Larkin gets you to Hayes Street. Hang a right and you wind up in Hayes Valley with shopping, art, great restaurants etc. If you like walking continue from Hayes Valley on to the Haight and have a beer at Magnolia's Brewpub (Haight &amp; Masonic).The Phoenix is a reincarnation of the Caravan Motel/Motor Lodge. Cool vintage feel, fun art all around the pool and terrific staff. The Joie de Vivre &quot;chain&quot; is hugely customer oriented and folks at the Phoenix really standout in that regard.We strongly recommend this as a cool getaway spot in The City.We will definitely be back.	
Feb 1 2008 	Very Hip Place	I found this place using TripAdvisor, and wasn't expecting too much. But this place has amazing character and was fun to stay in. The rooms were so-so - nothing great, but they were clean and served its purpose. But the courtyard area was very hip, and the front-desk folks were very friendly. The lounge was closed when we were there (it was a Sunday), but late night they turned on the heat-lamps for me and my friends so we could hang out, which was great. I would recommend this place if you are looking for a cool, hip place with lots of character.	
Jan 31 2008	Rock and roll motel	Really friendly, down-to-earth hotel populated by rock'n'roll wannabes and - if you believe the hype - real stars too. Not when we where there, but no matter - spacious and comfortable room overlooking a delightful swimming pool with lucious plants and faux-Thai bamboo furniture.We managed a swim, despite being January in San Fran, because the pool is heated and a short scamper from any room (they all overlook the courtyard). Al Fresco breakfast is included in the very reasonable price.The restaurant/bar is nice, too, although freeezing despite the open fire. Probably more a summer spot. Only potential problem is noise- Friday night the bar is open outside until 11pm and the walls are a little thin between the rooms, too. But a real personality hotel nonetheless, heartily recommended for the young - or young at heart.	
Jan 29 2008 	No place quite like it!	When we first arrived at the Phoenix, I must admit to having reservations. We arrived late at night after a bumpy plane ride, an even bumpier taxi journey and the realisation that my partner had left all of his laptop gear in the cab (we got it back though). The area looked mean, and we were dismayed at how thin the walls were. However, come the morning and things seemed a lot brighter. the rooms are very big, the bed comfy, and the courtyard supremely funky. It was without a doubt the coolest place I have ever stayed. However, cool does not always guarantee a good night's sleep and on our third night, we weren't quite drunk enough to block out the all-night pool party taking place. We had an early plane to catch so it wasn't ideal! But if you don't mind a bit of noise and plan to party a lot in SF, then this is THE place to stay. No doubt about it!	
Jan 24 2008 	Best place in town	My favourite place to stay while in San FranciscoCasual and relaxed atmosphere for this island in townFriendly staff and clean rooms around a luxuriant gardenI like the swimming pool which is always open even in winter, for a quick dive after my work day The restaurant also has a very nice menu with very original recipes and a very good chefHotel rate is good and free parking makes even an even better dealWifi is perfect: no waiting for login, and its free for JDV membersTried many hotels but this one is my favourite !	
Jan 13 2008 	Outstanding experience	My husband and I stayed for two nights 12/31 and 1/1/8. We were greeted by friendly and knowlegable staff who were able to direct us to a local Thai eatery. They allowed us early access to our room. One of the biggest perks with staying here is that there is FREE parking and it is centrally located. We were attending a concert three blocks away. Once we parked at the hotel we did not get back into our car until we left on the 2nd. It's several blocks to the trolley line which took us to the wharf. We then hoofed our way around the city (Chinatown) and back to the hotel. The rooms are pleasantly decorated, spacious and very clean. We loved the grounds. I didn't feel like I was in a city at all, once you enter the pool area through a secure gate (also 24 hr staff on duty). There, art and greenery abounds. We did not go in the pool (too cold) but many guest did during our stay. They don't call it the &quot;rock and roll hotel&quot; for nothing. Although the staff would not indulge me regarding any famous current guests, we did meet someone very famous while enjoying our morning breakfast. Served poolside, it is the best contental breakfast I have ever had at a hotel. The coffee was outstanding and there were fresh bagels and baked goods as well. Some fresh fruit would have been nice, though. Other than that, I can't think of anything that could have been better.	
Jan 7 2008 	The Pheonix Rocks !	This hotel is great !!, the staff are very friendly and helpful with giving restaurant recommendations and directions. We stayed for New Years, yeah it was loud but we did not mind as the noise was coming from the band that we saw play !! , the pheonix still delivers as a rock hotel. The other nights we stayed it was quite (no more band), you could hear a little street noise, something we were used to from living in the city. Beds were comfy and we fell right to sleep. Don't worry about the neighborhood, just be street smart, the Tenderloin has the largest growing number of family's in San Fran since housing there is not outrgaeous. The staff gave us great directions as to avoid the not so pretty streets and we walked everywhere and at all times of the day/night, there is always people around of all walks of life. We really enjoyed the cheap and very tasty Vietnamese food restaurants around (try Pagolac and Mangosteen both on Larkin)Free breakfast was not amazing by any means, standard fare, bake goods, bagels and apples &amp; Oranges. Coffee was decent. All in all a great experience and very central location, 4 blocks to the BART and walking distance to everything (if you like to walk).	
Jan 6 2008	Relaxing CA feeling	Phoenix is great. The neighborhood is NOT dangerous--it has a 'downtown' feel and if you are staying in the front section there is a little street noise, but there are no projects here, which in my opinion are what make SF neighborhoods dangerous. If you have any sense of culinary curiosity, you will appreciate the many Vietnamese, Thai, Indonesian and even a few Japanese restaurants around here.Staff was nice, rooms are spacious, clean, cute, fun, pool is heated, balconies are awesome! But there is a certain je ne sais quoi, a certain relaxing vibe here that is the heart of what makes the Phoenix great. I can't wait to stay again, hopefully in spring or summer. My only complaint was that when i was there, admittedly during freakishly cold weather, the room heater wasn't quite powerful enough to warm the whole room and bathroom.	
Jan 1 2008 	I love this hotel!	I have stayed at the Phoenix about 4-5 times over the past year. Each stay has been with my boyfriend for a romantic getaway. We are not impressed with &quot;fancy&quot; hotels- we like places with personality and unexpected qualities. and The location is at first intimidating, but is really harmless, We have discovered a few amazing restaurants within a 2 block radius of the Phoenix. It is a great place to stay for concerts, clubs, just relaxing. The pool is beautiful, the breakfast is great. The staff is always so nice and friendly, too. The rooms are quiet, clean, safe and really inviting. The price is great, too. I have had some great memories at the Phoenix. I will definitely stay again!	
Dec 20 2007	little oasis	Please don't worry about this location...There are people asking for money on the street but they are totally harmless!. Great value, particularly if you have a car, as parking is free. The rooms are clean and comfortable. We had 4 adults staying in one room with 2 beds. The room is plenty big enough for 4 but the beds a little small, at least by american standards, but really comfortable. Very cool vibe, an oasis in the middle of the city.	
Dec 18 2007	Fun place to Stay!	Just stayed at this hotel recently. I have lived in SF for years and wanted to stay but since I moved away I was able to. This hotel is very funky and fun. The staff are very cool, nice and knowledgeable. The price is about average for SF and the renovated rooms are very comfortable. This is especially a good place for people into live music (many bands stay here) and want a true San Francisco experience. It's close to all the things most people want and even have a map to the best live music venues. Just ask the staff for any help and they will oblige. If you are looking for a fancy, overpriced hotel, this is not the place for you. It is very comfortable, the continental breakfast is good, people seemed to be enjoying the heated pool...it was 48 degrees outside so we passed on that but there were people still partaking. I've heard that the restaurant and nightclub is very good altho we had just danced our &quot;*&amp;^es&quot; off at the Warfield so we were quite beat. All I can say if you want a fun experience, give the Phoenix Hotel a try...it is a better choice for those young or young at heart!	
Dec 5 2007 	Loved the Phoenix	The Phoenix Hotel is Great and the Staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are very comfortable and the courtyard is ideal for hanging out with friends and just relaxing. I was a bit worried about the comments on the surrounding neighborhood because I was bringing teenagers along but we walked all around the surrounding neighborhood and used public transportation all around the city without any problems even at night. We talked to a bunch of the street people in the area and never once did we feel threatened. We walked to and from the Warfield on Market St for a concert at night and it was not an issue. The hotel is in an ideal location for all public transportation including BART and most buses and we went all over the city from the hotel. We did catch a cab a couple times and the front office called one for us and they were at the door in 2 mins very helpful. Would definitely stay here again!	
Nov 25 2007 	Phoenix Hotel rocked!	The hotel is close to the Civic Center BART stop so it's quite easy to get to. Upon our arrival we quickly checked in and had dinner at The Bambuddha Lounge. The food/service was great. Very affordable too. Afterwards we stepped in to the Lounge area where a DJ was spinning tunes.Our room was very clean and tidy. Every morning there was a continental breakfast that was very tasty. The front desk was very helpful and would have a cab out front for us within 5 minutes when we needed one. Kudos to everyone at the front desk!	
Nov 1 2007 	Cool funky hotel	A bright light in a dark place. This hotel is very cool. Friendly and helpful staff. A great courtyard with twinkly lights and a pool where you can sit and relax to some chilled out tunes. A great place to hang out with friends and an excellent restaurant and bar. Great food. Shame the area is so dodgy but once inside you feel relaxed and safe.	
Oct 31 2007 	Hip 	I had my reservations about staying in a &quot;rock&quot; hotel. They didn't last long. The central courtyard was an ideal place to hang out as we were traveling with friends. I loved all the art features and the ambient night lighting. The local area is certainly &quot;colourful&quot; and I was more comfortable taking taxis at night. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Breakfast at first glance looks average. But when I sat and enjoyed mine by the pool - the coffee was excellent, and there was a regularly replenished selection of great pastries. My one request/ suggestion would be a greater selections of juices.All in all - I would go back for sure.	
Oct 31 2007	The Phoenix: Comfortable Safe Haven	I must say the hotel was different from what I was used to but was very suitable for a one night stay. Clean and very friendly staff. The surrounding area of the hotel is horrible, but that is not a refelction of them. The deserve a much better location. They have bright colors and a rock star theme. In my opinon its good for a brief stay. Just BEWARE OF THE NEIGHBORHOOD, but if you cant find something else this location is a safe haven for you in the midst of the jungle.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great unique hotel.	The Phoenix is located in the Tenderloin/Little Saigon area of San Francisco, which can be a little, uh, colorful, to say the least. That's not to say it's a threatening neighborhood; it's not. It's a bit transitional, though. But the Phoenix itself is a great place. Very hip and very friendly. The rooms are appointed in a mid-century modern style, and they're spacious. The staff is professional and very outgoing. The place is very clean and remarkably quiet, given it's located in the heart of the city. I get to San Francisco often and plan to stay there again soon, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone but the most conservative traveler.	
Oct 17 2007 	Great stay at the Phoenix!	My wife and I were in San Francisco to see an AC/DC tribute band playing at Slim's nightclub. On Slim's website, there is a link recommending the Phoenix Hotel, so after checking out the hotel online and liking what we saw, we decided to book a room for a one night stay. The hotel is a unique combination of '50s retro with Asian influences. All of the rooms face an interior courtyard that features a nice pool and sitting area where you can relax and have a cocktail from the Bambuddha Lounge which shares the property. Our room had bright colors, a ceiling fan with wide, bamboo blades, and magazines dedicated to the local music scene in San Francisco. The Phoenix is within walking distance or a short taxi ride to many famous music venues, including Slim's, The Great American Music Hall, and the Warfield Theatre on Market Street. The neighborhood is edgy and unique, but not in the least threatening or intimidating. The friendly staff will direct you to the best of the city's music venues and restaurants, and there is no better city in the world to eat and enjoy a great show!My wife and I have been rock and roll fans since we were in high school in the '70s, and the Phoenix Hotel and the AC/DC music made us feel like we were 18 again. We had a great time.	
Oct 14 2007 	The Phoenix offers something you won't find elsewhere	It has now been five months since we stayed at the Phoenix Hotel. If you are wondering if you will like the place, the information in the reviews here, when taken as a whole, presents a great picture. What is said about the neighborhood is true -- it's gritty. If you are from suburban USA or abroad you might find the down-and-out folks who frequent the area frightening. If you are from a big city, anywhere, you will probably be sufficiently inured to the realities of poverty and street living that you will witness. My teenaged daughter and I navigated the area with no incidents. We did not tempt fate by venturing out late at night.It is true that the hotel itself is not the Ritz. It is more like a Motel 6 done up by a decorator who specializes in garage sale chic. Funky is an apt term, and proudly so. The furnishings are not top of the line, but they function just fine. The beds were great. The bathroom was adequate, just, but very clean. There is a curtain instead of a door on the closet. The TV is average size. There is no AC (but lots of jalousie windows and a ceiling fan). The front desk is staffed by a very young and hip group with piercings, fashion hair styles and rock star clothing. They were all friendly, but none would pass muster at a four or five star place. Expecting the expertise of a four or five star hotel staff would be unfair. On the other hand, their enthusiasm and verve makes up for polish. We asked about bus routes and the staff bent over backwards to find us maps and explain the best ways to get around. And, their advice was flawless.We were not there on a weekend so I cannot address the noise issue. The Bambudda restaurant shares the hotel's patio space. One of my favorite comments from a reviewer here was about the surreal scene of urban hipsters dressed to the nines enjoying a date on the bar patio by the pool, whilst children who are guests of the hotel splash in the same pool. True, true. An experience for both.The gardens are the thing that would take me back to this hotel again and again. Opening your hotel door -- especially if you are on a ground floor room -- is a true California experience. Outside your room is a paradise of Pacific flora, from hibiscus and bouganvillia to banana trees. There are lawns, manicured walkways and little alcoves with benches where you can sit and read, or close your eyes and soak up the peace. You will forget that there is a city outside the garden gates. The garden is a haven for birds. Breakfast is set out by the pool each morning. Having a peaceful breakfast in the lush garden beats any hotel breakfast room in the city, in my opinion.City bus service is great. I highly recommend looking up routes for transportation ahead of time. We were able to get to the hotel by taking the BART from the airport to Civic Center, and walking a few blocks. Bus service comes within a block of the hotel. Also, I recommend that you join the Joie de Vivre guest program. The Hotel Bijou site has a link, I think, or at least their parent hotel site does. It is free, but &quot;buys&quot; you a nice little welcoming gift. We had bottled water and a chocolate waiting in the room, with a welcome card from the staff. Yeah, it made us feel special. :) This is a special hotel. If you read the reviews here, and think it sounds like the sort of place you'd like, you are probably right. Have a great trip!	
Oct 11 2007 	LOVED THE PHOENIX	From the moment we checked in to the moment we checked out we were treated so wonderful. The office staff was extremely efficient and accomidating. Our rooms were very clean and comfortable. The brunch in the morning was more than adequite. The pool was very nice and warm. I would recommend the Phoenix to anyone looking for a great place to stay. What a find!!!	
Oct 3 2007 	Great place great staff	stayed at the Phoenix hotel for a work meeting during a week that , due to a dentist convention and the Folsom Street fair weekend, all other hotels were booked, I initially only had the room for 3 days to the week end and was going to have to move to another hotel for the week end, I liked the hotel so much that I asked to extend there and the staff were great and let me know when there was a cancellation so I could stay,staff were very nice and accomodating, knew all about the area and san francisco in general, this is not the hotel for the faint hearted, that is , it is in the Tenderloin, a very dicey neighborhood with lots of street people, but it was a very cool place, 50s style, two story small motel with funky eclectic art, a trendy (too trendy ) bar that was filled with fashionable 20 somethings, the courtyard and pool were great, the breafast was just bagels and muffins but there was great coffee, tea and oj. there is wifi access, FREE parking (must be last place in San fran with that), I had two different rooms, one was great and had a separate sitting area, the other had a balcony but was louder, due to its location. good price and nice people, there was a wedding with a bunch of middle class people from the midwest who were not sure how to take the mixture of types of people (european tourists, gay couples, wanna be rock and rollers) but everyone tolerated each other and a good time was had by all	
Sep 27 2007 	A 'find' in San Francisco	Located on the edge of the tenderloin, the Phoenix is literally an oasis with a heated pool. The staff is more than friendly and the property has been upgraded and is perfectly located for walking to the Civic Center, the Asian Art Museum, the Opera and the Symphony. The neighborhood is a bit seedy but filled with Asian restaurants and the street people can be avoided by walking a block or two away. The crowd from the lounge spills into the courtyard, but the staff is very good about cutting off the noise at 10 PM on weekdays. If you are staying over a weekend, it gets a bit rowdy around the pool until cutoff time which is later. Join the 'Joy of Life Club' (just google it) before booking a room for some extra treats and check out their other properties,,, great little hotel chain!	
Aug 31 2007 	the best place to stay in san fran	what a truely unique hotel! forget all the comments about its bad location. there are bums and street people everywhere in san francisco, that is just part of the city. i found where the phoenix was, in location to everything else...PERFECT. 10 walking blocks from union square and about 3 from the bus routes which can take you pretty much anywhere. the staff was extremely helpful. upon arrival they gave us and map and told us how to get around. we were also able to check in 4 hours early. ive heard it gets loud during the week because of the bambudda lounge, but we stayed on sunday and it was beyond quiet. the room was big, clean, very open, and had great reading material. went swimming at night and the pool looked beautiful. the lounging areas, statues, and art in the courtyard all add to the amazing ambiance of the phoenix. free parking doesnt hurt either!	
Aug 7 2007 	Very relaxing and nice artistic ambiance	Although Phoenix Hotel is located in a bit of a rough neighborhood, the grounds are relaxing and beautifully done with an Asian garden theme. There is a great bar located onsite known for good dance DJs. However, it is a lounge that closes a bit early on weekdays. The staff are friendly and can help you find good places to eat and explore around San Francisco. The coffee was fresh and I really enjoyed swimming in the pool on an unusually warm morning. Coming from the tropics, I also appreciated the tropical theme of the gardens to take the edge off of being in a big U.S. city.	
Aug 1 2007 	Unique Funky and Comfortable	Recently stayed at The Phoenix after two weeks of traveling the coast of CA. Was recommended from my cuz and the price seemed very fair for SF. The courtyard really sets the mood for your stay. With different sculpters, meditation huts, and the heated number 9 pool. Which I reccomend swimming in after the sun has set. The room provided just what we needed from a convience and comfort standpoint. The room also had it's Phoenix touch, with colorful and stimulating decore. It was the pefect way to end our trip and I look forward to my next trip to SF and another stay at The Phoenix.	
Jul 31 2007 	Great for the price	If you've never been to San Francisco and you want opulence, you shouldn't stay at The Phoenix. The Tenderloin is one of the least savory neighborhoods in the city and the hotel itself is geared more towards mildly successful rock musicians, or people who like to consider themselves as such, or people who like to consort with the above.However! If you're looking for an offbeat, cheap, fun, clean hotel perfectly located for easy access to most of what SF has to offer (or at least to transportation that affords easy access), with fantastic service and great food options nearby, The Phoenix is your place. You won't find another hotel in San Francisco quite like it. A free parking space comes with the room, but you probably won't need your own transportation once you're here because the subway and bus are within a couple of blocks, and much of the action is walkable.The hotel itself has a lot of character with a charming courtyard and pool, palm trees, and the occasional quirky Polynesian touch. Rock 'n' Roll is there to stay, too, with music recommendations in the lobby and, when I was there, a rock band tour bus-looking vehicle in the parking lot and a Smashing Pumpkins van.Absolutely the only drawback of the hotel is that it is in the Tenderloin, which ceases to be as much of an issue once you've acclimated to the many &quot;charms&quot; of San Francisco.Recommended!	
Jul 27 2007 	Laid back Phoenix Hotel worth checking out	Stayed twice at the Phoenix Hotel - once with my teen son, and once with my daughter. Will definitely stay there again. Felt welcomed, comfortable. Breakfast by the outdoor poor was relaxing; wonderful place to hang out, read the paper, etc. Staff attentive, friendly, helpful. Room was very clean, non-pretentious. Loved the greeting card, wine, chocolates. On-site parking an added bonus. Neighborhood is a bit sketchy, but not a deterrent. Easy to get around the city from here.	
Jul 26 2007 	A perfect fit for me	I've stayed at the Phoenix on two trips, been very happy both times, and will stay there again the next time San Francisco calls. Yes, it isn't for everyone, but I think it's pretty easy to figure out which camp you fall into. I found the location central and convenient to mass transit, the room comfortable, and the slightly-edgy retro atmosphere charming, attractive and pleasantly unstuffy. The hipster folks at the front desk were friendly and welcoming. If the noise from the bar (which I'll admit I didn't particularly care for) is an issue for you, request a room at the back of the courtyard, sheltered a bit behind trees and gardens from the scene out front.	
Jul 23 2007 	Fun at the Phoenix	After staying at so many corporate type hotels this past month, it was such a refreshing change to stay at a unique place like the Phoenix. Staff were friendly and extremely helpful, room was nice, and the inner courtyard/pool was a neat place to chill &amp; enjoy wireless access. Also had a fun time because when I checked in on a Sunday the hotel was hosting a pool party, so got to meet some interesting people - but contrary to some of the reviews I had read, the party wrapped up at 8 and other than that the place was really quiet for the rest of the time. I will definitely stay here again next time I'm in San Francisco.	
Jul 10 2007 	All happening at The Phoenix	Don' t be put off by the location of The Phoenix. Being in the heart of the Tenderloin District for me only added to it's appeal &amp; character.We stayed here on two separate ocassions during our trip to the USA &amp; both times were able to check in early. Terrific when arriving after long travel days.The staff were helpful &amp; booked tours, taxis etc on request. They even recommend a terrific hairdresser. (Thanks Pam !!) The rooms are clean &amp; comfortable with plenty of room.Noise levels can be high depending on what type of function is on at the Bambudda Bar. Definitely not for light sleepers, those who don't like to party or watch other people having a good time. Would recommend the Phoenix if you want a to meet a broad range of fellow travellers &amp; experience another side of San Francisco. Would go back in a flash.	
Jul 6 2007 	I like the Phoenix	I started staying at the Phoenix about 3 years ago. I go up to SF several times a year to see bands play. I have always been happy with my room, the staff, and my stay in general. I've stayed there about 10 times.There is nothing fancy or luxurious about it, but everything is clean. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. Lots of spots are within walking distance, and everything no more than a $7 taxi ride away.I am a sound sleeper and the noise never bothers me.The neighborhood is commercial/retail and it is a big city. You see lots of normal people and plenty of weird street people. I've walked back to the hotel from clubs at 1 AM and never had any problems.In the morning, the continental breakfast is good, and eating it out by the pool is cool. For lunch, there are a million options in the neighborhood. In the evening, the Bambuddha lounge (physically part of the hotel) is a very good restaurant and the bar has a happening happy hour with good stiff drinks for a reasonable price.You see guests dressed up in suits going out to dinner, and guests dressed up in leather, ripped denim, and safety pins going out to slam dance. It is a diverse place!My wife went up by herself in May to see the Dali Lama at the Civic Auditorium. She stayed 2 nights and loved it! She was mad I hadn't told her how cool it was. She insisted we stay there on our next trip to San Francisco together. That was at the end of June for 3 nights and we really enjoyed it.Photos are here flickr.com/photos/milesgehm/tags/phoenixhotel/	
Jul 5 2007 	First stay in SF	This was my first trip to San Francisco.Loved the city and loved this hotel. Yes the Tenderloin is a crap neighbourhood but I have been in worse.The Phoenix is a little oasis, literally with the pool and pagoda's etc, and I found it to be an excellent recommendation from a friend.The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable about the area and places to hang out.The room was funky and fairly stylishly decorated.Place had a nice atmosphere.Had a quick meal and a drink in the bar (bambudha lounge?) which was excellent.All in all when I go back to SF I will be staying here again!!	
Jul 5 2007	Absolutely Horrible!	I'm an extremely forgiving and liberal person and really enjoyed the off-beat feel of the hotel itself. And the front-desk people were nice. But the entire experience was absolutely ruined by the incredibly loud pounding music from the BamBuddha Lounge. The music and loud shouting by drunken patrons of the lounge went on until after one o'clock in the morning. I complained to the front desk and was told that this was common. They apologized but couldn't do anything about it. I might add that the street noise--the hotel is in a very rough part of town--adds to the overall chaos. Stay away from this place!	
Jun 22 2007 	Rock'N'Rleax at Phoenix	I was at the Phoenix for both a Thursday and a Friday night. The first night, I had a standard King room. It was a bit loud, but that was more because there were tons of ambulances on the street. It got really quiet around 1am. On Friday I upgraded to a Delux King room and man it was worth it. It is quiet, private and fantastic. My room had a four poster bed, a sitting room, a nice bathroom and a fridge and a microwave. Also, the complementary wine was nice too. If you are going to stay here, join the Jois de Vivre club. You get free upgrades, free wine/cocktail/sparkling wine, and free wireless. I really enjoyed my stay and I highly recommend it. It is not the best place for walking, but it has a lot of style and great breakfast.	
Jun 22 2007 	Was dissapointed	I had accepted that the area we were going to be staying in was roughand that it would be noisy and I was willing to accept all that as it has a great restaurant and bar on site. However you could never get into Bambuddah lounge as they constantly had it closed for private parties and then just closed over the 5 night. There are way better places to stay if you are going to do some touristy sites wereyou can possibly have a quiet enough space for an afternoon nap at the very least before heading out as morning, noon and night that place is hard to get some uninterrupted sleep.	
May 30 2007 	What a Great Place!	A bunch of friends chose to stay at the Civic Center Inn up the street, but after checking out the Phoenix's website, I knew this is where I wanted to be. And I was not mistaken! The room was clean, bright, and a bit on the eccentric side...which was a good thing for me! The staff was friendly and incredibly helpful. I remember reading a review warning about noise from the club, but I didn't have a problem with it at all. The courtyard has its own flavor and, in a way, looked out of place from anything you'd think you'd see in San Francisco. But that's what made this place so great! My friends who visited me from the Civic Center Inn were jealous. For not much more money, I got a place that would make my trip far more memorable, a place that only added to my experience. Especially when compared to their bland choice. I plan on going back soon and trying out the lounge and the pool. But I guarantee you, I will be back to the Phoenix every time I go to the City!	
May 25 2007 	Good hotel in an OK location	If youre into progressively decorated hotels with a hip feel to them then youll love this place. It has an awesome courtyard area with a pool and mini pagodas to sit in. We were there on a rare San Francisco warm and sunny spring weekend so we enjoyed the pool which added to the appeal of the place. The staff was really nice and were very accommodating with some special needs we had. The price was average for this town; the Civic hotel is right around the corner and has cheaper rooms but its a typical 2 star place. If you just need a place to sleep and act as a staging place to explore the city then stay at the Civic, but if the hotel stay is part of the adventure of your trip then stay at the Phoenix.	
May 19 2007	Phoenix Hotel Rocks	Hello folks! The Phoenix Hotel is truely great. Its my home away from home.. I stay there 6-10 times a year when Im up to the City to see shows/concerts. Yeah, its a bit loud at times.. it is a rock'n'roll hotel after all! Go there knowing that it most likely will be a bit loud late. Just go get yourself a fabulous Mojito from the restaurant across the courtyard, grab one of the interesting magazines that are in your room, go out by the pool and chill for a bit. Im not sure how to say this... but, umm.. theres always some creative artist types around.. this place is just cool. The rooms are newly renovated and very comfortable. Joint their Joy Of Life rewards club.. its free and you'll get a free bottle of wine in your room apon arrival. And I simply cannot say enough about the staff.. Super sweet and helpfull with anything you might need.. Diana is a pure sweetheat and always remembers me when I walk to the check in counter. Oh, and the free breakfast is very good. Pastry, bagles, juice.. and GOOD coffee (none of that brown water junk some hotels serve!).. free newspapers, beautiful courtyard. As you can see I love this hotel and can recommend it.. I wont stay anywhere else when I go to SF. ~give me the beat boy and free my soul, wanna get lost in that rock and roll and drift away~	
May 15 2007 	Noisy cheap	When I checked in at 3:00 P.M. my room was not ready, and a major party was going on outside in the courtyard with blaring rock music. I got into my room about 3:30 but the party may as well have been indoors. The rooms are quite exposed and have limited privacy. The party continued till about 8:00 P.M. The rest of the week was relatively quiet and peaceful. Also the room had no air conditioning, which is usually not a problem in San Francisco, but was that weekend. On the other hand it's the cheapest hotel I've found downtown.	
May 2 2007	horrible experience	i thought this would be an interesting hotel, the photographs all looked very cool and the price was definately on target.When we arrived the check in was quick and friendly, we even hung out with Rachel at the front desk one night. That was the only good night we had.The following nights were doors slamming, people drunk out of their minds yelling over to their friends from across the compound from 1am until about 4am, by our last night we called to complain 3 times b/c a man was sitting outside of his room with the door open and music blasting. The night staff went to ask him to turn it down, and we heard his conversation. He was actually apologizing to the guy blaring his music and pointed out our room and said &quot;yeah, it's them again...they're complaining&quot;. So, there was no incentive for anyone to keep quiet for the sake of the other guests. My only resort was to lie in bed wide awake, until 5am, when my taxi was coming to take me to the airport. And he was still out there, drunk and blaring music.If you're into staying up all night , night after night- by all means, stay at the Phoenix. If you actually want to sleep, avoid at all costs.	
Apr 29 2007 	An Oasis in the big City!	We loved this hotel! It was charming and hip. The staff was very friendly. The restaurant next door was very good asian fusion cuisine. We liked that we could walk through the hotel courtyard and have a really great meal. I would stay here again!	
Apr 22 2007	Great bargain	Great price (about $110) for a clean, funky place right in downtown SF. Staff was very pleasant.	
Apr 19 2007 	Brilliant !	It was, as always, an absolutely pleasure to stay at the Phoenix. Friendly staff, easy check-in, and great rooms, especially compared to the price.Can't wait to come back!Jonas Jacobsen, Copenhagen, Denmark	
Apr 16 2007	The way to experience the REAL San Francisco!	Having been to San Francisco before, my partner and I decided that we wanted a REAL San Francisco hotel; centrally located, with some personal touches, inexpensive yet with the amenities we would pay 2 or 3X's for normally. And as for the location, sure the Tenderloin is sketchy but you are truly in the heart of EVERYTHING!Our room was pleasant and had all of the amenities any traveller would need. Yes, it was loud until early morning Sunday but hey, you should know that weekends can be that way before you go. The restaurant, Bambudda Lounge, which is actually in the hotel but not affiliated, was a great place for an ecelectic and delicious dinner. It catered to a wide variety of a crowd. And, as for the service at the Phoenix - impeccable. The front desk was very helpful on anything we asked - from restaurants to directions. Overall, we had a GRAND time in San Francisco and the Phoenix helped!Kevin PalmerFrank SchneiderChicago, IL	
Mar 31 2007 	Best Deal in S.F.	The Phoenix is very clean and extremely friendly. The atmosphere is tropical with a great pool and a good restaurant/lounge. It will be my place to stay from now on in San Francisco	
Mar 30 2007	Perfect for the girls!	One of friends found this hotel for the two San Fran nights that kicked off our girls trip. The property itself was great. Lots of interesting art and sculptures and warm and funky decorated rooms - kind of in a tiki style. The room itself just had a really colorful, fun vibe. The bedding was awesome - comfy (a priority for me), the bathrooms were clean and there was lots of space. We'd had a chance to walk a lot around the surrounding neighborhood, and I have to say I did not feel unsafe but there are more prosperous parts of town. That said, the two other gals took a run after dark and were fine. Breakfast was super, lots of choices, coffee, juice, bagels, fruit, toast, pop tarts, croissants, etc. The only thing we were unaware of was the $20 per night charge to have our 3rd person in the room. So if there are more than 2 of you, take that into account if price is a priority. One perk if you're staying in this hotel - you get free admission to the buddha lounge, adjacent to the Phoenix check in. It's a fun spot with really great music, actually. Didn't make it there the first night but stopped there the 2nd before bed and people were having a blast.	
Mar 29 2007 	Old SF feel + tiki lounge style 	I loved my stay at the Phoenix hotel. A friend of mine who lives in SF recommended the hotel to me. She mentioned it may not be a good place to stay on my business trip, however, I found it to be very accommodating and quiet. The BART station is just 5 blocks from the hotel - a nice brisk walk away. The Bambudda Lounge has excellent food (the best edamame ever) and provides a nice happy hour. The outside patio is very romantic- it has cushion seats, a warm fireplace and outdoor speakers playing soft tropical tunes. The pool is warm and clean. The teak lounge chairs that surround the pool area were a great place to enjoy the SF sunshine as well as the complimentary magazines that were in my room- Paper, 7x7, and one other. The staff was polite and attentive- they provided wakeup calls and recommended restaurants w/in the area. The room was bright, spacious and very clean. I was very pleased with my stay at the Phoenix and can't wait to return.	
Mar 28 2007	Hidden Gem	This is our third stay at the Phoenix. It has such a great atmosphere. The rooms are always clean, and a nice size. The grounds are tropical and the rooms feel like you are on a tropical vacation with their bamboo, and ceiling fans. Since we are members of the Joy of Life Club (a free benefit) we get some freebies when we arrive including a drink and chocolate to start our stay. The free continental breakfast and a heated pool are great extras. No charge for parking is unheard of in San Francisco. And their room rates are unbeliveable. The location, right on the edge of the Tenderloine district, might scare off some but don't let it or you'll be missing out on a great place to stay. There is a restaurant on site, easy food like KFC and pizza just blocks away, or great restaurants just a couple miles away. The wharf is only three miles. And the staff is always wonderful. Very helpful, full of information, and always willing to give any assistance they can. We won't stay anyplace else anymore when we are visiting the city.	
Mar 27 2007 	Fun Inexpensive Place to enjoy the Civic Center Area	Really a fun place to stay. Wonderful restaurant on site. We were probably the oldest guests in residence and dining--but felt welcomed and comfortable. Had some concerns about the noise from the patio bar--but it ended amazingly promptly at around 11 PM! Easy walking (away from the Tenderloin) toward VanNess--multi-screen indie movie theatre nearby--many dining options. We were staying because of promixity to the Federal Building, but will return just for fun. It's also a real bargain and we belong to the Joy of Life affinity club for this small hotel chain, so had a couple of extra goodies thrown in for free.	
Mar 10 2007	Bohemian Rhapsody in the City	This was my fourth stay here and I feel like this hotel is an old friend. The grounds are terrific- a tiny tropical-artsy oasis on the edge of the tenderloin. The staff is friendly and helpful, and this attidtude even seems to rub off on interactions with the other guests. The breakfast buffet is tasty and fresh, with quality coffee and teas, not the usual motel fare at all. The rooms are attractivelydecorated, not elegant, but creative and comfy, and the price is right- especially when you take the free parking into account.	
Mar 5 2007 	Loved the environment	Great atmosphere. The friendly environment that this place creates is unbeatable. The Bambudda lounge is awesome. The location is near the Tenderloin district, but if you are street smart you will be fine outside the hotel. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because my room needed some renovations. But I was told that the hotel would be renovating pretty soon. I would definitely stay there again once renovations are done.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great hotel. Will stay again next time...definitely!	I travel to San Francisco a lot and have had more than my share of less-than-desirable hotel stays there. But the Phoenix - I was very impressed. The courtyard/swimming pool area is beautiful and very relaxing. The room was spacious, clean and nicely designed. The shower was awesome. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The bed was comfy. I like the location - central to everything - on the edge of the Tenderloin but not in the worst part of it. There are many decent restaurants, bars and clubs within walking distance. The guests were, as a whole, quite young and hip. Because of the courtyard you don't get the street noise that you do in many other hotels in San Francisco. They let me check in quite early, which was very nice after a long, cramped, early morning flight from Chicago. My only minor complaints were that the room had only a small heater which didn't seem to work 100%, so I was a bit chilly for a while, and my room didn't come equipped with a frig, which would have come in handy. Also the only chairs in the room were made of bamboo and weren't very comfortable. But, I can't say enough good things about how awesome the courtyard area is. I'd like to go back when it's warm enough to swim. I absolutely loved The Phoenix, and will definitely stay there when I visit next time.	
Aug 15 2006 	Lovely retro motel clean and fun good location.	Prior to staying at the Pheonix in August 2005, I read reviews on this site that warned of nighttime noise and other problems. While the place is famed as a rock-n-roll hotel (and the earnestness of the staff's rocker &quot;look&quot; is a little funny/silly), we didn't find it too loud at all. However, it's not the kind of place you stay if you're in town for early business meetings. We stayed up half the night entertaining friends in our room, but we did not receive any complaints from our neighbors, nor were we at any time disturbed by them. I remember from years ago that the hotel bar here was very fashionable, cool, and fun, but this no longer seems to be the case - it was pretty much a dud, very dark, deserted, and too loud. But the pool and pool area were lovely, the staff were friendly, and the room - while certainly not luxe - was clean and comfortable. It could have been a little bigger, though, seeing as how we had a king-size bed. See the attached, very blurry picture for an idea of how pretty the courtyard looks at night.The Tenderloin is wacky, for sure - NOT the cleanest or calmest of urban areas, but that, to me, is part of the experience. My boyfriend and I walked to and from the hotel after dark, but you may want to avoid doing this if homeless people cause you alarm. I would highly recommend the Pheonix for people travelling for fun with friends or partners.	
Aug 15 2006 	Fun and Funky Place to Stay in San Francisco	This hotel is not for everyone, but I got the sense of that after reading about it on their website and on Trip Advisor. We needed a place to stay for one night before we flew back home, so I figured I'd give the Phoenix a try.We got in later in the evening. I was tired from being in the car all day. Parking was difficult - very small lot and not enough spaces, but we got the car squeezed in and checked in. The front desk clerk was pleasant, but definitely had his own &quot;style,&quot; which I could see might put someone else off. I was too tired to spend much time chatting. We had a lot of stuff to take out of the car and repack for flying the next day, so the fact that there was parking right there, easily accessible, was a plus. Our hotel was on the first floor - opens right into the courtyard. It was Friday night and the Bambuddaha Lounge was rockin'!! It was such a vibrant scene of young people partying. We thought it was pretty funny and if we hadn't been so exhausted, would have gotten changed and checked out the scene. The heated pool was small, but very funky. It is open late, which is nice, and their were young kids playing in the pool, right near all these hip young party-goers, which was neat to see.The hotel is so funky - decorated with lots of interesting art. The rooms are standard '60s motel rooms repainted and furnished to make them seem hip and current. The room was big and comfortable. My only critique would be the bathroom needed a little updating - but even that was fun with a funky shower curtain and kitchy duck decales in the tub.The noise from the club was pretty loud. If you are looking for a quiet retreat, I wouldn't recommend staying here on a Friday night. I think they close down at 2 a.m., we had no trouble getting to sleep, but the big windows don't block out all the noise. We had fun listening to drunk people try to carry on conversations and pick up girls/boys. I woke up around 4 a.m. and could still hear people talking outside.We took advantage of the continental breakfast by the pool. A very nice spread for a continental breakfast and it was nice to have it right out the door by the pool. They have these cool &quot;cabana&quot; type things set up with curtains and people were having their breakfast there. We opted for poolside chairs. The best part was that they included Pop Tarts in the offerings - how cool is that?!Overall, it was a fun experience. The neighborhood was not a great one and it was bit off-putting to get a note about car vandalism and theft when you got your parking tag. I'm not sure I would rush back to stay here next time I'm in San Francisco, but I'm not disappointed I tried it. If you are young, like to party, and can appreciate the kitchy fun atmosphere, I say, go for it!!!	
Jul 6 2006	Travelers Beware!	I read the reviews and decided to book a 2-day stay hoping to have a unique experience. As a former resident of San Francisco, I was well aware of the Tenderloin area. The only measure of security is a gated entrance to the courtyard. There is no 24-hour security or staff on duty. The parking lot is small and fills up fast. Your car is exposed to passers-by. The rooms have glass louver windows which means they are not secure and do not give you any kind of sound barrier to outside noise... noise from the Bambuddha bar/restaurant until 11pm and noise from other guests all through the night. I am not a light sleeper but I was disturbed several times throughout the night and finally had to use the 'white noise' function on the clock radio in the room to mask the noise. Instead of extending my stay, I went online and found a 4-star deluxe hotel for much less for the next two nights. I paid $139/night for a weekend stay. There are much better prices for much better hotels in San Francisco. Avoid The Phoenix! Others have mentioned the rude front desk staff. I also found 2 of the 3 front desk personnel to be rude/arrogant as others have commented.	
May 27 2006	Life is good to me so far	well we have just arrived and i have stayed here before and absolutely LOVED it.we felt like we had walked onto a movie set when i stayed here 3 years ago.the price has definitely gone up and it was well worth the value 3 years ago- butnow might be quite comparable to other $100+ hotels you can stay at in SF.However staff is extremely friendly, its great to have parking and you cant beat the heated pool.Also there are lovely fun and lively people all over the place and they serve breakfast complimentary.so far our check in was great my only complaint was the rise in price and the fact that other JDV hotels offer web discounts if you book for more than one night.	
May 25 2006	a nice oasis in san francisco	It is true that this Hotel is located in the Tenderloin neighborhood ... but that means it's a quick walk to almost all the downtown attractions, plus very close to the Symphony and the Opera on Van Ness. At night, the atmosphere can be very tranquil inside the lovely courtyard which boasts an amazing pool to lounge around. The continental breakfast is served outside in the morning as well, and what a nice way to start the day! There are bands that stay at this hotel, and it does have a rock-&amp;-roll history, but it never seems to get out of control - and the people on the street that seemed to scare some of the other people posting on tripadvisor exist in every major city. A special bonus is the care &amp; attention given by most of the staff - especially Pam the manager. All in all, it's a very relaxing retreat right in the middle of a busy city - and I'd definitely stay there again!	
Feb 17 2006 	Definitely not for everyone	Stayed here one night and agree with most of the postings, this is a motor inn with some very minor updates, not a Kimpton Hotel by any stretch either if you know what I mean. The staff was friendly and the pool is clean but the Tenderloin is an acquired taste and the rooms are very average.	
Jan 31 2006 	No never again	I was recently on tour with a band and stayed at the Phoenix. The only good thing I can say about this place is that they have parking for touring buses and vans. Other than that - the desk personnel was rude and made HORRIBLE recommedations for food. The neighborhood is riddled with crackheads. The hotel itself is motel-style with NO frills. I felt like I was staying at a boot camp for bad kids...	
Jan 22 2006	Rock'n'Roll - If you're there at the right time	If you're looking for the action, it's probably here. During our stay, we did see a couple bands coming, going, and chilling. We were there three nights. Two of those nights, the restaurant and bar were closed -- we knew that in advance. What we didn't know was that they'd be closed the third night, too, to host a private party. It worked out okay -- the desk staff gave us good advice as to where we could walk from there to get dinner. But not as convenient as having things on-site.The rooms were pretty basic, but with some fun frills thrown in for those in-the-know, like Spin and Filter magazines on the nightstand. The pool area was a good place to lounge about, but I'm not sure it ever gets very sunny there. The hotel was fairly quiet at night, which is quite a feat, considering the parties that were going on.This hotel is not for everyone. The breakfast and coffee are so-so, and there aren't too many little niceties that you might expect to find in a &quot;boutique hotel.&quot; Also, it IS in the Tenderloin district -- not the most comfortable place for non-urbanites, I'm guessing. (You'll find lots of drunks and junkies lying about if you walk around the area, especially at night. There was nothing that scared us, but I realize that just seeing this kind of thing is pretty scary to some people.) We had a good time, though -- especially my teenage daughter, who loved the place. I liked it that it was within a long-ish walk to all the major &quot;attractions&quot; -- Union Square, Chinatown, etc. Also it's just a few blocks from a BART station, if you like to take that route. For our needs - a clean, comfortable place with a bit of fun and &quot;something different&quot; thrown in - it was just the ticket. We will return soon.	
Jan 17 2006	Interesting Hotel in a colourful neighbourhood	We stayed here for four nights it was also our first time to San Fran so we had quite hopeful expectations of this hotel, which has billed itself as a rock and roll motel. First impressions when you pull into the car park is that this tiny motel is dwarfed by all the bigger building around it. The reception area is just as you would expect from any motel anywhere. We had booked a king deluxe which is basically the same as the standard room but with a fridge and coffeemaker. The rooms are quite a good size and the furnishing are nice and modern, the bathroom was quite small but it was adequate, the room was clean and seemed to have anything you could require, maid service was quick and efficient.The things that set this motel apart is the pool area which is like a little oasis with lovely seating area and a sun trap even in the cold January weather infact if your brave the pool is heated. The other thing that improves this hotel is the Bambudda Bar and Restaurant which is quite smart for such a small motel and has a really lovely seating area with a fire in the courtyard, we had a lovely meal and it was great when you got back in the evening to have drink under the stars.Now for the biggest drawback of this place and that is the location. When we booked we were completely unaware quite what a COLOURFUL area it was in, it true as described in other reviews that the surrounding streets do seem to be home to a vast number of homeless, druggies, pimps and prostitutes however it's not as bad as it sounds as we walked everwhere day and night and we never had a single problem or for that matter an encounter with any of them, they didn't approach us or ask for anything.So once you get past this fact then I think that considering the price and the fact you get free parking and it's not a holiday inn or a Marriott then it's quite a breath of fresh air it's as unique as San Fran (but maybe not as rock and roll)	
Jan 4 2006	Don't Stay at the Phoenix Hotel!	My husband and I travel to San Francisco all the time and stayed at a lot of hotels. The Phoenix Hotel is by far the worst hotel we have ever stayed at. I am writing this review because I am shocked at the high rating for this hotel. It is located in the worst area of San Francisco (Tenderloin). The area is full of junkies, hookers, and homeless people. Even the locals avoid the area. We had to walk around many blocks to avoid that area just to get to our hotel.The room smelled, the walls were thin, and it was extremely loud (until 4 am). The bathroom was absolutely disgusting. The sheets weren't clean (they had &quot;brown&quot; stains ont them. Hookers and junkies hang out right outside the hotel.We would have switched hotels after the first night but we were traveling with friends so we were kind of stuck there.If you are on a budget, you can find nicer hotels in San Francisco. I can't even say, that if you are looking for a good time, this hotel is the place to stay. Families, please do not stay here, it is seriously not worth explaining to your kids what hookers and junkies are. I will say this though, the staff at the front desk were very nice.	
Nov 12 2005	This Hotel Is About As Rock 	Ok so I'll be honest this hotel is by no means bad, in fact it's quite nice. It doesn't look as shiny &amp; new as it does it the pics, but that's no surprise. The Bambuddha Bar is hardly kicking, there were no rock n roll types, very little partying &amp; in fact most of the people that were there when we stayed had little kiddies! Breakfast on the patio was good with bagels &amp; pastries n stuff YUM! I would not park my car in the car park as the area is a bit seedy &amp; iffy. If you do decide to go wandering around the Tenderloin at night, be sensible &amp; have your wits about you as we saw a fight within seconds of stepping out of the carpark &amp; I do not think it would be a good area to be drunk lost &amp; British. Although the area is not great San Francisco is so small &amp; well connected with transport links that it doesn't matter. Good hotel but not for rock n roll types!	
Nov 2 2005 	Staying with kids...	This hotel is a great place to stay. I went to SF on business and brought the kids (9 and 15) with me. I liked the fact that the hotel had a heated outdoor pool all year around. My kids used it more than once a day. The courtyard requires keycard access during the day which made me feel safer about the kids being alone at the hotel while I was working. At night the bar crowd spills over into the pool area, but even then the kids had fun swimming and even chatted some with the locals. The staff were kind enough to give us a room furthest from the nightly activity so the noise didn't bother us. Everything shut down at 10pm each week night and 11pm on the weekends, so that was a reasonable time. It was also only 4 blocks from the BART station. We rode the BART to Market and Spear, walked a block to the F-Line and rode it right to Pier 39. The parking is *free* and simple to maneuver into, which is not easy to find in SF. The hotel is old which only becomes apparent inside the rooms, but the place is clean and decorated very cutely. The beds were comfy and the water pressure ROCKS! The courtyard has various statues and artwork that add a lot to the character. The staff was really helpful in directions and with the public transportation information. The Phoenix is definately worth looking into if you don't mind a little bit of partying in the evenings. I will definately return to this hotel.	
Oct 24 2005	Hot Fun Hotel	Ok, so be prepared when you drive up that this place is different. I went in with doubt, but what a great kept secret. The rooms are more than comfortable. Make sure that you take a room on the second floor. The rooms have your basic's and that's pretty much it, Basics.	
Oct 10 2005	Not my style	Just got back from SF and stayed one night at the Phoenix----thought we would be adventurous and the place sounded cool. In reality it's an old motel in a scary neighborhood. It looks more refurbished on the website. We parked our car in the lot for free but I guess you get what you pay for....when we woke up the next moring our car, along with four other cars, got broken into between midnight and 8am. I would suggest their other hotels, Hotel Carlton and The Adagio. The two were much nicer hotels in nicer neighborhoods for $20-$40 more---well worth the extra $$$.	
Sep 7 2005	Excellent Value!	The Phoenix was a breath of fresh air--no cookie cutter hotel experience here!We stayed for four nights in August and loved it. Yes, the noise level is a bit high on the weekend nights but there has to be a price for funkiness.The rooms was spacious and clean. The bathrooms could do with some 'refurbishment' in the near future but they were clean and well stocked. The pool, free parking, friendly (and uber-cool) staff and convenient location capped off a great stay.The area isn't the greatest but it is central and within easy walking distance of Union Square, cable cars etc.Highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 2 2005	All the fun of a hostel without the fleas		
May 24 2005	Not what seems to be!		
Apr 30 2005	The Phoenix Rocks!!		
Jan 18 2005	Great hotel in a gritty neighborhood		
Jul 23 2004	party on		
Jun 9 2004	Yikes		
May 18 2004	Best Hotel Ever!!!		
Jan 6 2004	An oasis!		
Jul 1 2003	Phoenix can be a Nightclub w/ rooms		
Jun 18 2003	Super-friendly		
Oct 3 2008 	Das Phoenix ist eine Oase!		
Sep 1 2008 	Espejismo de jungla rockera junto al Civic Center		
Jul 20 2008 	Eine tolle Wahl!		
